There's that echo again. Oh god. What's the use? I thought you heard that it's not going to win a Kentucky Dirty. There's that with a city. Yeah, died. He ceased. He died a couple weeks ago. Yeah. I got a lot of horses like that. I'll be using the die, but 100 yards from the wire. I did his race, 21, though. The lanes and stakes. Really? No, I guess. No, he was celebrating because, you know, that was the race that got his pick up punch to the Derby. Well, guess what? Unlikely. Yep. But I'm looking at this stuff I just printed out for Friday off the trail. All these horses that are injured or unlikely. And then next to his name, it says deceased. He gets it. You can't get more unlikely than that. No. Who else are they saying is unlikely? Don of war. Who? Your buddy Nick Zito's great point. Those horses are out of it. Hi, Cotton. Well, listen to this off the trail. In other words, these are not going to be in. Yeah. Red Raymond. But this was going back some time ago. I'm saying to stand superfly. Another next Zito horse. And the one a runner. That's real old information. Hey, well, I said I'm telling you. Yeah. I would be safe in picking a brother Derrick. I don't know about brother Derrick. He's, there's a lot of speed in the race. And he could get caught up in that. Alice, so he's, I think, buddy. Alice is good. Well, there you go. Like I said, there's a lot of speed in the race. Alex, by the way, has had some back problems in the last few months. He's nice riding good though. I just saw him at Hollywood Park with your buddy calling the races there. Vic Stover's frozen dinners. I was just watching yesterday as a matter of fact. He's come back good. He's not about private vowel with Sean Bridgeman hand. He's another another speed horse trained by Steve Asmeson. He's got to be related. How is he related to Cash Asmeson? I, they are related. I think, of course I know brother. Brother, I think. Are they? Yeah. He was a great trackie. Yep. What's the year? He went off to France and Steve caught the one off to England and developed that real heavy British accent. He did. Steve caught them as a British accent now. Yeah. I had them on a show. A couple years ago. You didn't have an accent. Well, he maybe he lost it. But boy, when he was riding over there, I saw him interviewed on the TV over there. There we were watching the races man. He developed a real heavy British accent. Yeah. He came back and lost it. Well, probably went back in the York and lost it. He's in Kentucky. I think he's where he belongs. That's where he's from. Yes, it is. So you got to have Dave on the show Friday? Friday. Yeah. I'm not going to let you talk me up rather dirt. I'm going to do a little more research. I did just 10 seconds ago. I just printed this stuff out. It's starting to do my homework. I don't pay any attention to those. Trying to battle horses. Those throughbreds. You know, I don't pay too much attention. They come out and they like, oh, don't run too fast now. Don't get all whipped up before the race. And then the thing I don't understand, I can understand two year olds that won't go in a starting gate. You know, they're like freaked out. But when you have ages to horses that go to the gate, wow, I mean, how stupid do you have to be? How many times they have to go in a day and start and gate people have to touch me around and screw around? Go in a gate already and cut the crap. Yeah. I hate that. Take some print. Take some. And a lot of races. And I'm sure you agree with us to take some longer to load the gate than buzz the run the race. Yeah, that's true. That's just what young horses like you say. No, the thing with brother Derek is that he's been running in California and he's been running against foreign five horse fields. Yeah. And now he's going to get up against the, you know, Well, I'm a big one. A lot of the name Derek our close friend, Derek was a real degenerate gambler and I'll release him. It's a good combination. But I haven't even looked at the headlines yet. Okay. He's going to be the favorite brother, though. Is he really? Yeah. How do you like that? See all I got to do is mention him and I'll wrap the bed. He's sweet and fine. There he is. He just dropped that. He says great expertise in the matter. How I was watching they have, uh, and would buy in two for long races quarter of a mile. Yeah, for babies. Yeah. And it was a horse broke the track record. Twenty one and two. Uh, I think it was Monday. Twenty one and two. They used to run those of high allele all the time. I mean, that's just a joke. You go to the window and you come back. Oh, you can meet that race as long over. I forget about that. It's like a, like you say. It's like a quarter of horse racing. Yep. I don't know if you remember, but several, many years ago, they tried quarter horse racing couple years of pomp and a. Yeah, I remember. Well, that went over like the Marlins. The Marlins. Yeah, they had announced crowd of 6,000 and 17 yesterday. That's announced crowd. Yeah. Which means we got a throw pitch last night. They could have that. A big of a pardon. Thought throw will. I understand. Oh, that. I had to include the game. I saw a little bit of it. But I'm telling you they had 6,000, 17. Yeah. So that means they had only two or 3000 when Dom 12 was purchased. So what's going to happen when they'll, I am short stitches. Are you going to find out? I never did find out who Gary Corn was, did you? No. No, I don't. I just don't know what to do about this. You think I made that up, don't you? I was a jockey at Calder, in fact, and then he became a Josh St. John. He got injured and then he became an agent. If you talk to your good close friend, Phil Salsman, I'll hit him. I remember Gary Corn. Good Jewish boy. One of a few. Yeah, I just don't remember him. Well, I'm out. How many years ago was it? Oh, that's a long time ago. Way back. Maybe 20, some. Back in the days of Julio Pazua. Well, I remember him. And Jorge Duarte, real stiff. I mean, real great driver. And Hustin頭 S. Kez was in Florida at that time, and the, uh, latter days of his checkered career. Hustin頭 Malice up in Ocala. Yeah, good place for you, Hustin頭, you stiff. Well, I hated him, man. I didn't like him at all. I'm telling another guy that came down a highly one year, and just couldn't, he couldn't. He needed a compass and a road map, and I was Richard McLeory, man. What are we talking, horse racing here? That's because the dirt we're coming up front. Yeah, well, I'm, uh, I'm here just awful. Your potential new neighbor up there. Who's that? Ricky Williams. No, he's not coming here. His contract with it often says he can't leave. He can't go to another league. He can't go to Canada. He can't tell you another league. I'm telling you that right now. He cannot, if they're less they've let him out. I think he and, uh, save him. They're very discussing that. They're very nervous about having him come here, because he's going to, uh, the weed supply, I go down about 40% of he comes here. I'm not sure what his contract with the dolphins is at this point. I'm, I'm telling you, I read him. I was in there all over here in the newspapers here two days ago. I read that his contract with the dolphins stipulates specifically that he can't play it in another league without permission to the dolphin. Well, there's a story today that they are talking about it. About what? Him coming here? Yeah. Oh, we don't want him here. Jesus God. He couldn't neighbor for you. No, he would not be a good neighbor. There, there was the neighborhood. Ricky Williams for Christ's, man. Next thing, the O.J. He's coming up here. You were my first thought when I saw that. Then, of course, I see this thing with Shack and Kobe and her babies were born like six minutes apart. Yeah. I don't think there's any coincidence there. I was asking George before to show how they got Shacks, baby out of his wife's womb. You know, but any baby, it's got a head, you know, six sizes normal, rolling ball. How did they get that thing? I probably with a, with a shoehorn and a crane. So the book comes out today. Yeah. You mentioned that. You have me too. Yeah, just keep talking. It comes out at 1130, I believe. Just keep going to 1130. Okay. You live all the results. I'm sure. What? You live all the results. I have all the results. I have. I'm sitting on eggshells on this one. I think it's going to be really, uh, something. I can't say the word on a y'all. Good choice. But I think it's going to be really something. Like disaster, you mean? Well, the, this new regime we've got, man. They just seem, uh, I don't know, in suspended animation. They're like your buddy Larry King. And suspended animation. I don't, uh, I don't know what to all this thinking about. You just can't get off the dime. And then, uh, two to four, we got there. And we got there every week. And we got both of them. They thank God. A little variety. By the way, uh, co-picture gave me a note here. Oh, oh. Permanently disabled, jockey-gilled members. The Gary Cohen is one of them. I told you, what did I tell you? He, hey, he got injured. And then he became a jacksage. And he was a pretty good writer. I don't know about that David Cohen, whether he's related, and no one horizon California, you know who he is. David Cohen. Yeah. He's not very good. I'll tell you it's pretty good. It's Gary Gomez. Oh, Gary, it's Gomez is a great friend of mine's agent. And he's going to be writing Ron and John. And which is one of the things John? Yeah. And one of the three entries from Bob Baffert. And I know that they wanted very much to write that horse. Yeah. He lobbied Baffert to get them out. And that was the one he chose. I see that flashing a pan-tiler base. He can't find a finish line with a compass. Gomez is moving east, by the way. What is? Gary Gomez. He's moving to the east coast. Yeah. It's going to ride in New York for Todd Pletcher. And Rafael Bajarano doesn't have a mount in the Derby. I don't think he does. I told you, is it a good jacky? He didn't agree with me. He's sitting around all those crappy tracks and Kentucky. It's pretty good. He's terrific. We need Frankie to throw you over here. That's what we need in the Derby. It's when he goes on the way. Thank you. I just love what he jumps off the horse there. And the winner is certainly the director of the other. He's here for a year. You already know that. That's not that many years ago. How about you be here for the audience in May? I was in Europe at the time. He named your gut killed. It was a helicopter crash. He was transporting him to ride one particular race. I figured where I was at the Italy. And the helicopter crashed in the infield. He named your gut killed. No trivia there for you. Yeah, that's a good one. Land Franko de Torrey. He's great. Something about European racing man. I don't know. I can't describe it. I've watched a lot of it when I was over there on the satellite. Yeah, there's a kind of an intelligence to it. Yeah, exactly. Well, you know, you were over there for the ASCOT. There's just a whole different ambiance to it. I thought you'd go to the ARC sometime. Supposedly. They're the ARCY trombles. Yes. And then in France, they got the most, I talked to David about this. I don't think I've ever mentioned it to you. They got harness under saddle. Have you ever seen that? They've got trotters who they trot, but they have jockey's on. It's the most, the funniest thing to watch. It's a panic. And the jockey's don't carry a whip. And it just kind of like, you know, urge the horse along. It's just, it's really funny to watch. I think it was not funny to watch his old and damn steeple chase races. They got over there with horses or like, By the end of the race. They had four of them to have to be destroyed. I don't know what that's all about. They still do that, too. I guess they probably use a lot of horse meat. Oh, and I'd say one other thing. By the way, the anti people chase racing in Saratoga. One thing I was thinking about the other day, years ago, we were with a dog crash. She used to really pack a man and they'd have a matinee in the That car dog and a dog or a meal in the box. They used to have hurdle races at the dog tracks in Florida. And they had, they were like, the best way to describe it. They were like upside down brooms, you know, with the like, a brushes at the top. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hard to describe it. And the dogs would jump over those brooms. There were hurdles for dog. Was really something. But that's another era man. That's when the dog. I'm sure can probably remember that. Yeah, he must. We were talking about the days when we used to go to the Miami Beach Cal Club. Remember that? Yeah, sure. Right for the foot of South Beach. I've been there. I was at the one in Saratoga. I mentioned yesterday. My first trip to the dog track, 1915. That may be was 1968. I was visiting Fort Lauderdum on vacation. I went to Flagler with a friend of mine. I won 700 bucks. The first night the dog's had no idea what I was doing. I thought, boy, this is a piece of cake. This is better than the horses. The second night we went back and I bet 100 to 100 to play. That was a dog when it came out of the box. Other dog ran into him. He went flying up into the air and came flopping down on the track. And he was like, yeah, I'm screaming. There's my 200 bucks on the track. Get up. You piece of crap. That's the only thing. And I've also seen pictures. Now, this has got to be before even we were born. Old fossils like us. But they had monkeys on the backs of the dogs. Did you ever see that? No. Yes. That's kind of about that. I mean, I'm sure we'd ever had it down there. But what's the time? I think it was really part of the last century. They had monkeys riding the dogs and dog races. Where's Ken? I think he would know about it because he's a, you know, a scene. He's a scene in film footage of it. Yeah. They're like, to put you in monkeys on the top of it. Yeah, little tiny monkeys riding the dogs. Monkey jockeys. Oh, see, if they're watching that. Remember what happened to Cossell that little monkey, Alvin Gerard? Don't stare where they don't go there. Not going there. No. Don't stare where those jury being comments. Well, listen on that note. Yeah. It's already time for our first break. I'm off for Kentucky. Now, what are we going to be doing the rest of the week? You're not doing any more shows this week? No. I've got to work. There. You don't know I'm going to do it because I'm pretty much over the floor. Some of my ears aren't open. No, don't you hate that when your ears are plugged up and you're like your, especially when you have to fly. I would be. I think that would help though. I got to go catch a plane. I'll see you. No, I mean, that's the only thing. If my ears would open up tomorrow, I'd go out to woodbine. I think I think the sound of the machines might open up my ears tomorrow. I'm going to give it to you anyway. Anyway, yeah, I got a draw show tomorrow afternoon. And then Friday, I got a handy cat for showing a morning. Tomorrow morning, I got to do sports or third. Once Thursday sports center, I got about nine shows to do up there. So, so, no, there was a ratings are coming out. Now, what time is your flight? 12, 15. The ratings are coming out at 11.30. I can't sleep until it noon. Excellent. Yes, good. By the way, Beast just brought me monkey riding on a grey-own of pictures of this. So, you have a couple of loads of times. September 15, 1935. I told you. I wasn't around then. No, I said before we were born. Oh, okay. One go. It's a great picture. Yeah, and that a funny looking thing. We can have thoughts on the grey-hound is. Yeah. Well, maybe that's what we can do. Maybe we can get the monkey off our back. We'll see. Let's hope. Cross your legs. I'll talk you Monday. I have a safe trip, thanks. The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, Yes, and college. And you're not worth solving. You can drive test-grid. You can have a couple of little cameras. Thanks. Did the trend start? It's a good idea. You can punch him. That's the one who can check, baby. I'll rock you. One body, baby. I can't even exercise in the head and I can't throw. Were you drudge back in? Hey everybody, I'm brown and brown. A countable, for everybody, brown and brown. As are you with being. I'm a thick disappointment. But I got a brown nose. And I know where I'm on it. That was no good to get them saved. They don't over come again in a halfway, I did everything. I possibly can. The show Massipone, all the blue-clubs plan. Oh, what a job I had. And the director of FIFA, when I was a child, I was in a wheel to the steamer and a blue-less son of a kid. That's a hooter, kids' history. Brown nose and a bridge. Kids' history. Brown nose and a bridge. I think you're mad. Who all needs? His wife doubted none. With the will you, sen I did, one act of a job and a trophy's arm. To be a crown in and on their white maize, the Christian phoning, the national guard is down there now. With all of us just to get the press out of town. Everybody go home. They're nothing to see. Everything here is pitchy, thingy. Over hurricane, gave us a big easy. For the icon, so ensure him to be in, we like the giant republicans' way to change. Through Jesus' order, our lord and king. Brave Jesus, for shall all over the king. I don't believe in passions, what we in love. It serves the right to have less glass and you descend the suit say, it's a national disgrace that you'd not have had. In the first place, this is no time to bring the blame game. Since we know that the remains are caused by games who are not the right kind of homo. My stride, we're clearly then far away. Go home, we're achieving the America's right wing dream. To make everybody fly like these. And there's ignorance on of a thing. It is just a crown, who's an embrace. Poor how I've been spending my days, and I'm too crazy in horses. Rather than you death, as watch plenty of horses on the negligent murder of now. And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. On the negligent murder of now. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. Speaking of those funky dog races with the monkeys on the back. You know that in, they have camel racing in the middle. Do we ever see that? Right, yes I have. What is really something I'm alive, but yeah, it is something to watch. And they keep ripping on those poor damn things in real good on him. And beat none. Reminds me to camel at the died, it was probably the month and then movie with Willie Eames paradise. Right paradise. Just I do. Who was he a chicken at? Well, what he terms, PB Cates. No, if PB Cates was in there, she was boyish and goish. That's what somebody said, according to the turd. 10, 17. Boy look at this, it's already 10, almost for the second break. That's okay. We're just here to kill an hour and a half until those ratings come out at 11.30 this morning. Boy, this is the day that a lot of people have inside the building. Around a building around the hood, they're all like doing a green echo. Ackle quits, quips, stick. Oh, hey, you know, sometimes it's the things you can't see that can really be bad for you. And some for it, if for 28 years, drag concepts is absolutely the best at cleaning your carpets. When you drag clean your carpets, you can clean today and entertain tonight. Carpet state cleaner longer with no sticky residue left behind. And when over 50,000 satisfied customers including yours truly, I guarantee you won't be alone. Let me remind you that drag concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration. Good to know during hurricane season, certified technicians to get you out of the mold zone in just minutes, not days. And drag concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's glad and teed. And speaking of guarantees, they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they roll up their sleeves and start to with a spectacular job. And a top at all, after I concentrate as a state of the art Oriental rock cleaning plant. The only one in South Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area. The only one in South Florida is the one that's been working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. So, you can see the car is working on the car. This is 560kph. You call that a consultant? For the white house image is right full. And the me, the art is right full. To potentials not polls are low. Tony Stone, Tony Stone, Tony Stone. All the top show, the most is something. So, the red, the red is not pink. When you want your leadership to go. Tony Stone, Tony Stone, he's your home. He will totally hold bus sides. Bow his hold in that name before. But if you need a handle in car rides. Tony Stone, he's your home. Oh, push things to be superlative. And his views are quiet and servitive. So, our book and hire him, we don't know. Tony Stone, Tony Stone, Tony Stone. There's look at the past performance lines on the direct online. He didn't have to have a lead. He can race from off the pace. I'm sticking with brother Derek. Don't let anybody talk me off. Okay. I'm just telling you that. Right now, he's going to win the, he's a monster man. He's a monster. You ever see a monster? Every day. How do you like that? That Hank is bailing out of 1215. And the ratings are coming in 1130. Which means we ought to have money around noonish. So, he's a flying hell out. Good choice. Here's the pull results from yesterday. The star-spangled banner should be sung in English. Only 882, 58.1%. You know my comment on the whole thing. They should be our biggest problem. Oh yeah. They should be your biggest problem. A bit to there's a fax coming because I can actually hear the fax sound coming out there. Very big. Yeah, but I hear, I can hear the fax sound coming on your end. Well, so at least two can hear. And here's my ears plug up. It goes to show you something. Huh? I can't wait to hear these great calls we're going to get today. I know it's not going to be nearly as good as yesterday. But it's two days. Two days kind of like one of those in between days. You know, it's not fishing. It's not foul. English only 882, who gives us met 256 a man. Boy, crack the people get all whipped up about. It should be sung rarely. It's a bad song. 190, a man to that too. In any language, 159. In English or Spanish only, uh, D.C. Ocho. 18. Very good. What? I know my numbers, Mr. Spanish and Tatiana. I know my numbers. That's right. Saturday, Monday. And I hate this pull. Only 11. On say. Let's see. Here's the fact you just sent from Philan Gainesville for the report. How did legal day affect me? Yes, I'm not calling it immigrant day because it wasn't immigrant day. It wasn't their day without immigrants. It was the day without illegal aliens, man. Right. And if your boy Lou Dobbs, he was going to an afshmit on the last night. Only Lou. I even got a column on here that he wrote, uh, he wrote a comperson and he was on with your buddy Larry last night. Yeah. I went to a primary group, Rally. It's not a pro immigrant rally. It's pro illegal alien rally. Okay, get it right. More than seven million undocumented workers do the work. Many citizens refuse to do. They deserve a shot of becoming legal. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, what a crock that is. Yes. So business they do work that they. What they do is they create. They they help to look. Keep the minimum wage as low as possible. They're they help the grave robbing big corporations. And it's all scam. That's always to cover up for coming in legally. All they're doing jobs that other people are going to do. Bull crap. That other people are going to do what slave wages. That's what you're doing. Right. Yeah. And if anybody wants to know why those people are pouring across here and don't let those Mexican Chamber of Commerce types for you on these talking head shows, the conditions in Mexico are deplorable. In fact, the conditions in most of Latin America are deplorable. And these people are reproducing like rabbits and they got all these unwatted kids running around. On the edge of like 15 running around with no jobs with no education with no nothing. Right. Slappers. In fact, you know something? Slappers. Yeah. That's the word that sums it up. And that's why they're pouring across the border. So instead of like, you know, all this BS for all the what they ought to do is be having a protest in Mexico. Of course, they'll probably shoot them all, but that's another story. Right. Here's the fact that says these people are protested yesterday should protest once a week. A lot of pleasure it is to shop and get around the town and homestead. Well, everyone's staying out of the store. Ha ha ha. Oh, it's from stuttering Gil. No matter the facts of stuttering Gil in a long time. Remember stuttering Gil? Sure. Wow. That's exciting. Well, wait, we'll hold off today's poll ever just a second or two, which has to do with the crap yesterday. Does that, that's facts from this guy in Gaines, but who now are you kidd man? They deserve a shot of being here. Right. Legal. You know something? Well, let him go through the process with those right immigrants really do. Let him live up to the definition of immigrant immigrants. Immigrate isn't somebody who sneaks in across the border and comes in illegal. Okay. Works undocumented and gets hired by a bunch of grave robbers to work for slave wages. That's not immigrant. Okay. That's called illegal alien. Right. That's an invader. And whatever happened to poor little alien, I need to anyway. I think the abuelism is squeeze a little bit too hard. 27 past 10 a QAM finally a TV experience like no other. Comcast, digital cable with on demand is easy to use has lots to love. And today you can try it for only 34 99 a month for three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? I'm glad you asked because for starters you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to win your TV. On demand is a lot of very of thousands of programs ready to start with your say so. With programming including free movies, kids, shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, and equipment shows, guitar lessons, and so much more, you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it. And let's not forget about control either with on demand. You can start it. You can stop it. You can pause it. We wind it fast forward programs using your remote. You can't get all these things with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can go to your own TV schedule. Who could possibly ask for more? Investible on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how you've lived without it. Call today order Comcast digital cable in HBO or the power of on demand for just 34 99 a month for three months. In date call 305 Comcast or in sensational call 9-5-4. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-AZ. The Neil Rogers. Sometimes it will be a trust, it's more or less a fair deal. Seems someone in C-A with the person in the United States will respond. Well, this information is escaping. They're embarrassed to me. And I'm going to ask for the truth from the people who work on my team. And now I have to face. But there's a big leader. We'll track and we'll try to metal-sake some time. And then the final outcome you can be sure. There's a big leader that big leader will work in a stage. Also speaking of the Marlins. Friends are now a long shot. Now must be the excuse. Maybe it was the fact that he would play in a big game last night. But of course, he didn't play last night. Right. Or maybe the fact that he would stay at home to watch the Detroit Emmons in hockey. And he would play in a big game last night. Edmonton, kick the choice. Asked right there. Edmonton, four, three last night. It was great. That third period was sensational. It was a thing of beauty and joy to my heart. And all you phone, you red wing fans and South Florida put on the red wing jerseys. Several years ago, after Detroit won two Stanley comes to the wall. We're all big red wing air. So full of crap. You would know Detroit from Iskerming, Michigan. Okay. What a joke. In any rate. So what was the issue of 617 in like Hank said, Don Trabba's Pretty much in last night. So that's supposed to be the big attraction. Isn't it? That is the big attraction. In fact, that's the only attraction. Here's the fact that says that people want us to see and they will not illegal as I'm all for it. Let's see our schools with less crowded classrooms because they will be illegal and new textbooks and higher paid teachers. Thanks to the extra money we'd be saving, but not having to waste it to educate illegal. There you go. But we demand education. We demand that this. So we demand. But it would be. Yeah, I don't like that when people are law breakers. But we're just based out of very way they come into the country. I run around making all kinds of demands. I don't want to be treated like that. But I go back where it came from. It'd be treated great. Okay. If 99% of the people who weren't participating or who weren't illegal themselves yesterday, if they knew what the conditions we were like in Mexico, which is where most of those people came from. Then they'd understand why they came here in the first place. So why we have this mess. And they don't understand that a country just like Iskerming, like Iskerming, like I said, a country that can't enforce its borders is in the country, and that's exactly correct. You know, he said two interesting things in his life, they were both true about be worthy military industrial complex and that was the other one. I think we don't want to complain about America's immigration policy because basically you don't have one. Right? Out of control? Oh, oh, see? Out of control? Anyway, 9. Had been 12 votes on the pool. How did illegal alien day affect you? We asked 901 votes. Our goals were a thousand during the show. I think we've got a shot shot. Well, look at this, we're less than our way from those ratings coming out. What is this? We're running. We're running. We're running. Scoring the first goal. Oh, there he goes. There's an Edmonton making a big comeback. It went down two nothing. They tied it up and then the turret went head and they tied it up again. They won four to three last night. I know nobody cares. And the ducks carry their series to seven. Beat the, uh, uh, anxious Calgary flames. 915 votes. You're legally in the end. How did it affect you? Not at all. That's what I voted 660. I didn't see any illegal aliens yesterday. So much as smoth ahead. So in fact, on Sunday, they had a big march. Your wasn't a protest, but had a big march with the, um, I guess they're all the cab drivers. Yeah. No, it was a sick march. Huh? They all all the guys with the blue turban hill. Oh, those could have those six. Not sick. It's a nice and I'm ill. I'd be ill and uh, the six they were all there. So if you need the cabin town, I guess, I thought it would have been tough to find one. Much less traffic yesterday on illegal alien. They 157. Now, you notice my poll question. How did illegal alien? Yeah. I didn't say how did day without immigrant effect. You. And I'm going to get to that Lou Dobbs commonman. Although he gets a little carried away with this, uh, leftist, communist, uh, Everybody, everybody, he'd be good and a little of anacris. Everything is commonplace to come and use to, you know, Thank you, by the way, for using the proper labels. Yes, illegal alien day. And I can't imagine why we had one car yesterday. Somebody saying, all of us all the noise and racket going on there on, um, Southwest 8th. There was no lie because the people are came out there on Southwest 8th. We didn't come in illegally. Okay. There were a lot of, um, I mean white flags like you were talking about, but I guess his Nick Iraq was that what they told us? On the end, how? Yeah. Does there was some red right and blue, uh, in the crowd there, but it was mostly blue white flags that I saw on the local news. I see. Or is it Honduras? Or is it Honduras? I don't know. Josh is looking for it. And of course there were 20 Mexican flags. And it could not get through this poll or not. Before I know it, it's going to be 1130 already. I think it's Argentina, by the way. Oh, that's, that's, that's it. That's it. So it was Argentina. I said, well, that's a long way to tip for Erie. Much less traffic, 159. Spent extra money, 41. Just to piss off the illegal. I spent extra money. Didn't go to work 18. 18 didn't go to work. I've got your hand quoted for that. I hate this poll 15. Didn't open my business 10. But, and keep in mind that this is South Florida. Well, these must be from home status. I mean, I think didn't go shopping nine. Worst traffic five and didn't go to school. Nobody. I don't know. I didn't go to school. Well, I can't imagine in South Florida anybody. He's not as an excuse. Not to go to school. He never heard of such a thing. Be true to your school man. For these four, I said, if it's good enough for the These four is this with enough for us. And do I have time? I guess I got time to read this couple of minutes. Mm-hmm. Although probably we should take one or two of these calls. First, I've got to do QOM. Hello. Yeah. I don't think George should be able to assist me in this conversation. Because these people came here and took jobs away from America. His people will be coming illegally or illegally. Wow. That's a fish. I've got to do QOM. Hello. You can say that about every immigrant who ever came in legally. You can say, well, they took some of the job that somebody else will to hand. Right. So, Ella, immigrant, I mean, the country's going to be pretty empty. Pretty simple. Just a dance. Cuban hating bastard. That's what you are. So you're not fooling me. Okay. You're just a bigoted piece of crap. His people is in your people that you're just a bigoted. That's all. Where did your people come from, Mr. Hot Shot? Right. Let's check out your family tree and see who's calling around up in that thing. Assuming they came over legally with that. I have an idea who's calling around. That's the banjo boy group. I think they're probably calling around in history. Pickin' it right now. That's right. That's the sound they make. The DBGI banjo boy group ink. Well, I'm going to have a lot of egg on their pussy. It wasn't the volume 45 this morning when we really sift out those numbers. Oh, man. Can't you smell it? I smell something, but of course. It's not like our real rank egg fart to me. I can smell all the way up here. And that's the stench of the anticipation of these numbers coming out of. And this is going to be the first book for the new regime man. And maybe the last one can only pray. We need some serious leadership in there. We're just like, we're like a ship. Let's see, floundering man. Where's the captain? Even how we bog our agreement. At least he had some strawberries and steel balls. Share count of them before we go. We got a new, we got a new game that has no strawberries and no balls. I'll say it again. I think to pacify Donna Shalele since we see that seems to be the new game is to pacify everybody. Let's start a Billboard campaign. WCQA and we have no balls. No. That's a common bitch, Donna. And then Donna, what are you going to do about that? What are you going to do about it? You fair. Well said. Okay. Well, I'm sure we're going to get more of that crap. The fact is that. Exactly. Whatever crap you want to say. That's okay with us. We don't really give a crap in the rub. It's a slice you want to ask. You know, when you come out of this stupid rub. If it's intelligent garbage, that's fine. But if it's stupid garbage like that, George should not be an out of participate like George K. And illegally? I got my papers. We waited a long time for that. And he sold him several times this morning. This is Neil Roger. This is the first time. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. Neil. God. What do you see? He's speaking to the guy in the morning. He's speaking to us recently. Earlier this month, social workers visited him. He's called after person. He's found out about a nice chair. And he's after the head injury. Brittany, you're pregnant again. I want to. Which you're not doing a very good job. But taking care of your first kid. And I was flexible. Yeah, your response to the sort of safety. Well, I didn't think of it at the time. I can't believe you've got an electric. That's around his ribs. Hey. And he's playing with a bear trap. Oh, this is a new toy. Exploding Elmo. 10. 4. 4. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. And we got that's 2 to 4. Maddog 4 to 6. 3. At the Mickey Arena, Arizona Arena. For game number 5, they're the bulls of the heat tonight. The heat better get their act together. Right, John? He need to do something. They got wall up twice in the Chicago there by a girls team. That's pretty embarrassing. Marlon's on deck at 6.30. I'm sure we're going to have a fantastic tune in for that with that heat game on today. Marlon's in the Phillies of the stadium at 705 and any cave follows that, which is a tough assignment. 6,017, the announcement in last night. And I was going to watch about, in fact, they must have been the inning I tuned in when the Donald Trump was blowing a game. What? What he laughed about because it was five to two Marlon's. They had a nice comfortable lead. It was about to six or seven inning. And Phillies were starting them out of comeback. They had a couple of on and a good infield. They had the bases loaded and I turned back to the hockey game. You know, he actually pitched a good game. It's just for this team. He needs to like pitch all nine innings for that new win. He gave up eight runs. Yeah, but what in the eighth inning? He gave up eight runs, Mr. and seven on the third inning. Right. Eight runs. Now, he's supposed to need to man. He's the only guy that got that anybody ever heard of before on the pitch. And you pitch a good seven inning. So you should be able to win a game. You're starter. Yeah. But hey, you're starter. You're starter. Yeah. Well, let me just tell you this, Mr. They stunk. They're stunk. They're six and seven and 17. They stunk. And a crowd stunk. And nobody cares. Okay. See, this is what gets me. You know, got all these. Just like Wayne again. Nobody cares about hockey in that town. You could sit. You could sit in your arm pit. The number of people are really care about hockey. I mean, nobody. And so we got to build that bigger win just to keep Wayne hat because he's keep going. Keep threatening. I am going to move out. I'm going to take a team and go somewhere. I'm going to poke if see. I'm going to script it. You know, well, goodbye already. You know, and the same thing with these losers, man. With his David Samson and the Lyle and Loria. God. We're going to say, and it's telling you, well, goodbye already. Okay. Take a footstramy sandwich with you and have a good trip and get lost. And thanks for stiffening the public yet. I got news for you. They didn't just have a house cleaning man. They had like even in Hiroshima. They never saw this. They had a decimation. In fact, I see a lot of similarities, but between what happened with their organization and what happened with the banjo blood group. This outfit. Don't you see many similarities? Huh? Sorry. Decimated. Absolutely. If I had a way of that norm, I don't return your email. You're called today. I'm going to be so fraudic at the mouth with that faggot. You have no idea. Keep sending me these emails. Oh, well, George, those who caught time in. And then you keep calling there. They don't even return your messages. He emailed him this morning. He's just playing fast and loose. He just wants to get talked about on your lot of publicity. Yeah. Oh, who can blame it? Mr. Flan Poin and Faggot, the old F. Anyway, Lou Dubs writes, radical group-staking control of immigrant movement. We all awoke to headlines in our nation's most important newspapers reminding us that this is a day with item ignorance. He said yesterday, not illegal immigrants mind you, but immigrants. You asked say that they had lines today as demonstrations in Boycott on immigration's front lines. The New York Times had lines at story with calls for boycott by the government. The law's for boycott by immigrants employers grieved for the unknown. The Washington Post and the LA Times have both called in their coverage the immigration debate. These major newspapers obviously don't want to disturb their readers with information. That today's demonstrations in Boycott are about illegal immigration and amnesty for illegal aliens. CNN and Fas News are both using a banner calling their coverage a day without immigrants. While MSNBC is tithaling its coverage, immigrant anger. Most of the mainstream media has been absolutely co-opted by the open borders and illegal immigration advocates. I'm not opposed to demonstrations in protest of any kind since Lou, even by those who are not citizens of this country, because one way or another, demonstrations in protest in rich and in a big way at the National the Beta-Ways, the public consciousness of truth. But only one newspaper to its credit reported that illegal aliens in their supporters wore a cattle national economy on the first of May is still evidence that radical elements have seized control of the movement. The Washington Post, a lot among national papers, reported that answer act now to stop foreign and racism has become an active promoter of the National Boycott. Some illegal immigration and open borders activists in the Hispanic community are deeply concerned about the involvement of the left wing radical group. But others like Juan Jose Guadieras, whom I've interviewed a number of times over the past several months, manages to be both the director of Latino movement USA and representative of answer. As Guadieras told us on my show, the time has come where we need to stand up and make a statement. We need to do what the American people did when they pulled away from the British crown. And I'm sure that back in those days, many people were concerned that that was radical action. Just how significant is the impact of leftists within the illegal immigration movement. It's no accident that they chose May 1st as their day of demonstration in Boycott. It's the worldwide day of commemorative demonstrations by various socialist, communist, and even anarchic organizations. Supportors of the Boycott have made no secret of their determination to try to shut down schools, businesses, and entire cities. Much of LA's seven-street protest market would supply thousands of local restaurants and markets was closed. Many meet-packing companies like Carville and Tyson also are closing many of their plans. The meet-packers are confirming what we know is his University of Maryland economics professor Peter Marici, and that this is a large group of illegal aliens in the US lowering the wage rate of semi-skilled workers, people are high schooled drop, out-to-high school graduates with minimal training. In fact, a meet-packing job paid 19 bucks an hour in 1980, but today the same job pays closer to $9 an hour court of labor department. That's entirely consistent with what we've been reporting that illegal aliens, the press wages for US workers, are as much as $200 billion a year, and in addition to placing a tremendous burden on a hospital school's not-to-social services. Radicalism is not confined to videos and Latino movement USA, Ernesto Navarra is the LA Port Collective is promising to shift down the Port of LA. Transportation and Congress will come to a grinding halt, and you said they're going to put a wall along the border with Mexico. We're going to put a wall between us and the ocean, and those containers ain't going to move. No matter which flag demonstrators and protestors carry today, their leadership is showing its true colors to all who will see. Says you're here, O'Loo Dots. You go, O'Loo you go. I told you you go. You go, you go. Well, he's doing this thing. You know that's right up his alley, man. Outshores and jobs, any legal, those are his two. That's his thing. That's his thing. That's his thing. Just pass you to a son. Let's see. Oh, here's the thing about the F. No, that's these are not the flags. Oh, well, according to this it was, it was not an Argentinian flag or was Niccaragua. As Isabel de Cassadre used to say on the list. Nicaragua. Nicaragua. The blue-white blue pattern is come to all the Central Americans, states figure a mind of the union from the beginning of 19th century. Each of the five-redual companies find a way to differentiate the flag, flag, Costa Rica put a red strap in the middle, Costa Rica. Nicaragua and El Salvador, their coast of arms, Honduras, five stars, and what am I going to turn the straps vertically? I just looked them all up. It's a nice Nicaragua that's made the argument. The end of that live, we could have a, we saw a sky blue shade. Well, they're in this one I was trying to tell again. We didn't know Argin, so we got a few Argentinians, but they came to watch some soccer games. But that flag that we saw was Nicaragua. Well, who cares what difference is happening? I'm assuming. All of the states who said to Guatemala, I have common elements on their coat of arms, mountains or volcanoes, will see on each side. Sessionist camps, spectrum star and inscription, America Central, the triangles symbolizes equalities of Indians on land may use also to flag without the arms. In other words, like life here like Bud Lynch, you only have one arm, we can still use the flag. Bud Lynch is still doing the PAT trope by the way, the Joe Luthe, Joe, oh my god. He's got to be 100 years old now. He's to come to me as to my lord, he's only got one arm. That's very bad. That's in bad taste. When you think, I think. Who's to be the Red Wings announcer? How many years ago, Bruce Martin and Bud Lynch, baby, you better get whether you don't know your hockey history man at all. No. We were never going to survive in that town. Easy. 984 votes on the pool. We might get very close to 1000 by the top of the first hour. 989, they're coming in and chunks now. W2QA and their legal line, hello. Hi, Neil. Why I say what this really makes me mad? I was thinking of money right out of my law. Yeah. Because I'm just a slipper. Just out here working. And I could be making more money if this wasn't going on. They're depressing your wages, man. And people don't understand. I mean, it doesn't fazle. We can't run. And any group of people are willing to work for a slave wages. And it knocks everybody else's wages down. Just like they're saying about the meat packers. I used to work at a young and tender as a meat cutter. Young and tender? Yeah. And more and more. Go to school. Yeah. And we went on strike one year. That where we actually had a union. Like it did a lot of good. The next day, all the management had muscles of Mexicans coming in there. And it didn't matter. There you go. I don't know. I don't know what to do, Neil. I say, I say all the Mexicans go back and straight in their own country. I've had this one. I mean, I want to pick up Mexicans specifically unless I have to. But I will. Because I've seen some documentaries especially recently on a conditions that go on. The slipper would be an understatement. Okay? One of the stories that I posted while you were on vacation is all the horrible things that the Mexican government does to people that want to get into Mexico from the south of them. Right. And how they just shoot them or rob them or rape them or all of them. Well, speaking of robbing and rapeing them. I mean, people said, what you travel all over Europe and here in there and how come you never go to Mexico? I thought about it a couple of times. I thought about five minutes in the hour. About my story. I'm American. How about that Canadian couple when they go? A single crap man. Can't grab or pick you up. And of course, maybe it's one of those gypsy cab drivers. And if he feels you got some expensive jewelry, some money, he takes you out in the middle of a no man's land. And if you're lucky, he'll just take everything you got in and just turn you loose out there. If you're not so lucky, it's a lot of thing. And it's all nobody ever sees you rest again. That's not my idea of tourism. That's called murderous last time I checked. Never going to probably get people say, oh, well, we went to Mexico City. We went to a aquapulco and had a wonderful day. Oh, good. Okay, here's some lucky ones. You came back alive. That's why I say I went out of cruise and had a good time. Well, that's great. Congratulations. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. I'm not that fat. What the hell was that? Sorry. Me too. WDQAM. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. How are you? How are you? I'm fine. I'm fine. 30% of immigrants like I caught in the beach. What did the rate of week? You're hard. Did you have? I'll be damned. What's that I was able to look for? I was trying to get away from those dogs. That's nice. That invaded their country. Probably. Maybe they're trying to get out of real man where men are men in some of the women are too. We must be at OK thanks, pal. Yeah, maybe that's what it is. What I say, Buenos Aires is in Argentina. I haven't talked about Rio's in Brazil. I'm sorry. I'm getting all my countries confused. That's right. That's OK. This is the both base cities. There's probably about a drag queens in Buenos Aires too. How about the San Diego? How come we don't have no Chileans man? Are they picking grapes or what? That's good question. Isn't that what Chile is saying? I mean, I'm not picking them. I'm not picking them. I'm not picking them. Come on. You never heard of those good grapes from the sour grapes from Chile? I might have never heard of those. I think grapes man. It's fantastic. Good stuff. It'll give you good solid. It'll make you real regular. Real regular clown. And now we don't have anything about Chile. I realize that's pretty far away, but so is Argentina. How about Paraguay? How about the fascists, huh? Right? And Peru, do we have any Peruvians born in across the border? We must have a photo. And how about Venezuela, man? They want to stay there because they're getting 12th of a gallon gas from Hugo Chavez. I say we send George Bush to Venezuela and bring in Hugo Chavez. How do you like that? Well, see you, Chavez and Hugo Chavez. And look what we got on our poll right now. This is a Clary In Moment, man. A thousand votes, even. This is a meal run on our own. Oh my God. Yeah, 5. 16. 8. This is the meal runs your show. This is your boy. I can't do that. Any questions? Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the True Home of What Celebrity Music Viper, if you profile story. If you look up, feel good music of the 80s in the dictionary. You won't find a thing. But if, in a parallel universe, you could look up, feel good music of the 80s in the dictionary. You probably find his big grinning love next to it. He was Kenny Loggins. I'm just a tall thin white guy with a beard whose one great choice to share some gentle, non-threatening good times. What was that? Did you say that makes me kind of gay? I didn't say anything. Listen, nobody calls Kenny Loggins gay. Well, since you brought it up, what about that duet you did in the Stephen X? Never I call him. What about it? Whenever I call you friend, it's kind of gay. What about Danger Zone? Danger Zone Rocksman? Oh, right. Danger Zone versus what ACGC is. I'm still going to tell you, for I can eat. This is the limit. I'm going to go meet my girlfriend, walk around the outdoor mall in my chinos, get some frozen yogurt and kiss her. Hard. Kenny Loggins. Like they say, denial is not just the thing you do to avoid the truth. Oh, wait, that is what it is. It's a big juicy shopping web, look at show business. Tonight, on inside the mind. It's 11.05. 60WQ. We got the winter arbitrage rating. We'll come out in about a half an hour and a man. Oh, I bet you're the line in that T-room right now all the way out the door and up to Jacksonville. You think? What was credit carder when I went in there to tell you? Oh, yeah. And if it was crowded then you can just imagine what it is now. You probably can smell it. Well, it didn't have to pay. It had pulled too bad pull reports for the bushmeister. I'll get to those in a second after we take a thousand calls. And then of course, Rush got the brush on a hand, give him a little smack on a hand. That's what happens to Rich White Guys, man. See, that kind of called in yesterday that it was all about how to ship about the Duke of Crosspurs. If you had picked out Rush Limbaugh as an example, I'd have said, yeah, that's a good example for you. White Guys, but a lot of money who get off when they do like your Kobe Bryant, OJ Simpson. WDQAM, hello. How do I get a passport to Miami? I don't think you want to go there, man. First you got to go to Cuba. I think he wants to passport out of Miami. That's right. First you come to Canada and you fly to Cuba. That's what you do it. They got plenty of flights there. Canada flies to Cuba many times today here. No problem. That's because you all are coming. That's right. A lot of government coming pickers up here and you can go to any cigar. Still all over town and to run in by all the Cubano cigars you want. Yeah, fake. I sure have my ears ever open up. I can try to really nifty ones that have breached me for 43 bucks. FedEx charges. Anybody ever make any comment about that? I'm sure not. So, because that would have indicated number only was listening. Number two, he admitted to be in a jerk. Hey, bread, you're a jerk. What are our sales holes? Somebody to weigh in. Hello. Hello. Good morning, sir. What else is this? I work in the streets and we like to say, a traffic is going to be like that. That's not what we're working in the streets. I work in the streets, you know, I do the lyrics, you know, I'm kind of stuff. I see. And if traffic is going to be like that, I say we have any goole in the quite the week buddy. Okay. Later, Bobo. Okay. He legal alien day every day of the week. Keep that traffic late. When fact, a much less traffic is a very strong second place. 173. In fact, other than not at all being affected by yesterday, much less traffic is no matter or no. See, kicking ass. Big time. How many QAAM hello? I'm a nail how are you, sir. Okay. Oh, right. Hey, look at that. I have a question for you. There's actually a comment that that's thing about yesterday. And we said, there was less traffic and it was wonderful delight. But more importantly, I wanted to know. Somebody get this to ride your sleep. I'm up here. Put on my nipples, please. How many QAAM hello? I'm going to stand up and do something. I mean, go to the gas tank. Go to waste truck and fill up. So you could just tell Chevron and speak it. Fill it up away. So I'll go to the room and then I'll be going. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. All right. A little bit realized the good shipment was coming in today. I thought the best today because there was too much confusion and constant conservation and constipation. But the shipment obviously arrived today and we only want to know where our partners. That's right. It's nice to hear. WQAM hello. Hello. Hello. Yesterday was Mexican lady again. Yeah. That sort of was. You know what? You know, I have a lot. It's like a renew station crossing the street. You're really bad. I'm sure you've got a bit already. Yeah, we heard about it. In this station, doesn't tell us anything about it. We're supposed to like pretend it doesn't exist. Yeah. There, like, you're like between you, some more Mexican speaking. That's that Mexican government again. It's a bunch of illegals probably got a pirate station on five, 60. Right. Okay. It takes really good news. You're here a lot of that. You know, back in the day at W. News, we had this also when Castro cranked up one of his stations on seven, 90, no less back in WNWS back in the day. And so what we did is we filed with a FCC and to go from 5,000 to 10,000 months and we got approval pretty quickly. And we went to 10,000 months. And just we overpowered them with a lot of signal. Okay. Now, we could be doing that here at QA. But of course, we're not going to do it. We wrote a lot of the state department and we're upset. And what are we going to do like that? You know, I have a suggestion for management first of all. You can't talk to me. What the hell is that? Stand up to a man. Come put up with him. Spiny little Mexican and then illegal station here on five, 60. Crank this baby. I remember one of the first lies that Greg we told me when we was trying to, when Taisley decided with his outfit with the banjo boy group, and he was going to make a big mistake. Oh, you know, we can go 50,000 watts in the buddy beat, but it would be better. But about that we, uh, five tower array in the Everglades. And yeah, they're going to spend the money to put up the towers to go direction. And go 50,000 watts. On a scale of minus infinity, what we just said the chances that happening are. None. None. None. To much much, much less than none. Zero. Settle. 1,023 votes. Man, it's pretty impressive. How did illegal alien day yesterday affect you? Well, you did all 736, much less traffic under the 74. Spend some extra money just out of spite just to be real far-bissen. 47 didn't go to work 19. I hate this full 17. Didn't open my Venice 12. Didn't go shopping 12. Worst traffic 7. And I must be in homestead. And didn't go to school. None. Out of a thousand and thirty out of ten thirty, WDVZ and Boston. Ten thirty. Radio 103. Tap it a Bruce Bradley show on WDVZ. Here's Dave Maynard and Carl the Susan Jefferson K. John. Well, I was a great station, you know, on. No. Leafs, T-win, the TV, when they were talking about some report from WDVZ in Boston, this punk Jeff Merrick, who's real idiot. He says, oh, here's the story from WBZ in Boston. Now I realize that Canadian say, that a Canadian says dead for the letter Z. And it's, you know, it's a hold over where I guess from the bridge, they just can't help themselves. But anybody who's in the radio business to be saying, WBZ, I mean, come on man, come on Jeff, put up a little new silly person and go water. Just made an idiot. Nice, calm belly boy, listen way. WDVZ, come on. How many two am, hello? I like yesterday, Pilell, Chapa, Cal, help me. Come on. How many two am, hello? Yeah, how are you today? Okay, sir. On the immigration hot day. Yeah. Hey, quick comments. I'm finally solving a more and more upset with our government than the immigrants, the illegal immigrants, and so they had enforced the laws that are in effect. Yeah. I mean, I haven't been for thirty, forty years now. Do you remember the old scam they had there to get some of the people who jumped the old company, won a prize or something, and they come and collect the prize and they arrest them? Well, yesterday, it would have been a perfect day to gather up. Yeah, it would have been legal. Everybody knew that they wouldn't need it, a pretty big net yesterday. Uh, a little net would have been a start at least. Yeah, I'm butterfly men. That's a, that fires me up. I'm good day. Okay. Would gas prices sky high in the wind and the Iraq war inside president WS approval rating is in all time low in two polls. The new CBS poll only 33% approval of Mr. Bush's performance is lowest approval rating yet in that poll. And majority 58% say they disapprove 74% of Americans disapprove of the president's handling of the gas crisis. Thank you, Mr. President. So many, many much for those low gas prices. By the way, you've fashest bastard you, you've best out and go. And six months before Republicans try to hold on to control a Congress in the fall, lessons a new poll shows that President Bush has said that the lowest approval rating of his presidency and majority of voters say they vote for Democrats in November. You said today, Gallup poll taken this past weekend found Bush is appropriating down the 34 points in that poll. Two points under his previous low. He's feeling mighty low. He also received the lowest ratings of his presidency on his handling of the economy. Energy and foreign affairs tying his previous low on Iraq 32% 20, a 20 dose. The poll show Democrats leading 54 to 39% of my registered voters has which part of the imperfect congressional race. How do you like that? 54 to 39 Republicans falling faster than that ball in time square a new year's Eve. That's what Dick Clark said. You know, is this crap? By the way, he's still alive. How do you like that? Yeah, is. So here, footy is returning this week. We end that on yesterday. Yeah, it's big news in radio man. Put his retiring. Anybody interested? Anybody even know who that is? No. 32 of the only, I think, only Ron St. John has been on the or longer and had less impact in the market than the footy. Ron St. John's been on the year 72 years in South Florida, nobody ever heard of him. Except I did the P. At the ball games. Was it the dolphin games he did when he already do the Marlins? I don't think he did the Marlins. Did he Josh? No. Never heard of him. See, there you go. But he's been on here for 110 years in South Florida. Ron St. John on, on, on, on magic. Whatever he's on. I'm, I'm Pills. Oh, look at that. Malvo said to testify against my hammer. No, probably piss off those schmotheads again. Remember Lee Malvo and that John my hammer? The snipers. They were the snipers, baby. Well, that was a big story news. You were the snipers. Yeah. WQ, Q, A, M, hello. Yeah, me, oh. Yes, sir. Uh, my, you missed one of the blame. Where on the pole, my favorite hooker to stay up? Yeah, okay. Yeah. WQ, A, M, hello. Hi. Which effect number? No, whatever it is, you ain't getting it. Was that that was him on it? Oh, yeah. Mm-hmm. Just give us a jingle, okay? Just looking up on our website. It's right there. 560, 560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless line. That was very bad on your part. That was, that was just, contentable. WQ, A, M, hello. Did you go any candidate? Yeah, huh? Yeah, well, well, wait for Thursday. Thursdays is day for medication. WQ, A, M, hello. I especially like the personality too. Put a lot into it. WQ, A, M, hello. It's got to be a little earlier. It's in the basket. WQ, A, M, hello. WQ, A, M, hello. I got to rush. Yeah. I ride. Yeah, totally. I got to go on the work. And wouldn't he, uh, snorted it. It's been 44 votes. Well, I'd say if we do as well in the book, when the book comes out as we're doing on these polls, man, we are kicking some big fan serious smelly, uh, pimple yes. And sputty, they tremendously entertaining that verse programming and putting on the cross-the-street, according to them. Just ask great coaties. So tell you. Man, like I said before, you can, you can try all you like. You can't talk yourself in this success. You can put a pile of dog manure on a table and you can dial it all up, you know? You know how they do it in fancy gourmet restaurants with the desserts. They put the little stuff around the edges. They put a little fan dessert in the middle of the plate on a big plate. And they put the little bit of chocolate and raspberry, uh, you know what I'm talking about? What do they call that? I don't know. But I don't know what you're talking about. But you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Now, you could put a whole bunch of that around that dog manure and you know something? Anybody that walks in within five seconds, oh, it smells like dog manure in here. And the same thing with these guys across the street, man. As weak as we're probably going to be in this book, I effort it for them. Evil horrible things because this Joel Feinberg once very active. We said, we would do anything to hurt them. Except for our buddy Joel Rose, we like Joel. But other than that, we would do anything to punish them, to brutalize them. We still like booster to until he got into Daniela Bassard's pocket with both hands. Here's a fact, has it come to this? Have things gotten so bad that Americans are not fighting for, what is it? Fruit picking and domestic job service? What is happening to the real jobs? The high tech and good service jobs benefits and career advancement. All they all went to India in the year outsourced. People hate the illegals because they're Mexicans. If it was really about Jews, why aren't people voting out all of politicians who have outsourced? What does that, our economy and refused to raise the minimum wage to his aren't highly? What do the Jews got to do with that? What do you think about that comment? That's a plot. What about the Indians, man? This guy, no people don't hate the illegals. In fact, I don't think people hate them in period. I think that they just pissed off because they're illegal. He says they hate the illegals because of Mexicans. No, because they're illegal. We have a system of immigration. It's a country of laws, okay? You don't just pick and choose and decide, well, I'm going to come in and I want this and I want that and I want a better way of life. There's a lot of people want a better way of life. And by the way, not all of them want to come to America. I don't see Indians and Indians and people just sneaking across the Canada US board and going to the US to you? No. I wonder why what that's all of food. Huh? And maybe because the people here have a pretty damn good A. Maybe because things are so bad, maybe because they're not a little like slippers like in Mexico and they're not making babies like cockroaches because they don't pay too much attention to the pope here. They don't even read any pope here. How do you like that? Which is very good choice in our party. 1150 in the Q&A, a pressure was building man. I think we would have a gigantic, oh man. You're going to have to dump it because when that sound comes across, yeah, you'll be able to smell it. That's right. We can dump gigantic. That's what I'm talking about. You know, some Florida's famous where it's trade shows. There are boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, art fairs, galore and more. Now, if you're a trade show exhibited, the one name and gaming need to know is Pubset. Pubset creates the absolute top of the line attention grabbing. Steel customers from the competition trade show displays. Call 9-5-4-77-272-275 right now. And Pubset will give you all set for success. Don't forget now what to come to design. Printing posters, banners, and especially trade show displays. Pubset's been doing a very best for 14 years. 9-5-4-77-272-275 right at down for a year. 7-7-272-272-274. 7-7-272-275 which close one month is number off. Just like I missed that, that's a lot of that day. From design to setup, Pubset can handle all your trade show needs. And rest assured that Pubset will separate you from the competition. Don't look second way. You'll only get one chance to look great. Pubset is the way to do it. Call 9-5-4-772-272-275. Like I said, we're going to PubsetSF.com. For top notch design, trade show graphics. And we're going to have a look at the design. We're going to go to PubsetSF.com. For top notch design, trade show graphics. And displays, Pubset's the smart way to do it. Look for my ugly ass picture under building along this year. I just north of commercial board. And then call Pubset today at 9-5-4-772-772-275. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. When the landlord is pollo para ca. We want the world to be a jerk. We've got your friends. Boom, you man. We're really hot to spend. We have to be a dog. We're coming to America to cuss your own. Say, hurry, you'll be. Say, the watch your car. Time to avoid being with great business. So, a man for the house. And man, no stopping man. I only have to pay two dollars a job. We want the get paid to the dollar. We want to get the money out of the gaming. That our little man wins if it's a shame. Oh, yeah. Come and open the door. You will be torn. And we'll be blown across. And you're at the store. Get a call. And they'll make Erica into our doors. I don't know the phone. So they want the new is locally pok. And your phone. And their office is won't stop in the name. Can you hear me? It's just for the unfair risk to treat. That's quite big. It's going to come in and for you. I'm a partner who ever met my thing. I think I have a pretty good idea. Life partner. Air her life partner. Somebody looks like Matt Lennon all bright. 21 past 11 at 5.60 WDQAM. 1744 votes on a pool. I got some important stuff on here, man, including driver arrested and wrote a raise attack on Jason Taylor. You saw that guy. Are we filming? Yeah. Let's go. What a boy. He looks strange. But speaking of strange, just amazing how we keep going back to the same crux again. Ahmed Chalabey, the man who went provide cooked intelligence on a rack to the Pentagon New York Times, is once again being engaged by the U.S. and policy decisions. I reckon I ran where he gave all of our secrets to Iran. And so now we're going to sign them up again. We might want to cook something up on them. I got all kinds of good stuff. And this story just, this is what they ought to be screaming about. Instead of the Duke and the lacrosse players all of our crap. MSNBC confirms, out at CIA agent, Valerie Plain was working on our ran. And the story that they had last night at NBC News was, or maybe I saw the MSNBC, was that once she was outed, and of course was no longer useful as a CIA agent, that cut off their ability to really be on the inside of the ran or what that was going on. So this is another just floundering around and making all kinds of threats and posturing and it's head of a so on. We're going to nuke it because obviously politics and getting even and smearing and smearing to Wilson was more important than keeping her identity secret. So I'm thinking that all the people involved, and including that anxious Bob Novak, that old bullfrog Bob Novak, they all ought to be on death row, right? People involved in that. And speaking of crux, Sylvia Burlusconi today is that they officially threw in the towel, one of the world's biggest crooks, a real fascist after ever was when he makes Mussolini look like Ted Kennedy. That's how far to the right he is, Sylvia Burlusconi. Fascist, they finally resign, you know, they tried to find other way. He called up Bush to see if they could fix the election and Bush said, sorry, Palicant, help you out. Too late. Catherine Harris has got her own problems. Thousands, 77 votes in that poll man were only seven to ten minutes away from the beginning of, could be the beginning of something good? Remember that song? This could be the start of something big Steve Lawrence and Eady Gorm. Who is this thing that I'm sure I don't have that? Try to find out, no, that's in the 50s. Try to think who once said Eady Gorm on here, I don't know, somebody, probably a Rush Limbaugh. And you could eat it with that or this could be the start of the, this is the end member of the doors, this is the end, my friend. Could be that. I don't know, rock solid. Come any QA and illegal line, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, what's up, Neil? Neil, you know what? I take one of these illegal makes to get immigrants. I work hard and provide to the family any day before an African American that sits on a no created. Okay, great. Okay. Nothing, he's racist to anything like that. I did it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You would take one in other words for what? For like your slave is that it? That's right. That's one of your people by the way, son, like he's from Nick Erraugle. Probably. Go back to Nick Erraugle. Go back with Isabelle de Cassad. To that, Nick Erraugle. I do we actually have anybody. But I know we got that professional Elliott Rodriguez is still on Air Channel 4. He gives me spilties. Remember, of course, then there's always spilties in the way. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, let's speak to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil, I got a great plan. You came and touched on it yesterday. Every one of these people when they apply, if they're going to have a lot of become citizens, the very person they got to do is serve in the draft. I mean, after all, it's time of war. I said send them to Iraq, baby. All the illegal's going to Iraq. Are you going to have to do that? They won't be proud Americans. Let's give them a visa. I'm actually going to send them to Iraq. You got a block, they care. Okay, put them right through on their front lines. Hey, who's up that army? I mean, colonel Paul said we didn't send them up troops. Let's just train these bastards and say, okay, go over there and kick some ass. Okay. They're the bit that got some nice low paying wages. We mean, how about how about instead of picking cotton and griefs and lettuce, how about picking a good fight with someone I'm marriage. My opinion, picking lettuce. I'm a terrorist. That's right. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I think I got it like, you know, I think maybe I have a pinch, never mind that with that effect my shoulder, too. Yes. When I want you to do for that. Wow, much against weight. Take a muscle-relycer or go CAA specialist. You'll see a specialist to do what? To look at your neck to X-ray to make sure that that's what's going on there. What do you mean by that? I didn't say the C word. I see. So no, there's not your, like a real doctor. No, they can X-ray your neck to see if there is indeed a pinch, nerve or inflammation or something like that. Well, what's the C word got to do with that? The chiropractor. Oh, you didn't say that C word. I thought that was a chance or like a to-do. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, why not? Oh, chiropractor. I don't, my brother was a chiropractor. Right here's not mine of that. That's great. Ah, no, that would be the last thing I would do. And I'm just, way to that. I think you had a good idea. Maybe you get some of them, extra stint those, Versailles, Asperons, you know, who? There's nothing like, that's what Joyce told me. There ain't nothing like good aspirin. In fact, the ratings are coming out pretty soon speaking that. 26, past 11 a QAM. Right, though. Oh, man. The pressure is on. Can you just imagine? Uh-oh. Woo. Clarice, poor Clarice, man. He was into this morning. He just ched in tears like Alice and Allison Wonderland. And then Hank Riffin all over his ass because yesterday, Clarice and the beast had a big hang to stay on past nine, ten because he had that big celebrity golf tournament to go to. They had a big and clean with him. They had to like negotiate. They had to bring him a negotiated, equipped clean, peanut, and the gun father. Hey, if you think you have bugs, termites in your home, you better call Riddet Test Control. They're afraid free, termite inspection because now is the time. You know, now is the officially made the tooth. Now's the time to get started tune up your house. Riddet Test Control uses that amazing orange or treatment that kills termites and termites as 100% on contact. They're gone faster than you can say. God help us when the book comes out. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to taint your home like any we've all seen that. Well, that looks so bad. It's an embarrassment. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out or hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health. They treat your home with a amazing orange or a you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for a few days. You'll be running around sniffing all over the place. Mmm, it's a mhaya. It's true if you have a termite problem or thinking might have one starting call, Riddet Test Control right now and nip it in the bud and find out about their amazing orange or treatment that kills termites and termites. 100% on contact. No kidding, no BS. No kidding. Call right now for free inspection. Absolutely no obligation. Call 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. When you call, be sure to tell me a ton. Dreck, totally to call. You can't beat him with a stick. 1-800-447-4348. This is a real rubbish. This is 5-16-16-16. W-I-O-D-O-I-Hate that station. All right. I'm free to get trapped in the grass. But now, you're alone the way. I'm tired over here. I'm free to get trapped in the grass. Don't do it, don't do it. I'm free. People who can't take. I'm free to find it. Don't stop for tonight. But the car's around the side. There's a guy trying to call the ride. I took you away. I'm free. If you feed the woman. I see their corners full of fear. If they feed, if not, they're in trouble. We'll take it, but that's still for me. All right. Don't stop for tonight. But the car's around the side. There's a gas crash all right. 11.3327-0. Thank you again, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. Any second now. Any second, I'm going to bring you in. Bring you my bad pages for the birds. I got my staple out here. I got a hole. I got a remover there, man. Really? I got a big remover. I think the grim remover is going to be a commandy minute. Now, this story, you just faced me with, you know, this was sent to us by you from University of Dive. Okay, both camp are way to the sap known. A pusher relief from. Oh, God. You know what I mentioned at the car's this morning and the response was the sounds of silence. You know what I asked? Yeah. Yeah. The fix is in. That's already pretty much a done deal. The guy that they want on the very least, the annoying, the fingernail on the blackboard sound. We're trying to inflate. Can't understand why we still got those one shares in there between two and four. I just can't wait to see this, you know, the revolving door from two to four. And to show about the aggressive management we got, here's the story that they passed me from down the street where the move cow is. For our county commissioner is finalized in agreement today that makes WIOD, 610, the county's official emergency information radio station during hurricanes. Well, guess what? WIOD. Oh, I hate that stage. You said that. Remember this last Wilma? Uh-huh. And I volunteered to work on the day we know when we really had the big blow. Right. And he said, well, we don't know if we've got to bring anybody in there who can work to board that day. And I mean, I could have done the show on that Monday. It was a Monday. I don't ever forget it. And so the game did today off. Yeah. I could have worked. I mean, there was no hurricane here. We just find some was shining black scrolls around. By the way, we ever seen black scrolls. Sure. Where was that? All over the place. Really? Here North Carolina. I never seen any floor. We got like a whole bunch of black scrolls. Anyway, they 24 hour news stations read a broadcast all of Browards media briefings and emergency announcements during a hurricane that also promote hurricane and emergency preparation events on the air for the county. And exchange the station will be promoted as the officially emergency news outlet in all of Browards hurricane materials such as preparation guides sent to the public. Uh-huh. Because so many people are without electricity after major storm. They'll depend on radio news. The agreement will make the station one the most listened to broadcast outlets. Following a storm, the commission will vote on their agreement if they're meeting today. It's an effect of meeting over there. It's already a done deal. It's not a sign sealed delivered. I didn't like that, huh? So my point I make it is that if we have a hurricane this year that hits out for what I mean, if we, uh, let's hope not, but he will my like situation. I'm not working those days. What's the point? Yeah. When you agree? I don't think any of us should. No, would you just lay out? Would you probably have, you know, a golf game to play in a rain? Something like that because what's the point? We don't want to compete and Brian. Yeah, we sit back. Well, we don't know anything about news and we don't have that's not our alley. And what does that have to do with sports? Anyhow. Oh, Jesus. Remember what I was saying? Is that a piece of any kind of national emergency or local emergency who or canes, uh, terrorist attacks? This would be one of the last days and most people would turn to not because of this show. But because of the fact that what does it have to do with sports? Just like on 9, 11 and there's the squeaky one saying, ah, what would we say about it? We got to talk sports. Why do we want to write that program? What are we going to say about it? While the planes were hitting the world train center, this little silly ass tour was sitting there, uh, squealing crap. And took us like an hour and a half before we finally got the common sense to, you know, put the TV sound audio on there and let public note what that was going on. That, that, that made to me. That was the epitome. When you say sports far with a microphone, I would say irresponsible sports far with a microphone. Even, I bet you even a sports brother, they probably turned on CNN on 9, 11, when you think so. What if he got to talk about it? If they were hanging out in the bar of that, it would be in the day. I would think so. They probably turned on the certainly not news network to see what that was going on as opposed to going like, what are we going to say about it? What a simple demand. Wouldn't a simple idiot. But, you know, he's part of that trumpet there. He, uh, he rubber creeper and, uh, clearance to doing some three ways. And once they're wild of beast kind of piles on. So, anyway, you saw that movie. I don't think you did see the one I was talking about with Rob, uh, low and James Fader. That influence. I think I saw a part of it never, uh, no. Yeah, and it was, it was pretty interesting. Stephanie ending was as usual. No, these in movie, bad ending. Lot of movies. They need to work a lot of flesh. Yeah. Yeah. All you, uh, this brother, something that was Rob, low, Zass, Raccoon. Yeah, and I'm not a big deal, believe me. It's small ass. But, uh, but a lot of, uh, new to me, you'd like that. But, uh, and a good storyline about how Rob, Rob, we never do find out why he's decided to do this. You know what? He's been up in the air. Why he's like decided to invade James Fader's life and, uh, just, just pretty much taken over the whole deal. The best season of the whole movie though, when they're having the reception, James Fader and his fiancee and hers, they're all dressed up in tough cedos and it's a very formal occasion and all these stuffy people out there and the prospective father or laws, they're in a whole family, they got some Ashfahah and Rob, low, sticks in the VCR, a tapy made of James Fader, uh, nailing this brother, he hooked him up with the night before and he's got the video tape. And he just happens to pop right in there. And they're all screaming in the father-in-law's tasset and down the street. You was son of a bitch. Yeah, it's great. Well, he wanted to emancipate him from this style that he was going to get married to. I'm sure he didn't understand that. No. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's a good friend. Woo! Well, I'm looking at the clock boys and girls and it looks like 20 till noon to me, it looks like 1140 in North America and the Eastern Times over in the May, Eastern daylight time. And I don't hear any through shrine, I don't hear any clapping on her, hey, hey, you screaming, I don't hear nothing, you ain't got nothing yet? No, yeah, I ain't seen nothing yet. Oh my god, well we better do the break because when we come back I might have piles here. This is a kneel rod, you're nobody at Woma. This is 5. 16. Two. Eight. Uh, I think it's hard to take. If you're doing great, three hours is going to be quiet. Okay, not the work, baby. Hello. Who? Bell, who you?ifall? You, who is? 7 this is too late. Okay, let me. Didn't I come to head for your number? VELLISHÉ 1150 Louderidge Ladyиляa. 22 20 40 40 30 30 40 40 30 ha. Am I that? Abou Chair? Abou Chair anything., believe me, that's wonder, that's AC for my lady. Gah oh. Yes let me hear that y'all. Happy 5 Monday 3700, bye. mois. Duud. Yeah. New Noel. That one. Okay, so this is not the first thing. This is some other crap now. How is it possible? No. Well, they just now handed me hot off the presses. The 12 plus. You want me to find a finding or they frowning? Are they like, the things and the bivalence? I don't know if you even looked at them. And bivalent. Well, these are 12 plus. Right. Then you two will see. Oh, yeah. I want everything. You're coming. Look. This is the book. And you know what the Lord said? The book tells you that. Yeah. Don't forget, it's not important that we succeed, but that the people we don't like fail. Now, here's the story you just asked me in the false alarm that I thought, here comes the first page. Man, this was exciting. Am I state for a long position here? Karen McDonald, the mother charged with snatching relevant year old son and fling the country told a judge Monday that she appeared her ex. Her gay ex husband was tried to turn their son gay. How do you do that? Well, I think the other way. I remember McDonald's who made this statement when a jury was out of the courtroom during her third day of trial has admitted that she abducted her son from a braward prepsicle in 2001 and fled with him to Costa Rica. And artists not living in Keyway should have ended her actions by alleging that she did so because her ex has been gay lifestyle. The jury was removed from the courtroom as the judge said of what portions of her testimony including details about her ex has been sexual past would be heard by the jury. Later when the jury returned, McDonald's talked about how during her marriage, she suspected he was gay, described how he started wearing tight fitting clothes and looked a little gay. Not very gay, he looked a little gay, you know, like medium-headed. Yeah, I didn't understand how somebody can be straight and then be gay, she said shaking her head. McDonald faces up to five years in prison of convicted, painted herself as a devoted wife of care for her husband. They murdered an 88 and four-laut of an 89, she discovered she was pergling, they divorced in 97. Her was unsuccessful on reaching her husband's lawyer last night. McDonald wearing a crisp blue business suit and her hair pulled back in a dip. In court described for the jury, how her son told her about a man in her father's home cooking pancakes for breakfast while wearing pajamas. At first, her son liked her father's lover Carlos Diaz, but she said that later her son told her that he hated Diaz and Diaz had massaged him on his butt-ox, rectum several times. Oh, no. The allegation became part of the custody battle in the courtroom, guarding for the boy in 2001 recommended that Diaz could not have contact with the boy and yet. One of those stories in the naked city. Okay, here we go 12 plus boys and girls. Here we go. Here is the moment that everybody's been waiting for a lot of people all whipped up their eye. Everybody in the business is sitting at the incident radio right now. The first, the winner book 2006 January, February, March, March, November 1, October, November 3, the fall. Not one of those lines. Oh, we haven't got a chance in this thing. This is the most heaviest ethnic book I have ever seen in my life. Holy cow, no speaking English or key man. Whoa, wow. Holy moly. W, a hot from a 5, 6 up to a 6, 7. Radio on more goes from 5 up to number 2 from a 5.2 share to a 6, 6, CMQ from a 5, 9 up to a 6, 1. Life is fourth. Radio on B even went up with a 5, 1. Holy moly, W, a D, are dropped from first to sixth though. What's that all about? From a 6 out of a 5, 0. Now if you want to go into English language, let's see, power from a 4, 2 down to a 3, 6. Oh, boy. Must be the new consultant. Big 2, 4 to a 3, 2. There you go. Kest 2, 5 to a 2, 9. That's with the new GM over there. Or with no GM. W, O, D. This is the total week when from a 4.0 to a 2.8. But just wait. You think that's bad. W, Q, A, M. And we were weighed down on the third page from a 2.0 to a 1, 4, 12 plus. That's well, 12 plus and our demo, but that's your total 2 promising man. W, I and Z, skirmer, or 1, 9 out of a 1, 2. They didn't find anybody speaking English. It's the, waxy, our buddies across the street from a 1, 1, 1, 1, 1 and a fall. Book to 8. Oh, white 7. We're tied for number 26. And we're tied for number 22 and 12 plus. These numbers are a disgrace. What do I tell you, man? What do I tell you? The end of the universe, so we have been struck by lightning. Holy, moly. And last is W, W, F, E, R, D, O, F, C. What do you say about that? Okay, let's, here's the day parts. Now again, 12 plus means everybody from 12 to 100. For those of the uninitiated, which you've listened to this show for any length of time, you're a radio, and you know more about the ratings than our man's rate. We still might have a, because we educate what? Still for those new listeners. 6 to 10 a.m. Mornings, guys. And that's probably what we did. Number one, hot 105, 8.2 share man up 2 points from the fall. Radio on more. Oh, man. This is hopeless. We ain't got a prayer. We know speaking of our language. Mornings, W, I would D went from a 3.8 12 plus. Out of a 2.7, power 96, we went out of a 27. Where's magic? Are they still on the ear in here? Kiss too far. They stay the same. They're flat. We've never heard their music gets pretty flat. W, Q, I am from a 1.7 from 21st down to a 1.3 12 plus. W, I, N, Z, scare America from a 1 5 down to way. Oh, 0.9 50,000 watts of power. And in morning drive, they're doing a 0.9. Waxy from a 1.2 down to way. Oh, 0.7. So far, they haven't, they haven't cracked a zero in any demo. I mean, this is 12 plus ran for that, but that's right. Now, 10 to 3, this could be really embarrassing. Now, I have a feeling it's going to be. Oh, it's not good. It's not that bad. I just seen it on the corner of my fly. CNQ FM, no speaking in glaze, I.E. 7.2 number 1 up of 6 tenths of a point from the fall. Kick it ass. Kickin' big Hispanic ass. Bloody on more. 1, 4, now they, what the hell, what happened with them, man? They stare plain Louise Miguel Reckers all day. From a 4-8 number 5 to a 6-6, they just, they had either a lot of wire diaries or all of a sudden they caught on. What else? Life? An audio, man B? That's all old, old, who do you those with green teeth? HQT, that's how little 5, of glove 94. Nobody listens to glove 94, they lie. Magic went up in a morning. I was going to make it tear in midday. I don't know what he did in the morning. But this is again, it's 12 plus. Didn't mean anything, Rick. Like I said, put the hat back on. W-I-O-D dropping from a 5.8 to a 3.9. And we drop from a 2.9 to a 2.4 in 12 plus. Oh, oh, never that song by the Edwin Hawkins singers are happy day? Yeah. This one's called O-On Happy Day. I didn't, I predicted them, I've been saying this all along. It was going to be a disaster. It was a disaster. O-On Happy Day, the Edwin Hawkins singers wasn't real. Put your hands together and say a little prayer. Say a big prayer. Say a brothel. Man. Q-B-A-L-C-N-W-I-N-Z-2-2-R-O-1-2 midday. 2-2-1-2-1-2-L-S-L-S-I-H-F-H-2-Pros-O-D-N. Ready for that? And W-I-C from a 0.9 just when you thought they couldn't get in lower. And that's still going to attainment that they're delivering right now to a 0.8. Actually went down a little bit. Of course, they didn't really do a 0.9. You can't go down that much, right? Right. Now, 3-7-0-than-C-H-V-3-7. I don't know how we're going to do. Well, these, this is, in my lifetime. Even in IoT all those years, there's been a long time since I can remember this. 3-7-P-M-Pros-N-12-F-R-O-1-4-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1--1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-roopin-5-9-4-9-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-2-0-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-4-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-3-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1- Nobody's speaking in place in this book. They must have made an adjustment alright, and I mean Maybe they took that I'm a spare character to get that adjustment Well, that's all I got I got the first page of 12 plus 7 a midnight and then all here's the rest of it And that's all they brought you so far. Yeah, yeah Everybody you know what can probably do in their probably committing hairy carry in there or somebody better roll a camera I'm telling you I guarantee they're probably in their all committing group hairy carry or maybe they just dig it up here I agree with that Harry seven a midnight. We don't care about that. I mean I got it here And I'm stapling all these things together with hot 105 radio a more that that's it Those are the only two stations with the the big big story here, man hot 105 and radio a more as ethnic as it gets Do we even show up at night course at janitor? Herb herb herb herb herb marks that's the Martin the Panther book. Oh Now this is got to be a joke. Are we are we on here anywhere to do even list our call letters? Are we are did we sign off the urnite? Oh my god Do you want to know what we got did you look at this? No, I didn't I watch it if put one hand on each side of your scene All right, we grab bucket. Oh, no hang on real tight. You have grabbed that bucket down there to your left in the fall of book 1.5 this is 12 plus in the winter book a 0.4 Even racially this and I with an 0.6 We are second to last they rank 33 stations in here and we're tied for 31st But we're really 30 second at night number 32. Hi, scoen Joe you're doing it baby Good golly miss freaking Molly and of course we have this the invicer rating signal at nobody can you not now Is either one of you have listened because I know neither one of you listen to the radio. That's a nice and proud kid You're first. No, I'm just I know you don't what about your eyes. I do okay now if you heard the Spanish language interference I I I mean it's the signal itself that's the worst thing to me. It's not the The signal sucks. We know that but I'm just asking you you notice the deterioration is it can we you know Sometimes I do sometimes I don't and sometimes it's just as well right Boy I mean we're we're talking about numbers here that are like as close to being off the year when you see a point 4 at night like I said thank God for those Marlins is This portion of the new Rutgers in the year twelve so when hour is Anytime The eleven twelve one two people loved to celebrate number eleven tw сюles of pizza Oh Hey hey! Da da da da! I'm all On minutes almost fight I say it did I night You said this can't be right Way, baby, you're all You heard all my feet deep Now I'm in the mood Deep and way, till may sing All the sack of the floor I know that you can't take no more And I know the lies But all screen I will be killed for sure Baby, da da da da! I know what I mean, I know what I mean I know what I mean, I know what I mean I know that I ain't ever so soon I know you ain't me, so we need no I'm gonna die, da da! I know what I mean, I know what I mean, I can take You want me to die, but then charge up And it's a crime I'm on But all my dumb things Be bloody, no one I'm gonna die, da da! I'm gonna do a bother You're fair, it's probably all one It's five sixty, W.K.U.M. A day that I live in in for me now And that was the end, huh? That was it? Yeah, fairly that's all we're getting What do you mean that's all we're getting? All it's all we've got I don't understand what you just said That's all we're getting Well, I don't know where the rest of the numbers are But they ain't making their way in here Well, how does that possible? Maybe they're being intercepted Being intercepted? Yeah, by the department of homeless security Well, you mean, I don't know I've already said, I've already authorized agents out in the hallway to try to Try to track the numbers down there There was a lot of them, but I was I was saying that that's quick to Pukin out to stuff a long time ago And you and I both though, that's not the way Those numbers come down, man It's like an assembly line, and he pukin And pukin and pukin and pukin Come down as the word Yeah, anyway man, I'd say that number They're at night, that's as close to being off the You're as physically possible A 0.4? Wow Warch Limbaugh declared victory yesterday His long running fight to tourism Name after signing a deal with prosecutors That'll dismiss a prescription fraud charge against him And 18 months of a plan with the terms Slipp on a wrist Under the deal filed yesterday he cannot only gun Must have meant to random drug test And as to continue treatment for his Ignal's addiction to paint killers He's popping him And probably can't talk to Wilma no more either But he did not have to admit go and continues to Proclam his innocence on his radio show He's just a misunderstood guy If says everybody else who gets hooked on drugs Is a slime ball in a piece of crap And oughta be on death row But in his case he had a back problem You know, maybe I can get some of those What the was he popping? Oxies. Oxies. Make some oxies for my shoulder You think that would help? Yeah, it would help. I'd say it wasn't. I'd say it wasn't. A lot of this numbers. Well, well, I know seriously, where is the rest of the book? Look, Miguel came in here to ask to look at My copy of the numbers and I didn't have any And he ran out to find our copy of the numbers And he has not been able to find That's the same. Yeah, I didn't. More give you the number and how much we raised the night sure anything? Oh, I forgot to ask. Oh, something's going to cross my machine now. You listen to it? Yeah, but it's not the numbers. Just some crap. Just some crap, right? So there's another false alarm. That's too like in about 20 minutes. Two false alarms. Oh. Man. Holy. Look at the length of this facts. Yeah, I don't know killing a type for those numbers to show up. It says that everything figures, the government chooses their radio stays due to transmitter and studios are co-located on a damn island the middle of the bay. What happens when the big one comes right in through downtown Miami from the east? WID will be in the north eye wall with the worst winds in storm surge. I was in countrywalk during Andrew and remember seeing the huge concrete power poles being pushed over and the channel 60 tower and a twisted heap in the middle of a grove in South Bay. If I'm not mistaken, I saw report a few years back about the condition of the WID tower and it wasn't pretty. And it's correct. Metal towers that respond well to extreme marine environments that the WID tower is subject to is sitting in. If it were up to me, I would set up something like your situation. You would have the sufficient infrastructure to provide rapid and concise information, but not having to worry about adverse conditions. It amazes me that not one government remembers why the response was so poor in New York and media laughed in the attacks and on 11. The leadership of their looking only for prestige placed all of the rash sets in one place. The main radio transmission set in emergency operations center were both in the WDTC, the World Trade Center. When they lost that they were screwed as we will be trying to get information of their cancerer that I laid out. That's right. See if I could just keep these things on air because I got my cable here. I got my internet to just like I had during Wilma. I could have been on here that day, puking out some pretty important crap, find out about the closings and the coordinates and the this and that. You know, give them people a reason to tune in. But no, because we didn't want to risk anybody's life and lemon having them coming near who we had somebody coming, but the deal was he didn't know how to run the board well enough to put the show on the air. That was the story that was out there ready for that. Okay. I was ready for a rolling and able. But of course being out of touch, I mean, with what I've known about Hurricane Wilma, that's correct. 117 volts on the pole. We don't start getting some more numbers in there with an amount of next to two or three minutes. I pulled that Joe and Clarence locked themselves in Clarence's office with the numbers. Well, I'll say, well, what does that mean? It means just what I said. They locked themselves in some other words. They're not going to give me the numbers. They're the first time in 100 years. And I've been doing this on like 18 different radio stations. I don't think you were anybody else. Well, that you're not telling what that is right now. Oh, we're fine. I think it's unacceptable is what it is. They locked themselves in. Maybe they're doing something in there with the numbers. No, what's some number? 117 volts on a pole. How did illegal alien to affect you? Not at all 841. 72 percent. Not at all like me. Didn't bother my ass. Much less traffic, 196. Spent extra money, 59. Didn't go to work 21. I hate this pole 18. Didn't go shopping 14. Didn't open my business 12. I think it's what I got a bad dosay. Worst traffic than usual nine. And didn't go to school none. None. We'll go for you kids. We don't have any kids anyway. So what's the deal? I'm having up there. Yes? They're making copies as we speak. But the tune ran out of papers. I got a paper. And I got a paper. And I got a paper. And I got a paper. What kind of, oh my god. Even though the old regime and the book looks them up, these numbers will turn out to be 70. I'm like a criminal motive. See, I would have played a fart sound there. But we can't do that no more. No. And we're paying a wicked price for that too, man. I hope you're real happy, Joyce. That you're really like suppressing the audience. I believe you need to get any numbers. Yeah. Which even you're new to do. I'm saying the audience are ability to get any numbers. Yeah. Which even you're new to do. Well, man. Try to tell them that. Try to do a show at our hands. Try to be on your back. Man. Can't play this. We can't say that. We can do it. Why? Because they're incompetent. Because the banjo boy group ink is totally incompetent. And they're scared of their own shadow. And the fact that they're locked in there right now. Why the hell are they making copies? Don't tell me. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Can we get like a spy report? Can we get a like a head out the door there and uh. Yes. I head out. Okay. Stick the head out. You're better. Everybody grabs where you're. You're fair. It's running out in the hall. Get the chalk. I didn't see anybody making copies unless they went down to the uh. They were not going to get the other side. Yeah. This is the biggest production. And they can only post-croll the inevitable so long. You know? Because if they don't want to turn those numbers loose. They're going to get them from someplace else. Now we had to do that one other time. We got to remember what that was we got. But yeah, we'll get them by hooker by cork. So could hold them back. Okay. They must be really bad. If they're like, you know, playing fast and loose. Like the old Kaboos. To train a van in Hubel says apparently when Republicans were urging Americans to get tough on crime, they were doing it to protect us from themselves. Just last week Carl Robyn backed a test of either grand jury for the fifth time. We learned that the FBI's investigating the possible bribe by two defense contracts. It was representative Duke Cunningham and other unnamed lawmakers with free prostitutes. Then there was my old MS. Rush Limbaugh. Like most bullies, Limbaugh still finds it funny to refer to her king Katrina as hurricane, Katrina Vandenhubel is better at thisching out the pain than taking it. He was arrested on Friday in charge of a prescription drug fraud or felony for buying 2,000 paying killers prescribed by four different doctors in a six month period. But all what a difference in arrest makes. And the past rush argued that drug uses ought to be accused and they ought to be convicted. They ought to be sent up. Instead of going to jail, however, Limbaugh accepted the deal. It requires him to pay $30,000 fine. Not third man. And surveyed 10 months of supervised probation that makes sure he continues this treatment for drug addiction. Some are expressed to the free Limbaugh but before anybody writes it, check the lead defense fund. Think about the distraught person who drives the short straw and is stuck supervising the blowhard for 18 months. Talk about a job, no American ones. Maybe some of the illegal can take that job. Superb I'm the rough. They'll do it for you. If you'll share his axes with you. Okay, leave the bag. So what's the story? I got her. There's no story? I'm feeding them into their shoes. Oh, you got to start. Well, it's time to talk about it. She's just carrying her. Who gave it to you? Clairs? Parents, how about any of you? Or he looked like because somebody just stole his perky? Hang on. He didn't look happy. Didn't look happy. Can't imagine why after seeing these 12 plus numbers. And what did I tell you before the show went on here this morning? What did I say to you? Huh? What did I tell him? What did I say to you? Junior program director? What did I say? Yeah. These people think that we just open up the microphone and make some pulsing sounds in the transmitter. And all of a sudden everybody in the world is going to be listening. I realize that this is a very ethically and ethically driven book. There's no question about that. If a diary is fell in a lot of, you know, spowings, pho hands. There's no question about that. But that haven't been said. When you look at those numbers there, man, it's enough to make a grown man cry. Ain't it? Yes it is. Miami dolphins lined back. Jason Taylor was caught on the arm during that week. He had that yesterday. Taylor refused medical treatment issue to stay from temporarily yesterday morning. Where he was participating in that activity golf tournament. They may police give an account of what happened. They said their interview with Taylor. And they got a picture of this. This is what, what, when did this face shift land? Taylor at his wife would grab himself to the intersection of state road E4 and Flamingo Road when he saw a red Ford pickup truck backing up in a wrong direction. Heading directly toward a couple's car. Taylor honked his horn. But the car kept backing up at about 10 MPH. The driver tried to swore for on Taylor's car, forcing the sports star to run off the road in the grass. Both vehicles stopped at southwest 130th Avenue and eight street. Taylor got out of his car. The truck driver also got out in Bangon Taylor's trunk. The other driver was swinging to profanity's threats and racial slurs at Taylor. Now I got news for her. How can, uh, scream racial slurs at Jason Taylor? He's maybe one shade darker than this guy. He's about as light as La not even mocha. Taylor told police that the man grabbed and ripped his shirt and retrieved an unknown metal object from inside his truck and tent to the curtailer with a linebacker stepped away. What was cut as for him? Let me ask you something, Josh. Why would he step away when he just kick his ass? I don't know. I would've, if you could've got a little bit of Taylor man. A big macho guy like that. The ass kicking guy could've picked him up with one hand. The other driver got back into his truck, which was carrying another man in drove away. Taylor followed him and dialed nine more. And one more law's track of the truck somewhere near a trailer. A trailer park in Divey. The detective's later arrested Charles Redmond Burns 25 at his home in BV. He would charge with aggravated batteries, a hate crime, and resisting arrest. Police said Burns punched and kicked the officer and tried to handcuff him. When he tried to kick out the window of the police car, the officer sprayed and twice in the face with pepper spray and it was taken to Brow County jail. Man, classy looking guy. Okay, so you look at these at all? No, no, no, no. You're not having a strong enough stomach to look at. I don't know what I know. What have been delayed if I had stopped to look at them? I just think you don't have enough stomach. I got to do the break. Man 25 to 54 and Lawrence didn't look happy. Oh man. Look at that. Look at that Ron and Paul in the morning man. Oh, this is not the part. It's overall. But that's got they must have kicked ass. Radio big. Four or five up to a six two for big. Overall. Are you ready for that? What's that all about? Let's be that great music. When you think? Sure. Let's be. Is there a six to ten A M thing on this thing before I do the break? Or is this all? I'm a shirt or is it somewhere? I'm just talking about some of my hand. I just want to see what I had in my hand. Believe me, it ain't good. 1213 would be the first time. 1213 at 5. 60 W Q A M. If you love voting just about everybody in South Florida agrees with you. If you ever thought about buying about there's a lot of hassles and bars, stop and think about it. Before you buy, call Club Notico at 1 800 vote rent right now. Why would you want to pay the expenses of vote ownership and go through all the hassle when you can rent one totally hassle free? Join the club Club Notico. Call 1 800 vote rent. You'll be surprised to just how easy it is. No docking costs, no expensive upkeep. No insurance or dare I say it. Hurricane preparation. With the vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress free and affordable too. Call 1 800 vote rent. No getting to vote ready. No patchking around Club Notico does all the work for you. And no cleaning up either afterward. At Club Notico just hop on your vote and go. When you don't pull them to the dock, get off and leave. It's easy. Club Notico call 1 800 vote rent. From unlimited voting, the pay is you go a small boat to your charters. All of these things. It's Club Notico. Call them at 1 800 vote rent. And let Club Notico tailor plan to fit your needs and your budget. Get on the water today by calling Club Notico at 1 800 vote rent. I had the drum roll. Let's save it. This is new Rogers. This is 5. 16. 8. 4. 25. 5. 6. Good afternoon. I'm sorry. I gave you a few stacks of paper that they gave me. Well they give you men 25. 54. 6. 6. 7. 9. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 9. 6. 6. 9. I'm a star in my life, all the new, In bright, my heart, Read the book for you, And with time to head to the house and breath, I wanna go home, When the living is over. You know me, me, me, me, me, me, me. I won't let things run like this, I'll live everywhere without a sign of pain in my heart, If I'm running from me, On those dark graphs, Where I wanna die, I want a dime I'm going to get you all I want a dime I want a dime I want a dime I'm not an annoying human You're the only one who's far We do it all for you And when it's time to head south and pray You're going to go with a living I want a dime I want a dime Why? Hey. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. It's money pass no to Q.A.M. Here to be great, Clienteeer, and he used to be great here at Q.A. Let me just say one thing. I absolutely want a puke. That's all. I want to say. I absolutely want a puke. How do you get those morning numbers or what? I think I've faxed them. No use in that fax. Oh, just now. I'll take a moment to get here. Wow. And when you see who's number one in midday, and if you took a look at it, I did not. In men. WFLC, the coast. Oh, yeah. Of course. All the men were fined to the fall. This is the most screwed up rating book I have ever seen. Somebody ought to go to Arbitron, murder a bunch of people. I think that's the only way we're going to get to the bottom. I'm not saying that we are hardly sucking win, because I would totally let it be for, right? But, I mean, this is just all over the place. I mean, every day part. Kills so people, there you go. I might do it. The coast from 9th and men to number one with a 7.5 or the men. How many wire diaries? How many thousand wire diaries? I'm sure the men. I mean, a break. I think I'd like to listen to that during their construction job. Right. Those Michael Bolton records right. Followed by CM Q. No Speeding Lays and Big. Oh, Big got some kisses too in here in a hot. And we're number five. At least from 10 to three. 10 to two. We might actually have some of our not sure to, but not much. Forget about spend money. Forget about ain't bonus money, because you ain't going to see any. Yeah, though. Full bonus half bonus part bonus little bonus. The honest. So let's see how the other guys did midday. Well, let's see those guys across the street when that great humor there. They went zooming up from a 1.7 or 1.8. They're on the move baby. Oh. And the scare America midday's went from a 2.6 year in a photo of a 1.5. I fell off the face of the globe. If you believe that. After and drive, we got that. We still don't have mornings very interested in seeing that. Mornings. You see, like I told you before, they don't want to see anything. I have to save them. Okay. They wouldn't listen before. They won't listen now. And they're stubborn. They know what all they're going to do. Whatever they want to do. So like I told you, just take the money. Is your machine done. You can. It's not to an end. All right. Let me try this again. Do you come through? Apparently not. Then comes through on this end. Maybe my sheet doesn't want those morning numbers. Maybe maybe it just is like maybe it's boycotting. Maybe it's a bad number boycott. 3 to 7 p.m. and 25 to 54 are coveted target demographic. WQM has dropped from 9th in the previous book with a 3-7 which was pretty weak to a 2.4-19th. Hey, grow that per sheet. It's strong. Oh. Nothing's coming yet. Why? See, before they start looking their chops. And they have to know, you know, with Danle Bastard and Stugon's and at all their heavy hitters. They drop from a 3-1-1-7. This is enough to make sure the kid Rosenberg's cramped steam the hop into Carly Town. So that's how to make me do it. That's right. Let's not worry. What about scare America there in the afternoon? How they doing? Oh, from a 3-5 to a 2-7. And WQM, remember how they were kicking ass in a fall? That's right. Because it was the hurricane Wilma book. Oh, you just made that up as an excuse. They've ran from a 5-9, from number one in the fall with 3-6-9 here. But again, this isn't just so ethnically screwed up. It's just, it doesn't make any sense. It's like these diaries were made out by a bunch of kids with crayons. Number one at night in man WEDR from a 5-pointing to follow a 9-point 4-share at night. They are kicking some serious dark ass. Hot 105, number 2-7-5. Scare America, that's their big numbers at night. The rest of the day, sucked wind. Why is this thing not printing anything out? I don't know. Yep, just late. Oh. We're leaving it over here. Well, nothing's happening on. I'm just telling you that for your benefit you might want to do it again. Alright. Now what's that was I just reading? I was reading those night, read it in a week. 7-7-9. Waxy went up from a 1.5-2-1. What the hell had I done at night? January 3rd or March. What the would they have on at night? Kevin Rogers. Well, they'd probably confuse him with... They'll cut! And we went from a 2-point 1-2-8. Oh, 0.7. I'll tell you what, we've been on a station for almost 8.5 years. And then I've heard a time. I don't recall any rating book. We're in our target demographic. There was any day part that began with a... Oh, huh? No. This is a record breaking book. We are starting to come right down to the level of the competition across the street. We're getting in there with the zeros and one and a two and a, you know, Lawrence to welcome Lawrence to welcome radio. So, our 4-8 there and then, which is a 5-something when you take out the 2-3-R for sure, may not be a gigantic hour, but compared to the rest of the day, we are towering above once again. towering and here comes the effects just started to human-man. That's a shower tower of power and let's go take a shower because I feel unclean. What do you get here? I feel unclean. Huh? You might get three copies of it. No. Three copies of one. That's okay. Just put a whole stack. I got a re-man. I don't get around to try to find a fast paper. In fact, I got more office supplies coming today. I don't know why though. See, and it's how this is going to be my last week. Yeah. I'll take it one thing. The, uh, the loto here, the 649 is 14 million and the super 7 is 35 million on Friday. I'm going to be playing heavily. I'm going to be playing real heavily, you know? Because what really frost me is when you're dealing with people who are just our hard ass, who obviously on the face of it don't know their ass from your elbow, and just give you a big song to dance and try to pass it by and pass it by. And you tell them things and it's like that, that's just our common sense, even a child could see. And they will listen to you. And I love the people in the audience who work for idiots too. But we work for a special brand of idiots. I mean, these people are just like, uh, what do I tell you? It's a spread of animation, man. You're like, helpless and hopeless. Here come those morning numbers. Why did you say the first page was wrong? I don't know because Miguel said that's wrong. Uh, it is. Okay. Well, well, like, let me stop it in time. So no big. Oh, see these are one of the Ron and no old Paul. They're the everybody's got a shot except us. Everybody's got a story somewhere from six quarter one nine one. I have never seen a book with more wired diaries. And of course, that all had to be in the last month in March. How 105 number two with an A five. How do I more continues to astonishing a sound WXDJ? CMQFMA? Now, let's see, where the stations I care about magic three out of two nine. Like I said, where can put the cap back on? He's flat. Old flat top. I would be from a five three out of a two nine. Anybody who's speaking in glazed man, we took it right up to your old earlobe. I'm still looking here. Oh, boy. Well, that's not too bad. Two five down to a two one in the morning. Not great. We'd wrap from a five out of a four eight during the ten to three that is. Right. What was that number again? Two one in the morning. How about Waxy? Two four down to a one six. So I told you, it's not important that we succeed. But that our enemies across the street failed badly. Nice goal and Joel. We some. We do some worse. This is five sixty two eight. Anybody have a heart or a liver? MTV presents prom night life. Yeah, baby. From the ship. Besides. Oh, I love carnations. As much as I love a root canal. To the limo. I've never kissed a guy at Waxy. To the Lace night par forever. As a full tomorrow. All over my dress. And TV's prom night life. And my show. And in my prayer. 1232 at five sixty. Do you have any body out there? Send us a life rat. Please. Yeah. Anybody out there. Can you hear us? Wow. Our shocker. I was going, Joel. You're really doing it, baby. I think this whole deal with what's happened in the last few months. It's been like career ending for all of us. I noticed the human in the morning dropped almost in half. And also in the afternoon precipitously. I can't let that little bit. But nothing really tragic. You know, not a big change. But our drive time is man went. And of course, what can I say? Hank, what we ought to worry about. We'll be on Friday. He's off to the Derby. He's got bigger fish to fry. Go these on tomorrow and on Thursday and on Friday. No. Let's see who I can. We put, how about if we put Lady Martez and Crow in that committee. You know, the little committee of children that run a radio station. How about if we did that? Okay. Yeah. We got Robert, the Beast, Clarence, Crow and Lenny. Things that are around like in the conference room. We have a committee meeting. And then they can pass the recommendations on to Joel and he'll say, Okay. Good idea, boys. 114 votes on our pool of the day. I'm so sorry, man. I'm so sorry that I went at a lot of the day. I missed by one number that 15 million. Could have added years to my life. Yeah. And what did I tell you? You didn't want to listen to me months ago. What did I say to you when his new regime came in there and I said, boy, don't give me a big sound of the answer because what I'm seeing. Don't look good to me. What I'm hearing. Don't sound good to me. Clueless. 1215 votes. How did it legally every day affect you yesterday, huh? Not at all. 869. 71.5%. So much less traffic to 105. 1062. Just out of spite. It's been a lot more than usual. Just to show these back to the singer. These illegals didn't go to work 23. I hate this poll 21. Didn't go shopping for a team. Didn't go open my business 12. Worst traffic than usual nine and didn't go to school. We still got to big. Yeah. I got a headache that is so, you know, just it just started like a few minutes ago. Well, I've had one all day. I've started starting at the top of my sinus cavity and extending all the way down into my like eye sockets, you know, that you're going to stay all the way down to your back. No, no, not that way. Well, it's working as way down. I say, don't you're staying. Yeah. Four seasons are seeing work in my way back through you. What's this fact? You just said me. Oh, this is like your ratings are so bad. Radio stations and God bad ratings. News have a convenient scapegoat. It says in New York, proposed a new arbitron policy that appears to give major boasts to Spanish language stations and the expensive others. Aha. How do you like that? I know what are our 10. In yesterday's winter ratings New York's La Mega shot a 25% from the fall of America's solid number two after light FM with a five points six percent total audience share it. That's in the York where five points six percent of the audience represents a lot of people. Even more noticeable was the fact that I'm more leap pro from 10th place a year ago to fourth yesterday with a whopping 41% year to year gain and a 4.5 share. These new ethnic ratings survey enhancements will provide a better picture of ethnic and non-ethicalisney and reduced bounce set arbitrons Gary Marrins. So referring to often criticized ratings fluctuations from a survey to survey. That Spanish station game will come out of a English language stations consultant build Tanner. You've told the inside radio before arbitrons winter ratings began rolling out nationwide yesterday. Indeed for what and this guy's also supposed to be one of our consultants. Isn't he or is that the history? I don't know. Yeah, but of course keep a mighty consultant in a group of Spanish language stations. That's right. Yeah, he likes those young Mexicans. That's what I heard. Indeed for whatever reason five of the eight remaining top 10 stations saw ratings declines in the winter light FM kiss FM WINS power 105 and 97 Z100 WBLS and WABC were up. Starting last winter arbitron made two major changes to the way classified ethnic family members to agree to a set ratings varies for a week. And now no longer assumes that all members of a household are of the same race. And number two, it tastes greater care to certainly whether a family member is a Spanish primary or English primary language speaker. And ways them of course, they're recording a course on based on each city that they make up. And in other words, they just read the whole way they read. They read jiggered and we figured. Lawson and we got triggered. Yeah. So we're done. But I'd tell you right off any bonuses future. That whole deal. You see you'd have you deal science here. You're right now, but you're such a silly person. Oh, I want to get to the full bonus for the summer. You forget about bonus. Vonish bonus man. You may speak it up right language. But our audience doesn't. That's a problem. Okay. Maybe if you do the show to summer and espanyol, huh? Maybe one maybe Monday and espanyol is. Wait a minute. Laced in and Friday and Sanskrit in Spanish and for else voice. Oh, that's a good idea. Good format. Ha ha ha ha. So what's the scuddle about? What's going on around that building, huh? Oh, you know how it is when the numbers come out. You don't see people. They they retire into little corners to mall and use. Did you say retire? I think someone am I too. Okay. Like our junior program director, things that he's a radio may even. Okay. Not a bad guy. Nothing personal. But he hasn't got a clue man. He thinks he can do it. But it was boyfriend. And when a general man says, you know, while mold last two months he had a one share. And this is before any ethnic change around. And a one share in between two and four. Do do do do do do. Which we never dream we could get number that low. So, you know, we figure well, there's no hurry to replace it because we can't go any lower than that. That's really aggressive good management the way I look at it. Let's just keep put fumbling along and fumbling along and had no consistency, which of course, consistency is a bywardness business and in the television business. There's a comfort zone. Even with people are all that good like Ralph Redneck, what it all he is he was on TV. Because people were used to watching him on the news at six o'clock. Am I right about that? You bet you're sweet ass. I think you're worth worth it. And what we got is inconsistent. You know, yesterday Hank got wants to be about early. We're going to put on a tape. We're going to put on Orlando. We're going to put on the beast for ten minutes. We don't know even we don't know who nails on here on a station. I got the schedule here for me and Thursday and I'm warning TVD Friday TVD. TVD to put on your TVDs and bring it extra pair because you'll need him. I don't know what that means, but that's what it says. A day that will live in infamy. So you know, we can sing a song at a dance about the screwed up arbitron all that. But when you've been doing it as long as some of us old forests have been doing it, you can feel it. You can smell it. Did that tell you I could smell it? Oh, yeah. Oh, it's like, oh, man. Like a stench. It's the mad dog would say. He says the better than anybody else. Why not? I'll show you. I'll try to one up. Where the hell is it? Under there. Oh, it's right. That's right over here. The dead chavelmanor covers over this performance. Terrible. Twenty-two one and five sixty WKM. We got both of they kid both camp where I'm sure he'll be analyzing the NFL draft and our ratings and, you know, everything. Mad dog at the AAA are we to get ready for game five and he eaten the bulls. Four to six thirty with a mad dog. Two and a half hours. They're paid him 15 million a year and all he can get out of his ass is two and a half hours. Marlon's on deck at six thirty. Marlon's in the fully seven or five fall by the highly rated. Yeah. Or any K. You know, any such a good guy. But what are you going to do? Well, that was the panthers, you know. Panthers are certainly a tremendous asset to this radio station. Anybody else want to create a panther game next season? No. How about picking up the Marlon games this season? No. I'll come on. Be a sport. Literally. And isn't it interesting? As badly as we fell. And I mean we fell. We took a flop on our arse. And across the street, man. Just when it thought they couldn't get any lower. But I've been. They've been on the road. Even though they were coming, they're in the same drive after noon drive, they took a dive. Even longer. Greg Lewis and his never took a dive like that. Am I right? Oh, I've never watched him. So great. Who's saying this? Right. 1242, 1801, a QMU, a Bing outdoors, a lot in South Florida means you really need comfortable shoes to take your career, your feet. And the only place to get the top book here is a brandy shoes and Palmetau Beach. Because brandy's make sure you get a perfect fit every 10. And the carry all the top names that you love. They carry floor shine. Echo, muffist, or rock, port, hush puppies, new balans. All the other top name brands in all sizes, for men and women, and they even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. In fact, brand issues, which have been raven about for years is the largest independent true retailer in all South Florida. And when you go there and see the selection and value and service you get to brand these, you'll understand why. In fact, when you go to brand these, stop it and see our friend Arnie Hummach, sure you get the right of getting shoes for your feet. The style that you want, and of course, always at the right price, too. Unlike those department stores, where you wait forever for it seems like all day to get weighted on, and then finally, you pick out the shoes you like. Sorry, Mr. Don't have that in your size, get lost. The only thing they do at brand these issues, soon after worry about size selection service, or like I said, price they're unbeatable. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1219 or federal highway in Pobbito, beats are between Atlantic and Copa down the East Side, can't miss it open every day, Monday through Saturday, till the end, and Sunday's still five. And this week again, that rock-pour sale continues. A great time to buy rock-pour-sid brand. You save 10 to 20 bucks to pair on all great men's rock-pour style. So be sure to get your fan ass in the brand these this week or do your shoe shopping online and the brandies shoes.com. This is new rock-pour! This is 562AZ. Look at that. Attention, individuals. I am Elzarkity leader of Elcat. So in your way of life, we'll be spitting up like a football on the neuron. I will bury you all in the cat box of history in God's willing. I will not rest for 75% of the day until the fabric of your society is shredded like the arm of the sofa. As you stand at the top of his dance, know that I will be weaving around your feet until you plumber to your bed. Did you not see the decay-macheded rod in that left and your first suit? As a warning of what will befall you if you do not meet my demands. For I demand you can meet the release of some frisky smurf. I'm talking about this savory current kind, not that nasty dry craft you have been warned. Okay, Governor yourselves accordingly. 1246 if you have 1401. So I'm looking at these numbers. Now I don't even think I mentioned this. In midday, men 2554. Wild, remember that had that big Yulma driven fallbook with a 7.9 and a number one? That's right. Well, they dropped from number one to number eight. We had a 4.8. They had a 3.9. So we kicked their ass and he could put it in. Does anybody really believe that? No. No, anybody all of a sudden turned rush off and turned whatever else there was. Of course not. So on a one hand, there's certainly a very strong focus element to this. But you would also prove that beyond the shadow of a doubt over this new system now, you're not going to be able to afford to put sluck on a 24-7 and get away with it. Even our lawyer listeners, you know, even when they wire our die, or even when they're trying to do a number for us, they're up against it, man. They're up against the no-speaketing lace crowd to hold ethnic crowd because, but how does that figure with the coast? And how does that figure with big with Ron and Old Paul? Every dog. What did they say? Where did they ever know? But where did they ever get off with a number like this with a 9-1 in a morning, the number one in men in a morning? Eliminate. Paul and Ron process of elimination. Using old steel material from us and everybody else, the limit of the act. I think elimination is the word. I think in the coast is number one in midday. The coast, do you know any? No. I don't know any straight male that was in straight. The frigate about straight. I don't know any gay males who listen to the coast. Well, you speak for them. Well, okay. You can speak to the straight guys and Josh can speak for a Zach. Cut it out. It's a Josh A2 happy. He was coming on the big bonus in his new contract, you know, well, forget about it. Just better stick with me, Mr. Okay, and hope that I'm in a good mood and say to one of them, just every now and then. Not more than than now. Oh, yeah. Because we are, what have I been screaming about? I'm not some kind of a moron about this going now with the Titanic. Haven't I been saying that over and over again for last three, four months now? You can feel it, man. When the water's up to your, your lobes, you say, hey, there's something wrong going over here. You say, I'm dying out the hair. Right. And these people, we got these glad-hanging clowns. We got one enjoying our hair. Everybody happy? You like me? How am I doing? I'll tell you how you doing. I can't play that sound anymore. From the very get-go from that very first phone call, right up until this day, man. It's the same old song. I'm gonna play that, single song. You got it for tops? Yeah. The single song, but the aroma, man, is just, you know, so all we can do like I keep telling we'll do the best we can. It's all coming here every day to try to do an award-winning video for you. And if you like it, fine. If not, get out of here. Go listen to, uh, radio, I'm more. Go listen to Sun City at cruise records. And what's really suspicious to me, is book is, looks like all the team channel stations got it. There it is, that's where do you have it? The same old song. That's what you're talking to. That's enough. Look at all the team channel stations, the coast and big and hot. All, no, no, that's, I'm sorry, coast and hot, that's, uh, cox stations, cox, cox, hox. I'd like I said, the team channel, I'm cox, they got all the diaries. So it looks like to me, EDR. There's another cox station. I think Mike Disney and a drunk and supermust install all the diaries. Or maybe bottom. Come on now. Don't be picking on your old buddy. He just, he thought you were real piece of theory. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Okay. Go have another belt, Mike. Last. Or maybe they just got lucky. And I'd like you to say to me, do what he has it's day. That could be it. I don't buy that coast number at all at all. That, who the hell would? Who the hell would from a 3.7, which sounds about right to me, 9th, you know, kind of like down here in the, toward the middle of the pack. To number one with a 7.5 more than double, more than double your audience from the fall of the wintertime. And don't tell me that they have a bunch of ethics listening to the coast. Your people, sure, is how I listen to the current, I coast in it. No, either years. No, that's for damn sure. Neither is anybody's, you know, whatever group you fall into, even if the Jews, the golem, they're not listening to it. The atheist, we're sure not listening to it. Coast my ass. Right along this game, Bay knocked at Am Tower down. That's what I say. And anyway. You can argue about the sampling and about this, that is very suspect, but the fact that a matter remains man. And we got some real serious face to fry. And these people seem like they're frozen man, like they're in suspended animation, like they can't move, like they're paralyzed, you know? And I just said that this morning again. Nothing is happening except the course, which sounds real good to that Spanish language interference there on the radio when you drive it down 4-4-1-1. Man, I mean, I'd be gripping my radio. I'd be cranking it up. I'd be driving around with my windows down just where everybody else could hear it. Wouldn't you? Oh yeah, I do all the time. No, you don't. Oh yeah, that's right. And you ought to, man, and you give us an intelligence report aside from Josh there, we're saying, well, sometimes this is, yeah, she's just, you know, he's just a one of the McKinney waves too big. He's a free-to-use gunner. What are you talking about? I told you, sometimes I hear the Spanish stations, sometimes I don't. Yeah. And sometimes it's just as well. Sometimes you feel like a nut. Yeah, sometimes you feel like you work for one. Welcome to BBGI, Vanjo Boy Group Inc. Okay? It is absolutely shocking is what it is. So in other words, these people are going into hiding now. Oh, I don't know. I'm not leaving the studio here. I'm Chris Matthews, hardball last night. MSNBC correspondent David Schuster confirmed what Ross Story website first reported in February that out at CIA officer Valerie Plain Wilson was working on Iran that the time she was outed. According to current and former intelligence officials, Plain Wilson had worked on the climateist, the climateist, and side of the CIA in the Directorate of Operations, the non-efficient cover officer, NOC, was part of an operation tracking distribution and acquisition of weapons of mass destruction technology to and from Iran. And of course, once they outed her as a political smear and smear to Joe Wilson because they didn't like that off-ed piece when he said everybody that were lying about Iraq and Niger, Niger. For the first time since Bush administration officials revealed her undercover identity in Runda career, former CIA operative Valerie Wilson and company driver has been Joe Stiff in front of the TV cameras and their right carpet appearance Saturday night at the White House correspondent center couldn't have come in a more dramatic moment in the CIA leak investigation. In fact, if it is, I'm not going to read the whole thing, but since they outed her, they have basically lost contact. They don't know what else going on over there. How do you like that? Uh-huh. Nice job there, W.A., in fact, I see a tremendous similarity between W and R.E. leadership here at QA and Motu. Well, that's an indictment. Well, like I said, instead of unsealed in them, and at that, we'd have to wait for pet Fitzgerald or even very Fitzgerald. And if that doesn't trust you, I said, how about this? I mentioned this before. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. It's not just that. Yeah. Pint this. And see now you got me all whipped up. As if there's if these people already care about it, and this now after all at an hour of caring out of about these numbers and about them about this, the mismanagement pageant. My my my my nostrils are flaring. My head feels like you know I got my in fact, I just shaved it the other night. Oh yeah. And so I got like the real short do now. And I can put my head like my head feels like it's on fire like it's. But I think that's the thing. It's like that. Because these people are killers man. These people are butchers. They've taken his radio station and they've spliced it. You know they're wrong. Popeal vachomatic. What is, like, all the veggies in like little. That's what they're doing. Man, they're slicing and dicing. It's like, baby. Slicing and dicing. And it's new guy. Man, I don't know who the hell's going to slap him on the side of the head and wake his ass out. Man, you better wake up and sell the smell. The alylox. You're right. Because you're right on with. You're in Lala land. You lost. And of course they're probably saying, wow, we beat vachs again. I wouldn't surprise me at least. No one ever worth their ass is that. Just wait till the offense start again. You know, it seems to me that they got to the offense over here. Right. So what's our, we got to Marlins though. Oh, hey. The six and 17 Marlins who couldn't win a fixed game. Here's a fact. This is why do I have to watch you and broadcast New Orleans hurricane plans. Well, pepper, pies, who cares? Well, guess what? I don't know about your cable name. My keep going against like a thousand channels. Don't watch CNN. Can't approach. We could see in an intense storm. I'll see. There it on there. Oh, that's right. We don't want to hear Mrs. Limball. Okay. She's probably online with Wilma right now. Now that Rush got off on this deal. Come on. Let's give me some oxies. What do you say? For crews. It'll be mission accomplished. Oh, my god. MSNBC said, of course. That cruisier. I said, this is what we're going to do. Hit these bansons to the cruise missile. What are you saying? All right. Of course it'll have to be okay. Miss Holden never less. I've seen a few of those. Prop 57 at 560 WQM. In fact, what when they exploded, it's dangerous. Lots better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long. How about getting an instant $200 cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner? A five-star edition of the carrier and finally system. And the main thing is even better. You can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heat, or they've been taking great care of track County area families for three long, excruciating generations. As a carrier factory authorized, you'd have Royce guarantees you're 100% satisfaction, and that guarantee is back by carrier that people invented air conditioning and have now come up with a carrier infinity system. This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check, and then adjusted self-remeasurement efficiency every single day of your life. And the main thing next to them is efficiency on your corridor, Commissioner, the scrub thing you have to do is, join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. Here's how that deal works twice a year. They come to your home and inspect into an upper system. If you ever had any kind of a problem with your AC, you'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% of the time. 10% off and you need repairs too. All of us, all of these things. All of these things. We're just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with pure on or peace of mind, all year long with a comfort club either way, make the smart choice to keep cool in the calm, the summer and all year round, make the Royce choice. Royce Air and Heat, column toll free, 1-800-3770-070-5, tell them that old Neil who used to be spectacular, told you to call Royce Air and Heat 1-800-3770-075. This is Neil Roger's. Oh, yes. This is 5-62-8-8-8. We have, just got the round. Royce, I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all women with pain and lift her in the pool. I listen to the Neil Roger's one or two. Oh, yeah, I mean, I listen to the Neil Roger's. I hear an balanced one or two hours. Who are the boys? Who is who, Radio 5-16? Who do you feel, Ahead? And do you, God, have, trying to mow, or do you, or do you, have to win? No, no, I just need somebody, it's so me. Who are you, what's going to be on the show tonight? None other than a prince of mine, when he mows down. No, no, he's six-six-low. Can I borrow my boba? Oh, wow, blah, blah, blah. What's the boba? The boba is a ho, a da da. Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my. What's the, my, oh, my. Yeah, and I got one of the top of the, yeah. Because it's a classic, I don't think so. I would, a, a, a scale, with things I'm big and poor. I think it's a, well, the boy on those, the boy in the money, huh? You can see it on the, I look, you watch it. I will be, I will be, I will be. I'll be, I will be. I'll be, I'll be, I'll be. Wow, you are big and strong. Yeah, I'm a, I'm big and strong as a new. I watch out, I'm like, and then I run and just you go to space, cutla, plus in the same house. You actually got yourota, so you don't need a roof. The room I'm on, but it's just CEO because he's expensive. They said so. Myzel, you're giving me a full So the best we got the money we got. when I want that going to be probably on a Friday maybe Monday. All right. Probably we'll see him at all if probably try to hide those two that put him in the dumpster. If I was them I wouldn't let any more numbers out because they're just, you know, they're shown their two colors. 268 votes on the poll over. If you can ask on that that's the important thing. We don't have one single call on the phone now and that's because we wouldn't rambling up for like an hour and 15 minutes. Good. On his rating thing and we're dying over here. Yeah. Like I said, they still are Bristol getting paid. Could be worse. Right. Could be out on the street. Could be out picketing. You know, like the early aliens. Picketing lettuce. Mike Schuer, who had the C.I. has been law and university years. It's told Australian Broadcasting's company for corners. This is according to the raw story again. Great website. The US president George Bush turned out a chance to kill Abu Musaab Al-Zarqawi, believed to be leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq. He says a plan to destroy Zarqawi's 20 camp in Kurdistan was abandoned for diplomatic reasons. The reasons he intelligence service got for not shooting Zarqawi was simply that the president and the national security council was saying it was more important not to give the Europeans the impression we were gunslingers he said. Right. Mr. Bush had Mr. Zarqawi in his sights for almost every day for a year before the invasion of Iraq. And didn't shoot because they were winding and dying with French and they're never to get them to assist us in the invasion of Iraq. That worked out really well, didn't it? So, maybe those freedom fries? Oh yeah. WDQAM, hello. Hey, how are you doing? OK, sir. Do you think there are maybe some of those ratings that changed so much that they do to all the sternalists here? Have to listen to something else? Maybe a few of them stick around? I don't understand what that means. Oh, when I stood him one on the side of the side where I'd ready on January, you know, the people that won't pay at listening to something else like that's why I was to roll him on. OK. You following that? No, it was hoping you would explain it to me. Actually, he said the sternalisters don't want to pay for serious. Yeah. And I was most at must-be Spanish. Yeah, that's it. Now what it is? I don't see any infected run and Paul, obviously, no, he didn't have a point in that. Yeah, in the morning. They went by the default. I mean, who else is doing a video? Well, that's what he's saying. That's what he's saying. They had to go somewhere and so they went to run and Paul, which is really a pretty safe commentary about morning radio and this market. In fact, the comments about already on this market are all pretty sad. But I mean, I haven't been saying for a very long, I don't want to sound like, you know, why? Because I'm getting paid a lot of money, you know? And compared to the rest of this joint, we didn't do that bad. We didn't do that bad. We didn't do that bad. We were five when it's extrapolated. Thought a number of amageats to number of the rest of they would have killed four. We did more than morning and afternoon drive combined, which it would, which doesn't please me. It's not an ego thing because that cost us money, right? But, you know, if you're going to have a morning guy on air, have money every day, or at least most of the time. And when I'm saying, I mean, like with me, I've got the summer schedule I had for years, but we know you're on Monday Wednesday and Friday and the summer I'm on Tuesday and Thursday. If you already said it's what to expect, if they hate you like toys, maybe they won't listen. If they hate me like toys, if they and it's both of them, that's still listen. They can do whatever else. But we just all over the place. We've got basically a hard pod. Welcome to a hard pod to radio. It's a new format, HPE, a hard pod. We got a little bit of this over here, the little bit of this, so it ended. We got to be valving door to the floor. We got like, well, this is not the way to program a radio station. I started to say before me, before you went erupted me while we were out for a redneck. Oh yeah. I ended up in myself, you know, my consistency. People want some consistency. They want like renewing, man. He was on there for a long time in the morning and boy they sure ruled the day that they took his ass off there when I would even they. Yeah, they did. After they did that day, they didn't know what they'll do to get the audience back. And quite frankly, they never did. Same with a lot of other people. But on the end, just like when Greg Reid tried to stick to show on from nine to one, that's your work to be well, didn't it? Or when Disney tried to stick to show on a nine, 30 in the morning to try to get a little blood or a little more blood out of the rock. The people who manage in this business man, I wouldn't give you a dime and Dick Caspor, rest in peace. He was a genius. But for the most part, these people would know a radio. If you shove my old Zineeth, a white big, white radio, deep inside their colon, they just don't get it. And this guy we got, now he may be the nicest guy that ever came down the pipe, corny or all you reports never, never laid eyes on him. He may be as nice as could be. I'm not interested in nice. And all Leo D'Roscher once said, what? Nice guy's finished. Last. That's what he said. Leo D'Lip. Not a question of who's the nicest or who's the best like to this. It's a question about how somebody was some or how does it's going to come in or do something? Get off the dime, baby. Get off the dime. One's in twos in man, I'm going to do it on a station that was once upon a time dominant. And I'm going to tell you, I totally this before. Two springs ago, whatever year it would with two the spring of 2004, would it have been right? Okay. When we had Moe any early morning. Do do do do do do do. Yeah, even Moe, that's right. He never had numbers like these. His numbers were stellar compared to this. And we had Joe Rosen there. And then me and then the mad dog, a tube, two, well whatever. What was Moe, he doing at that time. And then Hank was after a mad dog. Mad dog was doing two to four and Hank was doing four to seven at that. And we had a great book. And we were kicking ass man. But don't leave it alone. Don't be happy that we're kicking ass. Mess with success. If management's favorite line man, mess with success. If it ain't broke, fix it. Mess with it. We did a week ago. I know that it's squeezing. Like a big zitt man, squeezing until everything just burst out. And that's what they did. Premier Shelby Oberlos Schoeniam, mentioned as before, the longest serving Premier and post were Italy. And our major fashion, 10 is resignation today, paving the way for a center left yard met led by Romano Prodi. Who's been promised to be for he goes away in and he comes back and then Verlos Schoeniam will go away and then he'll come back. President Carlos Aselio Chompi, asked for a little scoenia, your man on his care take her. The president's or Chris said, he had still refused to concede because he lost his lies to let him be fine. And they said, I guess they finally had to make with Alfred couldn't refuse. But I think we'll take you to call the only. And let me say it again. We were such a town is Corrioni. And it's pretty much what you saw was what you get. Remember I told you I saw that document, we're on it. I'm right. One of those channels, a year or something like that. Bye, I repeat. Pretty interesting crap. 1279's holds on the pole. We're going to over 1,300. We ought to be real excited about that. And I'm a girl never gave you a number on that. That's the best of things. I keep forgetting to ask. But you recall when I told you just how bad that was clapping. I said, well, we got some real problems here, man. Right. You could feel it. Oh, I could smell it. I could feel it. I could. I could. Oh, I can feel it. I could. I could feel it. I could. I could. Hmm, so a red cell narrowed around me on the second point of the bank, I take out these back for thericular counsellor doesn't mean to walk between the code on a street line of the same store at Utah Vishwaxa company. A bit scary if I look at two people. It's also an inversion and process. مت static. surface%. I go on a trip toiles. for the banjo boy group incorporated. Oh, how perfect should I dig it over there? Oh, they might get sued by the banjo boy though. Not too happy about being comparatively clumped. 10 minutes after one a QA and we got bow today. Oh, man. Give your earlobes a rest. Here those ear drums a nice rest because bow at least bow. I mean, you know, kind of dull. But at least he talks in a lower register as opposed to that piercing sound. That's a lot of the old times for a 10s remember Billy Pierce a great left hander or pitch for the white socks Billy Pierce. Let's put his voice on here. Those piercing sounds that you love to hate. I'm going to play that when we come back. That sounds. In fact, now it's nine sounds. All right. Here they are. Hey, if you love voting, that's a given for most people in South Florida. That's why a lot of people come to Florida. If you ever thought about buying a vote, stop saving yourself a lot of money and a lot of grief called TUBNATICO at 1 800 vote rent right now. Why would you want to pay the expensive vote on a ship and go through all the sound of the dance when you can rent one totally hassle free? Join the club club notico. Call 1 800 vote rent. You'll be amazed just how easy it is. No docking costs. No expensive upkeep. No insurance or there is think about it. No hurricane preparation. With a vote from club notico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable too. Call 1 800 vote rent. No getting the vote ready. Club notico does all the work for you. And no cleaning up either because they take care that too. A club notico just hop on your vote. Go have a great time when you don't pull out of the dock it off and leave. It's that simple. That's all you have to do. Club notico, call him at 1 800 vote rent for unlimited voting. From unlimited voting, the pay as you go small votes to your chargers. It's club notico. Call 1 800 vote rent and let come notico Taylor plan to fit your needs and your budget. 1 800 vote rent. Call him today and get yourself on a water right away from club notico. This is New Rogers. This is 5 62 8 You got out. Where the fuck is? You're fair. What the fuck? You got a call here. The number one rated in there and no holiday day minute is owned in there. We used to call it in my aspirations. Oh, I don't even know how you have children. They're a mom alone. I want your take on J. Peeberg. Oh, J. Peeberg is a great call that I can a good you. I like J. Peeberg. Well, not the mention he's got extraordinarily smooth the toxins. Oh yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, thank you. Oh, no, wait a minute. Go go. What I have nothing else to say. Oh, about this. I was the way the down there in the mirror mouth. I'm right down the street some you. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, I bought a waste. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over to break. How's that? Ah, I'll give you one of my all poems, so that's not my thing. Wait. Sweet. That works the only color we have. Med conclude I know there's growing again. Oh, that's not going to be soない. Oh, that's not going to be. Oh, that's not going to be that way. 하 riktos and action bass!pir around thoseNON teeth and holes. and sinner my heart. I wonder if youimes love them that fear a little oxid I found coming up here. I don't care, don't fear that I hear shoes on me, that black n PLAYS justράps! I don't think they're any I got a group of ID programs to just in for two to four. TM. TM. Transmitter maintenance. Oh, I see. And I'm 18 to QM. Look at all these people in these people in Dave County that we just showed me four of it. All the Mexican flags. What was that? And all the straw hats? I don't know how to handle it. I'm an MSNBC at the MS. I'll just show them more of this. Look at that. I'm escaping that have had their wages depressed tremendously by the influx of illegal workers into the labor market. You go, man. It's a better wage for that particular person. But the impact is the whole is to drive wages down. There you go. Just like everybody, Lou Dames said, you're hero. Speaking of radio, a craft, serious just announced this first quarter fiscal numbers for 2006, we're feeling that the setcassage losses more than doubled. Primarily, because it was stuck play out to Howard Spurham. The company paid out $225 million in stock of the Accombatization Disturbance Part of his deal, all together, $284.6 million in stock of radio compensation was paid out in the first quarter. The net loss for serious is quarter one was $450 and a half million as opposed to the first quarter of last year when they lost over 93 and a half million. However, revenue is also sold in increase, also to the stern to the $226 and a half million. Up now, 192 percent from last year's 43.2 million. So subscribers are up wherever it was up and they're losing their ass. Subscriptions continue to climb with serious cross to 4 million mark with 4 million, 77,000 subscribers now on board for serious. We have the XM numbers the other day. They got more subscribers, they're also losing their ass. Another serious news, a complaint has been formally filed with the FCC over the companies receivers, which can transmit at low-level frequencies to frequencies at the very beginning of the N of the FM dial. Radio World reports that communication general corp has complained to the FCC, specifically about serious incorporating 87.7 and 87.9 megahertz in the International Radiator Many transmitters built in a many a serious satellite receivers. They've been recently reported these serious signals overlapping with local stations and listeners hearing serious programming such as Howard Stern instead of NPR or Christian station. That's a real hoot. They're turning into here. They're Christian radio. They're inspirational prayer for the N specific here in Howard talking about the big boobs. And maybe throw it in the occasional FRS H bomb. That would deal. I love it. Come on, 1996. So I was probably going to take some closer because I've been rambling and just just carrying on like a maniac here for like an hour and a half feels like 10 hours. My neck is killing me. Man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 16, even rising in a singular wireless line. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil. Neil, Neil, young. So you haven't been meeting? What are you? No, it sounds like an idiot. Woody was. 5, 6, he called once and we let him go on. And he actually got something to say for you. He was going to all of a sudden, he thinks it's going to be coming right here. Get what? What are you trying to say, Woody? I have no idea. We know that. We don't even know the whole audience knows that. We may be on Death Store, but we're not that desperate yet. Well, let you know. We'll say to your telegram. WM, hello. Neil. Neil, you're a ton of booster ratings, sir. Hey, Neil, two things real quick. One of the things is, why can they play best of Neil for the four nights? No, no, forget about that. Come on, Neil, what is? And when I'm driving the streets, I drive all day. All I see is, I get a special mail and also my wife, thinking like 80 soon. I get the little to the call. I'm a deal with you. You don't have to be here, yeah. Okay. Nice nice voice, Disney. That's fine. Well, that was him. Did you recognize it? I've just told you about the bulbous red nose. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've arisen and sing it around the light. It's 82 along the coast. Yeah. No question about them, man. I would say they're doing probably an 82-share. WQAM, hello. Sounds like you're patting your right. Yeah, right. Sounds like pat this. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. I'll say one thing about these protests. You know, since push-talk office, they screwed up American workers that tried to take care of overtime. They tried to take away our healthcare. They want to cut Social Security, Ben Rond, and companies go and need to clear their baked up sea, and they would raise their pensions. We're not doing anything about it. We're just sitting around watching American Idol and football games. And these people get up to protest. You got, I see. So I was the, yeah, you got a point there. That's true. But they had a piece of, even the workers in Europe, I mean, they're doing some models to hurt them. They got up out there asking me, well, not their industries. And so water can. Yeah. Right, sure. That's the point. Although if these people were so smart, they wouldn't be out there protesting legal back in the hiding again. Wait until they come out with a butterfly, and then we'll see how brave they are. 567.0.560. Pound 560, they've arrived in singular, wireless line. One word, keep in mind, illegal aliens. That's one word. Keep it in mind. Okay. Not immigrants. Immigrants are people who came in accord of the system, according to the law, accord of the process. Wait it in the line. Just like my grandparents and both sides, it came into Ellis Island. They waited online. They, you know, whatever passed the test to look at the test, they said, we're working on Pound 560. And the castle horse net was in. They look up your butt with a flashlight. That's right. Just like side of them, they're all in pictures. They're looking at his mouth when that flashlight looking for, and that's where the weapons were. But now that's why they kept looking so long. See if he had the weapons in his throat. WCQAM. Hello. Immigrants. Yes, sir. At least they're working. They're not in Liberty City hanging out at the corner on top of a, uh, okay. Great. We got to do it first time. Okay, smart. WCQAM. Hello. You know, you're so full of heat. Yeah, oh, okay. There we go. I see. I knew it just a matter of time. And you're spouting that atheism when you don't believe in God. But you guys get back to business or what is it? You've got to probably ward out. God. Maybe this is the intervention. You know what it is? Yeah. I think you have the mission part. WCQAM. Hello. QAM. I got to, I got to sit there and how you can improve those numbers. Yeah. Give away my intake. Yeah, okay. No, do it. Uh-huh. There's a guy there to get to look. He got left out of the circle. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line. We couldn't if we paid you to take him. We didn't give away my heart when it took. It's how he liked that. We could sure get some female colors though that way. Couldn't we? Oh, you given something away with me here. Oh, yeah. Don't say yeah. Uh-huh. Good loss. WCQAM. Hello. No, going like. WCQAM. Hello. Yes. Well, that was quick. It just rang once. Well, that's okay. It's good. Beautiful. Listen. Just an idea. Thought about yesterday's marches and uh, and uh, and uh, definition of, and I say definition for reason of, uh, illegal aliens because they should be the same. But the point is if all of these people got, um, citizenship, that would mean that they would then have to be paid minimum wage, which means they would then lose all the jobs that they're coming here for anyway. They've got a new background. A new background. A new background. A new background. Yeah, that we have to get some new illegal. Yeah, you have to find it. We have to find it. Right. Now, two things, uh, they've done, uh, your disliked or like of certain newscasters. Um, who would you choose to watch if you had to make a choice? Um, K. The Crowley or read a cause read. I would rather throw my brains up. Yeah. I mean, what kind of a choice is that? Well, K. K. Uh, K. Uh, Kauley is not a newscasters. She's a reporter. She doesn't have a show. Am I thought? Yeah, sounds like you. Oh, okay. No, I thought I heard the, uh, centerwood and the kid. I was paying for it. No, I just, it's fine. I mean, why would you ask me about candy, Kauley and read a cause me? Right. That's what I meant. Reporters. Yeah. You fuck me. He's talking hand. They both, uh, candy, Kauley is, uh, giant in the industry. What was that all about? I mean, talk about desperate to create some material. Am I still on? Yeah. My still on? This is my fact that I looked at numbers and I'm asking, am I still on? No. No. Okay. You remember the sum of the days that I asked recently? Are we, is the transmitter on or we actually on the year or what? You know? I want you to give a big, when you see a, uh, and I'm, I'm going to stop caught him, Terrible. It's bozo the clown. Okay. Okay. Cause this guy is a real bozo. And when you see bozo and a holl, I want you to give him a big kiss on the lips for me. I say, oh, man, he was so appreciative of what you've done. Yeah. I've never seen a note in that. No, no, I both cheats. You know, if he were a peeing way, they would do it. A big kiss. Of course he came from kiss, so he can probably relate to it. Twenty seven after one at five, sixty, seventy five. We got timbable cam for a great American come out of a two o'clock. I bet you when we get the hour by hour, but you did once again between two and four. I have a feeling. And at poor mad dog, man, the, the, the, the great part of the whole thing is they're, they're, they're destroying all the elements that were successful before. And at least we don't have to take it personally. Because that just does. The destroying each and every element on a station was highly successful before as in highly celacity. And they, you know, and just selectively, butchering, just butchering. At the melting pot, fondue isn't just a meal man. It's a memorable, for course dining experience where you can really dip into something different. And who doesn't like to dip into something exciting. And you are a variety of unique, contrase and special melting pot dipping sauces. Imagine starting dinner with a melting pot sweet-own cheese fondue. It served with three different braids, grannies, Smith apples and crisp veggies. And you sit there with a baseball on you, pushing the dip it and you enjoy it. It's great. Next to choices salads out with the melting pot so made blessings. I'm crazy, include lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, cagin, season chicken, pork, pork, part of all mushroom, duck, and lots more cooked at oil or brawn. And those melting pot dipping sauces absolutely out of this world. And for dessert, this will really be such a free. The chocolate fondue is so good. It's to die for. Dip fresh, your strawberries. Pananas, pineapple, cheesecake, brownies, soft, rough, tasty marshmallows. Rolled in crushed Oreos and grained crackers. You ever have those? Yes, love happy birthday. Oh my god, just a thought of it's enough to set me say it. The melting pot. And don't forget, by the way, mother's days come up in less than two weeks now to weeks from yesterday. Mother's day from Sunday. Mother's day is Sunday May 14. And everybody knows that moms love the melting pot. So, okay, left out probably make your reservations for a real treat. Something different and delicious for mom on mother's day May 14. You'll find the melting pot's in for Loderdale. Crolls brings vocal retone. North Miami Beach, Kendall and prestigious Cooper cities. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. Yes. New York. Yeah. There's a sunshine. In a million dials move star-hombole, baby child. The corn doesn't tear nobles. This is a miracle. In this long-to-crack. Because here's a thing that they believe the child must be born suddenly. This is the miracle. It's not gross to all of the sand. Like they need to do with this thing. Sure, he's hot but he's crazy and bad. Make this as a medium to the event and see you. So we just should go and something we can back. But that poor child. I'll keep you at. Because there's one thing where Loderdale's feet and nose are the desire for the scientific. And the heart. That's a lovely and strong flow of this. Yes, that's a beautiful. 133.2702. Both camper were at 2. We got 13 every 15 votes on a plan. We finally found one who didn't go to school yesterday. Shame on you. Shame on you, man. It took longer. I'm probably smoking some of that good stuff. Of course, they could have been sick. It took me about 6.6 to 5.6 to leave a rise in singular. Wireless line, man. Let's get those phones really crank up for a big closing 27 minutes today. What do you say? Or let's just replay that size Marlon game the eighth inning. So would you QAM, hello? Sure. Yeah. I was just coming because earlier, I couldn't get in touch with you. You got to get the phone. Listen, the argument to him is now, I just said that it's, you know, the answer to the question has the next. You can see, no, that right? Wouldn't he be by that? Two, three years ago, the economy fell apart. Yeah, well, then. Okay, well, before then, they didn't need a visa to come and see it, not to stay. Sort of like the British and the Germans, you know, those people that don't need their own need of visa to come into the country. Now they are required by law to get a visa. So even if they get, they need to leave it here now. I'm just telling you, it wasn't a matter of political opinion or anything. Because you were once in the United States, our shoppers. Yeah, they're clippers. No, like all of America, they're a bunch of slippers. Now I want to come up here, right up there. Excuse me. Now up here, I don't hear. No, down there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, it's always he trying to say there's a lot of poverty and slippers and disaster were we in a lot of chaos in our house. We thought that Argentina was doing okay in a parently, they're not. No, whoever said that they were doing okay. Well, they got some Nazis over there, so they went on. Well, then that's, those are all dead now, man. Yeah, no, they're, we get their children's. They're children's, they're children's. They're all in Argentina and beef. WDQAM Hello. Yo, Neil. You are. Yeah. I was just wondering, you guys with the numbers. It's only one way to get those numbers up. You got to keep things away. Yeah, hold your rest man. Here's the downzone for you. Okay, no extra charge. WDQAM Hello. Mexican's the other white me. WDQAM Hello. I didn't go to school. I didn't go to work. I got something to run by the way, Jack. Yes, sir. Go ahead. You didn't go to school. I sat on my butt all day. Why? Like an idiot. And then finally, I just went out and I put up on for a staker on my neighbor. That had to push Cheney all four staker. I said, I won't do it. I hit a pretty bright next to it. Excellent. Good job, pal. I couldn't go project because I'm not going to stand in the middle of a western by myself. No, I'm playing with plus. Are you in the legal alien? No, no more. All right. He was before made a phone call and I always coach your okay. Well, we like his altitude. You're okay. You can stay. He got legalized. That's right. We just legalize. In fact, that we a new format. Call it a show. We will legalize you right here on the Iran show. Or baptize and legalize you. And it's correct. And circumcise and sign anise. Because if you're going to come in from Latin America, man, you definitely need to be circumcised. Don't cut. WDQAM Hello. See how like I hesitate to do it when you ask the McPhibes. Yeah. Yeah. He knew what I'm tracing the call. They got to think about it. Hey, Neil. Just one thing. I'm really happy you're going to anchor back together on the air. You know, I'm miss that. What would you mean by that? Well, you know, I said a little following out. I don't even have any following out. Oh, this is a goofball again. Your what? Yeah, G is in goofball. Yeah. WDQAM Hello. Hey, we are on the jet. They just got a good day. Yeah, no problem. Hang on. WDQAM Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to. Yeah. Yeah. It's G. Are you doing? I'm doing G. Oh, G. I'm doing G. We got a fraction of a G. First time we've heard from him in about a hundred years. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I'm pretty good. Hey, I just wanted to see the, just as a rating. I was asleep and I, and I did not. Arms, sir. No, you don't want to hear him. Yes, I do. And I'm talking time. First time you've heard from him. You've heard from him. I said, yeah, I'm the exactaire. Real bad. If you take a breath, that'll ring you. Okay. Not good. Okay. A guy I'm ready. Here you go. He's ready for that guy. He's ready for it. Yeah. Go ahead. I'm ready. I've heard that before. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, the Verizon SIGITOR Wireless Line. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, that's not the deal. Speaking. No. I'm going to realize that do the song series of the Peri song. Yeah. I'm about to, you know, the song that has a tune here. I mean, the journey's got a gun. Yeah. I'm about to show you got a gun. Yeah, that's boring. And old and there's like five bits of it. Yeah, we've already got about a hundred bits on it. Let's see. He's got a gun. No, no, no, no. Let's tell. Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So it's just a bit of a franchise, well, a franchise. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Jamie's got a dog. There you go. That was quick, how did you get that? Yeah. Here's the fact it says Rachel was always Paul Hackettix. Paul Hackett, I was sitting in for Jerry Springer the other morning and he called 9-11 truth people a bunch of wackos they should stop stalking a crack pipe. Who the help cares about Jerry Springer or Paul Hackett? Thank Robin Williams and his RV what does it say? We're able to keep you 993 from number one spot. Oh yeah Robin Williams that was in the album movies that's had about how great it is man. The last few minutes have taken me to quarter flight 93 has always been missing for people look to increase their own ways that would the missile shot it down. That's right. For people looking to increase their own awareness there's an out-of-loving truth conference in Chicago and June. Okay. Thanks very much Roy. All your people will want to know the truth and just like that thing I watched on the Kennedy assassination yesterday okay we all know what isn't the truth but the fact is we're not going to know the truth. A lot of beat, a boop, but oh and you know something that I forgot that Joe Pesci wasn't JFK. He played David Ferrie right? Yeah. You know what the real bad hair piece in the eyebrow and and if that convinced me more than ever that he and Boca Brian are the same. Same person because he was wearing the same piece you know it's silly weird that Boca puts on it right on that was the one that Joe Pesci was wearing in JFK and he was talking the air we still talking that same voice but a bit and a mystery and a bunch of mysteries and over here and over there and nobody's ever got it all but it was the same deal. Joe Pesci is chicken egg. This is Neil Roger as a student. This is 516. Sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. and she'll cook all the nice seven big dinner. We're good. Tell me do you want to go in? Hello. No, can you tell me how I'm doing? I don't know, ladies. They don't, they're not in there. They don't show. They don't show that? No. OK, thanks. You're welcome. 560, 50560, pound 560, and you've arrived in Singular Wireless Line. What about that is? Why isn't WLR and ratings? Are any specializing for that? Don't know, because they're not a commercial radio station. I don't know. They're probably a different than the commercial station. There's a lot of people listening to it. A lot of people like NPR, and they don't want to hear the Howard's during show with their travels. And that for the people who are traveling in a Christian radio, they deserve to hear the Howard's during show. I think that's fabulous. Is it going to be on how he? That's karma. Yeah. That's right. What goes around that comes right back up at you? That's what Rick Rowley said. WQAM. 560, maybe 560. QAM. What do you want to write? WLR and whatnot? WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Nail? Yeah. Yeah. Listen, it's so dangerous to differentiate between illegal and legal, because the government will simply give them amenity and make them legal. We don't want any more immigrants, illegal or is it really? Sure. It's got to be a quota. We repat through Canada's notebook. No. I'm not remade. You read it. Okay. I'm not remade. I'm not remade. He makes your boy a Lou Doms. He's like the open border man. Tap you, Canon, my ass. Okay. God. 570, 560. Time out. It's all infernoers than foreigners. We can't be all like Lily White, the Royal Blue Bloods. I've had to Canon and assist her Bay, which rhymes with it. Get out of here. You fastest bastards. You. They know James, you can. And I'll tell you that. Our 15th president. Rumor is he was. Yeah. Or was it Franklin Pierce? I don't know if he was. It was Billy Pierce. I'm thankful. I'm sorry about them. Wakeware and presidents myself. Yeah. Those guys that were depouted wigs. Oh my god. I want to have more work to do. Do do do do do do do. I'll never know because he took a powder. That's it. Oh, here's one. I always like to fast this is signed anonymous. Yeah. The channel for a news last every 40 on footy leaving while 100. They also took great pains to say he wasn't being forced out. They said he wants to continue broadcasting. They mentioned how much older he is than this target audience. He wants to meet like they made it an offering. He couldn't refuse. Yeah. He's on live 100 broadcasting like Tina years and he's like 100 years old. They mentioned that possible replacement could be a syndicated show from New York. S.C.B.S. just signed up for New Host of the Morning Show. I suspect they're jumping into the chance that Opian Anthony made me QM should try to grab them before chair. Clear chair. Oh my god. This guy. This is the funniest facts of all time. You're going to put Opian Anthony on your account. I'm sure I'm sure that love the world is just a little bit more. I'm sure you're stuck in over there. You're sure that we can't even say crap or play a part son. And we're going to put Opian Anthony on the air. But it's just not one year anonymous man. Good. Golly Miss Molly. You just don't get it all. These people think we're fun of them. I know. They don't believe that the joyous is a fictional character. Joyous. It's right. It's with wicked bitch in which she is the being of our existence. And she's the one called all the shots. She's the one right in this place and driving into the ground. Because the bozo the clown. He's got him. The testicles of our fruit fly. Oh, joyous may I may I may I do this in may I. Yeah, may they may they. Somebody give her a generator call on a may day. Okay. Because what those numbers came out is if we did not renew it. We knew it was may they if you were. I am. We're going to have our own demonstration in the streets. I think that I might even fly down for that. All the QM people passed in present March in the streets in protest of the butcher job. Man, hatch it job. How do I express it? What does it left to say? Like I said, just all we can do is the best we can under impossible circumstances. And this guy says, oh, put up an Anthony on here. You're going to grab him before cheap jambles. Right. These guys are so terrified. They wouldn't put a cuckoo for an analy on here because they're afraid that somebody might miss in terrible what cuckoo means. What does it mean? I don't know. I'm afraid to ask. Call up joyous if we can interpret it on here. Might be something filthy. Something subrosa. 1347 votes on a poll. How did illegal alien they affect you? They're not going to say no commetus. They have immigration. It had nothing whatsoever to do with immigration. Look up immigration as a dictionary and Lou Dobbs is right about that. I'm wasn't ice cream in about it. Before Lou Dobbs is screaming and I had was not talking yesterday on all these channels. Yes. We're doing the same thing. By the way, see the legal aliens already had that, missy. They don't have anything to pitch a fit about. That is correct. There was an unfair protest in quickly and in professional Julio, okay? People on South West, eight speed. What do you protest in about for Christ six? You're in your legal. If you got yours cut the crap, that's right. That's stop attracting attention. In addition to what you're not fooling us anyway, because we know the Cubans of the Mexican Tate Generalite Poison, so that they can get away. You're the one who taught us that. Pull it anyway. You know, the Reckens, Cubans hate the Reckens and the Reckens hate the Cubans and everybody hates the Mexicans and the Jews forget about them. It's one big happy family. An anti-graced, testifies, framed. Great. Had my try. Oh, an anti-graced. And then they also got that other, not so you're going to be under two on headline news. The one that's on our team channel in the morning with our Glenn Beck. I keep forgetting, rhymes with Todd Grett. Glenn Beck, he's also going to be a headline news fan. Well, Fran, I'd tell you one thing about Nancy. She must be a popper because she's going to have a lot of friends. This is Neil Roger. What's up, what's up, Nancy? This is 5.16. Two, eight. Six. William the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami. That's the movement. Go Black. All the hard burn. Go so so. Every time I see. Go so so. Every time I see. Go so so. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. I see. Every time I see. What I can't go. Go so so. And get to go, go before. Here you are, this. Don't go, go. It's from a stupid. Don't go, go. But this road, you bitch get. Don't go, go. It's a movement. Go more than me. And get to go. Yeah, don't care what it's all. You got a man by her firm growth. The Christian Rott. Those what friends you and I have a hope for, we've got a great leader here. With president's up. Okay, just got the memo. Are you going to be a great place to see this. You heard of staff infection. Yeah, there's going to be a staff animal. I have a blueberry animal for the entire few M staff. See if that helps. Okay. I served the tube. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. 13. 159 vote on the poll. How did a legal alien day affect you yesterday? That's our question. Not at all. 971. That's my vote. Submond Rared. 71.4% much less traffic to it in 28. Spent extra money just out of spite 69. I hate this poll 25. Didn't go to work 24. Didn't go shopping 17. Didn't open my business 14. Kathorsay. What do I know my espioniel? My numbers are what huh? That's a deal. I was traffic nine and didn't go to school. We got a pair now. Didn't go to school. One guy. He did some productive. Anyway, that's some bumper sticker. Some busher. I love her. Right. I shot. I'm probably we did trace the call. We put your name and rescue size on the art tomorrow. During the show. We're coming back tomorrow. We. I don't know. But you better practice those numbers for the new format. Change. Oh yeah. We know those traced. Don't set one at Scotty McRap again. Bye bye.