Oh and the TKY, S-U-C-A-S Sounds of the kid Christmas is here Sounds like there's no reason Howard's going home, says, Amen Terrag Martin and the TKY toowych secondo me overboys and all I've seen is they've been gone I can't go Go secana without it! Dirty fucking saute Ok Joe! That suits him on the which is dead. It's a 10-1-5-60 WQM rate. So two weeks from Christmas is not two or two weeks from today. Yes. Oh, rock. Well, how do you like that? That's pretty exciting news and of course the people out there were all how about your pay fee test today? Will you stop? Well, guess what? They're going to be in the playoffs and certainly going to win the division and you know dolphins will not. That's that would be my response to that. I knew it was going to be a really ugly game. I don't know if it's going to be that ugly. So I mean, on schedule trip up to a woodwind to find a good machine mine. I got off the good machine and when crazy and it paid like four grand in about an hour and a half only I was not it. But nevertheless, then have two bad of a day and it was recording the game and when I got home the first thing I did was erase it. I thought I had a chance to see any of it. Yeah, because I was following it on the blackberry and I thought, oh my goodness, this is they missed a team bus. Pay for it's missed a bus. So that's the way it goes. So all those people out there want to load it say, oh, a peric victory is a single. Whatever it all it means. What does that mean? It's a wall of it or a victory. Here's the full from live stuff Friday. Neal's Thursday show was we had 19, 11, 16 votes. Didn't hear it. 820 that's 43.2% can you explain that to me? No, it's a rookie recorder would say can you explain? I'd ask not. 43.2% didn't hear it. This is a full week took on Friday. That's going to about to show the day before. Very, very, I don't know. Leave you be wonder about the people voting on the poll and the people in general. And when you understand? I didn't hear it 828. One of the best ever, 209. Gutsie 205. Have I got a big pair or what? That's a little big pair. Something they're hairy moves. It was okay, 157. Fascinating 143. Gay, gay. 123. Ponderous 80, crap 62. See there we go with the negativity again. Because it's South Florida. Just like Bowen, the Kenny, we're just saying about 700 toys being brought the toys for kids at the game yesterday. You got 60, 70,000 people got a bit hell showed up and there's 700 people bringing toy for kids. And of course, they're blaming it on the guys across the street because that's the last more fun to do with that. Well, I blame it on South Florida. Look at the great job. We did. Thanks to Miguel coming up with that and if the idea of doing that to another one of those fun raises, when did we do that last year? It seems like we'll be yesterday. Yeah. And burrishing. What was did we ever get a final total on it? I could remember. It wasn't much. I don't think we even voted. I totally made maybe 30 grand. I'll be waiting for you. I'll be sure with spectacular 45. I would agree with that. Spectacularly, Gutsie and fast-moving. I hate this poll only 37. I'm here 1.9%. Heartwarming 27. It warmed the cockles of my heart. Maybe feel that the old man is such a humanist and such a wonderful, which I am. And I still think that probably a tremendous person is the people who are there. I still don't understand it. I get where I was coming from. You know what? Are we don't care? I'm not here to try to prove anything to anybody. I'm here to collect a paycheck. We'll show it up real early. This paid a nice gone boys. How do you like that? Medicrima. Yeah. Showed up real early. It's kind of a holiday gift. Also thanks to whoever is starting to facts in some of these other polls. Now we got a really good one. I'm bored tomorrow. We need help. Have a good one. We need some help on these polls. Right. I don't know where to help that. Oh, here we go. No, no, no. I need help. Who wants to brainstorm when you got all required? You're a good close buddy. Here's the poll today. I'll see. This is my poll. As differentiated between some of the ones that are being sent in by our vast audience out there. Which of these do you want to hear no more about? That's our poll question today. No more about. I can't take no more. Parrish Hilton, she got my vote and is usually I know how to pick a winner. Just like I knew yesterday, the game was going to be a disaster. I didn't always going to be that bad though. That's really embarrassing and humiliating, but that's part of the course. Parrish Hilton 200, Brittany and Kevin, 167, the multi-talented Kevin, this feeder line and Brittany's groggy, etc. Yo, yo. Meals buddy Jacob, which of course there's the in Friday was the essence of the whole deal. 80. Brangeline, 62. Sports Talk, 61. Brangeline, 50. They don't want to hear any more about Brady Quinn. Well, guess what? You will. Oh, he came in at just in third in the high's been voting. Speaker, I want to get into a sports oriented by saw a little bit of that New Orleans Cowboys game estate, but ever had you bored. She's got moved to heaven and vending it. Do you see that Miguel? Did not. But he is phenomenal. Anyway, he ain't no downtown Ronnie Brown. Brady Quinn, 50, Iraq, 44. You know, something I almost voted for that. Not that I'm not interested in what's happening, but it just, you know what I'm saying, you become overwhelmed with it. And this is a blood bath. We know it was based all on lies and BS and all these people are dying. And what's the use? And all these different committees and reports. Oh, yeah, let's have another committee with another report, you know? Politics 39, if we just had a election in a big song of dance, they want hearing more about politics. Christmas 29. Here it is. It's only the 11 of the December. I think some people are Christmas out already, especially the Jews and the atheists. They're not in the muslims. And that's what the who and the muslims and the schmatha heads. I hate this poll 23 a mere 2.9 percent and global warming only 21. They want here a lot more about global warming. So we're going to do a whole series of shows on that. Well, let's see, we don't talk about personal and that when a little is possible, we got a few bits on that bitch, but that's about it that nasty needle nose bitch. Brittany and Kevin, although she's making research and stuff for whatever reason, of course, I think at the divorce, kind of like spice it up because she was flashing her couture. And those two, she was flashing at hooters, is that what he just said? Positive, that's what he said. I would have sworn, I would have bet your life on it. So those two are like way out ahead of everything else. And as far as the number three, there kneels, buddy, Jacob, the only thing that you'll hear more about that is if and when this great reading takes place, which I'm confident it will soon and I'll give you like an update. That's it. And if not, well, who knows what that's all about, we'll see. A Congresswoman who appears in the end by the way, if it doesn't, if it turns out to be another ugly episode in my life, that's all my gals fall. I just want you to know since you're there. I'm not talking behind your back. Sorry. Talking right here, face. You Mr. Mr. MySpace. I'm too a little bit old to be, I mean, every last that you know, I'm just one on there. And of course, it could be a mine, not a little bit old to be dittling around there in my space, but it's our page now, thanks to you. A Congresswoman who appears in a video clip calling for a Fidel Castro's assassination says the footage is fake. See, I started right off of a Castro story just because we're gals there. You know, what a boring story. I'm not holding your great connection for all the angst and grief that he had caused me. And I know it's a plot. Yeah, I like how the media is playing this story, like it means something. Though she answered, would handle the Cuban leader's death. And of course, the anxious, the one-dimensional, the obnoxious, the nasty, ratty, smell and alienar Rosanna Daniletman of Miami, who was recently tapped to become the tap of public and on the House of International Relations Committee. She was tapped. They stuck along to a per-ass. A person they 28-second-fibring circulated on the internet by makers of a new British documentary, 630, it was to a ways to kill Castro. Both could have a bullet. And it she says, I welcome the opportunity of having anyone assassinated with a Castro in any way to who's oppressing the people. But the Yavanna Board lawmakers claims to fill makers' splice clips together to get the sound by. She said it bites. I think she bites. I think she makes me nauseous. Still the clip is fake. And nothing is much to do about nothing. If it makes her look bad, I like it. I haven't seen it. But if it makes her look like I like it, it's which you, long children can see that it's fake. It's twisted in a way that gives the viewer a totally wrong impression, Rosanna Daniletman told a herald. I've said the community has moved on that those strategies are not being used today, but apparently the filmmakers still think we're in a 60's mentality. Whatever that means. Well, I'm going to 60's. The farther it's got it, the control, it does not. They could look bad. No, because nothing would make her look bad to them. One dimensional slime balls. A spokesman for Rosalighton said the Congresswoman is never called for anyone's assassination. No, the politician itself said she can't rule out that she ever mentioned Castro in a potential ass assassination. If someone were to do it, I wouldn't be crying. She said Rosalighton said she seemed that document, it's interesting to me, but when he crows would probably be fairly soon, then what? Well, what are people like her? What are they going to be pandering about? She said she sees the documentary and the clip didn't make it into the final cut, but a link to it is provided in the front page to the film, and it's available through you. She, the Congresswoman said she's not shy about saying she wants Castro did, but it would put it up and that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, and Rosanna Daniletman. I apologize to even though she's been dead a long time. Rosanna Daniletman, what's the name? Guilderradner, so I have a green fart on her name. I know Gene Wilde. He's still alive and she's dead. I thought I don't like Gene Wilde, right? Just don't think he's really all at funny. He was in some really bad movies, yeah? All of he was in young Frankenstein, wasn't he? Right. He's all right. Pretty good. Willy Wonka. Willy Wonka? Wonka? 794 votes under folded it. We got a thousand-look, no sweat. Here's our very first call of a great week. QA and hello. QA and what I've said, yeah. First call of a great week on the phones. QA and hello. Okay, there's Q42 and let's make it a clean sweep. QA and hello. Okay, there. We don't even need the Swiffer Duster for that. Wow. Wow. Well, one. Hey, listen, these people are busy, man. They're very sound that we're getting off that phone. Remember how we had to? Let me try one and I just, uh, let me try, oh, here's another QA and hello. Right. Let's have four hours of that sound. Let me try it again. Oh, now it's time to end. Oh, he sounds good today. This is gonna be, I told you it's gonna be a banner week. The biggest thing slow. No. You do not belong in here today, I'm cracking it. Go from okay, crack, please. And where this upcoming divorce? Kids singing all of your favorite holiday classics as only kid rock can deliver presenting. Kids ties one on for Christmas. You'll hear kid rock sing. Oh, holy. The Oscar blow by ring did Richie the Red those things to please come home for food and Christmas. Heart the divorce lawyer sing. Referment is coming to town. Guide resty, have a tightest docs. You're a mean one, Mrs. Beech. And last Christmas with George Bikom. Kids ties one on for Christmas. Available at Barnes and Noble and Cochrane and Kid needs to buy any.com. I'm sorry to one polling never taken who is probably the most classless person you can think of. You know, somebody famous. Uh, Donald Trump. No. Donald Trump has compared to like Kid Rock and Pamela Lee, which I thought you hated her like poison and I don't have a little skank. Andres. Oh, these are the skanky, slimy people. Yeah. I want to know the chick from hole. Uh, Courtney love. Oh, speaking of chick from somewhere, so I saw a movie. I'm boy, how do you like that? We're dissociation. Hello, goodbye, like that. Hey, listen, I'm getting old into the blue. That sounds familiar. It's from last year. It's directed by my favorite person in the world, John Stockwell. That sounds real familiar. And it's really bad. It's a horrible movie. And it's about you know, these are deep sea diver type people. And I find this plane that's got all these drugs. Uh, you know, no Jessica Albin. Jessica Albin. Jessica Albin. I was going to recommend it to you guys. Jessica Albin is including some very provocative bikini scenes. And we have the cultures. Paul Lockers in it. One of my very favorite people in the world who's like walking around almost naked to the whole movie. Anyway, so there's something for everybody. And but I couldn't get through the whole thing. It was just so bad. Man, I did. I thought Paul Walker was never in a good movie. I mean, it's not that he's a bad actor. I wouldn't say he's a great actor. But he's uh, he's got some, he's getting pretty old to his 33 ancient. But they haven't seen into the blue. I don't think so. Well, there's actually an elbow factor. Might, you know, if we just pop stuff on your cave, you want one to take a look at it. I heard a lot of things. I heard a lot of stuff. I don't know. I figured, I heard it sucked. You said, I just got through Tonya. Maybe that's where I heard it. It was very, very weak. And if you look it up on IMDB, which I don't know what it is about me. But does everybody do this? Once you find that rating thing on there, I mean, I don't need somebody else to tell me that they like the movie for me to know that, you know, I have a good taste or whatever. If I like it, I like it, you know. But it had a 5.5, which is really weak, you know. Anything under a 6 is really lame. But I still like John Stockholen's fight. And I like Paul Lockholen a lot. But he was always in really cheesy movies, you know. What else was he in? Wasn't he in one of those? So he has to be nervous. Oh, oh, oh. Fast and furious. Oh, you're right. He's never been in that. Oh, he's furious. Oh, I know why we do him fast and furious. But that's beside the point. I'm sure he could run like a son of a bitch. 834 votes on the pool. Oh, I guess speaking of a big loss came about hepatitis and all the other. You know, it's how these cruise ships have got like a real hour run that runs on this idea of going now. Did you see these stories? Oh, yeah. Of course, there's a third time in two months yesterday, luxury cruise ships sailed in the South Florida ports, burying sick people. Pukin there. That's how. Oh, yeah. I keep telling you, you'll do whatever you want to do because you all know better than I do. If you want to waste your money and have a really bad time and get very, very sick possibly and maybe have your wife or girlfriend or both raped in the beaten and murdered whatever, then they go on cruise. More than a hundred passengers and crew arrived in port Everglades on Princess Cruz's son Princess showing symptoms of neural virus, a gastrointestinal illness that resemble stomach flu. And 99 past years and 11 crew members came down with the virus on World Caribbean's freedom of the seas for the second time in a week for the second time in a week. So, this is your mommy-based cruise line of federal regulators. They're pukin their guts out, maybe they're on their hands and their knees. All hands on deck literally. Freedom of the seas, the world's largest cruise ship was held over the Port of Miami for additional cleaning. How do you like to have that job? No, no. Under the direction of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, two additional doctors and 45 more cleaning sample board the ship for its next Caribbean voyage. Now, schedule to begin tomorrow. Yeah, any volunteers want to step up and line who wants to go on a next cruise on edge ship. The CDC issued a no sale recommendation for freedom of the seas, folks been Curtis Allen said last night. It's fairly rare that we should a no sale recommendation. He says it's been several years. On December 3rd, the same cruise ship returned to Miami with nearly 400 people ailing from the same symptoms after a seven day pukin your guts out cruise. It's the pukin your guts out cruise. I'm a son Princess, the latest down for a struck 97 of the 2013 past years as well as six crew members. After the vessel returned from a 10 day Caribbean cruise, spokeswoman Julie Bessel, the Santa Clarita California-based cruise line, said those drick and were complaining of stomach illnesses such as diarrhea. All right. Wild screaming. That's right. Those are the safe sounds. Don't go get enjoy solve that other shape. Now with a danger like that, sir, that's me pouring out of glass of water into a biorea cramps. That's cramps without the M and vomiting. Susan and Joke Brown. Although not yet confirmed, the illnesses expected to be no virus. Benson said the highly contagious condition quickly spreads aboard ships through human contact, contaminated food or liquid or by touching an infected surface, and transferring the virus to the mouth as MOUF as in Smash Mouth Pubal. The son Princess said about extensive cleaning yesterday. Benson said the ship departed five thirty years to have to know. Benson calculated the strict capacities of almost five percent of the ship total roster. This was not a serious one, she said. Now this is just a little minor puking in the crap in your guts out. On November 19, Carnival Cruises Liberty pulled into port ever late after a 16 day cruise in which 534 out of 2800 passengers complained of an intestinal virus of the 1186 member crew 142 were truly different. In other words, if you want to get safe, here's a really expensive and nasty way to do an AX course, you know, even up while your vacation time too. All your leisure time, all your vacation time, all your hard earned money, right down the old toilet, literally and figuratively. On an old cruise now, you think we're going to have any calls that are going to actually come through today or not, maybe you might have cleaned sweep. QAM hello. Hello, is this uh, you're Rogers? Yes, sir, is this a voice? Yes, it is a meat Danny, how are you doing? Okay, Danny. Is this Danny of Jimmy and Danny, or just plain old Danny? This is near a plain Danny. No, he just don't plain old fashion Danny from for a lot of Dale. Okay, let's go to Danny and for a lot of Dale, hello, Danny. How are you doing there? Not Danny, oh, a fan, the Montreal can eat in an answer. By the way, the leaf sucked, the Patriots stuck to join out. It's been one of those deals. Yes, go ahead. Okay, I'm back with you, hey, Dale. Why should have bus the rain to this conventional radio and hop over to satellite anytime soon? I need to go away, Dan. Oh, brother. What is wrong with these people? Okay, I don't need any career advice. I don't need any advice. How to do the show? I've been doing this a long time. I'm doing just fine. Thank you. Okay, that's all. I need the last week. I could use the little psychological assistance. Thanks to McGill and his my space. But that's okay. I think that's, I think that's all ironed out. I say, I don't know, and the life will go on, you know. One way or the other, my life will go on. I was sticking though, and now this, and I'm only saying this joking. We don't want to say that right up front real fast before anybody takes me serious to Kim having relapse. But you know how they have all these horrible, and I do mean horrible segments. These prefabricated segments on our sports shows. So the ones they've waited the morning down with, you know, like, her Kirk, Gert Street, and all this other stuff. I was thinking, maybe since, you know, he enjoys the attention so much. Maybe we could have the Jacob segment on the show like once a week. Like every, you know, for 15 minutes. Okay. And it was just a joke. Okay. It was just a little laughing on the inside. No, you're not. You're crying. You're crying on it. Which of are you crying for me? Which of these do you want to hear no more about? We asked in 49 votes pretty good. Especially here we are just two weeks before Christmas and the glam are all very, very busy. You know, their lives are all like spoken for every minute of every day. Papa, papa, papa, they're like all lined up like a Hanukkah boy. And on the 15, that's a set or Friday, right? Friday's Tanuka. Yes. So this year the Jews get to jump on the glam, maybe and, of course, the raghead or they're jumping on anything they can, all those versions. Which of these do you want to hear any more about? Paraselton, 2014. Brittany, I'm Kevin, 187. Neal's buddy, Jacob, 86. Pretty weak third their Jacob. All I guess he probably should be happy with that. Brands are leaving a 67 sports dog, 65 George voting for that. He won no more sports talk. And after yesterday, after this weekend, sporting events, I'm giving the sports up. To be pressing sports dog, 65. Brady Quinn 53. Well, that's not the show. If you don't want to hear about Brady Quinn no more. When you agree with that, absolutely. I mean, there are some other people that, you know, one way or the other all depending on what happened. But in a Brady's case, I'm just, and it came in a very, very weak third in the high school voting. I thought that was like a slap in the face. But there was somebody, somebody sent something that I forwarded along to, it's in your real email address, about one. It's Brady Quinn. It's funny. Oh, it's like a video. It's like a thing that I put in there would be a Tom Brady, I think that put the jinx on it for that game yesterday. That thing you sent me, which video I forgot. No, maybe that's the one. Now, see your confusing Tom Brady and Brady Quinn. That was a fun Brady. That was a fun time. Oh, yeah, I think he's doing too many more votos spots Tom Brady instead of playing football. You got to play a little smash mouth football out there, Tommy. He was pathetic. I didn't watch any of it, though. I'm proud to say I saw the little lights and read about it. Tragedy. It racked 50. No more about a rat. Please, we're just denogated with puking, just like the people in the ship. Politics 45. Christmas 35. Enough already with a Christmas carols. It would be a hockey with a Christmas and a Yosuke and this and that and away in the manger and no holy night, etc. I hate this pull 26, 3% and global warming only 23 out of 800 and 56 votes, man. But we had Danny on it. It was a good start to the weeks calls. What was he doing? Give me advice about how I ought to be on satellite and about. I'm 180 years old, Danny. I'm not looking at just like two years ago, two years in 19 or 20 days, nothing. I'm counting. Although I'm going to stand, I'm extending that just so I can keep everybody else alive and I can leave a lot of money in my world then. Isn't that interesting last three days when I did that show and then again Friday when we hit kind of like a follow up. A lot of people out there want to be in my will, okay? And that interesting kind of jump at the opportunity. You think they will? I would say not the ones who think they will. 26 past 11 to past one. G. This thing is flying along. So far. I hope. I wish. I know your prize at Friday yet. Oh, Friday at 155, please. Oh, no, no, no, no. Don't let my lunch come out of me. That's rolling the wind. It seems to me you live God like a earth. No way. Saturday night, so light for you. I get a stretch when I call it the truth. Oh, it's yours now. 1031 at 560 WQM happy Monday too. Let's and by the way Friday clearance group me up again. This last Friday. Yeah, he gave me a set on the schedule mad dog at two at Hooters in wherever it had one. And then I hear I can do any update just before I shut the thing off and you know Curtis standing by for the mad dog. Am I correct? I don't know. I heard it. I heard it with my own one big fat ear that's connected with my rear. I heard it. Why be something if like, oh, for you know, she had that thing she talked to her body part. You'd be surprised what can go. Your ear was connected to your back home ass. And anyway, spending in the contentious Ryan Klein, I'm really tempted to take a whole bunch of calls here just to see if they're going to what's going to be between on the end of the year. I think it's going to be pretty lame. Ha ha ha ha ha. Of course, here's the Ginn Monash Tana Hala Hazze. That's right. Well, I mean, I do. Why is this data from for many other day? I knew that. Don't be talking, you know, you just crap on, you know, Hebrew crap on Hanukkah. Well, there's another one in the semi, so but that's a malachim. And that's the thing about the Arabs and the Jews that gets me. They're all semi. They're all circumcised. They shouldn't be fighting. They shouldn't be killing each other. If they have been for thousands of years. It's not going to stop. That's right. Castro is dead. It's done right. Well, my romance keys was on the Ginn, instant biography. I've already seen it, but I love the Jackie Mason clip. I love the canter and off. That's my, that might be my favorite channel of all of Miss biography channel. It's a good channel. It's a great channel. And people are saying, what do you watch in that form? You can watch Inkton, dog Diwali Hunter run A&E man. And flip this house. You know what I do? I see that flip this house. Oh, flip off the screen man. I hold up all 10. Actually got stuck watching some of that. I thought, oh, I remember this. Yeah. Well, one of these people thinking about and who are the people who are watching flip this freaking house. W to Q a M hello. Q a M. Sounds a sound. W to Q a M hello. I'm sure that we had Danny so far. Danny, you could be our only color all day today. Hello. Yeah, like I said, Danny could be our only color and he had nothing to say except Eviase. Give me career advice. That said, 567-0560, pound five, 60 leave horizon, singular, wildest line. That's the end of our calls. That could be the end of the calls for the whole week. Now I know why you're going on vacation next week. And why I'm going on vacation this week after that. In fact, maybe I'll take both weeks off. Let Josh do the show. Yeah, let Josh show up next week and discover he's the only one there. I guess what, Josh, you're running a board. You're doing a show and you're playing the spots. That's right. And right. Right. And sitting yourself the facts is too many. Come in running in the other room. Mm-hmm. Why not not? But you know what Clarissa is? It only takes one person to do the show. That's what Clarissa is. He's got Joe Belkin vits to that. Oh, I'm sure that. I just like they had Greg. Remember the day that Greg came in there with Muff? And I forget who else. Maybe just the two of them. And they were looking around like, like, oh yeah, let's see how this really works. Do we really need three people to do this show? And then he goes in here and we need two people on the, yeah. And of course on the sports shirt, they got a cast like 75 because that's a work. The stuff that got a good support. You wrap, you know, going on. As a talk to our unimportant crap. WDQAN hello. WDQAN hello. That must have been sin. Oh, K. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, brown county court. There is Joe. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right. All right. All right. Okay, brown county court. So we're Joe. There's a bullet. Everybody laugh on QO. Okay, there's the joke. He's almost as funny as Bill Marv. And that quite. Ooh. WDQAN hello. Your face is locked. Ooh. I told ya. Wow. The whole week is going to be really special between now and the end of the year. It's only three weeks. What do you worry about? And you won't be here one night. We'll be one either. Mm-hmm. Thanks God. WDQAN hello. QAN. Hello. Is it smell rockish? Yes, man. This is he. Oh, hi. I wanted to tell you that I love your show. I listen every single day. You're the best thing on the radio. And I graduated high school with Norman Kent. Oh, I'm so sorry for you. Oh, my God. Everybody in life has certain obstacles to overcome. And I was wondering, you finally a hurl you jumped, I guess. I guess so. But I just think they're awesome. I thought they said the funniest thing on the radio. Well, thanks. And give them a big kiss on me, a cheek. Maybe that's your job. I don't know. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Oh. How do you like that? Oh, the star. I'm graduating from high school with Norman Elliott Kent. Would I quit in Norma? Do you fare me? 800, 800, 800 votes on the pool. WQAN hello. QAN. We're going to the super park. Yeah, you're going to the ball all right. Okay, just like the people on a cruise ship. Okay. Take some a sharming with you. Okay, and take some take Rosie in the body on the counter. Okay, muting out. Maybe that's what it was muting on the counter. I think she's dead, and she rose you into the bounty spots. I'm sure she is. I think so. Number Rosie. Yeah. Well, the police did it. Okay, I think they ran. Yeah, they wrapped her up by the wrapped up her carcass. In bounty, they roll of it. And it's still leaking. WQAN hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing buddy? Okay, pali. All right. What do you think about the fake race game yesterday? I know it ain't a sports show, but I know your Patriots fan. What do you mean what did I think? Well, what would you like me to think? I didn't watch it. I went to a woodbind. I didn't watch it because I knew they would miss the bus. And they did. They stuck. When I play crats teams like Detroit the week before they almost blew that team. Patriots for years now when they play garbage teams, they played out of their level. They just didn't show up. They stuck. They were in embarrassment. They were humiliating and degrading. Is there anything that needs to be said? How many said that? Did I have before you when we got started? I want to spend a lot of time on you. You know, all you hot shots are the dolphins beat your team. Bigs think in deal. Okay, and the dolphins start going to make the play. They're off and the pages will still go to the vision and we'll call any reigning how because they're highly overrated. They're just not that good. In fact, the whole league take a look at what happened Jacksonville pounded the Colt yesterday, 44 or 17. Am I right? I was at the score. 44 or 17. That was the score. The national media equity league, man, you got a whole bunch. I would say, but third man. Maybe okay team. In fact, you got something that were embarrassingly bad. And then I'll tell you who impressed me though is I told you redgie bush in the same. What was the final score that I gave you? About 100%. Maybe. Or just lie didn't watch that much because they were just kicking ass. Last night. Kick in Dallas ass, which is a beautiful thing. 896 votes on the pool will have over 900. Easy by the end of this hour. A simple deal. Slide right in there. Two out of high school with Norman Can't she graduate it? Aren't you impressed by that when you put that on the resume of your life? Oh yeah. I'd be embarrassed. I wouldn't tell me. I wouldn't tell a soul. I would say KQAM hello. KQAM. See this thing I've been working on earlier is KQAM hello. Yes sir. I was wondering. We could give it some information. Since you were related to people in the station. Yeah, everybody down the way about it. We're related to people in the station. I don't see it. I don't see it. That's you know everybody in the station. Yeah. It was something that was disturbing me. Do you know one single athlete or sports personality that the home for has not had dinner with him the last six months? No, there's no such person on the planet. Okay, you try to say that the home was a name driver which we all know. We still love the hump or regardless whether he dropped it or not. Okay. I think it one thing if he would drop the fork as fast as he drops the names. He wouldn't weigh 700 pounds right now. I don't know how he's doing but I sure hope he's okay. Happy holiday. See you on for Happy Chinooka. Never gonna recover from seeing him on that thing. Let's see. Here's a look at this. You were discussing on Friday your favorite ice cream slice people watching spots in Berlin. It isn't really ice cream. No, it's not that that's my favorite ice cream. No, there's much better ice cream than hugging does in Germany. Oh my god, it got like a moving pick and whatever. I think I got great ice cream there and and hugging that is still watery. I just like eating there because I can take a little cup of ice cream and sit there on the acutom and let those little umbrella tables you know and watch the beautiful people walk by and my tongue is down on the sidewalk. I'm like that. Oh man, you want to see some really great looking people do not forget about Florida. I'm not saying that there aren't any good looking people. Well, this goes most of the people I see in Berlin are under the age of 100. That's why and didn't just come off a banana boat. It isn't really ice cream but there's a good joint I'm looking at what's called gelatin a pommelot. Oh pommelot, that's the place where they had all those billions of dollars missing another Italian scandal. An Italian scandal. That's unusual in it. Jolte, gelatin a pommelot which is good or better than anything you get Italy. Oh, I can get out of here. Get away. Get away Jose. Of course the people watching them looking rotors on parallel seems a good place for a sugar daddy to take his boy toy. So perhaps you might take Jacob there. His boy toy. All right. The reason why Tom Brady always plays terrible when he comes down here is because of the distractions. He's a party animal. Last year he was in South Beach, parting with in a week of the season ending. He was also down here during this year's by week of a crappy team like Tampa Bayer Detroit draft baby Quinn when you become a lines of bus fam. No. But this is a little on the sarcastic side and as if I'm only a patriotist fan which I became the law before I ever heard of Tom Brady. I would bless Jose to look for it and then we're staying in the join up. But again, you know, dilute yourself on whatever you think, whatever the hell it makes you happy. Okay. Oh, brother, this is this is, you know something, this is a good fact. You want to watch because this epitomizes both out there. And when I did that show on Thursday, I guarantee you this represents and this is by the way, we hit some nice calls and some nice stuff on the online. But this is the majority of thinking out there, you know. And of course, I know that I'm the only person on the face of the globe who's a sucker for pretty face. When you view with that, when you both jump right in there and say, oh, no, nobody ever feels that way. You're just an old-provarded effect. And of course, I read a little bit to that. And they're happy to see. So best to ask for the faces, be you, Rodgers. And when I go walk one guy's tube off, when they look at my chest, one of the other's me. I have really been a good girl all year Rest in the sky, rest in the sky Rest in the sky, I really want bigger food Previously I spent around 6幾 years and I transfer the food Okay, 1046 and 560 WQA. How many votes we got in that pool? 9-something. 927. Not bad. Have a thousand in look at each five. Then it'll be George and Miguel till 2 o'clock. A rat. Also anyway, I never gave the schedule out because I got interrupted there. Bits and out clearance for give me bad information. Oh, no. Frank, Amy did. Mad Dog at 2. So it says in my schedule. Whether he shows up or not, you have to tune and find out. Power hour with Humber and Amanda together for the five. Hank will be dropping a lot of names. Humber solo 5 to 630 and then whoa. Take a look at this. Take a puke at this schedule. Speaking of all the peopin' going on. Poo-oo-oo-oo. Shoe King warm up at 630. UN and Mississippi State College hoops from 799 fall at 9. Eddie K. works till 1 o'clock in the am. Are you impressed by that? Hurricane hoops? Oh, she really did. Gigantic tune in for that. How much your carousels going to be on that thing? Isn't he? Oh, yes. You bet. 927 votes which of these do you want to hear no more about? No mole. Periscillton 237 and the Brittany and Kevin 208. They're pretty damn tight. And of course, Periscill and Brittany are pretty tight. Is anybody care about that? Oh, sure. Anybody hear? Oh, no, get the am with it. Is to me? Well, at least Brittany of nothing else she's consistent. She's that bad taste in her friends and her boyfriends and her life. You know, she's that bad taste. She hangs with trash. Only in this case, transferred a lot of money. She's a little too pretty seven Brittany and Kevin 208. He was buddy Jacob 93 years that boy toy. Brands are leading a 71 sports talk 68. Ready Quinn 57 Iraq 56 politics 46 Christmas 37. I hate this pool. Look at that. How many votes is it got? About 3 to me. We point 2% and global warming only 24 as we post that thousand mark. Let's take a thousand calls here today, huh? Because if the world's good so far and of course that first fact today was really heart warming too. Didn't make you warm the cockles you're hurt at warm something. Yeah, warm by. W I W Q a M hello W Q a M hello And then yes, sir Who is this? We call in this Neil And then Roger. Yes, sir. You're a raja But there was a bad boy a Why What the hell what he said? I want boy. I don't know a budget boy. Oh, but you yeah, I don't know what he said I don't know that put a sound like to me So what that was so funny about it. You're like you're breathing. That wasn't me laughing. I was impersonating his you were breathing Well, he was Raja the Indian boy. Okay. He was on her. He was on day Hey, listen, he was uh trying to get a grass one lie on Fines intellectually chums like most of our callers 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 2 leave a rise in singular wireless line It's all phone call are we quest last part of the year between out in the end of the year. Not a good idea Do it no Well, I mean the stern last week they start with all these out of out of left feel out of nowhere making these ass Whiteboard requests. I don't know what that's all about Well, it's because they have no material because we open the phones again a couple of weeks Who and they have nothing else. Well, let's build a pool. What do you say? No no WQAM hello QAM But oh j i'm that's Paul and he else today. Okay, okay? That's all okay. Thank you See even like put it he's given directions again just like the first call of that Danny guy who's giving me directions on my career Shall we actually get over to satellite radio and get off of this terrestrial A crap and I like like how or get on there and like lose 95% of your audience like he did of course in my case I'd be gaining it from it as audience, but do cares It's all about the money baby in this business all about the cash and I'm doing just fine And believe me whatever our loss which was a very minor amount yesterday it would buy and plunging my gut's out It was well worth it not to see that game or getting involved in any way shape or form except in my blackberry with it See you know ESPN has got a great for those of you people who got well Everybody can do it on their cell phone or on their you know Blackberry just click on the ESPN website on NFL scores and then click on whichever game you're interested And it gives you like a play by play of every play Now you don't really think I was sitting there watching every play while I'm sitting my machine do it because it was not But often enough to see was a disaster the master of disaster Maybe Tom Brady was like stowed off his ass over the weekend and partying a little bit too much Maybe that was the problem especially this time of the year Too many movado spots WQAM hello to what's jess Why would they ever gonna fix that line water is this gonna be a permanent part of the show? Yes, oh George says they either will fix it or it will be a permanent part of the show They'll fix it when they fix that CD player that never plays right that man when they get around the bed our crack engineering staff Man there on top of it just ask that George Corso That's what we'd like for a Christmas is an engineering staff WQAM hello Hello Neo yes, how are you okay? I was traveling so I had to vote that didn't hear the show Thursday That's what that's one of those I was happening to be a family with oh, sorry. Yeah, it's not that bad anymore. He'll be there a while Sir I'm in there in long time and I've known his there to go back I was yeah, I agree, but I was a miss the saga over summer's pretty nice up there miss the saga All right, oh Uh-huh, it's nice up there with summer one on one there in July, but you know still be hot everywhere, right? Okay, well see you around hey if you guys had some good material he was insane Lewis and Mrs. Saga he gets around Sweet in here the show on Thursday a lot of people didn't hear the show Thursday I'm not gonna I'm not gonna we hash it for a second time. That's the last thing. I need to be doing right now. Okay? The last thing Because one thing I've discovered in my own people nimble mind life goes on, you know We'll say it's by the Miguel trying to screw up my life with his my space page This plan we still have 814 friends on there that number doesn't seem to be increasing even like a tad now And of course it does a while a little bit back and forth sometime We lose some because we have some people on there who want to be our friend and then we go realize this Who it is in the the X him off of it. We'll quick don't you that I do I see who could this possibly be on a bat line Q. I am You know if a girl calls me because of me Get her name they're all definitely women the call me It's not just a few months What 20 years I get to go home. It's a little bit late to try to change your image now miss Kent a little bit low normal I mean this is really shocking What do you want what do you want don't you understand you've had 400 chances on a radio they've all been Disemble failures on stations where have that old points and ratings. Okay. What is it you want attention You have to go in the real iron in there. Maybe I can hook you up with Jacob okay Because you have one thing in common you both love attention go away normal Although I wouldn't do that to Jacob or anybody else I don't think Jacob's you want to weigh it all over Maybe he has again 942 votes on the full norma is that amazing or what does this just I know it would happen You know what I'm gonna make it all is waiting for him to call for a normal to call because then When I call this he was a very nice lady. She said you graduated high school with them That didn't mean we were inviting you to call you had nothing to say okay you had nothing to say You should have been calling about Danny that called to start the show about how come I'm not on tourist or radio since you're my agent lawyer in Hopshut and You know Responsible for me being on this horseball radio station Make an easy paul three dollars and You know I'm gonna say another thing if he was really a good lawyer He would have been able to take care of that thing with my will without asking for all these additional and then Then would have been over with say if he could have done it right? You know what I'm saying what he said? I'm saying he could have helped me avoid all that sourcing grief and angst you know Always good to blame things and somebody else as you know and usually it's George And that building it's usually poor little George You know that's evil. You know doesn't like baby because George is saying that's correct just like Who do Q a M hello W Q a M hello Q a M Yes, sir. You want to go fishing with me? No thanks Although several things do sound fishy to me and you're one of them. W Q a M hello I think that I wanted drop his pull in the water Q a M hello High school was normal Well congratulations to them. I speak well for you Okay, back to you. Well, there's a guy didn't go to a has no don't ever call on a bat line again normal Don't call period just go a way How come in the middle of the day like that he you know got like him hot shot attorney how can he's not doing some work? How come he's calling in trying again desperately to be a radio a celebrity That's a way call in the Joyce Kaufman showed us more of your alley norma Joyce Kaufman I wonder if she's can a George S Kaufman who used to be on flats my line as chicken. I feel tight 950 votes on the pool. We got that 1000-liked real easy man Which of these do you want to hear no more about parasolton and Brittany and Kevin? I got the their way out in front. It's basically a two-hospirase The parasolton thing is just that that's what's wrong with the world. I'm what's wrong with America right there George W. Bush and parasolton most two ever seen together Maybe daddy now what's gonna happen when when study boy this one gets impeached do you think daddy's gonna be crying about that? Oh, I can't wait for the next speech and how come he didn't take more crap for that? What a lunatic Do that maybe 94 election You're gonna go to a floor then They said all those terrible things about his boy and his boy didn't win that election because and I read it We had an interesting article on the website about the fact that you know his whole game plan was that the first it was gonna be two terms for W Then two terms for the gebstr Of course in his own case it was only one term because Baba kick his ass with his thousand points of light and we might lips This is the Neil Roger show Two with their Ск αυτό Any questions Cramoow what does the deal with the network Eightth of確 Some words Laugh Sorry that was me and then he used up some things and everybody's her 30 if you're a father Jeefer, but oh, I'm not sick it then you prove the coup actin like the shoot Not live up with the I'm a big one I'm coming in life with my I can't reach my big bacon's off My My My My My My My My My My My I My My My But I say no way Creamers heckered wasn't fired by the rapper who pitted play You should have gotten out of it, turn it into a bit Wending out, oh you gotta shout it, shit shit shit shit But now you said that word that you cannot say And you said it with the ear on and not But I want to say And you can't say word I don't get the money, so Just stop saying the word No Right, I just thought saying I'm making a thing No, I don't want to jump on it I'm making it I'm making it It's a bourbon home boy That's Tom, smooth E-t-e-t-e-e-e-e-e-e-s Smooth E I thought it was more like the water not see myself But what I know There is no water not see keep it in mind I'm 176 votes on the pool world on the precipice Run on the edge of a thousand Pretty exciting Pretty great cram That is good red is the calls though so far Spending in the contentious run client Clayshock congressional contest this year We've been stranded spirit levels by election day The total which exceeds 13 and a half million Dollars works out to a sixty three dollars and 51 cents For every vote cast in the bar of Palm Beach kind of history Sixty three and a half bucks of vote Times victory November was the culmination of one of the most expensive Congressional contest in the USA The reason is no secret any South forbidding with a TV Said the contest was bought largely over the airways And more than a few more of the most expensive TV markets Client in Democrat from Boca and Shaw a staaggy right We were public in from four-laterdale Spending from line seven point seven million dollars And in addition five point nine men was spent on their behalf With 96% of that cash coming from the Democrat and Republican committees Charged with some of any other idea How you like that? Sixty three and a half bucks of vote And you know everything is on the upper left of the government No fortunate about that Five six seven oh five sixty nine hundred eighty four under pool May we're gonna have that thousand any second then I'm gonna disappear I'm gonna take a walk I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have a I'm gonna do a Joyce and the cheer here right on the air today That other live in things all right I've got to put them on a cruise ship and I have wild screaming diarrhea I was in Ha ha ha ha ha There are crews not at baby. Stop my Mickey Yeah Mickey needs you buddy go on another one of those damn cruise ships and make you make yourself like your insights have been scoured You know just sick as a dog like I felt last week kind of like that like I would have swallowed a whole bottle of a earth for a myson WM hello WM hello Hey, you got a thousand on your floor. You're doing better and we'll share and brilliant Ah WM hello Okay, man. Good today. I'm sorry didn't I predict this before we started before we embarked upon this adventure This adventure in lunacy and insanity 560560 and pound five six to leave a rising in singular wireless line WQA and hello Hey, yeah, man. Yeah, man What is what do you got to guess woman man? I want you been working on this accent mine. You're I want you been working on this 40 accent mine You're a fagg it man. Yeah, man. That's right. I'm a fagg it mine and happy about it. Come back on a banana boat and go back and see Harry's elephant day Smuck I'm a 84 votes you're a fogging man. There's a bulletin for you. Niels a faggot. All right WQA and hello Talk to me. Speaking You know I got one for your pull it's a frequent pulse subject, but it's one you haven't done it a long time It's restaurants. We love that are gone and I'm gonna give you one that that I think you probably Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait. What do you mean I've got one for your pull. I don't understand anything I've got you saying what a line with a speed answer a future ball. Oh That's beautiful. Not today's fault. The future. Okay. All right restaurants. We love in South Florida That are no longer around right. You know before four I know you got about a million times right. He knows that he just got your saying that But here's the thing there's one that you didn't put on there Neil, but I think you want to like you really how I need to pull against We can add one more for you a which restaurant is that sir that is the house in burial house and in popular beach remember that one never heard of it You can stuff your face with mediocre food is great never heard of it Okay, well some go stuff something right now back to 90 9 on the full wall The other way from a thousand wow a vegetable table and would be proud make will proud okay make daddy proud WQAM hello. Hey buddy. Yes, sir. I give a try that I can do as I know it would be It's pretty interesting Is it really the Hagenaz and Hollywood beach. I have to give that a try Wow Seriously, these people are in desperate need of Mental help but then again you already know that because you're stuck there. Yeah, I'm not and I'm for and it makes me so much happier when we finish When we conclude a tour clock on a day like this, which is almost every day when we're taking calls it makes me feel so relieved not to be there WQAM hello WQAM hello Yeah, meals are boyfriend the Tom Brady did and performed too smoothly yesterday now. No, yeah I told you he was an ex-gator at you more. Oh, I see. Oh, yeah Ha ha ha ha ha. Let me say it again the patriots are gonna win the division you're going to the playoffs How you're dolphins gonna do huh? Say I knew that There's two things in my mind. I knew be on the shadow of a doubt after doing that show Thursday I would be getting calls and factors like the one I just threw in the aircraft or they're the facts and I'd be getting like this after the patriots stuck to join out, okay, yeah, we want to game you moron. It makes me am moron because my team stuck to join out again lost a game. Let's see. They're not in for the fish are six and seven lives time. I checked them. I write about that Miguel six and seven. Yeah, sounds like a losing record to me But nevertheless see this is this is an mentality of the sports nerds my team's better near came Therefore I'm a better person. Yeah, you should have been so long You smuck I'm a good part. They watched the game that makes them better because they picked the winner rather than the loser Yeah, no, they didn't pick the win. They see when their team on those rare occasions when their team plays well and wins again Then all of a sudden, you know, then they've talked big which is the typical soft-floor to fnway You know, because that's all they know And you want to know why I have no line. That's it because they're stuck WQA M hello No, that's like a chicken in the egg question would these people this way before they got stuck in South Florida as a result of being stuck there or is this so what South Florida's all about? You pick ABRC. That's good point. But there is let's take a poll on that after we do the restaurant in Hollywood We can eat all the crap or wherever the hell it was That guy was brilliant to a do that poll again so we can add one more on there for me or place where you need a lot of them What do you say mediocre food? Great, I can't wait to try that one sounds like my favorite automatically WQA M hello QA M You're dying over there. No, I'm not dying over here. You're dying over here And that's because you're there and I'm here. That's why WQA M hello You're doing I think some people are some people are just being their whole life I don't think people really change like that you know I think there's probably this match in those real people forever What you agree? Where I agree yes And there's something else I want to say if I could if I No, regardless of returning this thing you like take two or three hours Oh, thank you. Thank you. Actually, you know, I tried to call when you were sick I speak whatever it's not the George and I'm stolen a man this is a guy. I had a clock to me and I was stolen a man as it went along and I just wanted to Call my god a river Excellent I'm an office for the poll yeah My guardian I'm going to say first off that Anybody who when you enter the phone asks for Neil you should hang up on because how are How much how much can you live into the show and not get the idea that you're answering? We've been called one screenless on a show for at least six or seven years now and then you know It's just but again that I'm when he listen to their material you finger it out, you know? Yeah, so hi, can I please be to Neil This is Neil. Oh, this is Neil You know, but anyway regarding the poll using the end word I think one of the choices would be and I use the end word anytime I see a broken beer bottle Maybe didn't take part. Yeah, I see it Thousands six months on the poll. How do you like that? And this guy yeah, I think that they didn't reverse it. You know what I'm saying? Well, who knows where they put the tube? In his spectrum 2006 votes on the poll man. We already it's only 11 11. We struck in actual it's 11 on we got a thousand and six votes man Old man a shevets You see one thing about South Florida you this bit of 10 10 now 10 10 wins New York This time of the year changes nothing In fact, I think they become even more rabbit at this time of the year. Don't you? Absolutely you know they that's a they are fantastic that you know very well What is the voters the suicide crimes of violence all that goes up around this time of year? Yeah, they become a little more crazy this time of year Well, that's because the pressure is on you know and if I'm a lord if they're in Florida They're probably thinking I have no like that or maybe I'm dying 12 at a chapter 11 at five 60 WMI like it though I thought that all week long we can continue the momentum this level this level of enthusiasm and Grow testness as this file with me You When 11 17 at five 60 WMP Perfect is the work for these calls but the audience wanted them back man and I came to the pressure of public opinion That's right That was also on my space and you're placed in my space and thanks a lot my yuffin at my space It's certainly just added to my life tremendously Anytime we couldn't live without it we still have 814 members on it I'll I would imagine those people are probably a cut above the people hearing from on a phone today Not much but like a cut above a notch Oh, you're gonna be happy to hear this The governors were a fist that's your fat ass governor is satisfied therefore a lot of the LC Commission You're Carlton more received no preferential treatment where you stop by sheriff if any December the tier Our preliminary review is complete there'll be no further action taking by this office at the governor's folksman Anthony don't call me down dellways At the time of the traffic stuff more than the average drivers license instead produced a city ID card Practing the governor's office to review whether more was using his position as leverage or I can't imagine anybody doing that can you? No, not this town Or in any town more stated by a BSO's deputy for driving with a suspended license according to police reports More is knowingly been driving with a suspended license since August court document show The commissioner is accused before law available police you mean if setting them up because of his criticism of the departments use of deadly force Especially the shooting of two men homophysers pulled over in November 28 for driving a vehicle I was reported a card jacking coconut a creek try eddines 21 was killed as past new Troy Jackson was wounded the shooting which occurred in the system Ontario in forlaterdale Which what the whole Zach I did with this fact is guys driving But again, you know your fat ass cover said that I know problem no harm no follows Nobody says to my fans like that and believe me when your last name is bush unless it's Reggie you're probably pretty foul thousand 27 votes on the poll not too bad five six seven oh five 60 Count five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line why turn you want to the phones are smoking now are they Smoked something you know George needs some help for the holidays by the way he needs a he needs a reinforce supply Jim trying to like find some group crap for you. I appreciate that a nice truck load of years. Yeah, that would be good WQA and hello 40 Number of happy for WQA and hello To end Yes, sir I'd like to discuss the problems for out of the George The problems I'm having with George it's a sky again, remember Is the Ability to me. Yeah, yeah, you're in ability to be like a human being and to breathe through your nose. Okay Stop breathing through your acta. Okay. He's got a long shoe. Yeah, and he keeps breathing through it Don't forget in the blue you'll like what's your name in there? What's the album like we're already? I see her like yeah, what's his name Paul what's his name? Oh, I did I am DB him by the way. He's reminded me on the clothes like there's a Movies something in the South Pole because I looked at his as whole filmography I mean right so sorry, you won't be naked at home. We'll be like always. I'll be mad at him like in a parker But that's the only one that might not suck. I saw a little bit of it and what I saw didn't suck all the rest of this stuff that he's been in is a Trosha's and you couldn't pay me to watch Mike in the blue it's really now you watch that because there's a lot of there's boobies in there and I'll kind of just check it out boobies. It's a movie for boobies about boobies and about people almost naked this and in the Beautiful cinematography in there too by the way. Good lot of underwater crap That's why it was catfish like it down there 567.0560 and Pound five 60 leave a rise in singular why don't sign you people gonna drop in your pool into water and eat in them catfish Oh my god I don't know what's more discussing me even sushi or catfish which would be I like them both W2AM hello Neil it'll be awesome if you could do like a do up type show just a little bit yeah, okay rig for the old number Do you keep doing it QA and hello QA in Is it Leo There he goes the other guy was right there. Even though the guy was a jackass was sticking his shoe open with bag I think it was empty his bag and the car as he was calling Is this new yeah, he's right every time somebody pulls that crap in media dial tone WQAM hello W to this Brian Andrews that's her QAM hello your Pakers lost your And your teammate gonna make the play on again Too bad I sure change his my life W to QAM hello a whole another Christmas without tiny you faster Oh man, I'll bring his asses over to your house and sprinkle on your actual like that sweetheart. We'll give you something tiny WQAM hello Yes, Neil yes, sir. Yes, half or more caller called any call you a T boy Boy I don't know why it's cutting out about T boy and what is that? Boy, that's your make Where keeps K out All right to make him for game on oh well, I'm I'm gonna offend it well. Thanks for splendid to me Okay, boy, but the boy And that's probably jealous cuz every now and then I find a good machine man. I good my machine man That holds your making thing man. It leaves me as you make it to be like illin Is it what leaves me kind of like that whole I woulder That whole affectation you know and I kind of like condescending attitude but nevertheless 1,35 hosts you run a batti boy show WQAM hello You know in swear I know that everything that you're gonna catch a question Yeah, because I know a thomaseries call couldn't possibly be who said these people bother me Oh, I know they don't I think it's actually funny the way they call him because you know it Especially when they're talking about the dopens or the Patriots would have the dopens once since 1973 You know right They want you in a tag and who got yeah, Stu got 567.0560. Santa most Stu got his boyfriend make dumb a stick about that not fooling me Probably another batti boy Oh man those Jamaicans They really get to me Yeah, you should let these calls bother you knew that they really only bought him into most and that's on the 10th and the 25th of each month Usually a couple days early before those days lately you cry and cry and you need that check to see Oh, what am I gonna do they're bringing me to me? What am I gonna do? You're not like a man There you go, I'm like a man. That's the way to do it still like an overgrown child WDQAM hello hey, how are you doing okay, sir? There was a how are no how are they have exciting in the press box yesterday? Yeah, and basically After he leaves people talk behind his back and say every see a guy and you're like to have more opportunities In the industry and blue a mall right some self out of all these all that's correct that is correct. Yes See you see right another stay a friend of mine striven home for land on one of turn biking one five four Trom and you had to go to bed they both on the side of the road a highway trooper Folsom over gives them a ticket for urinating in public puts me to back at a car and says sir I have to write you take it Dice says I've been a Warren officer I give to the you know please forever society and everything that goes here's to take it nine hundred dollars because what nine hundred dollars sir $100 an inch goodbye happy holiday Boy, no five known the show is gonna go this way. Yeah, I find it what he was gonna be as funny as that I don't like to actually pay the attention out of called in busy this morning Oh, give another ten minutes you will be If you're not already 142 votes in our world famous pool man this one is it's it's it's what it is you know It's a pool which are these do you want to hear no more about Parasultant 268 British slash Kevin 233 meals buddy Jacob 98 is boy toy Brands are in a six or 84 sports talk 77 ready Quinn 64 Now why is it that they don't don't want to hear about Brady Quinn? Are you kidding? Wait that's me maybe it has something to do with my being a batti boy that could borts and Thought he's gonna get a lot more faggy is the time goes on because I and I do it intentionally because I know it It just drives some people crazy and I love them or faggy. Yeah, much more faggy iraq 60 politics 53 Christmas 42 is that X miss I hate this pool 373 and half percent and global warming only 26 so stay tuned for our global warming segment coming up every day The tart warning in between that and what's his name? Do Rosen how steamberg ended the other guy what's the guy's name? He's that's can you me go now what's the other guy more walk a walker street? Yeah, Paul Walker street Jerk jerk Kirk or Kirk Street burger whatever those are that always good segments like turns has lined up to do his best to try and sandbag and destroy the morning show I hope you told Kenny that the Christmas party. I did not it was like a show with life You know, I want to I just want to say one thing to you okay and all in all sincerity in life There's a time to shut up and Not necessarily in that order wake up and shut up It was my suggestion to hear that you don't want to shut up Good thing I like you that's all I can say It's better that my space stuff is a yeah, well, I'm and I will see how that works out You know, they've worked on that deal is still up in here, you know better make some call to go deal Rodgers He's here, so I am a hint I And I jumped up to see what in a hell rag it could be I looked around the corners Quite hard to believe I saw Santa but he did not see Asked who there's finally I didn't make a sound of both toys from his bag and his breath them all around He'd go my stockage with cartridges and then he even sat down What I saw next is most sure to us now He walked to the tree and tore off a branch He was thin as pocket any pull out a match Spray cups of needles stuck him in his pipe Then he struck the match and he gave it all right His eyes grew smaller as cheeks started to blow they walked to the tree and they filled another bowl Started though, but it came out here was a night less Santa Claus Carbuzz by smote in my Christmas tree All right I said He said how do you make a special one? Why do you rain here fine? We're on up then all the cookies and milk if I was high And that was the night that Santa Claus got one buzz by smoking my Christmas tree Which races the question? What ever happened to our good old friend guitar man? Is he still around or he liked to go through that again? What do you mean by that? He went the long version of the short version short He don't want to do this anymore I'm not talking I didn't ask you that. Oh, yeah, I guess he's still up there and was palm lounge slow So I ask how's he doing is he doing now? I'm Brian it's gonna see you boy. I think you are certainly sure I think that guy to call to about my problem with you. I think you may have a point. I didn't think I was being certainly 567.056 to you. Yeah, we had to go through this again for the eight minute time you uh, you know About a boy About a boy 157 votes on a pool. Yeah, that whole machine thing mine. It's a good machine mine. It's just I don't know Now you would probably think that I had like some of bias towards Jamaican people and you know you probably ready Correct 567.0560 and pound pie. Why you know I see this is one thing about life that really gets me, you know, it's politically getting right world This crap about well, you know everybody supposed to love everybody else well that's facet I mean for everything that's going out in the world of the is because everybody hates everybody else Yeah, they don't believe the same fairy tales whether they don't uh well whatever, you know Whatever the deal is Nobody says they got a like maybe but I'm sure there are some nice Jamaican people out there I don't ever hear from any and I certainly have never met any. I have I'll several yeah You know several and of course you all do business with all of next week. You're suckin I keep saying whatever is right 567.0560 pound five 16th of a rise in singular wireless line W2AM hello Yes, sir Terry Shive was hardly class yet. Did you have a song when she was singing I got Shive was brain I got Shive was size Shive was grave I thought there was something that she did the I'll take a look and see if I got it okay, I'm not a fan of them All these and make believe what do you think Not making fun What what is he talking about What what what are you raving lunatic? No, maybe the same one because he's another breather. No, no, this is it that one there was Some ethnic guy that called me for it was me. There was like some Indian guy or something like that I don't know breather. There's a telemarketing kind of people from India. Yeah What was the thing on that on CBC last night about the Indian telemarketing and it took them all sitting in this big orifice You know and you're all making the big bucks and whatever 9 grand a month Almost as much as you're making almost 561 votes and I don't know if that's dollars or rupees or whatever they got over there You know, maybe they just pay him in like three sauce maybe they should be a little carry on it It's Terry Shive those things with that great boys. Well Terry Shive those things. Yes. Are you sure? It's a yeah, it's bokeh bit But that's a Christmas thing no Oh from the producers of America. I'm not gonna play it then we got all kinds of Terry Shive obits I don't want to hear about Terry and her true Okay, that was kind of like with me like Ali on only not quite as hysterical almost though And the president had leave his Crawford ranch and rush back to Washington and Congress had a Would you ever get a era or go back to whatever they were doing one of their four days of warrior that they work They had a convene again so they'd take the vote on Terry and her You ride because they're pandering to those far business of Goyamothi that's what it's all about That's American politics for you who can be the biggest bunch of pandeers So I think to be a panda bear it's nothing to be a panda bear But there's rock medinja which I got a story about him. Oh my did you It ran a re-instance of the swept of the speech by president Mothmode Ahmadineja And of course did you say rain university setting fire was picture and heckling him They were going like That's who I of course Some students tended radical slogans and inflamed the atmosphere of the meeting said the at the Amir Cabirian University said the a semi official far-smooth agency is today which is close to how paninija That's him a small number of students out of death in the dictator and smash cameras of state TV But they were confronted by a bigger group of students of all chanting we support Ahmadineja That's the guy Nice to have offered by the way You gathered it to jac pennies on sale. I thought it was a K-bar It was the latest in the series of student demonstrations in recent days the first time in at least two years It says protests to take place on this scale on our rainy universities Ahmadineja responded by describing those students attending the slogan says and oppressive minority A small number of people claim there's a pressure creating a person and don't let the majority hear my words He'd be saying a quarterly student news agency Whatever it is I SNA Ahmadineja responded with the students chance of students can die but they don't accept degradation by flashing out at the USA I'll see in this a saga. I kind of keep telling me who's in this is saga. Well congratulations Maybe you'll make it up to asha was someday if you really make the big time Today the worst type of dictatorship in the world is the American dictatorship which has been closed and human rights He said our students are free and they fight and die but do not accept the foreigners missions or bend of them here They don't bend It is my honor to burn for the sake of the nation's ideals and defend the system of the idea they're not a much of bodyboys They don't bend over like that He was a quote in some protests who says set fire on his picture and markets must know then even as many of Jads body is Bird a thousand times for this purpose Often the Jad will not retreat even a centimeter from those ideals. I like people that always talk like in the third person like that Mm-hmm. Isn't that the third person cookie? Yeah. Yeah. What is it? Kukukuki. Kutney. Yes, and I don't start with after crappy we're talking before about Brittany. Okay That was really I mean I thought they I thought that guy died at the clock hunter Right cry. Yeah, he died all these people miss what all these violent animals man That's what happens in the end you get it you get it in the end just like that guy who is screaming about his bad got They ripped open or whatever they got your buddy that called you last week. Yeah, that's close First person. We all have so many of them, you know Thousands and 72 votes on the pool so far man. We are rolling along seeing the song get some great calls today This could be one of the all-time best of the I'm pleased his punch Especially to find out after all these years that I'm a butter boy Aren't you pleased I've achieved ever do that. Oh batter up. No, I've actually made you know You know 1072 Which of these do never you want to hear no more about never again per sultant 275 Brittany slash Kevin two 38 Neals buddy Jacob 101 Who knows maybe he'll do another vanishing routine. It's possible. You never know what a child Brangely in 1991 sports talk 78 Brady Quinn 66 that to me is just see the rest I can live or take you know as far as you're attitude you're attitude toward my buddy Brady is very hostile and inexplicable and inexplicable There's jealous Erack 62 politics 54 Christmas 42 Here it is the 11th of the December two weeks before the Gluy Shahaladi and there's 42 people alone here no more about Christmas I hate this pool 39 came point six percent global warming only 26 two point four percent I think I have a stop at it. I Do I do it that well that's why I shouldn't have probably played that right there, but then again You know me I'm looking at this show. It's like already 155 is what I'm pretty proud of it. I'm Friday Right the last Friday before they sell the state Staging in pay everybody off their big contracts That should get you to less right anyway You know this thing that Huh I'm looking at this thing that was asked to me by that hanker railroad guy who fancies himself as being a sales guy Remember when our sales man were came in there and told me what a sticker for detail he was and he was gonna do it you know This this is just it is what it is you know it's just is what it is. I'm really through the other thing out the old one So I just you know Oh, it's just astonishing to me. Oh, we heard somebody right copy QAM and you're gonna see a big improvement here. Yeah, right tell me another story Joe make me laugh Okay tell me something that'll make me laugh give me anybody Here. Yeah, I do you know Honey 27. I'm the 27 pair Excuse me, you show you got 27 I got 27 You have 28 This one that wasn't set well it may back up a pound of more to tell of anything else. Yeah, I'm found the shybos break Oh It's a little All right, see that was worth playing. I think I would have ever played it again So there you go. Yeah, there we go. There you go. I know that's a surge right Come on if still no that five 60. Nobody can we got a thousand ninety six goes on the full will be over 1100 in a second now Man in the audience out there. They're right now done under risk like that poor guy in the momento They're right in down under risk to make an illustration checking it twice To see if they're gonna be not a nice and of course on the phone today. It's been a real. It's been a tweet As it oh yeah 5670560 pound five six-degree Verizon cigarette of Rallus line Senator Barack Obama inch closer to a presidential run with his first visit to New Hampshire Home of the inaugural primary election in the campaign for the White House Obama who went to the granite state yesterday to headline a democratic party of victory celebration To reporters that people are very hungry for leadership that moves beyond the small and petty slash and burn politics And we've seen over the past several years. That's what Barack be saying Speaking later to a sold-out crowd at the right of the hotel in Manchester You'll know a Democrat outlined in the agenda that includes universal health care A new energy strategy that takes advantage of alternative sources of fuel fiscal responsibility of the national security policy that is tough and smart Not dumb like Fredo, but smart like me like him Buzz around in Obama one has intensified since he said in October that he's considering seeking the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 He plans to make a decision in early the mid January The freshman senator and former state legislature refers to track the national attention with his keynote speech to the 2004 Democratic convention is quickly vaulted toward the top and polls measuring 2008 contenders he's moved alongside or ahead of former senator john Edwards and North Carolina who's his boring as a dog turd And other potential founders trading behind firm under sender Hillary Clinton She's the front runner, but he's right on her ass Probably got a nose clip when you think I bad he has an aura of charisma said mark right in political science professor at the University of New Hampshire That's a big draw at the moment Clinton is widely regarded as the candidate to be if she decides to run yet concerns about her favorite ability ratings or low Favorite ability ratings of an independent Senate Republicans have some Democrats looking for an alternative Steven Hess presidential scholar of the Brookings Institute in Washington says Henry is a terribly smart person, but she's been our face since 1992. She's annual face baby He said Democrats are looking for somebody new especially young people Somebody new not the same old face the same old smell of Hillary At 45 years old and barely tears of our experience a bammal would be among the youngest candidates in the race JFK who at 43 was the youngest person ever elected president at three terms in the house eight years in the Senate A bammal's like a couple of experience coupled with no foreign policy or military background maybe a liability a field of Season senators like sworey he can slip out of an antipel any moment has said see not to me I look at that as a racial comment see they can slip out of an antipel don't you will look at it that way Or yeah, we're gonna be pretty pretty pretty good He used that as next standoff routine slip out of an antipel very nice very nice Steven Hess my ass 111 votes on the poll WQAM hello, yeah, you're buying last today. Yeah, I'm buying it and you're eating it WQAM hello To am oh Mark here. I have a answer to the trivia question Yeah He ain't no my spindell. I'll say that let's get a trivia show on with my spindell instead of that Jax sniffing what is that show we got in the weekend jax sniffing Jax Jax straps with time Alexander in the history of my life and a very interesting so ridiculous a show called John Straps I will say this That copies situation that I just encountered there that epitomizes everything that's going on in a place right now That's not when that's why we're not like we used to be kicking big fat nasty Harry Smelly ass Like we should be in they used to be and it could be Schlock we got people in a building who are just Schlocking and sliding their way through life like Hank Guerrero for example he would know a piece of copy if you took 10 of them and stuck him in his ear With it with a mallet with a ball-peen hammer Hank Guerrero my ass and yourselves managers got the clips for the coming there remember that they came in a couple of months ago Oh, this is a guy that's really on top of the you have to worry about Hank Guerrero He's gonna have you know copy uh blah blah blah Like I said A lot of cuts about I think he came probably swam down from the cool olasi river by way of entry W Q a and hello Q a m Do I have it out I punched it nothing happened to me. I'm hello. Oh, no, wait man. There you go. I'm on my place. Hello Hello, yes, sir. You know what it's cockcase like Chicken five six Five six seven oh five sixty Five sixty leave a rising singular wireless line whatever rest that I call them a name We need it all When you relax Jesus God you are That was good That's what we always hear What is that something else with that that makes sense You really are whatever you've just said W Q a m hello Q a m A m Yes, sir, the domino does that it's a Yeah, they they got a meat lover type people going on now Calling it the Wilton Manor style pizza Yeah, pass the phone back here boy friends. We'd all shmuck W Q a m hello What this thing is doing funky things this phone Q a m Shhhhh It's probably it's probably crumbling from the pressure to calls, you know It's giving women doubt it's given out. W Q a m hello Yeah, I didn't graduate with Norma Kent We'll make my holidays if uh You play that bit worried at the drive through that's the best Jack in the box no Norma Kent or he's ordering norma Kent is if the drive through We're y'all were you Looking on your contract, but he's the cheese burger is more important oh Hold up I have five pizza burger combos with our super sized iron call confrise a new contract with the two-year extension and a dozen separately And I want to leave paper bag of grivinous Gallinopestachio mid ice cream industrial side box of court flags a one month membership the blue boy online and a court of some young guy Yeah, uh a cool cool sandwich on popernacle line flavored Chris go fluffy a box of tripe tenders 10 nearly burgers Bromo salsa and pocket full of miracle for now. Yeah Man and you know he steal it with the Anny I said try Hey, right, guys. Oh, is he still having a free baseball card? Does that favor you leave? Ah, okay. That's a nice shot. Alright, now there was a good call. Fizzy it requests something I never would have played again. Called Norma Kent by the way for future reference. Okay, Norma Kent. And I got she can. Lebanon and the full Lebanon R9 votes for those who will keep track. I'm sure we got some lifeless people out there. They keep like keep score every day. They got like a little dire we out there and how many of these will you pull you today? What? They got their little notebook. Yeah, that's right. There's a little spiral pad. By the way, guess what was it with, I guess they got with you guys. Look alike. He, I get anywhere near that clown. Oh, brother. You know, you travel the world and you know somebody just unbelievably annoying and retard Oh and just idiotic and you think, Well, that's one of the six big, you know. And then you find out, oh, he's got a twin brother. And there he was. Doll. Don't look at my machine. Okay, don't look at my machine. Now look at this, okay. Seafing count this high. This is very quick. Whenever I shape up all, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 for one hour. All right. Oh, you can tell your fans. You don't like the end of men. If they have some requests, you'll just say, Oh, and then tell them I can't. To tell them management. You want nobody messing with your show. Go around from 10 to 2. And when you're shift is through, tell George you can relax and score some lead. All right. And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to the show. And he can go to hell. Even almost makes you miss Craig Reed. But don't play a part. And the sound of a part. I don't think George would understand. Because if you play a part. The sound of a part. You'll be in trouble with the busy plan. Okay. 12 out to it. Okay. 12 out to it. How do we go from 814 to 835 friends on our my space page so fast? Because I just sat there approving like 20 people or so. Really? So you actually get involved with that stuff. It maintains the page. Are you sure it's how weren't maintaining it for a long time? Because it was like a whole lot of, I mean, whenever to help you got me involved in that thing last week. I went to and I deleted like 87 billion things. Yeah, the emails. Yeah, whatever. I mean, how they were. Yeah. You don't need to delete them. I don't want to leave them there. What do they want to leave them there for for crying out? Because it takes effort to delete them. Yeah. Well, I mean, you know, get with it. Get with the program. He's got the other things to worry about. 12 or three is five, 60. That would be good. I got a really, remember like, you probably don't. Because you don't pay any attention even though you claim you're the one I want to hear me read these. Huh? Yeah. Nick Patio and you remember a very thing about God and about all another, I think that was a good article. And another really good one too by the same guy from our, it's on the smurfing ship. In God, we trust it's on the money. It's on the money, honey. He says, is there any other culture in the world that has exploded? There were religious icons like Americans, Christians have exploded. God and Jesus. It's old news. The George W. Bush and Carl Rokwey today. Coalition rooted in Christian support to win their relations. It's newer news that abortion sider has exposed them. It gimmick reanished, exploitation of Christians by the Republican power brokers. Liberals had this puzzle piece together years ago when Republican masterminds invid the, we vote pro life movement. How frustrating it was to crawl with someone who votes pro life based on the single issue of abortion, while ignoring monumental environmental problems, the proliferation of guns, ramp and corruption neglected the mentally ill and impoverished. It seemed amazing that Republicans strategists were able to get millions of Christians to vote for candidates because they were supposedly wearing the Christian label while blatantly representing the antithesis of everything that Jesus cared about. But then again Jesus never could have envisioned a, could he have ever envisioned any power pick-up trucks, adornment with metallic, anxious fish and glowing bupriced against proclaiming what his legacy means to swarms of Americans. Real men love Jesus. His pain is your gain. Ponk if you love Jesus. This power is prayer conditioned. In case of rapture, this car is yours. TGIF. TGIF. Thank God I'm forgiven. Would you follow Jesus this close? For all you do, his bloods for you. Oh God. I persist on ahead the voice of Frederick from Woody Allen's Hannah and her sisters in my head. If Jesus came back and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up. He would think he'd been on a cruise over the weekend. Your public in puppet masters are the only ones benefiting from the manipulation of the simple mind of what a during their cars with this twaddle. Obviously the telepangelists are the most direct beneficiaries followed by the rest of the sisters that pass the collection basket and then into all the ways of life. Let's talk about how the immensely lucrative industries that have been spawned by giving the faithful what they want to need, all the affirmation slogans are also available on coffee mugs, t-shirts, sweatshirts, bookmarks, banners and wall plaques. If you're so inclined, capitalistic Christians have the ideal item for you, and they have a Mr. Single Heaven-Septemic. Send it to candles, promise to fit your home with the biblical odors of frankincense and while various other Romans are designed to quiet your mind and lead you to more picture-perfect devotion. And who would be me burning their candles without a candle holder and scribe with the words, I am the land of the world. Your walk-lock takes away the seconds while the hands of times we pass inspirational messages like, as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. And just to keep you mindful of your piety while in the kitchen, why don't invest in some Christian kitchenware, including Scripture-inscribed poet, apottery, pot holders, serving where, pie plates, cutting boards, napkin rings, coasters and aprons. And don't forget what it's time to drive the dishes, you'll need your Thessalonian dish towels. Whose bathroom would be complete without some fruit of the spirit bath towels? That's right, you can even dry your work or worn hands on luxury and terric cloth and voss with inspirational quotes from some of your favorite biblical action heroes. And when it's time to eat your book, the biscuits in a beautiful basket, or in a bed with a Bible verse that makes me a thymore inspirational than ever. Made up of solid maple, each basket is lazyed with, give us this day our daily bread and extraordinary addition to any table. How about a lazy Susan painted with a verse of two from Corinthians? It's the ultimate compliment to your right-blin napkins that are lovingly imported with, come Lord Jesus be our guest and let these gifts to us be blessed. Why stop for that a quote when you can eat an array of foods from a most ingenious habit called food for life. They offer bread's buns, muffins, pocket bread, cereals tortillas and poses. There is equal on a food stuff is inspired by a Bible verse that actually gives the recipe for whole grain products. Their whole grain bread is made from the seed bearing creases mentioned in Genesis, packaged with co-fall artwork of doves and Bible quotes, these fine foods are available in your grosser's freezer and they're sure to figure out in more ways than one. Don't overlook the kids, just in case they're not already embarrassed or slightly frightened by your lifestyle, you might just want to turn off the TV and set them to play with some wonderful Bible-based wooden building blocks. Who needs Barney when your offspring can amuse themselves and build a fort from Britain grade with Bible verses, it all stacks up to hours of fun. Toys the name of the game for the whole family with incredible Bible memory matching games, goodbye candy land, hello holy land. And the teens in the family will have a genuine hoot with a fruroyous box competitive games like Bible-mad gab, Bible outburst and the life of Christ's board game, put away clue and taboo and ask them fun with a holy book. Don't pass heaven, don't forget to tie the 200 bucks. Now let's go to the office where your business card holder bears witness to your devotion. And when you're signing those pink sluts contract in imperative Nemos, use your lovely Christian Rosewood pen. The perfect tool for the very special executive. It's laser engraved with Jesus Christ's Lord and can be used for years because you can refill it with standard cross refills. And when it's time for bed, isn't it a comfort to know that you're greasy here and money or are sorely in a pillow that reminds you that I can do everything through him who gives me strength? Just be careful not to put your face in the pillow to read his you dosing off. Suffocation can be unforgiving. These products are just a few of thousands if there's money to be made and merchous Christians haven't missed any angle. It's a jambour we have gimmicks, poison dollars. How appropriate that the unfailing slogan of all US currency boldly claims in God we trust. It's hard to argue with the relevance of that one. I think it says, Are you trusting? Some more than others. Some more than others. Hey, so here's an update. Yes. Fixed this game and look at that CD player. Yeah. Fixed it before when I wrote that memo. You know during my big lunch meeting. So now he's examining Miguel CDs to make sure the problem is the CD. No matter how many times we told him that the player was broken when it came in here, nobody's going to believe us. Yeah. Let's be the CD. So we're going to, you know, so fix it on the case and look in the frame and on the CD that I got was using. Oh, I thought maybe we're going to say that Hank Guerrero was in there or maybe the same. Oh, no. No. Not even important. You know, this is a true story. We once had, it was some kind of a restaurant. I think I'm pretty sure it was a restaurant. And the piece of copy I had was a new sponsor on here. It had no phone number and no address. Excellent. Remember that? Did it mention the product that we're trying to sell? Just vaguely. No phone number, no address. No city, no town, no state, no country, no planet. I mean, there would be mysterious. Mercury, you're raise yeah. It's really a great place. Evening in find us, you know, like that. We've got some good crap. Come and see if you can find this. And for reservations called me like that. 113 two votes on the full. So fix it on the case. So that tells me everything I need to know about that. But like you said, take the check twice a month on payday. That's what it's all about. That's what they want you to think it's all about. Because that's all, within it's all there is about. It's all about the money. Sunny. Which leads you want to hear no more about. No mole. Can't take it no mole. 113 two votes. Periscillten 292. Brittany and Kevin 257. The old's money Jacob is doing well over 100 votes. Now 104. Brands are leading 94. Sports talking 82. Brady Quinn 73. That just that one just pushes me a little over the edge. You don't say? I don't get it. What's not to like? Iraq 63. 56. Christopher's 45. I'm not for the guy. I got Christmas lights coming out of my ears. I got our weets sticking out of my. I hate this pool 41 3.6% and global warming 27. I don't even know why I put global warming on there. Although it is in my as places means they want to hear less more about it. So way to we have. Way to we have her curbs. We're talking about global warming tomorrow. We got a special segment. And then we got through Rosenstein Houseburg. You're going to be talking about Uranus. 560. 560. Pound five. I mean the call. Why did I interrupt with this stuff like that? Unimportant crap like that. Well we had so many great calls today. That's right. This is been a banner day December 11th. Market down. 560. 50560. Although we did learn. What is it? Buckable. We learned that. Never heard of that before. I heard a boxy ball. Yeah. I heard a budget boy. I thought a budget is like a perky. Yeah. Isn't it? Yeah. I think so. Oh. Tell me the QA in. Hello. Nearly. Yes sir. What's the daily? Hey. It's night. Didn't I hear you say last year that you sell out on the street and you busted your butt? No. And then some old man helped you off the street. Oh yeah. And the I see it right. Yeah. So then bust my butt though. I just slipped on the I so everybody. Even if kids were falling down. Okay. So I don't feel like a. It's a studgie old man. All right. So why wouldn't you wear your. Feel completed. Go ask you the George. Yeah. Because I didn't. That's why you send me. Jesus. So he needs to update his notebook. Now update your life. Okay. Update your little notebook. Get out your little spiral loosely. Fab binder there. And right in there. Oh. After the. Afflemy. I sliced you when they had. I stay. George. Okay. Okay. I still built the radios. Seriously. They. You wonder why people are just pouring out of that place. I know they're pouring into. But don't. Don't unpack your body. That's just arrived in South Florida. Number one. Here's lesson number one. You made a bad mistake. Lesson number two. Don't unpack anything. Give it a couple of weeks. You'll say, Oh my god. What did I do? I asked for it. Just like that. What am I doing here? What's in I do to deserve this. The biggest name. So best challenge for this is me. Oh, Roger. Take your children. I'll sell them. Just in Haitian. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. I'll sell them. There are them. Can you do it with J.N.A.I.L.L.PL? We've sold them. There are lots of J.N.L.L.L.L.B. Getting my own freedom. Add some nice color buttons. Make sure you make sure the dollar is correct. When you make that a zero distance. Lock the table. Press theRull key. When your name rings you can give the controllers. So you already miss them. So, you can get the controllers on your table. is crap. The American Secret Service was bugging Princess Diana's telephone conversations without the approval of the British Security Services on the 9-30 died in the court of the most comprehensively fort-armed death which is going to be published this week. They were bugging your phone on the 9-chief died. Let's call it in Joe Friday. What are you saying? They did it. They did it. They killed it. Among her surgery details do emerge in the report by former Metro Police Commissioner Lord Stevens is the revelation that the U.S. Security Service was bugging your calls in the hours before she was killed in a car crash in Gade Perry in Bada Boe, Pary. And it moved that raises fresh questions over transatlantic agreements on tells us here. Now maybe that's something really discussing in filthy and they know that Bada who knows. Maybe better get a hold of one of your Jamaican translators. All right, do a new next. A translator during your next transaction. Let me just say this while doing this because I do smoke a lot of weed, but I've never done so with a Jamaican or bought any from a Jamaican or not. No, there you go. But I know a lot of people. Maybe I'm going to get in touch with the year old buddy Joe again. Who? Joe? Oh, Jimmy Joe? And it moved that raises fresh questions over transatlantic agreements on tells us in sharing the surveillance arm in the west has admitted listening to her conversation as she stated the words so tell. But failed to notify MI6. Steven's is on his studio of an assured that the 39 classified documents detailing that in his final conversations did not reveal anything sinister or contained material that might explain her to as if like do we really care about Diana? Look at back the ad Diana. I'm glad they killed her. Now why would you say that? Just for a minute. I hate royalty. Oh, she married into world. She wasn't really world-end exactly. And he didn't really like the royalty by the way. The fact that they're done in her life voice and met that I like to even know I didn't. She chose it. The van works. Scotland the arts inquiry published the last three they also throws up further. Oh, throws up. I don't know that damn. Maybe she was on a cruise ship before she went in that car. throws up further intelligence links with the princess of Wales on the night she died. The driver of the Mercedes army Paul was in the pay of the French approval of M15. Steven's traced 100 pounds yet a mass in 14 French bank accounts. Though no payment to been linked to Diana's death, he was another super spy or some sort. What's his name from the Gong show? Chuck Burris. Steven's conclusion is that Diana her companion Doty fired and Paul himself. What a name Doty. How about Doty fired? Remember that's your howdy Doty with Buffalo Bob. Oh, there's what time is it? It's howdy Doty time. And Paul himself had an accent caused by Paul grabbing too fast through the Pond Alma underpassing Peruswell under the influence of drink. Tests have confirmed that Paul was more than three times over the French drink driver limit and was traveling at a specific excessive speed. The inquiry will cost a number of conspiracy theories that have circulated the idea. Yeah, we don't care. We don't care about conspiracy theories. We quite frankly don't give it a crap about Diana. But the fact that the US was bugging her phone, they were bugging her phone. 5670560 pound 560 leverized in singular wireless line. Let's see if they can keep up this tremendous pace all week long. What do you think? Or like at least a little too a climb. You think so? No. I doubt it. 1162 votes on the pool. 835 friends on our my space now. Thanks to Miguel finally updating that. How does that work? They send a request to be your friend and then you know to approve it. I see. How can Miguel decide who's going to be our friend and not? How would we tell who died in the evening? Generally speaking unless he knows that they're one of these obnoxious people that we don't want to have any of you. Oh, are those people that we don't want to have any to do with them? We wish we would die just to you. We've read everybody. I see. 5670560. They can't keep it up till 1230 much until 2 o'clock today. Look at that phone. Once that 45 minute delay kicks has up then you're going to see an outburst and outpouring of emotion on this phone. The likes of which you never hurt in your life. You'll see. Not. WQA and hello. Like I said. What are you laughing about? WQA and hello. Talk to me. Speaking. Oh, I'm these gone. See, that's an easy way not to talk to me. Let's just go. Yeah. I'll just forgot. Look at that. Dead. Let's go down a one in time. Oh, that's right. Line one doesn't work. That's right. I'm going to fix this on the studio right now. You might want to tell him. Yeah. Line one doesn't work. Fix it. You idiot. Let's not his fault. It is his fault. He's part of an engineer. We can look at the Tulsa and buddy. Schmock whose fault that is. Let me just say that again. Line one hasn't been working since Jesus was an infant. Okay. Since he was in the manger with a and a resqueeman. Yosuke Yosuke, you know, save the green stamps or something like that. Has it worked in a long, long time. I just mentioned that in, you know, the spirit of the holidays and in front of this in love. How many QAM? Hello. Oh. Yes. Hey, hello. What did I get running like that? I'll get running up my in-or again next year. Yeah. Okay. Great. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah. Me, oh, please. Yes, sir. Speaking. Yeah. I'm on another poll. I ran out of salmon next. W to QAM. Hello. QAM. 567. Oh, 560. I told you. I just had that feeling at right at that point. And that was when I decided not to leave any money with these people. You probably would feel differently since it didn't eat your money. Oh, yeah. Just. W to QAM. Hello. Neil, a Canadian watch is ready. Uh. 567. Oh, 560. It's a beat. Those on. I think we're going to play like all bits between now and the new year. Just like I did on whatever day. What was that day? Was it like today? Was it after Thanksgiving? Okay. And it was a great show. I do say so myself and they family choice are really, um, largely entertaining stuff. Since that's all we can play anymore. We can't play anything. It's really funny because it's probably a choice I'll be in on the shape. W to QAM. Hello. I'm QAM. Neil. Yes. Good morning. How are you, sir? Okay, sir. Good evening. Good. Good. I'm calling from Palahassey. Just cut the letter and do your conversation and we go, you guys have a MySpace page? Yes. How do I locate it? No. MySpace.com slash Neil God. All right. Rock on Neil. Okay. See you, apparently. Our search would say backslash. I'm not going to argue about what's this that I do not say that. And I've been told that you are a backslash or anyway, right. I have never said that. The head you did and you told somebody that last week, last Friday, somebody asked about the address for the MySpace page and you went on a busy with it. Well, grams. I've never saved backslash. It's never had. Yeah. It's a, it's slashed or forward slash. Well, what I, what I'll ask. Flash me forward slash. You don't have to say you don't have to, but some people that can go on lines that go get that far. No. Can give that far. Oh, type in MySpace.com. No. They do it all the time. Oh, that's wrong. Right. It's our crowd. The guy's doing so far in the channel. And then button pointing. Return to Santa. I got a sweater from my grand boar. It was pink and black. But don't worry. Be a heartbeat. What's going to the owner badge? He wrote a song. A very turned Santa. But just send me cash. And your tag is well. Okay. Me. Oh. I got a putt against a plant. Yeah. With this all my nose. A no ball of old spines. Or did I get a horse? You wrote a pond. Here we turn Santa. Oh, who needs this dog? Where is he his Christmas? Who really is told? He wrote a pond. Return to Santa. Who needs a view of what his Christmas? I got switched. That's a view of each other. That's a set. Oh, we don't thirty two. Let's get these in the next twenty one or two days over. Let's get in the new year. Two thousand seven man. It's going to smell like heaven. You're not. And it's going to be on love. 1189 and a full almost twelve hundred already. Boy, that is really impressive. That is impressive as your calls are today. You know how the holiday season brings up the best in the South Florida. Always does. Oh, yeah. The cream rises to the top. 560 pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. 1189. I bet the next time I refer to that we're going to have 1200 votes. You can take that and put that in your pipe and try smoking that. Okay. Hook it up to your shoe. I'll smoke it. I bet you'll smoke anything. Do you go away and hello? Meal. He's sure. Happy holiday. Happy Christmas into new command and quasi. And you don't believe it. You know, a safe spot. Yeah. You remember the other week you're talking about Ricky Tickie and his eternal cap. Yeah. He wears it everywhere. I mean, he imagined that the DJ made a bad choice initially. And he was stuck with it like there in your surfboard in front of his gut. Well, you're right. No money in my will for that guy. What would you pay for that call? How many cents? I'm 30 minutes. I don't know if he was trying very hard. You know, he was trying like a formulae like some material there. You can do it and work it on it. And the material too. He got a sharper ear than I do. Oh, I heard it. He was trying very, uh, with great if you really man. I like have some to say. Be very clever. See, that's one of the reasons it's so depressing being so affordable is that people not only are not funny or friendly or, um, I'm using a interesting, but they're like, uh, desperate, desperate. You like that. Mm-hmm. Oh, it's been going to people who are desperate and pathetic. Remember that, uh, facts you sent me and I have no idea why you sent it. Probably you said it might be personalized. That's right to tackle it. See, so I was like borderline suicide from your good buddy up there in Greg and Poison Lucy speaking of that. Try to get on our mice face and, uh, before McGill even got to it, already bumped him out of there and deleted. Turned him down. We don't want you on there. Get out of our lives. Okay. Talk about poster child for pathetic. In fact, that's what the P stands for on PSL, pathetic state loosely, man. Tridgic. WQAM, hello. How come I punched these things up and sometimes they do it sometimes they know where to skew in, hello. Okay, good one. One of the better ones. QAM, hello. Well, they did what's for Symmaki. WQAM, hello. QAM, hello. Going for five. Hello. Hi, Neil. The show has very little pace today. Yeah. How about five? Did you have Georgia think to play old Neil it kind of goes with it? Yeah, okay. By the way, we saw your numbers and they still suck. Okay. That was your fine break doing that. Yeah, I'll stick. So stick it. Love an ID too. Yeah, the show has very little pace today. Why is this something next? WQAM, hello. Neil, going on. Yes sir. Short. Yo. Who's in a win at Tito Ortiz and Trump's at Elf? I don't know. Some stuff. Right. WQAM, hello. QAM Sportsline, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. I appreciate it last week's show. It just showed you just a regular guy almost. I'm a human being in the finals and weaknesses and just to put it in whatever. And also I think, I think you've been seeing a lot of bad movies lately. Maybe should watch Brazil. Brazil? Yes. It's one of the money Python type things. Okay. Thank you sir. Thanks, Palli. I see Brazil or not. I would not. Why not? I don't know. I'm not standing like that may have been our first real call of a day. You know, I'm not that he was great, but at least he sounded like a little little guy. It's one of those movies that looks really good. It's just not. Does that make any sense? Like the cinematography and everything that's great. I told you about what's your name? We're just like Alba and Paul Walker and lots of skin. Lots of blue balls. What is it called into the blue ball? Beautiful underwater photography. I mean, just fabulous. You know, I really look at on my big big screen TV. So when Josh comes back from vacation and when you come back, when we're all back together again. And he buys you that the HD TV for the holidays. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if he gets lucky out there in Tahoe. I'm talking about gambling. If he gets lucky out there. And I wouldn't be surprised at all if he says here, but like a nice 52 inch. Ruh-h-h-h-h-h-h. What if what do you go like that? Or you haven't seen anything. And then of course, I don't even know. I still haven't decided about that about the DVD player. Right. Still thinking on that. I'm pondering it. I mean, there's so little material out on there. And plus everybody's telling me well the difference between watching regular DVD. And the HD, it's very little, you know. But it took a little bit of money in the circulation, right? Instead of leaving it in the well for all those near to wells that you're always bitching about. Yeah. WQAM, hello. That was the worst eddy of all time. Wouldn't you say? Absolutely. Excellent. Worst eddy of all time. Congratulations. There's a guy I might leave a couple of bucks. I doubt it. WQAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I wonder when you're going to have a reveal to the world that you're the one who knocked it up about the change on what daughter. No, yeah. Well, can I was trying to keep it under covers man? 560, there we go. Start to pick out at four diesel bike again. Lin, Chinese daughter. Just because Lin likes to rewrite those steamy bulldog novels. And the daughter got, and of course, I love the way that they talk about this while they're not revealing. A couple of us revealing how she became pregling. You know, must have been in a macula contraception when you think since the Chinese is so close to God, I would think so. I'm guessing turkey based for myself. Yeah, I might have done it. Or maybe maybe a little role in the Q-comber pack. I might have done it too. You never know. Lord, we're some asteriously. He's got it from a door knob or a toilet seat. 121 votes. We, we, look at that. We're over the 123 now. Man, oh man, we are really unfired. And I notice how does the color, though. I got ahead of two of them. 22 before one. I don't think we got the mad dog. Then I'm sure that the dolphin fans are all because of, oh, we kicked that on your patriots yesterday. Well, you know what big deal. I knew it. I smelt it. And while I got home man from that, Marjo and machine yesterday and lose a little bit of money. And I immediately, I raced right to that TV, turned on my big HD TV. I went to my digital cable, I'd add to my PVR and erase that whole thing. I'd never saw one play. Never saw one second. Never saw one play. I read the rundown of the Boston Globe and there was a, it was a, it was a week. And of course George is probably just Christ falling. You know what? Well, the dolphins didn't lose and I always bugs you because you're so negative. You know, why do we think of South Florida? Thritians, dumb as dirt. I'm looking at the malls with cars of credit. It's the sea's scent again. It's the sea's scent again. And the mall with my friend Darrell. I'm a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, it a, a, what, I can't. I can't hear anybody while they're down there. sıkher, gotta-aa-a, ta-a-a. voices, and cast-a-a-cs here-bow-a-bow-a-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, I'll be a follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up a miss, how can that possibly be out of stock? Don't you keep realising more than one customer? Who might want to buy it on special? When's the manager? I'm the manager, you've got a problem, dad. Jack, are you only wish to have Mr. Paladay's to queue and your son? I can't even come here! Help me, say, okay, yeah, yeah. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. I gotta come down here. Merry Christmas here. It's really a warm time home, man. 14 to 1 at 5-60, WFQM, 1214 votes on the poll. Causes have been really something we could use the word on the year. Where to these do you want to hear no more about? Perisulton, 320, Brittany slash Kevin 270, Niels Boney, old Jacob, 110, Brandon Delina 101, oh, she's getting right on Jacob's ass. Sports talk, 90, Brady Quinn 81, Iraq 66, politics 56, Christmas 49, I hate this pool 43, three three and a half percent, and global war in 28. We're in. A homeowner said Friday that whoever stole the baby Jesus from his major scene in Plastown, the Hampshire, was disrespectful because he was placed with an empty beer king, strong with that. That is disrespectful if they did replace it with a full one. That would have been better. Bob, tool Jane said that the Jesus figure was still in from the major scene on Wednesday at last week. Tool Jane said he made the inativity scene more than three decades ago with his children's. It's something we kind of give it together we said. You just wonder, what was in the person's mind who actually did that? What was the reason for it? Why leave the beer can? What's the connection said, tool Jane doesn't want to phrase charges. Charges for leaving an empty beer can in the manger. Wooden cut out, wooden cut out, so sheep and cows remain. Only two of the three wise men standing beside the manger. Tool Jane said the third was still in eight years ago. He said, remember, Plastie, let me take with another doll for the time being. Another doll. Something. Hope it looks like Jesus. I hope it looks just like Jesus. I would say, you know, Betsy, Betsy, you know, something like that. Or speak of that. I did a little research over the weekend for those who think that I just go and lose my ass of wood by. You know, it's about remember I asked I'm Friday or whatever hell day it was about what they did before toilet paper. Oh, yeah. Well, I'd like to know. Obviously it says toilet paper hasn't been around forever. We can be pretty sure that those living before the late 19th century weren't able to drop by their local quicky market mega stores to pick up a case of Sherman Triple flight or cotton elf, flusherable moist wipes. Rather than the innovation of a roller toilet paper is very modern product and convenience, which today is arguably we come a household commodity in most households that is ugly. So then how did we go from nature as fruitful leaves to the multiple choices that were bombarded with every time we have a tissue session at the grocery store today? You know, back in the day, I'm sure before you were watching TV, well, maybe not. But when they were advertising like Sherman and stuff like that, they couldn't say toilet paper on here. Oh, yeah. I knew that. You also couldn't say or show an armpit. So it was T.P. or then it was time to paint it. She didn't have to, and it's about you have to whisper. Paper yeah. Don't say it out loud. How far we've done. It's like farting. You know, if you fart, one thing to fart, you know, we'll apply it. Trying to find here. But if you do a real, uh, some real like, see, early here at, oh, there we go. Real quiet. As opposed to, oh, that was just a raspberry joy, some boys andberry. Evidence seems to suggest the original material used in place of toilet paper range anywhere from leaves and sticks to cobs of corn, even linen. It is believed that all of the earliest former toilet paper on a roll wasn't introduced until 1880. People may do with very many, I know. People may do this. They can't be against items that's done from their environments. Well, one of the educational show this is, okay? I mean, I wish we could crangle about 100 of these really great calls and they would move this right now, but we won't. For example, those living in the northern parts into world, especially the Eskimo's used tongue-remoss when available in the summer months and handfuls of snow during the bounce of the air. And also, yeah, about how good all these people must have smelled, you know, oh, man. Whew. Better get another piece of tongue-remoss, uh, uh, Edgar. Edgar. Those living in coastal areas are tropical settings, you use muscle shells, those are old coconut shells, or old coconut shells, boil, boil, you talk about pop in some bad, right, all those living in the colonial times of America when farming consisted of 75% of the US practicing workforce used corn cobs, or hung paper products in the form of mail order catalogs, like those are serious robot. You don't like those, you can't log life your ass with it. An ancient Rome, the popular item, was a sponge attached to the end of a stick immersed in salt water. If this were the case today, don't you think it's puzzle? We might take the coin phrase wrong into the stick a little more seriously. It says, ha ha. Yep, yep, and there's a picture of the Palestinians. El Coliseale, which I have no idea other than the fact that's in Rome. What does that mean? Even more inconceivable, many societies in Eastern parts of the world saw it, socially correct to use their left hand. Some theorists believe that this is why most cultures use their right hands of meeting new people. Oh, I see. So there's one for your butt with your left hand, and shake hands with your right hand with new people you want to meet and greet. Your weapon hand and your eaten hand. Right. And don't confuse them with it. Oh, this previous form of hygiene is still transgressed in those cultures today as they find it rude and socially incorrect to shake the left hand of each other. Regardless of what was used or how gross our association to interpret the paper in the bathroom may be, the front of itself has made life easier for everyone and has made finding things to clean ourselves up a thing of the past. Today, there are over 5,000 different companies producing bathroom tissue around the world. Try to make our lives more convenient, clean and efficient. In a state of back in 1997, it was estimated that 71.48 frugal people contributed to the waste of one role of a thousand sheet pipe toilet paper every day. Do you understand that? No. It was estimated that 71 and a half frugal people contributed to the waste of one role of a thousand sheet single pipe toilet paper every day. I don't understand that. I don't make any sense. With a little over six billion humans living on earth that cost for the daily production of 83 million 48,116 roles per day would know days off and over occasions 30.6 billion roles per year and 2.7 roles per second. How do you like that? Strangely enough that 80% greater than our daily consumption or use of salt, 63% greater than our average use of milk and 84 billion more people serve annually than McDonald's fast food restaurants. You have still we often time remain oblivious to toilet paper and take advantage of the convenience it provides for it. Hey, take it for granted. Amazing post to sing. Oh, thank you, Lord. So much for my share. And thank you, Mr. Wifl. God bless you. I think that is all a season. Say a little brok how from Mr. Wifl for Christ's 6. Furthermore, Americans skip to the Lou. Oh, skip to the Lou. Where are our hearts? Yes. Skip to the Lou. And after six times a day, adding up to as much as 47 minutes in a single 24-hour time period. Women spend more time with the fluffy white stuff. And then approximately 32 months in a life time, versus 25 months from in. Are you guys out there? 25 months of your lifetime. We're going to be spending in the can. Have you ever women on average also tend to live longer than in which object most often in the living the seat up? Well, too bad. Tough crap. Oh, sorry. Each time we reach for the cotton safe, you're an average terror 5.9 sheets is ripped from the rule. 44. Oh, here we go again with you and Joe Costello. 44% of people write from front to back. And 60% look at the paper having just what? 42% fold. 33% crumple. 8% both fold and crumple. 6% oh no. Come on. 6% wrap it around their hands. What? And at least 50% of people have a one-term other wife with leaves or something foreign to toilet paper. Oh, 8% with their hands. 1% with money. Real good. That money in my will might be a mess with it. You know, in case of emergency, yeah, worth a dollar. Yeah. Well, I hope it's a big old dollar bill. I'll say that. It's worth five. Although toilet paper cares an amazing historical past and significance to our life, frequent more times than than the toothbrush, Harrisburg, shower dinner table. We too often forget about the importance of toilet paper. Whether it's due to the bad rat that comes with association with the bathroom, what goes on in there, or just a simple fact that we never had to do without it. This multiple purpose paper provides for us, makes things more convenient for us. Elevably, uh, helps us look feel and be clean. And it goes, it says, some people like to follow a Pope fun at it. Like sign-feller MTV's beavers and butt-head. Others like to waste it or eat it. Huh? You all know what I'm talking about. The 10 person consumes half the world for trip to the bathroom because the one-bed experience that caused them to be petrified. We've been getting their hands dirty. Well, it goes. I don't want to. It's just middle of lunch, our man. Enough is enough. Wrap it around their hands, okay? Now, what are you, is that before after they've used it? Huh? Think about it. I'd rather not. Okay. Well, why not? Life is a bunch of crap oftentimes and especially a few way in life of a fuller crap. That's especially, especially the sales department. The biggest name. So, this time's hard-hanging for it all. You idiot. You're fair for a video 560. You a man. Well, like you, like a river. As here is the king. I don't have them in a ran-off much for a while, but I want you all to know what I've been in a rocker all year long, haven't. I'll do a think it over here. This Christmas. And I'd like to give you a special Christmas message. I'd better do a piece. Like, uh, how about a little trees that pack all by? Like, a little boy. But like I was saying, Christmas is a time of who, time of joy, but time of all of them. And I'd show it low, take slides that way too, you got there. I think, what will one? No, or what? Oh yeah, Christmas. The Christmas to me means family. And family means friends. The friends means getting together. And getting together means eating. All passing at times, they wake up, please. Well, I'll fight you. I'll run away. I can't. Not the fun of say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But I know about it so big. You can't reach out. I help in a hand. I help in a hand. Uh, I would get hand-made help with those my status over there, switch of please. I can make it. I can make it. Now like, I will show them. I know about it so big. You can't stoop to help a friend in the needle with a hot of this season. I speak in a season. I won't pass me that self-sugar when you get the chance. Like, yeah, just, just I'm pretty good at that. I'm like, I'm just like, I'm going there. So this Christmas, why don't you all take a tip from old A.O.S. Now, I'll leave those stick to it right where you are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it. Thank you. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family. And you know, God made man into his own image. And look at the mirror. I have to say God must be a big, big symbol. You know what I mean? I like it, you do. But especially once you all remember this one last thing. And you know, all the home is Christmas. It's going to have popcorn up on the tree. Save a big big bowl of a cane. Extra butter. No matter what I mean, I like you do. Okay. I'll go ahead and work. Oh, I don't want to say it's five 60 W to kill him on one of the banner days man. We haven't had calls like this in a dog's age. You know, in a long time. And I think it was appropriate. Now, you know, shove the old toilet paper stir right in there too. And I was great. That was informative. According to the investigation of allegations related to improper conduct and all the members and former house pages, what's become known as the page report. Congressman Jim Colby of Arizona received and tried to suppress sexually exclusive communications in October 2001, sent by representative Ms. Mark Foley to a house page Colby. It's sponsored by Vista Mester. That communication, the former page told the authors of the report involved fully making reference to the size of his penis by instant message. The former page content is that he affixed the I.M. conversation to an email asking Colby to take care of it. Soon thereafter, the former page received the email from Foley apologizing for making him feel uncomfortable. But later in the report, Colby denies that he knew the precise nature of the inappropriate communication, the page said that he had an email from Congress Minister Foley, according to Colby's deposition, I didn't see any communication at the former page that he received. And as far as I know, my assistant had neither. Later in the report, the former page, Colby warned him, it is best that you don't even bring this up with anybody. There is no good that can come from it if you actually talk about this. That man Foley has resigned anyway. According to the report, Colby himself has under investigation by federal authorities. Investigating the subcommittee was provided with information concerning certain allegations made. Regarding representative Jim Colby and his interaction with former house pages, the report reads, and those of the report concludes that an investigation of Colby would be within his jurisdiction. And the subcommittee heard some testimony about Colby's actions. Representative Colby did not provide full and complete testimony regarding the allegations suddenly pending federal inquiry. How do you like that? The major federal inquiry as to whether Foley made reference to the size of his penis by instant message and whether Jim Colby knew about it. About the message, not about the site. Come 140 votes on the poll so far on a very marginal Monday. Which of these do you want to hear no more about? None. Zippity due to a periscillten 329. Brittany and Kevin 279. Neal's buddy Jacob 1111. I think we can go along with that. No problem. Banzelina 102. Sports talk 91. Brady Quinn 83. That I cannot, I cannot honor that wish. Iraq 67. Politics 57. Christmas 49. I hate this poll 4439 percent. And global warming only 28. Out of 1240. So 40, WGV age and even New York. So after one week we play young Neil, but I want. Almost enough to make me want to play young Neil. And old Neil, I don't have anyone. I have old Neil Dion. We went through that last week. I know it's not that old. It's going on in one of those CDs somewhere. They've been pretty weak. We picked on to the floor. Must have been really bad. That was cute. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a wife and sing it on a wireless line. WQA in, hello. He is. Like I said, man, I think we're so sharp today. Good thing I wasn't near his back dome with my finger all. WQA in, hello. QA in. Hey, when are talking Neil? Speaking. Hey, Neil, what's up? A long time caller. First time listener. Uh huh. That's her net around. Hey, I want to get back to the toilet paper saying, how do blind people know when they're done wiping out? They don't have a question. Okay, that's a very good question. How do blind people know when they're done wiping their dome? This is an act. This is a question. Something that most of us sighted people at every given much thought. The answer is they don't. They don't think just probably by the aroma. Huh? Maybe. You think that's it? You know, once upon a time in here on this floor, the lights went out. While I was in the middle of some business. Yes. So I had to, I had to figure out the answer to that question. And the answer is, you don't. You do this thing in good guess. You just do it normally. Yeah, try to be mineral. I'll say that. No matter how weak the job was, you know, sure it's how I had to be the, uh, ask him out. I did my usual routine, but like three times. And with all the respect of that pissed off caveman and the guy goes fog, get her. They probably were all at Senator either. Okay, could be wrong. I have a feeling. Never the less. That's nobody's been recognized. QAM hello. And the top is there in the wind column. What we do? One after you're in fresh as the hell out of me, man. Somebody to QAM hello. But these are good. And they just keep it better. WQA and hello. Oh, yeah. The idea here. He had to take a deep breath before unleashing it. Yeah. I can't. Always have an idea to take a real good, you know, get up whole full head of steam for your quarter second of fame. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I got a pretty decent pile here. You know, in fact, I'm thinking, you know, this how long go do we start taking calls again two weeks today? Okay. So I think it's been, it's been an interesting experiment. One that may not last through the end of this year, you know, I was thinking maybe we might, you know, carry it into the new year. I have my doubts. 30 QAM hello. QAM. Oh, yeah. Yes. Yeah. Then he said again. Yes. Oh, I want to say about, uh, uh, um, uh, uh, and the coat is not open over here. Wow. I'm on. Ah, um, I'm not on a date. Down the open for dinner when they're gonna be open for a lot. Call them up and ask them, okay? Call them up and ask them. I'm sure they'll be more than delighted to tell you. Come on, 147 votes on the pool. Wow, they just get his keep on coming, man. See now I really buy all rights based on what that guy said before. And I think that's one point. I should have had one for her as too, but I would have been bad. You don't know what she looks like for one thing. Let me see it again. I don't care. WCWN, hello. Did you nail? Yes, sir. Just wanted to pass on some information regarding the British beer and Paris film thing. I'm going to be free bowling from now on. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, over the head. It's hard to be bored. He's going to be free basing from now on as what he said. Wow. 250. Oh, man. They are just beautiful. Not a letter of skitteth song. If you had any free bird for your ball, yeah. Yeah, any idea how grateful I'm going to be. I'm going to kiss the floor in my apartment at 2 o'clock. We'll take a picture. And not there. I'm going to be kissing it. WCWN, hello. 2 AM. Neil. Yes. How are you? Love your show. I'm great. Love whatever you do. Call inside talk. Whatever you do. You got sight. Talk. Yeah. There was an excellent interview with Brady over the weekend during the high has been coverage if he didn't see it. If you find it, you'll probably probably love it. Brady Quinn, if he's in an out loving. It's an interview. I don't try to forget it. It was the end of one of those channels. I think you would really enjoy it. That's all I have to say. Okay. Thanks, Fowley. Thank you so much. Now there's a real call. Okay. Nothing anything like earth shaking or civil lady. But a real call. A little bit of information there. And of course, they're tired. We got 84 people sitting in a very quick and too bad. I like them. See, that's the one thing about this show. I know it comes as a grave surprise. I'll go ahead and I'll give them the opportunity. I always like to give them a chance to vent. It was my poor idea. I put it up there. I made the choices. But it would be a bit of a bit of a bit of a. But I know this comes very hard to understand. I'm going to talk about whatever the high one. It's not a radical concept. I think this is my show. I will say this in regard to that show I did last week. And this is just for informational purposes for anybody who might care. There won't be a sequel. You know what I mean? In other words, that was it. That was the end of that. There won't be a sequel. So whatever happens, case or roster raw and life goes on. In other words, when you act like I've done as once and make a grow test mistake and demean and humiliate and degrade yourself, that's one thing. But if you do it again, then you need to be locked away in a rubber room. So what both of them have to say here and takes is the food. Yeah, the food. Everyone's okay. And that's right. Just call me W. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I want to talk to you, please. Speaking. Speaking. Speaking. Let me say it again. Speaking. This is he. Hey, don't bother. All right. No, I just wanted to discuss a few things. I hear in reference to the political thing with Bill Bama. I keep coming home, Bob. For our first thing, right? Yeah, Bob is his wife. Alabama. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's got it. Man, I really do. I do too. I think he's got it. I'm glad that you've solidified that first. There's a call. That's what we've been waiting for. He's got it. It's December 11, 2006 in Barack Obama. He's got it. I think he's right. Don't you? Mm-hmm. Whatever it takes, whatever you need, he's got it. It's the unmentioned of all the undefinedable, the intangible, whatever it takes to be the man. He's got it. He's the man. The biggest name. So best talent to be the biggest is the old. What a solid force. Radio 560. You ain't him. Oh, oh, boy. You're a little bit a little bit of a stun. You cannot find them. Renew Xbox. No way. Inventory. At it's run. Me and your anger time has begun. Single bell jingle bell, they're ever stopped. Microsoft got one every kid wants. Parents have changed their bells everywhere. Now the tear in their hair. The baby hands are shelves. What's up? Play from hell. Be so about right away. Prince my baby. Darling, you're your kid. Why? It's a really shastard week. Good to stay. So remember, remember, remember to sleep. Your kids once they're gone. Strangle bill, it's void that would be me. That's the way it goes. I know it was through. It's about a song that's gone. All the crazy people. One time I want that freaking Xbox baby. Well, 117 a QAM. Happy holidays to you, man. You can tell by these calls the spirit of love and compassion and humanity and all us cravin' it in the air. You're almost villains in the air. You're almost villains. Maybe they didn't want that goodness morning. Could be. W. Q.A.M. Me, though. Yes. Fuck it for me. I like that. That was pretty good. Short sweet at the point in Long gone. 567.0560. Pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going, man? OK, sir. I got a little information for you. Every president elected in that gear and he was zero has died in office. Yeah, we already know that. Boring. Old. He's got his fingers in legs crossed. OK, that's great. 567.0560. Older than the Fuseless Grand Mile. OK. Wow. He had a little information for me, though, huh? Nekka? Mm-hmm. How is it possible, seriously? How is it possible to go through life to exist? 365 days a year and 66 on leap years? How is it possible to be on the face of the earth and not absorb anything? Anything useful, meaningful, significant, worthwhile. You don't understand? Oh, yeah. All the time. Yeah, well, you didn't want to listen because you were there. How's Miguel doing? Is he still alive or what? See? OK. I don't know. You became so calm and inducing, I guess, because you're putting all those people in our mind space page. Well, I was busy with that. Yeah. And had you were. And in less space, you should be in heaven because I hardly read any bedtime stories today. In fact, the one most significant was about the toilet paper. That's great. And of course, I didn't talk about the European people at the old Abuela's who taken, you know, put it in the waist basket. Yeah. And then it came up on the box. Well, it's a waist basket with a lid on it. It looks like a box. Oh, no. And in case they need to use it again later on, at least. For some reason, you've been eating it. Why do you make things up like that? Why would you put it in a waist basket? It's a European-old world thing. The pie we narrow, wash it then. The pipes are narrow. And if you try to flush it, you'll clog the pipes for it. I will say what else today. And they tried to re-enroll one time when nature was calling. And I went to the, oh, you're, this is too gross even for me to tell me here. And I went to the magic room. Mm-hmm. And there was a hole in the floor. Okay. For the paper. I mean, there was a right now. There was toilet paper. But there was a hole in the floor. Oh, that was the toilet. That is correct. Yeah, I heard about that. You have very good aim. And I guess the point being only the old people do that because they're used to the old country mentality where you can't use that paper because it'll clog up everybody's pipes. Flush it, get rid of it, get away from yourself. I mean, get it away, go away, okay. That's just my suggestion, do whatever you like. W2AM, hello. QAM, hola. QAM, hola. You know, it's not the holiday season. Me, on full somebody gets shot for a parking space here in Miami. That is correct. You got it. You got your finger on it. It's in the pool. 560560 pound 560 and we've arrived in Cedar Wireless Line. W2QAM, hello. QAM, how come these lines don't, they don't do that. Hello. Hello. Dave Pods does morning drive on IOT. What's the world coming to? Any still for it to the studio? W2AM, hello. I love the way George does pinkay on my balls. Okay, good. I hope you have a great holiday with it. Okay. Balls are joyful at holiday. Sounds good. Yeah. W2AM, hello. QAM. QAM. Neil, I love the old sag team and I wish you would do more of it. It's done like it's great. The old sag team, what does that mean? Well, you know, when you're kind of getting more back into the sag team. I can't do the sag stuff. That's cool. Why is that? I'm just loving it. I think it makes your show most entertaining. And I'd like a request if I could be a fun piece. But be to a... Oh yeah, right. He's talking about the bit he's talking about, like a little bit. You know, you know, short. Okay. That's as much. Here's the fact that he says Neil, I've been a listener for about eight years. Oh, no. He's subject Neil and Jacob and Brady Quinn and Tom Brady. And I've always been there to inform, but on Friday when you went in the day two on the subject of your obvious total obsession with Jacob, I had to turn you off at the first time ever. It was as you like to say, pondress and just playing bad radio. It's one thing to have said over some of it. Don't continually subject your own says, please. I know you'll say too bad. I write this with good intentions. So somebody unnamed. What is it? Well, you continue to say that there was not even repeated what was from Thursday because we had many people who said they'd be able to show. And the poll almost half the people didn't hear the show on Thursday. They kept golden. Yeah. So that is right. Well, what was it all about? And above above above above. And addition to which you had to turn off the show because of what? Because again, in your own mind, you incapable of understanding what I was saying. And I'm sure that's the case with majority of the people out there. Too bad. I don't apologize for me and for like having a human being. Okay. So to you. For the first time I had a way like you. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing right now. There are damn few people on the face of the globe in this business or outside of this business who would have gone on the year, especially with all the crappy get, especially somebody out of the closet in the first place. Who would have gone on the year and told that story because most people would have missed and tried in the first place. Damn few I can't think of any. Right. And that's exactly correct. And I thought I wasn't looking for anybody to kiss my ass for that, but that just happens to be the truth. So I'm 173 votes on the pool and the vision of which I think I'd even know it's on our pool today. Have I mentioned anything about that? No. No. Did I, in fact, did I just say before you don't have to work because it might be like a no chapter two? I think I said that. So you can't be, especially if you're, you know, straight people, I'm sure all, you know, they're all very altruistic and they're attention. And they never try to like get over on some female because they want to get in their pants. That never happens with the straight guys. But if a gay person like, you know, like somebody or a sex to use that term with somebody, it must be sex. You must be trying to give their pants and like a have some kind of sexual obsession, which I don't. But then as a, as a person says that that's what I'm exactly what I'm thinking. Have I been your part? If a straight person said that, that's exactly what I would be thinking. Yeah. Well, I don't know. I can't answer for that because I don't know how straight people think about women. I don't know. I'll give you a hit. You know, you don't have to give me a hit. If I had a friend and they were obsessing over some woman and they were trying to tell me that they had no sexual desires. I never said, I never said that. They're seeing you're the one that's starting this again because of the facts. You're starting to put this again. You're right. I never said I had no sexual desires. Well, you know, but that certainly isn't in my mind. That's not what that was all about or is all about or maybe all about or whatever it is. I'd call them a crazy person. Oh, okay. Well, we know I'm a crazy person. So I admit to that. And no question about it. And the fact that I would allow myself to become so emotionally unraveled and who knows maybe I have no idea, you know, right? And see, that's just thing I'm trying to tell you with this whole nice, face thing and talking and meeting with people online. You know, they can come across this head of the greatest intentions in the world. You don't really know if that's true or not. That's what Judge Judy said. Well, and there you go with that picture again. You're obsessed with that bitch. Yes, see. I want to have her make up. You're obsessed with Judge Judy. Okay. I want to do it with her right there on the. Yeah, I would count. I was made and you deserve it. You know, you deserve it. I think it's a nice made and pervert. 200 and 70 team. We're going to make 13 today on the two weeks before Christmas. That is pretty damn impressive. Write that one down in your diaries. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Anym. Yes, sir. I just turned in with the project. What's up with him? Yeah. Call him off and find out. Tony. Tony. QAM. Hello. He's an activist. Soon into my offer to Jacob Sigmund. We're going to have him on like Andrew Rosenhaus. Fifty minutes every week. Yes, sir. Back to a toilet paper for a second under George's a huge fan of the Roman Empire. There were butt-wine slaves as a Roman Empire. Their whole job was to stand around with damn cloths of the rich people. And yeah, clear your budget for people back to it. No. Yeah, all right. That's an extra much job. Well, they knew how to live. Didn't they? Yeah. Yeah. Norman. They sure know how to do it, man. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news, all right. Five, six. Flung that didn't have Roman fingers. Where did that expression ever come from? Roman and the Roman. Roman and you're at Domen. Five, six, seven. O, five, sixty. Pond, five, sixty. And the Verizon Singular Wightless Line. Educational show. Maybe learn a lot about Tula paper. In fact, if you Google toilet paper, I mean, I could have gone into much greater, you know, all through the history would have been really talk about Pondrous. Talk about weird. And again, go back to that facts, not that I really wanted to let it disturb me, because I know better than that. I don't think I like we hanked the whole episode from Thursday that much on Friday. No. Correct me if I'm wrong. No, I won't. I don't think so. I don't think I wanted to de-me myself to that level again. But it's just, you know, they feel a blive. You know, instead of saying, boy, that was a sure, you know, all the way to the stuff. We had some good stuff and we had some bad. And I can only imagine the kind of stuff that he must have got. You know, I can just be able to imagine on that mice face thing. That's just my caution, anybody out there when you start dealing with anonymous people on a website, whether it's my space or your place or on my face, whatever it is, beware. That's all. Is this my suggestion? You don't know what they're all about or what they're up to or who are you talking to. WQA and hello. Is this my 60? This is 560 WQA, I'm yes sir. Can I get on the air? You are on the air. Oh, okay. I want to talk about that. Uh, probably everything. Uh huh. Well, um, we use a stone. Yeah. A nice, round stone and a lot. Okay, well, good. I'll tell you what, bend over right now. That's a good place in sir. In fact, put it in the long tube. This should have a right in there. Wow. Yeah. He said, well, you ought to be related. He said something about when he wipes, it's only because he's stone. Yeah. Something like that. Probably he wanted a full work for racing toward the 1300 mark. Man, it is incredible. 27 after one, we got the mad dog at two. That's what my schedule says. If he's not there, don't, don't be blaming me for it. Okay, I just want to read what's on the schedule. Now, did anybody from sales, I realize this is an amusing question? Yeah. Seriously, that thing is unacceptable. Tomorrow morning, that needs to be dealt with and take care of. Oh, I'll address that. Give me just a generic sheet of paper that some agency guy gave me or whatever. And don't even read it. Don't even proof me that don't see if any full numbers in there like any meaningful information. Just hand this to the old man and he'll make magic with it. Thank you, Raro. You in basil. You're fairie. Experiencing difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pablo during their winter event. It's going on right now. The all new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 is just coming and joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented driving experience during the Mercedes-Benz of Pablo, a winner of that. Enjoyed least and financed specials on C, E, ML, and our class vehicles plus the motor trend SUV of the year, the GL 450. Mercedes-Benz of Pablo's got over 200 employees dedicated to providing incredible service, offering convenience service hours, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washers for value customers too. They even offered Dimaos to their service customers. Rouse their indirectspo with over 150 new Imperial vehicles or on a web. Click on BenzPopano.com. It's B-E-N-Z. BenzPopano.com. Experiencing difference during the winter event at Mercedes-Benz of Pablo, your final bit, I-95 in Copens Road. Call them toll free, 1-800-New Benz, any W-B-E-N-Z that's 1-800-New Benz, former C-D-Benz of Pablo wishing you and your family a joyous holiday season. The biggest name so best to our prices for your rotors. Where are the exploding balls? This textlet, you don't want to old-fanned anybody on your holiday gift list. Ah, ah, he's been the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record. Who could possibly take issue with some, like, these? Yes, we've taken that, you know, out of Christmas. Make everybody happy. Get your coffee of the non-denominational holiday record today. What 32 is 560 year-fanged station for the new millennium? How many votes we got? 1288. 13, we got a lick. No problem. An excommunicated Roman Catholic Archbishop speaking of gay. Continued to defy the Vatican when he installed a- and look at us, it's chopped off. But I can't have to send some of this, it's chopped off. No, say it. Don't say it. There you go, it's a thing. You want to hear about that anyway, okay? No, I didn't. It was bad story, glad you. It was a great, and well, here's a good story. Eleanor Cliff, remember Eleanor Cliff? Eleanor yes. Bush and the family franchise, how George W. Bush has ruined the family franchise, right? Eleanor? Now, it could take some more of these really great calls, but I don't want to push these people, and I don't want to overdo it, you know. As we go through the week, and, of course, next week, you'll be off. How much are they really going to be good next week? And, always wait. The week between Chanukah and Christmas? On the evening, we forth, I repeat, it's his son's leadership, former president George Herbert Walker, Bush broke down crying when he recalled how his other son, Florida fan asked Governor Jim Bush, lost an election in a dozen years ago, and then came back to serve two successful terms. The elder Bush has always been a softly, but this display of emotion was so over the top, that it had to be about something other than Jim's longer-go-laws. The setting was a leadership summit Monday, until I had to see where the elder Bush had come to lecture, and pay homage to Jim, whose leaving office with a 53% approval rating, putting him ninth among the 50 governors in popularity. The former president was reflecting how well Jim handled the feet in 1994 when he lost his composure. He didn't rewind about it, he said, putting a handkerchief to his face and efforts as stifle is sobbing. That election turned out to be pivotal because it disrupted the planned pop-able shant for a son, which maybe why he was crying and why the country cries with him. The families who had designed had the number two son, jabbed by far the brighter and more responsible, a send of the presidency while George, the partying fretboard type, settled for second-vest in Texas. The plan letter Raiwen jabbed contrary to conventional wisdom lost in Florida, and Jordan unexpectedly defeated Anne Richards in Texas. With the favorite air on the sidelines, the family calculated shifted. They'd go for the presidency with a son at one, and not the one they wished had won. The son who was wrongly launched has made such a mess of things that he's room the family franchise, without getting too edible, it's fair to say that so many mistakes George W. Bush made, are the result of his need to distinguish himself from his father and tell that he's smarter and tougher. His need to have to his father, and at the same time vindicated his father's failure to get reelected, makes for a complicated stew of emotions. The irony is that the senior Bush dismissed by Junius Crowder's a country-club Patricia looks like a giant among Presence compared to his son. Junius told author Bob Woodward for his book plan of attack. They didn't consult his father in planning innovation of Iraq, but consulted a higher authority, pointing presumably to the heavens. He was pointing to the father also consulted a higher authority, family fixed her James Baker. The Iraq study group co-chared by Baker pulls no punches on no punches pulled. And calling Bush his policies is fader. It's a statement of the obvious, but when you have a collection of Washington wise men, plus retired Supreme Court just saying that they are a day-old counter, perhaps doing penance for both at put Bush and the White House during the disputed 2000 race. It's the equivalent of the last rights for Bush's Iraq policy along with his presidency. It's not a plan for victory because that doesn't exist except in Bush's fantasy. The recommendations Baker and company offer a more international engagement and shifting U.S. troops to a backup role to Iraqi forces may help the administration manage and mask the feet even so that maybe hard for Bush to accept. His body language when receiving the report while Fulite was dismissive, thanking the amendments assembled for breakfast at the White House for dropping off a copy. This president has lost all capacity to lead. Leaven American servicemen died in Iraq on the day Bush was presented to report, which caused the situation their grave and deteriorating. Events on the ground threatened over taking in this grim assessment, and we're left to analyze Bush's tender ego in whether he can reverse course on the folly that is killing and naming countless Iraqis along with all these U.S. troops. The historians are already debating whether Bush is the worst president of the ever, just among the four or five worst, he has little choice but to accept the fundamental direction of the Iraq study group. He's up to his neck and quicksand and they've thrown him a rope. It's printed to make fun of the over the hilltaps and washed him, but they've done a noble thing in reminding us that wars and just about spin and the way to win lesions is about coming together to find a way out, however unpalatable. Bush was answering the campaign in 2000, what would happen if he lost? He said he'd go back to Texas, lost a lot of baseball and had a great life with lower and a girls. He's an accidental president of the man who was involved in an individual job he wasn't prepared for, and who treated war like a lark. Bush's father observed between sobs and his floor to speech, a true measure of man is how you handle victory and how you handle defeat. He was talking about Jeb, but surely it's his firstborn who triggers the tears. With all of us, by the way, there you go. Eleanor Clip, G.L. and when I think you're swollen, I might have to play that. She has slipped it out over the holidays, you know, since his all requested December for the host. Isn't it? Yes it is. It is. 23.225. 60.225. 1292 votes on the pool. Here's what it is. Which of these do you want to hear no more about? And we'll certainly respect the audiences, which is if I feel like it. And if not, I'll talk about whatever else on my mind. And contrary to that fact, I just turned to 85 pieces. Oh, it was bad radio. All right. So we got the one guy, the first caller today, Danny. Remember Danny boy? He's given me a song in the end about I should be on satellite. What am I going to get off this horrible, terrestrial radio? This is a fact here. It is an anonymous fact here. Give me a song in it. It's about how for the first time in eight years they had it turned off. Well, I apologize profusely. Now. From 92, which of these do you want to hear no more about? Perisulton 348. Brittany and Kevin 285. Niels Buddy Jacob of session 117. Range O'Line of 103. Sports for 97. Brady, 287. Iraq 68. Politics 60. Christmas 51. I hate this 447. 399%. And global warming continues pulling up the rear end. 29. In last place. Maybe we got to have like a global warming expert on like once a week. Like they have on this foret Show. You know, we had Jacob segment on Tuesday. The global warming guy on Wednesday. We could have. Perp jerksweet every Thursday. Jerk herb street. What are we going to have the Bouching Boy segment? We're going to have the, uh, when that's not Bouching. What was it? Bouching Boy. We got the bottom boy. Bouching Boy. Bouching Boy. Yeah. Yeah. A lot more gay talk. You know. We're going to have to show. The, I got a spot to do. That's twice I did that today. You know, that's not good. Let's be. Let's get out of here. When it comes to sports. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Now we're not. We're, we're just in fact. We like to do an extra five, six hours. Okay, because it's just bad radio. And in fact, as Rick Shaw would say, my group coast personal friend. It's just shock radio. I was just still having that drop in. Do you remember that? I do. This one is a jerk and that one is it. It's just a course since then. He's come with me in love me. You know, this like they all do. Even with the camp. I think he's going to get ready to walk. So we can call these Christmas. It's not politically correct. The ACLU. Because they are dead. Said the role of your job. He's differently sized. And he's not a white man. He's not a different. He has a lot of this time. They have very thick and straight. So many are so person. Oh God, what a pain. So cockers must choose. Your botanical friends. Much more of this do do. I need a deep hands. Girls aren't out pre-women. When they're under ten. But in the beginning. Where we are, see men. Or we must be so careful. And not to defy. So they say the moment. I run down the sun. Because our creatures. Prophets you see. You feel this achieve. And our deep is insane. If you want to be. Or be seen by the earth. Then start calling the earth. Let's cover my eyes. So we can't hold this rich man. It's not politically poor. The land was still so bad. What did help you exist? 146 and 563. 114. We've got our 13-end video. Phenomenal. And that link is a thing you just sent me. It doesn't work. Okay. I'll try to get after the show. I don't think it's been a war. It's a piece of crap. Anyway, I'll tell that guy said for what it's worth. Oh yeah. Thanks a lot for that. My space stuff. By the way, Miguel. It's really enhanced my existence. Any thoughts? Swift mode veterans were truth. Another so called 527. Nonpartisan groups are likely to soon face. Significant finds from the Federal Election Commission. According to a historian yesterday in today's edition of roll call. America coming together. A more democratic leaning group. Another's were said that it is facing fines. After two years of FEC school, the article written by Matthew Murray. It's now under his skin like Murray the K or Madeline Murray or Hare or Arthur Murray. And we're Arthur and Jan Murray. No. During the 2004 President and Chicken Echo Titan. During the 2004 presidential election, he complains of and filed against the group Survival and campaign finance laws. Tetsons for truth. Progress for American voter fund. Leadership form the media fund. The joint victory campaign. Economic freedom fund. And majority action for other groups. Confirm to be likely targets of fines for their conduct in 2004. One observer of the process commented a rule called that finds were on my famous major infractions. Relage to recruit is the FEC's current philosophy emphasizes the pursuit of big fish. The pursuit of big fish. That. What if the big canfish? I can't imagine. You actually eat canphre like breaded? Yeah. Don't they have like an shown eased in places like that. Isn't that the kind of craft they serve like down home? I'll tell you what I do like. What? What do they call those and oh geez. I can't think of what they call those things. They're like breaded with corn like fritters. Corn fritters. Corn fritters. That's what they are. All carbs. I'm sure they're like all that breading on the outside. Yes. Sometimes I get whatever they have for lunch. I'm going to get some scallions. I got like some E-coli all over them. And I'm going to smear them all over like some good corn fritters. And then go on a cruise. I'm going to cruise right across like Ontario. Right to Rochester. Go to the 12 quarters and get some baseball cards. Don't eat too many fritters. Why not? Not on the smitter. Oh yeah. Uh-oh. Sure. We have a lot of T.P. around in that case. That's the button. Something that we don't, you know, we just take it for granted, man. I don't take it for granted. I always call my guy. I have a role in my pocket right now. One of the worst things in history is to go into a public T-room. Sit down. I learned it hard, long, nasty lesson over the years. Sit down on the throne. Do your deed. And then realize that you know, instead of those big stiff. There's nothing in there. I think there's one. I'm kind of doing a paper. That's right in there. That's bad. That's it. You're good. Always check first. Okay. All you kids out there. If you go in and do a dump in a public restroom. Always make sure that there's a thrill of paper. That's one of those things that only happens to you once in your life. Unless you're an idiot. Unless you're a total moron. Okay. Like me. That's what it's happening. Once. Once. Try to think of that. Well, yeah, I guess it probably didn't happen to me once. And then of course luckily there was nobody else around and they were like more than one stall. I sure was that pair of underwear. And I was able to kind of like slide with my pants around my knees. You know, slide over and then I'll throw the limbo rock into the next stall. I'll just pray that nobody would come in. What's this crazy person doing? And he was sliding around from the stalls, you know? Just stalling for time. God. And luckily of course it was my very good fortune having lived the good wonderful clean life that I have. There was plenty of toilet paper on the other side. Which, which, that's a good question to ask, will there be toilet paper in heaven? You'll need a wifl to be up there handing it out. Well, why not? Because you won't have a victim. How do you know that? That's what they say. Are you going to be doing saying, you're seeing an iron got no body? I don't know what that would be like. We know body, no body. How long does that? Oh, the Christians have all that sex up there if they're going to have no body, you know? If you don't got the equipment, all I got is they got what they are Jefferson and Louisiana. You want to run off over the weekend and with the 90 grandness freezer that cold hard cash. See they like people like that. They like people that want to leave you a lot of money in your will. They like people that got lots and lots of cash in their freezer. WDQ, where you am, hello? Hey, you know how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, along the lines of toilet paper and underwear and all that stuff. I had an accident on an airplane one time. One of the rest room took my underwear off, left it. Got back on the, in my seat without my underwear when I landed. I realized I was in college. My mother had so my name inside my underwear. Oh, lovely beauty. I was going to have a head and to receive it in the mail. I'm going to have a look at the book. No wonder the world hates you like boys. Okay, thanks, Pally. I will say this. I have had accidents. So we're, you know, in fact, that one episode I told you about in Denny's. I think it was in Orlando. Mm-hmm. And had to use the underwear and then have to use them. But I mean, it just leading behind you know. Right. No, I didn't use them. That was in that one occasion. Am I your pardon? I used them and then use them. Oh, hi. Use them all because it was in a toilet paper. You don't have to be hurt. That's pretty creative though. You got to admit that. I handed to him so to speak. Well, these are better my socks and, uh, I'm going to comfort choice. I've already socks there. There's a good message for all you pumps out there. Where socks? Because if you ever go in and have one of these, and this is one of these team room emergency. Uh-huh. And there's no toilet paper. At least if you got socks, man, that's right. Something weird I can't believe we could always turn them inside out and use them twice. Or if just wrapping around your hand. Do sock puppets like a glow. Take off this one. How do you do? Yeah, but you do. How do you do? How do you do? How do you do? Well, congratulations. It sounds like it's coming out of your mouth now. Man, ghost is sure what comes around goes around. WDQA and hello. After those are. Yes, sir. Or you? Wait. Two things. First you're thinking about the fashpuppies. I'll just say you don't know what I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah. For those hard puppets. Yeah. The hairful of those. And the big enough that. Wow. Because exactly what George said. It's a butter. A lot of butter. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to stick closer to home. I would say this happened to me at a denny's also in Las Vegas. Luckily, I had a pack of tissues. Oh, lucky for you. Hey. When you say a pack of tissues, I mean, it was like Kleenex packs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like really small tissues. Man, you must say hey, buddy. So I love the ratio. I don't want to get very grounded. You're not getting there deeply, right? You know, you just sort of go through the help. I could let's put it that way. Yeah. But let me tell you that wasn't a emergency man. Two o'clock in the morning. And there was no way. No way to make it back to the hotel. Happens to the vegetables. Hey. All right, guys. Thanks, Pat. I pooped my pants. Yeah. See, you couldn't believe that. You're a vegetable restaurant here. And you thought that that was much more demeaning. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody. Almost. I don't agree with you. I thought that was a bunch of long young soldiers. Pretty good. I do mean how it's interesting. That's interesting. The other corn fritter and the highest puppy. I think. Hush puppies are like cornier and butterier. Anyway, we got my pants thing. I pooped my pants. That's much much less degrading and embarrassing. And certainly I didn't have any kind of, you know, emotional, duress from that. Yeah, I'm a person, you know. And the other thing is the same thing. That's what somebody is in. It's so understand when you're a person. A living and breathing. Not just a voice that's coming over to speak in your radio. That's why a few people actually like that thing on Thursday is because it was humanizing. Like, here is a person who, like, you know, has feelings, emotion, sensitivity, a stupidity, etc. All these, all of these things. Right? Absolutely. Absolutely. I imagine Miguel was like being in this pants over that show because he's, of course, responsible for whatever comes out of that. I told him it was all part of his plan. He get in half. I know he's, uh, he's in for half on the will. The biggest name, so best challenge to the business. Miguel, why don't you raise a good one? More 20-0-5-60. Bye-bye.