I think a lot. I know. Who do you say? I say. No, that's not what I just heard. I heard something about Mother's Day. You better watch it, Mr. Because I just found out. I had a very unsatisfactory morning sitting here this morning. What's the matter now? Would you do general manager? Would this new regime? The only thing I would say about don't wish for something because Is it true? The head of the Zard. As bad as it was before, you may think, you know, In other words, it's a business. I was with what it is because at least you know what it is. You know, you're a proteger that I talked to you about yesterday. Your junior program director, he's gone off the depend. First he, I haven't really booked the wrong flight on the wrong day. So we showed up halfway to the basketball game yesterday because his flight on Tuesday. There was no flight because he had booked for yesterday. He was at the game, I saw him, I'm telling him. Half way through the game, he showed up. Or now we're into it. Now he was there for the game. Wow, getting bad information on it. Yes, sure. Regardless of that. Whatever. He's the new sensor now. He's the bee's least sensor board. And so the stuff, it's not bad enough that we had our hands tied behind Our back before before the new regime can in. Now we also have an apple in our mouth. So, you know, you get your hands tied behind your back. You have an apple. Can I be 30 if that reverse or any of that? And by the way, fub. There you go. Right down. These guys are a joke. I thought you'd make it the 35 I said today. Why? Not with this crowd. Now what these people got running this place now. Paper tiger. You know what that term means? Paper tiger. Yep. That's what we got. And anyway, want to correct something. They held brodo a correction because they would like to get it right. Once in a while. Anyway. I told today I'm not allowed to criticize the arrow anymore. Guess what? Screw them. I will not pay attention to that. This is what they tried to dump me because I said something about their ridiculous sports section. See, that's part of what I'm telling you about. I know. I mean, if they listen, I'm at the point now after 30 years. I'm just playing music every day. If that's what they want. If that's the idea of what this station wants to be. So I can play all sports songs. What is the cowardly station? We're afraid of our own shadow. Okay. If that's the idea of what Joe Bell thinks of QA. And we got some real problems, baby. I'll play all sports songs. Yeah. There you go. Play all the, oh, yes. March is a march. Yeah. How's got with your? Yeah. Yeah. It's a little MSU and the name of the Red Cedar. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's some great lyrics for those songs in the old days. They're sure they're going to use them now. No. we want to public to know it okay we are scared and of course we have to pay the price for other people's mistakes you know for the for well incident and this during incident and all this stuff so you and I and other people on this station now we have to pay the price for that don't knock the hero level this did that conversation has gone back as in years now I mean anything that's institutional is got like a monopoly like a florida plunder or loot and the hero that's fair game and all this has been advertised you say don't want to so I'm a good part of their advertised doesn't make any difference there's still a monopoly there's an institution oh I know what they are yeah I do believe me although at least they gave me article there thanks again Kevin back to his morning your buddies of the sun settled it anyway the hero corrects a story on radio personality near Rogers Monday's proper life sex report of it magic one-o-two-point seventy day rickshaw is the only person who's been on soundfall to radio longer than Rogers thirty years magic one-o-two-point seventy day rons say John with thirty four years also has been in the market longer that's in their correction page Ron say John Ron must have given him a call yeah evidently because I'm sure nobody else did thirty four years of anonymity Ron but the congratulations on sticking about anybody can stand a market for thirty days the way things are going now this places this place is out of control o-o-c out of control congratulations on your 30th anniversary and by the way but I've been and you get the Italian salute you give the old foot right up the old act of shoot a lot of things say that no more either shoot I shoot well your vice president can say I don't can't wait did I dip now this story comes out that the bush was told about what was going to happen was Katrina yeah I got that I got that I'm a pop of it I'm out of day meero I'm all over Lexington conjo San Antonio Lunders series consideration for your Florida Marlins though that would be really bad I don't want to see that this is so much full listen to me I don't want to go in anywhere because like today we got that game in twelve fifty the exhibitionist opener maybe you had a San Antonio Marlins anything that old but that's not good because that's in a different time zone that's in the central zone so that would never work for me don't be in San Antonio when you move back to Miami no okay well they'll be in San Antonio when our new management grows up here which I'm not waiting for that you know something about that story what's the headline and something about the San Antonio thing that I said I got in my head right now San Antonio under serious consideration with quote marks around the series yeah well read what the it says the quote is from the major league baseball president Bob Dupé and then find out where the serious consideration line comes from asked if it would emerge as the front runner he said I wouldn't go that far and all I would say now it seems to be the temple focus it's too really to have a front runner I think the most the the important part here is first of all the mayor san Antonio feel a feel hard burger didn't respond to request for comment number one and number two san Antonio has presented a stadium financing play to the marauder in other words it is just talking like an a a would be nice they got nothing I can by the way baseball doesn't want to go the mark is not big enough well it is you know it's a how about going to Chico Agua would be good post the buffalo and I was just no buffalo there's no team in buffalo yeah and for good reason to market isn't very either yeah the mirror police still support the bills that's Sabers friend like I'd say no of it and by the way the team is the way otherwise that franchise would be considered for a and by the way this is written by the same idiot who's been writing about Las Vegas now you're not not in very jackass area and guess what yeah as long as silly as the commissioner is I will say it all along there will be no Las Vegas for major league baseball right yeah so why does this paper continue to write are you not going to hear all again well I smell the suspension coming can I go pick when I get telling me that your people in there that they dump you this morning and whether on the orders under orders from home that's good question who we think yeah I don't know from clearance Mr Lewis and Clark who the hell is that you know the great explore going through the country with a plain ticket also that part of the story is true I don't know anything except that I saw him at the game he was there I was sitting in the front row and I didn't listen to the game I was watching I told him well I'm glad to see after his 30 months of experience in the business that he's got better judgment to decide what can be on the year and what's not after my 30 years it just I mean you talk about having this respect for the talent this this station I mean at least when Greg was there we knew all of his foibles and all of his problems he used to play the cat mouse game we'll go into hiding and I return phone calls and you know something in retrospect maybe that was just as good that maybe that was off of the better oh what we got now he's just like all the good glad-hanting and happy talk and hey everything's really great and then just by opinion you can feel any of back you feel the oh man the blood is just spreading out of there it's like that's not part of the word version Mary was bleeding out of her uh... back side but nevertheless so I guess the same and tell you second put that in the bottom of my part same guy good day today short one uh... yeah well that's the only thing good about it but i tell you one thing if i wasn't going out to woodburn after the show to be before i sure is how i'm now all you know the feeling man this is the life have a need to go out there and tons your guts out managed gets the hockey baseball sandwich today yeah yeah well just like he said yesterday uh... he's i thought it well i thought both you guys well that part of it is fine but the other part of it is not uh... not too good what i'm seeing on the horizon now this new uh... this new regime i thought we had something good going on it looks like oh boy you ain't seen nothing yet you thought you had service before i just wait you see i mean in fact that you're i'm not the dot all gone and what are not sees on the way and that that maybe the all well and good you know but how does that really affect your life or my life or your show or my show does that really affect us or impact us in any way shape or phone i don't think so no i don't think so in fact my life low never affected my life no i think uh... music sounds good and i know all the people think i got a bad taste in music because i'm a little fart but i think i got pretty good taste in music i think music show sounds pretty good because it's not in my contract says got to be a talk show it's a new ranger show which is basically whatever i decided is i don't think mine says talk show either so i know play marches sports marches i think is good how about that no-to-day and file the fighting hours whatever the thing is i don't know how that goes i'm trying to forget it what do i hate no-to-day song yeah copes in no-to-day song for neale but but but and you know just a little star but but that's pretty well no yeah i know but i just i black it out because i you see has another one it's quite a book uh... what's his name is bready quinn or the president i i yeah Michigan we know something else another one music is called held of victims yeah seven cap of us held to the victors vinyn is it really i remember new bed i'm not too much i guess that's your area of expertise i'm not in all that uh... rossusman i went to high school with the band director from so in cal oh really he's in my high school all of fame but i'm not i had i had facts is yesterday on that anniversary show from people that like a marty was a one name i don't i don't remember who that was i went to school and runches do with him and um... we went to summer camp bellost nighter summer camp together in the adorondacks on fourth lake what i was a beautiful place in the summer time and i was incredible up in the adorondacks you've been up there yeah that's nice in the summer and winter time it's like the end of the world air like water town common place they like water town i went to the air in the winter time they get forty foot griff's a snow and i stop and think about forty feet okay about how tall that is that's taller than feet crawford for price six little bit are you in the center of crisis i'm sorry joist and clearance i got a past that by i guess now what we're going to do is we're going to have a committee and if you think about discussing the herald or florida plunder with lude or same uh... jesus or what we have to pass it by the committee first now that we have this new way jima i i knew that the gustapo had taken over the federal government i didn't realize they had also taken over this radio station that's a good way to muzzle me out there that sounds really good i went to water town summer behind ever been there oh i was going to be two weeks for my uh... my military duty yeah for drum camp drum not for drum for drum is in florida no camp drum is in water town in your local camp drum and water town but for drum is in florida that was heard by the oak oak uh... what is that in my p Stuart the old doctor'll play somewhere couldinton place th first i think that's what are really his its new theDaul ka worker plans from kangated half a uh... forward oh til i says they look up twitter by class and what sweet cantes difficult business. I'm not saying this to be funny or dramatic. On the day after that 30th anniversary, we just did a little fun. It was a lot of nice facts and good calls. And today is the most demoralizing day I think I've had in years. Maybe everyone is business. It's like you talk about getting shocked down. It's just ridiculous. And it's all over a bit that isn't even. It's not even with 100 miles of that line. You know, that line that we can't cross that imaginary line because we're going to get fine. It's not even close that line. But then again, what would I know about it? I would have been doing this for like 100 years. I mean, you know, when you got a meven like Clarence in the Beesleys, they're the ones who are going to decide. Now seriously, this new guy, he just, you know, I take back what I said about Kevin Baxter. Remember I said that first line in the article was over the top of what I hate the management? Yeah. I said, well, that's not right. That was the previous management. No, no, he's right. When you work for other people, it's always the same. It's the faces change, the method changes, you know, the gladiator, hand. Oh, you're so great. But in the end, the bottom line is they still stick it to every chance to get. I'm going to win that damn lotto. It's up to nine million for Saturday. I'm going to win the law and just get out of this. Just tell these people to screw off. Look at this. Here's a fact from a Michigan State alum, which you meet happy anniversary. Not incredible from a MSU alum says he listens on the internet. I wonder where this person is. Where is the 205 area code? Does anybody know? 205? Never heard of it. He says he used two words that have always been currishes to their definition. I've tried looking, looking at my fiction here. And everybody will find them. They're pronounced far bisonah. Well, that's a Yiddish word. You'll find that in the Yiddish dictionary. It means fanatical, far bison, lesson, far bison, a goyan, like a fundamentalist. And sick of the Alabama. Oh, a tool facing Alabama. The naughty doesn't know is Yiddish. And sick of fanatical. Well, he sick of fanatical is not spoken. It's sick of that means they suck up. You know, an ask is here. Oh, I heard I said a f**k is here. Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry. It's okay. It says, could you enlighten me and all your other dumb ass? I mean, you're dumb f**k listeners. So there you go. Thanks a lot for my buddy in Alabama. Michigan Staters. Well, I'm going out to the ball game today. Good. You'll have a good time there. I love spring training games. Excellent. Yeah. There's no pressure. It's like an extra life to atmosphere. Yep. And maybe they even have good food there. It's at the... Well, waterdale stadiums. Is it really? Yeah. I bet it's better than, oh, I shouldn't start talking about the food if the macarine I'll get suspended for that. I would like to remind. I don't do suspensions. No, no, that's a year last year. That's a good idea. I've made that very clear to these people. I don't do suspensions. It's just that that's baby crap. You know, I don't do that. They want to play hardball with me than that fine. I'll see them with Ellis Rubin. He should have done a little jump back in a line will take, didn't he? Hi. Yeah. If you thought Rani Zamora was in good shape, went to the sea line will take. Well, Ellis is under a lot of pressure. You know. Well, apparently he's going to get 10 to 30 years, right? Yeah. Well, his attorney was Ellis Rubin. Better than the alternative. Rani Zamora got 26. When I first came to town, that was the big case for Rani Zamora. Yeah. I remember Ellis defended him with that television intoxication case got nationwide publicity and got Rani 26 years in a slamer. Which he just got out. Did they give him a television? I think that fellow would be a little too intoxicating. Just every known in a bottle of cheap line by the grandma boon. You know why he was in a slander. He got to watch that shot. I'm talking about it. I want to be overly intoxicated. A little bit was okay. But TV was just too intoxicating. Well, listen, have a great day. I'm going out to win by an impudging my guts out. I'm just play $5 today and say that I'm a $1. I'm just go crazy. I'm going to go watch a few winnings. So you have good luck. Yeah. There you go. And you too. Okay. Have a good day. Do you not finish on his game now, Ari? No. I don't bet. You know who used to bet exhibition based? You already told me this. Yeah. Okay. Never mind. See you. Bye. Oh, oh. God. believe you me so that's quite a fly-opener there when I'm telling us about we're not supposed to knock the hair all either really I never got that level and then we'll probably be getting a memo about the Florida Plunder Reload while they also advertise on a radio station you know so I get if you want me if you want to be exempt from any kind of criticism or the wrath of the public by way of us just by a couple of spots and then for ever you will be protected or you're a call seriously this place is caving in like a like an earthquake but a sinkhole like a sinkhole that's exactly right can we say that like a sinkhole and it's a sad sad day for me because to show you know the euphoria yesterday and then we turned around and here we are today this is new Roger Rosennick this is by 16th June what Don't get off the hill, see the sins in the cards Don't get off the hill, don't get off the hill, don't get on the ground Don't get on the water, why why the diamond night I got our tune in the court You never must love yourself The cards, another killing each other And blaming it on the way Don't get on the water, why why the diamond night I got our tune in the court They say you can't draw on the cards We're the people on the cards Or they'll kill each other Don't the white white, the diamond night I got our tune in the court For 10-21, it's finalist radio, WQAN All bad news from Iraq again We got good news though, we got $2,000 yesterday And our best of on that property CD To grand right off the gift go Of course that was on the anniversary show today So it was obviously going to be a big euphoric response Right But it does a good thing That doesn't even include what we got on our website Which we're going to be getting those tabulations like once a year Exactly Once a year, five years So that's a good start I think we have a van head coming today As soon as they figure out where it's going to be, I'll let you know They're a showering location Where's going to be? They're exploring locations They're exploring, we got to Magellan and Christopher Columbus That's Christopher Columbus On deck at 1250 today And then in Marlon's and the Orioles in Fort Loverdale The Humper is going to be there 105 is game time So we get on here at 1250 and boy If ever there was a day when I wanted on here early This is the day Believe good timing on that I guess If there was one good thing about today It's the ball game Magdog follows the ball game till 6-3-2 And we got more sports For we got sports up the old shoot today Panthers pd with 6-3 And the Panthers fresh off their 8-2 win in Tampa They got the Montreal Canadians tonight 7-2-3-4 in the 80-3-4 That's our award-winning lineup So we don't have to worry about that 2-4 slot today Because we got a ball game in there, right? Right A series of bombings Here's that bad news briefly I'll try to like minimize it Because we don't want to get you depressed This reduzed off company though A series of bombings in attack Let's at least 21 people dead More than a dozen others wounded in the rack today Come and attack the checkpoint North of Baghdad Telling 10 Iraqi security forces 6 Iraqi soldiers and 4 polis This is the insurgency that's waning According to a dead ID The emergency is waning So these must not be insurgency Must be other evil doers Hordeun all the succillums stuff That's right Bad people Here's the pull result from our anniversary show yesterday What best is grab as meals 30 years on a year in Miami About 30 minutes 2,3 votes Unbelievable On the 11630 That's quite a feather in that guy's cat He called it in a couple days ago Remember there? Were we here? He called and he said how about On the 118 Entertaining 65 A real nitsco 21 The pulse is half four to one 12 Fun 112 In formative 86 A miracle 77 You know I think even 10 Williams over at the old day the days You know sunny boy Who's mother will all on the radio station Even he Wasn't as repressive and restrictive as the current regime Even he didn't wasn't that paranoid and terrified of his own shadow We don't have a big billboard campaign 2 AM We're scared We're scared And we are man Be a heart-trophied We are terrified We're shaken and quickened at our boots A miracle 77 Oh, you can say that again It's a miracle Provocative 73 Ponderous enough already 71 I think they may have a point In lightning 43 Stale 34 So we just went over between those two That's 5.1% that's bad Siddilating 23 Lucky 11 and aggravating only five Well, it's aggravating on this end I'll take it that Not necessarily because of the show But sure it's hell is aggravating It's especially these days It's good, golly See the other something There's nothing there's nothing in the world I despise worse than a phony, you know Somebody comes up to you If I Greg used to do this with you all the time And you knew he hated you like poison And the really making me neutral obviously And used to pull that all the time It came in you guys have been doing the drug brothers Grip and the fisting and the shaking You know, Mason secret handshake Exactly a little finger there on your palm And a hand jump up on the air Right Trash hands doing a high five, jumping five And you know, you hated these other like poison Yeah, but I can't stand my favorite For us, you know, don't let hand me and color with a big smile Hey, you're glad you're fat ass What have you guys done? And then just keep stabbing me and stabbing me and going back You know, I just can't deal with that So just this day away, that's my best suggestion for these people If they want to show to continue, stay the hell away I'll show up every day and do the best I can under your very limited circumstances That's all I can do because you people are depressing I'm going to play you be press me in honor of the new management Who should be the Democratic Party's president? So by the way, this isn't just stick to the day, okay? Joe, this is not stick, this is from the heart Who should be the Democratic Party's presidential candidate in 2008? 746 votes, Howard Dean 146 Are you like that? Will it make you feel a little bit better? It does. It makes no difference. 1.39, I'm not sure those might be Republicans as I say And that or people who think they ain't got no chance or they're all as lost It's kind of like the QM mentality, you know, all as lost Hillary Clinton 133, Al Gore 70, Barack Obama 59, Wesley Clark 45 He can start exploring all the delies in South Florida again Joe Biden 38, John Edwards 37, wait till we get near the bottom It's really revealing. I don't care 31. I hate this pool 24 John Kerry only 14 and the outgoing governor of Virginia Mark Warner 10 John Kerry is like right near the bottom How do you like that? I mean Al Gore is, you know, he's got a respectable 71 votes But John Kerry is way down near the bottom Isn't that very revealing? Even though we all wanted to Damned and probably did win the last election, but not the last he's still Al Gore 70, still the one a lot for dinner. That one somebody who was against the War from the beginning who tells it like it is told it like it was Right from the beginning doesn't like all over the place and doesn't make Apologies in the idea and you know really kick stance and that's how we're Dean That's who got my vote. How are Dean's demand baby? I realize it's only like early 2006, but it's never too early to be, you know, Starting to plan against fascism. Just like here at QA, we've been having some secret meetings pretty soon. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.16. There are the talents who rock your rollers past their prime. What's that? It's straight out of Detroit Rocks, ladies, this kid rise. What's up? I'm Scott Stab. And the secret no one knew. I don't spend a lot of money on videos. I don't think a lot of people realize that. Is it true love or something more higher right here? I think you turned the cameras on. You put the thought into the video and not the money. They call each other pet names. The line, the mama. See that **** did it. And no one understands what these two share. That's when the states that are in a swim in videos are sometimes. The simplest things matter most. Play one of my songs. I don't think that's necessary. Grammy winning singers, Kid Rock, and Scott Stab, and broke back Rockstar. I don't think that's necessary. 1031 Rock and see there's a couple others that are in there. I'm not going to be playing either. I didn't have a days. If you thought we were censored and muscled before, you won't see nothing yet. Just to trust me when I tell you. They haven't got a clue. More bad news from over there in that part of the world. Why don't you ever meet any of the good news? There isn't any. A suicide attack around a car pack with explosives into a vehicle carrying an American diplomat in Pakistan's largest city, Karachi, killing four people including the diplomat, and had a president pushes visit to Pakistan. How do you like that? Oh my God. Bush condemned the attack duty West constantly. The Russian killer is not going to Pakistan. And the final leg of his tour of South Asia is on his last legs. Kind of like us. We've lost at least one of the US's in the bombing a foreign service officer. And I said our country's deepest condolences to that person's level. And the person's level was in family, your president said, at a new conference in neighboring India. I wonder if they were feeding him Korean in India. Oh, that's why he's not this president's stump before. Unbelievable. Oh, and I think about Clinton. I just flipped on there. Wait till we get to that thing about him. No, no, he thought he was either. What? Nothing. It's just all the president. Things in life. Very, very, very rarely what they appear to be on the surface. When you scratch and dig a little bit, not all that deep, necessarily. Just a little bit like about a tenth of an inch. And you find, oh, look at that. There's a festering rot there. And I can smell it. Anyway, we've got some factions left over here. I'll interspersed those because I don't want to keep going on. And we've only got to like a 1250. And I'm going to race out of here at 1250. Don't anybody waste your time calling here at 1250 or bothered me because I'll be long gone. And I'll be dressed and out the door. Here's a effects from Dr. Ron and Helen Dale said yesterday. I just wanted to congratulate you on 30 years of wonderful entertainment. You tell it like it isn't. It's been very important for many people. Obviously not for the current management though. They're not interested in telling it like it is. They just want to tell it like the beesleys. Lannis to tell it. Okay. They're going to put the words in our mouth. Just like that thing with Howard Biel and that work. You know, Mr. Jensen. He put the words in the mouth and Howard Biel went on here. And pop, pop, pop, pop, end to that. I'm a psychologist. Dr. Ron, would they practice now? They'll offer me for my depressed patients to your show. It seemed to help them. Oh yeah. This definitely is a show for crazy people. I'm sorry, Dr. Ryan. I want to use that word crazy. For disturbed people. And the listening since 88 at that time, we were attacking the early birds. You got my attention then and still do now. Best of luck in all that you do. I hope you decide to stay on the air after your contract with WKM runs out. Oh, this guy, you got it. You don't need my show, Dr. Ron. You got the abusive humor, man. You are a real comedian. That's funny. That's pretty funny. You'll see I stay on the air to act on my contract with this joint runs out. I'm like in about five minutes. Let's see. Here's my canmelbourne for the pull. Sam, none. Oh, get outta here. Sam, none. Right, Winger and Drager. You can me. Democrat, my ad. Secret carry some southern states. He has the form policy credentials. He's a moderate moderate. My ad, Mike. And he's been out of the center for almost ten years. So the current stence of corporate shouldn't take him. But he looks like a goof. He is a goof. Sam, none. Mike, he wouldn't get none. Post for anybody to let him, but still the hun, Sam, none. Get outta here, Mike. Go pedal his ad someplace else. Brother. How about clearance for President? At least we get him out of this place anyway. I think he's just as qualified to be president. He's to be PD. Wouldn't you say? I would say one hand. I don't want to put him in his way. Whatever. So we made up that story about how he got through in the middle of the game. We're now relating the game. You're the one that's made up in the middle of the game. We told you late. I was totally sure. Exact words in the all into the game. No. Yes. I was here when you got the story. That's what I was said. Okay. What was said? Half hour. I think, okay. In the son of the woods, he went to game and already started. Right. What difference does it make if it's a half hour an hour? You know, if you're going to broadcast it. That's the point. You're going to be there 40 minutes before the game. Yeah. Before the pregame. Yeah. But the whole ticket thing is factual. Also the rest of it is bogus. Yes it is. Oh my god. How do I get that check back? Hey buddy. It'll balance. I didn't get the story. It's already on the way between Toronto and Miami. How do I get that thing? How do I pull it back? I just let it go man. I don't think so. I'm going to get excuse me. I got to call my bank now. I got to check. I got to stop payment on. Now you're all right. You just under a lot of pressure. Like all the rest of us now. See, I told you George. See, you will never listen to me. You never ever listen to me. Never I was telling you. I said, the bloodbreak. My life is nobody ever listens. I try. I try to do my best. Tell people, I warn you. I told you. Oh no. This guy's ain't lost me. I'm about a map. Have we got to be great? Yeah. All this other crap. If I wanted to take the time, which I don't because we got a short show today, I could go down point by point. Everything in these last couple of months since the New Regime came in. And every single one of them is turned out to be, how do I say it delicately, you know? But like not, huh? Focus. That's a good word. Vogue us. Like nobody's going to mess with Josh or George. And in the next thing I find all like two minutes later, was Josh is going over to Power 96. And if he wants to work for free, he can do your show. And the agony of this whole deal continues going on because this one says, this and corporate says that and but it be better. It's no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like that. Back and forth. And but it would put about the internal insanity continues. And then of course this thing with Clara Sullivan, he's all the ultimate sense of the world. Not that much we had Joyce on her ass who's eminently unqualified, who's gone way beyond the boundaries of FCC regulation. But now we also want top of that. Now we have an additional layer of censorship. Now we got Josh there who wouldn't know. He wouldn't understand radio regulations. FCC rules if if you hit him and I have a baseball bat. Couldn't hurt, but I mean nevertheless because where there's no sense, there's no feeling. And in a way, I feel sorry for him because he's had this enormous amount of pressure and responsibility put on him although I don't feel sorry after that call on Monday. You know. When you were sad there since somebody was in a studio. Yeah. I'm real good at that scene long distance. You know I can see right from here right in that studio now. Laser beams. So like I told you so far things have not been really hunky door from where we all sit. Looking pretty pretty grim. I'll all like that good decision on at 2 to 4 slot. Video shows bush heard dire warnings ahead of Katrina. And see and you know, I don't want to I will because it's anniversary time. I can I can I can milk that through the end of the way to tomorrow. Sure. But you would think that the very least when all you ask is just pay me on time and leave me alone. Then that's it nothing else. Don't give me like a bunch of a bunch of balloons. You know, it's interesting they had the Greg Regul in a way a card. I didn't notice that anybody FedEx the nice happy 30th anniversary card. Not that I would have expected it or it was necessary. But that would have been a nice gesture wouldn't it? Sure. Have everybody in the building sign egg because at least I'm still on the staff. I'm still on the air last time I checked at least as of this moment. That didn't give done. But it's a very least just leave me alone don't kiss my ass. No tell me how wonderful I am. How great my numbers are. I know I can read the numbers okay. I've been doing this a long time. Just leave me alone and pay me on pay the that's it. That's it. Do whatever else you want before this show after the show after midnight. Whatever. I don't care. Not interested. And they still can't do that. Because we got to do your program director now is going to he's going to take control. And just like you were saying me for the show today. Everywhere I've ever been. That's their goal. They didn't get the big ratings bring in a lot of money. But we're going to control that meal Rogers. We're going to get control of that show. We're going to control what? What is there to control? We're kicking ass. You got some other problems in other day parts deal with those problems. Okay. We're going to get a whole day and we're going to control him. And I keep getting these idiot calls from a junior program director. A little overgrown sports nerd child. And he and how many times see this is the problem. You've had a general manager who's making decisions based on no way nothing about the The history of what's going on here. Nothing. How many times? At least the half a dozen. He's coming in. Oh, what? You shouldn't be playing that. And we listen to it together. And again, you pointed out him that he's way out of out of line. Way over line. If it's up to Clara's zero, we won't be playing any bit anymore. Much less of ones that people really want to hear. We won't be playing nothing. There'll be no more humor. There'll be no more entertainment. Because that's the direction we're going in. I mean, way over the top. History of panic sets in. Because when you don't know what you're doing, that's when people get really panicking. Clarence. Video shows bush heard dire warnings ahead of Katrina. Talk about that after the break. I know if I'm going to waste my time taking any calls today. Because we're going to very short show. I have a huge pile. I've got a couple more facts as I want to read from yesterday. And then again, after that, I'm going to kill myself. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.16. 8.18. Jason stands for nothing. Absolutely. I see for serious, see for new. Good evening. I'm Dan Weather on Special Assembly Corps. See you in the evening. Thanks to the bush and the demonstrations, bungling of this. Compt up bore in the middle east. Moveslam violence exploded again today. In protest of the cartoon, the victim, the prophet Muhammad, here in the one who can go to town. It's a dream that you can see this. It is crazy on clean. The onion is so crap. Playing for the violence, risk squarely on Hamas brother. And in Pakistan, of all days report three protesters, were injured today, and those fell on their head. The situation was compounded by the news from tip on that Iran, which British in his own pedumin, reporting live from tune down, and then rather serious student in. Now I see it. That's Aleppo. That's Aleppo. 1044, QI in the vannes of the circle K on Oriol Boulevard and commercial. I never heard of Oriol Boulevard in my life. All me either, but it's there. West of power line road. And we'll be there until 1250. It's at the circle K. So this kind of circle of black and stuff on and get your about 30. About 30, and T-shirt, 20 bucks, the proceeds go to a vannet per rescue. And Oriol Boulevard and commercial. No idea. No idea, but there's lots of good stuff on that CD that's I'll never hear on the air. I got news for it. If we'd known yesterday what we know today, or whenever we picked whoever picked out these vits on the CD, we could add like a quadruple disc set. Because you ain't good here much of anything anymore to wait this place is going. Anyway, I'm just going to keep plugging along. We only got a couple hours and then the thank God. I'll just run out to the door and pretend I never came into the day. You talk about getting off on the wrong foot with people. This is getting off on the wrong foot, you know? Oh my God, you guys are just great. There are not anything I can do. Yeah. And then again, boom. Like you're broadcasting with Dick Cheney, man. Every time they look around and he's got him a face again. By the way, Oriol is the road that takes you to Lockhart Stadium. I'll look around. Oh, I see. So that's kind of like an anticipation of these exhibition space bulging. Excellent. Good idea. Like I said, all the people going to the bulging, stop buying pickup your merchandise. Please. Help out all those abandoned puppies and a cat. It's romantic. Sometimes I can't. I think terms, federal disaster officials won President Bush and his Homeland Security TV for hurricane Katrina struck that the storm could reach levies. Risk lives in the world in super domain, overbaum rescue. Where's the core to confidential video footage of the briefings? This is just another gigantic black mark on his idiots resume. Bush didn't ask a single question during the final government wide briefing that 84 Katrina struck on August 29. But assured soon to be battered state officials, we are fully prepared. Ha ha ha. Six days of footage in transcripts obtained by the Associated Pressure and Excruciating Detail, the while federal officials anticipate of the tragedy that unfolded New Orleans and elsewhere along the Gulf Coast. They were fathily slow to realize they hadn't mustered enough resources to deal with the unprecedented disaster more blood on your president's hands. Even Rucker Ha ha in the hitching they were had as much blood on his hands. Link by secure video of Bush's provide on August 29, starkly contrasted with the dire warnings as disaster chief and he could cap in a federal state local officials provided during the four days before the storm. I love that word a cap in a of officials. A top hurricane expert voiced grave concerns about the levees and then FEMA agency chief Michael Brown, heck of a job Browney told the president the homies security chief Mickey Chirtoff that he feared they were to up disaster teams to help evacuate evacuees at the super dome. I'm concerned about their ability to respond to a catastrophe within a catastrophe Brown told his bosses they after known before a Katrina made landfall. Some of the footage conflicts with the defenses that federal state and local officials have made and tried to deflate blame and minimize the political fall off from the failed Katrina response. Whole land security officials for example said the fog of war blinded them early on to the magnitude of the disaster, but the video and transcript show federal and local officials discussed threats clearly reviewed law made plans and understood that Katrina would redevisstation of historic proportions. I'm sure it'll be in the top 10 or 15 when all of a sudden done national hurricane centers may feel worn the day Katrina lies to Gulf Coast. It'll max. I don't buy the fog of war defense ground told the APN interview today. It was a fog of bureaucracy. Even old incompetent Browney Brown even he is shocked by their ineptitude. Bush declared four days after the storm. I don't think anybody anticipated the breach of levies that gustantly waters their flood waters in New Orleans, but the trans gets in video show there was plenty of talk about that possibility and that bush was mighty worry too. Another liar liar. Your pants run fire, Georgie. How do you like that? How this may not be impeached. It's just what's our got that story by Doug Tomt and he has re-election spirit democrat against and remember could increase cost when peach boys. Oh, right. Please, please. Well, there's any semblance of a country left. And then after that, when we'll impeach the beeslees, how's that? Don't tease. Now, I'm not sure, I mean, these people, they want us to make chicken salad, which chicken droppings and I, you know, there's that old thing. I can't do that. I don't know how to, where's that magic wand you've got there on F 360? You're working on it. I guess that's the only way we're going to do it. Because every day that goes by, you can't say this, you can't play that. And, uh, John, sure, there was going to, he's going to decide whether it's madness. Madness. And it's all based on cowardice and fear. Oh, oh, oh, oh, what are we going to do? I got news for, I'm not the one that made those mistakes. I warned them loudly and most, they're going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be so you know. I'll just, I have an a party, you know, get the blues out. And the a party makers make a lot of noise and get drunk. And then that's it. As opposed to having, like, just a tiny little bit of respect. I don't want anybody kiss my ass, but just a tiny bit of, uh, a respect. I understand that I know where the line is. Okay. But what the hell could I possibly know? We're dealing with real professionals. Bill Clinton, help do buy on poor steal. depressing. It's a depressing Thursday, I'm sorry, but I've always told you, you're never going to have two like you for days in the early yesterday was a real upper and today is a real downer. Some of you shouldn't go to Woodby, maybe I should just jump out the window. Bill Clinton, former U.S. President, advised top officials from Dubai to weeks ago on how to address growing U.S. concerns over the acquisition of five U.S. container terminals by D.P. World, it came even as his wife Senator Hillary couldn't was leading efforts to derail the deal. You know, pushing with one hand pulling back with the other, kind of like Wally Hennessy at the track. Mr. Clinton, who this week called the United Arab Emirates a good ally to America, advised Dubai's leaders to propose a 45-day delay to allow for intensive investigation of the acquisition according to East spokesman. But you like that. Okay? However, Mr. Clinton remains a leading voice against the deal and this week proposed legislation to block it arguing that the U.S. could not afford to surrender our poor operations to foreign governments. Mr. Clinton spokesman said, President Clinton is the former president of the U.S. and has said that he receives many calls from more leaders and leading figures every week, about two weeks ago they do buy a leaders call them and he suggested they submit to the full and regular scrutiny process and they should put maximum safeguards and security into any poor proposal. He added that Mr. Clinton's support in his wife's position on the deal and that ideally state-owned companies would not know U.S. poured operations. So this is one of those stories, this is from the financial times where the headline doesn't necessarily fit the rest of it. You know what I'm saying? We said like I said, push wood one hand pull him back with the other. Mr. Clinton's contract, their contract, excuse me, contact with Dubai and the issue one discourse, the relationship he's developed with the United Arab Emirates in Saving Orifice in 2002, he was paid $300,000 to address his summit in Dubai. I'm sure that had nothing to do with his involvement. The whole world is a bunch of horrors, folks. All your kids, they don't forget to I mean the whole world's a bunch of shudd me. Who are they? Careful. The backlash against Dubai's takeover seems some lawmakers and Washington highlighted. Yeah, seriously, I'm going to, I'm going to just put this on the floor right now. I'm going to tell you something, seriously. We have reached a point in this country now in your country. A turning point at which there is no such thing as free speech. Yeah. And the way this company is responding and we acting to it is terrifying. That's just frightening. That's just a little bit unnerving. It is terrifying to me. How cowardly can you become? Where do we draw the line? When is the next person going to come in? I mean I think from a hank about what we can't do not to Harold since when. They're a competitor for Pride Outland. Exactly. They hate us like poison. Whether without their stupid spots. And it's just reaching the point when we're going to have somebody come and say, well you can't knock out the president because the Republicans are going to buy a bunch of spots for the elections as far. Where do we draw the freaking line of having any kind of freedom of speech? I mean just a semblance of it. And I remember when that whole genogestion craft started and then I, you know, and then very rapidly that evolved into what we got now. And I would have got people like supposedly liberal or progressive J Rocker fiver for much Virginia proposing in decency regulation to be extended the satellite and cable for crying out loud. Where the hell does it end? And that's why the Democratic Party thinks that you went out because instead of being the buffer there to stand in the way and holding up the hand and say, wait a minute hold it. You can't go any further than this. They're like encouraging it because they wanted they want to be the good. They don't want to be out good. You two choose. You understand what I'm saying? I don't know. I mean nobody wants to support smart. You know, let me like embracing how gold steam and screw magazine. You can't do that. I'm for smart. I'm all for smart. I'm a pervert baby and I'm proud of and so are most people of I know. I don't know almost anybody's not a pervert. Think it's liellars. Just a man agree. That's right. You know if everybody got to love me, go on. So you're screaming the loudest of anybody we've been on the else being a pervert. That's what the day is pervert and we've always known that. It's Bill of Riley. Can others? All is the same story. Well, this one says this and now one says that. And therefore we can't do this. You know, make up your mind. Okay. I'll tell you right now. I'm going to put the Neil Rodgers challenge on the table right now. I got almost three years left out of the deal. If this company doesn't want the Neil Rodgers show on a stage, there's a very simple way to deal with it. Okay. After that big 30 of fake anniversary yesterday. Right a check. You know, right out a check. Not a penny more or penny less than his do. You know, do the man. If I can get out my calculator figure out it's a lot of money. Right a check. I'll go away. You'll never hear from me again. I'll walk away. Just walk away. Exactly. But if you want me to do a show, if you want me to do the Neil Rodgers show, don't every day keep coming up with some cockamy logic about, oh, gee, well, that's over to line. And this and that's the line. Okay. I've been doing this a very, very long time. And I think that the changing of the regime as opposed to what some of you thought, including you, as opposed to being a good thing, the, again, it's learning on a job kind of a deal. I got news for it. It's not like being a president. There's something you can learn on the job. Nobody ever has enough training and life to be the president. But you can't learn at all. But then again, why would they ever want to listen to me? You don't want to say, who would want to listen to me? I don't know nothing. What? All the success I've had, just like that one choice and the pull yesterday lucky. It's just been lucky for 30 years. That's all. After I know anything about this business or because the show is any good or because people listen, boy, I mean, listen, I'm lying all over the country and all over the world. No, it's just because of luck. I know nothing. It's a coincidence. Yeah. As opposed to little sports nerds, they're the experts on broadcast thing and about to, I got news for it. I'm not going to say it. It's not even what we're talking about. Here's the fact that yesterday, high in the 11 listings since the sweet and low days, you've entertained me, made me laugh, got me angry, but it's importantly, help me see and think about things and people. It's not, oh, people in South Florida differently. I'll smoke a fat one and they still eat too. It'll celebrate your 30 years in the business. Thanks for the memories. Sign curious. P. F. Georgia's great. Curious if they plummet. Thank you very much. Curious if they plummet. Here's one from Mark. Now this is interesting because the last sentence, oh, boy. Sorry, Mark, I couldn't live up to you or what you said. He says, happy 30. Have been with you all the way from KAT. I thought you and Craig were both a flaming hoot. I guess I had a strange pay for a teenager then he says, stuck with you through WNWS. I insulated an IOD where they blew up the greatest effing line up in this piece of South Florida radio. Then he says, don't ever let the bastards get you down. Well, thanks for the best wishes Mark, but unfortunately, oh, this is your body mark. The glass your mark. Close personal friend. Yeah. Crotic thanks, Mark. Well, unfortunately, I think you put the canary on me, Mark, as boy, you talk about getting somebody down. I'm just, I'm so, I'm just so de-flated and depressed, it's just there are no words that describe it. Because it's a rude awakening. People give you the, like I said, the glass hand, hey, everybody had patched out of my condom. At least expect you know. There might be a, what's his name in Godfather 3? What's his, oh, no, and Godfather 2, highman Roth. Oh, yes, partners with Michael, you know. But the whole while he was plotting the, they're the whole while they were plotting against each other. And then of course, the creepy guy goes in the hospital, he's got the pillow and puts the pillow over his mouth and I'm saying, don't see him no more. He was good that creepy looking guy. Very well, I was very very very very very scary guy. More scary than look at Brassie, I thought was more amusing than scary. Pusha be the Democratic Party president of candidate in 2008 if we live that long. 860 Duvaux were going to get to a thousand, maybe they buy 1250 or not. How are dean? 177. How are his demand, baby? Howard. It makes no difference. 165. Hillary Clinton won 55. She's doing well and Jordan not too happy about it. Al Gore 74 Barack Obama 71, Wesley Clark 55, Joe Biden 45, John Edward 39, I don't care 32. Don't care. I hate this pool 32. Mark Warner 15 and John Kerry. Oh, no. That must be like a typo or something, isn't it? Must be. I mean, it looks to me on air like John Kerry's last place with a measly about bees that measly 14 votes. Roger this is by 16. This is the Neil Roger cell. Oh, I, this is your blame. Any questions? I'll never do justice. Big, what happened? The move of us in undergold, down Saturday. Saw her extended there. He was Brass can orange. I turned and shot a parrot. He was struck in the right side of his face and he was sure stunned, obviously. You think? It's the first time I ever had a parrot. What? There's no, it's not air as well. I guess not. The other hunter and I, then, went around in Kuel. We walked about out of yards and another direction. He's just got a bird. You guys, he continues to hunt? Exactly. That's what we did. What was Harry doing? Lady, obviously. What were you thinking? I have no idea. So let me see justice. constrains I'm dying out of the hand. It's 1102 at 560 WQ and poison drills in whatever this is. We are Marlons baseball today. The first exhibition gave him a season after he said about that, I sure am. I'm with the one who's at Apple, Apple plugged in, friends. He dropped 50 to 3-game Marlons on deck. Marlons and the Orioles at 105, that could be with our good buddy, Dave and Boring. That's right. And then again, Foxy Roxy. I guess right. Right. Now what about that TV guide, every Walsk guy, is he back this year too? He is awful, man. He's brutal. I would imagine he's back, yeah. Oh my God, you gotta be kidding me. Rich Walsk? I think somebody out of photo horses in his bed. Mad Dog, you have to demolge in. And pants in preview of 630 and the pants are in the Canadian. At 7 or clock from the macaroonum. Eddie K after the game. It isn't the macaroon, isn't it? It's a home game. Yes. Come on, Josh. Get with it. And what? You know, when you haven't paid this year up there for a few minutes and pretend you belong there, that was okay. They didn't have to tremendous interest. Now that you're not on the payroll over there anymore. Oh, I don't know. Who cares about that crap? That's right. That hockey? Yeah, that hockey crap. Exactly. A review of the United Arab Emirates' own companies plan to take over a portion of operations of key-wise ports never looked into whether the company had ties to Al Qaeda or other terrorists, a key Republican lawmaker told CNN yesterday. Never bothered looking at that. Representative Peter King of the York Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee said officials from the Homeland Security and Treasury Department told him weeks ago that their 30-day review of the deal did not look into the question of links between D.P. World and Al Qaeda. Why would anybody be bothered with matter details like that? Yeah, you're not picking. Huh? The Secretary. King said the officials told him after he asked about investigation in a possible terrorist ties. Conversement, you don't understand. We don't conduct a thorough investigation. We just asked the intel director if there's anything on file and he said no. There was no real investigation conducted during the 30-day period. About 30 minutes. King who has been a vocal critic of the deal told CNN, I can't emphasize this enough. There was no real investigation. Police comments appear to contradict testimony about administration officials before Congress this week that a thorough review of any terrorism ties had occurred during the initial review of the deal. After King and other lawmakers raised concerns about the deal, the company agreed to a 45-day review by the investigation, King said the administration should use the time to investigate the firm rather than try to convince lawmakers that the deal should be approved. Well, I hear the administration saying they want to educate the Congress and the American public. They should be educating themselves, King said they should do the investigation they should have done after the 30-days. But, 30-days. A wave of concern is what Capitol Hill over the news to allow a debate that a book would put about. Quidditch note that two of the suicide hijackers involved in the attacks in 9-11 came from the United Arab Emirates and that money for the plot was funneled through a banks in Dubai, the banking hub of the Persian Gulf. We just mentioned a couple of those things. Passing. By the way, when it came to the business of tracing where the money went after 9-11, remember that? They were as uncooperative as anyone, just like the Saudi Arabia. So, yeah, so, well, that's exactly it. And even it wasn't gay to get in the gaystom wall. Who is the straightstom wall? Doug Thompson, your buddy of what we got to hurry, we only got till 12.50, thank God. Oh, brother. We're mark and down in the calendar, mark second. This must be the eyes of March. If I should buy until 12.50 a day. I'm just, I'm just literally, I think on the court as, yes, maybe I just didn't wipe one, I shaved and wiped the shaving cream off. Oh, okay, when you shaved, I'm filming it tomorrow. Just apple-plactic. It's almost like working in the Persian Carpet Factory here at QA. Now, the keep pulling the carpet out from under your over and over. And the fact that it's good to be got me those, there's no cleats for my shoes. GOP, this is Doug Thompson. GOP, political strategist, spirit of shift in congressional seats from Republican Democratic hands in the midterm electionist November. First, for a renewed movement to impeach President Bush, a possibility at Miss Political Scientists, George Harley, who served in the Nixon or Reagan administrations, the margin of the GOP majority in both a thousand Senate protects the President right now, but a shift could build momentum to impeach. Other strategists agree. This satisfaction grows almost daily with Bush and both a moderate and conservative Republican race, and some might be well we go along with Democratic calls for impeachment to protect their own seats of the GOP majority as reduced by the elections. Now, if this administration has become the gang that can't shoot straight, says, long on a happy strategy that I work with my during my days in Capitol Hill for 1887, says Doug Thompson, that Democrats don't even have to win back in control if they make enough gains, and that'll scare the Republicans enough to think more about their own political hives. Arses. Don't expect any Republican to admit such thought publicly, though they're concerned not to a sidle, but more and more than grumble in the cloakroom into back calls of Congress saying Bush is a serious liability to party and may need to go. He's got a going problem. He may need to go. The private talk intensified this week with published reports and vice-president Big Cheney may retire after the midterms, allowing Bush to select a new vice president who would need to be confirmed by Congress. Inside magazine a publication of the Republican-leaning right-winged Washington Times, quotes DOP sources as saying that Cheney is also becoming a liability because of the indictment of his chief of staff in the CIA, late scandal, and the controversy surrounding the delay in reporting of the shooting of a friend and lawyer during that hunting. The sources reported a growing rift between the president and vice president as well as their staffs. The inside article says they said the Mr. Cheney's failure to immediately tell the president the ex-endal shooting of the vice president's hunting colleague earlier this month. That's not surprised to us. We reported the growing rift between Bush and Cheney to week zero. At the moment, Cheney's Bush's job security is as hardly as bad as the Democrats' lowest Bush they can't stand the thought of a president and Cheney. New poll show Bush is probably no but the numbers. The poll clearly show Americans don't trust the president, even worse they don't like him, hardly says it's credibility as shot in his likability isn't far behind. The poll also showed that his trust spreads to Republicans who show public support for Bush and his policies, the prospect to look very grim for Republicans who said Ross Baker a political scientist at Rutgers. Larry said about the political enlist of the University of Virginia analyst. Don't say enlist. So his Bush's problems in the mid-terms parallel those that face the Republican Party in the pivotal 72 midterm elections after Richard Nixon resounded disgrace or the 66 midterms of when widespread voter dissatisfaction with LBJ caused Democrats' chief in vote, seats in both the House and Senate. If the election were held next week, Democrats probably would take control of at least one House of Congress about those says, such a thought means Republicans may have to start eating their own if they want to survive and that means even more trouble for the star-crossed administration of George W. Bush. And I say a little reason for a hope there. I'll give a little little particle by Cindy Sheen and Sam Boastaff. And it's just it's too long, you know. He's a professor of economics in chairman of the Department of Economics at the University of Dallas. We all know who Cindy Sheen is. Okay, if you don't know who Cindy Sheen is, then turn on the star-breath in the funny pages. I just don't have time for this today, I'll think. But I can stick it in my palm, maybe for tomorrow. Okay, come back. Well, you think. We'll be going to be back tomorrow. Well, let's hope. I'll let's say I get that check. They could always bet exit. Now, these people just don't know what they want. They want to lay them in you on and they're going to give it like a can of alpha to try to make a roof. It's just amazing to me. And the very same guy who was lamenting to be in our first conversation, oh, how could they expect you to do a show? And what your hands tie behind your back? And you can't even play the forts up. And the same guy he's like, you know. Oh, a bit weak, but a group of up. And yeah, we probably are going over the top. But why are you going over the top? That's what I like to know, Joe. Why are you going so above and beyond the Call of Duty? Historically, those were his own words in the email. I received this morning response to my own email. Let me get another thing here. Direct quote. I don't think there's any question that we've gone overboard, but it's what we've been told to do for the time being. overboard. Man overboard. Robert Shear writes, dubious Dubai deal. I think that time for this one before the break. You think? Okay, I think you do. Robert Shear. He was too well liberal for the Ellen. That's right. I can't. I'm sorry. For the San Francisco Chronicle. And syndicated of course. View by Dubai. That's the Seasons Big Hit as any farce with pompous officials in the Bush administration under historical courtiers in the mass media, asserting positions that are patently absurd, but hilarious to watch. Audiences are eating it up. Great fun, but not for everyone. Feel the pain over at Fox television. How do you go on, Stoke in xenophobic history against the Arabs when the Golden Boy of the White House has turned over management of six American ports to an Amir who once backed the Taliban? Okay, so now he's a good guy. We responded to Daddy Bush's charity pitch by throwing 100 million bucks to a Katrina victims and before that another million of the Bush presidential library. But how do you sell that to a Fox television audience? Brainwashed a belief that Saudi Hussein is indistinguishable for most of the time because they both speak Arabic. All it would be Lou Dobbs over at CNN who never liked anyone connected with a Middle East including the President and who now sends reporters out in the dark of Meditrac Mysterious Cargo. Some guys have all the fun, especially those traders that aren't realized there was a war on and then it's our patriotic duty to support the President. We need to be engaged in the country. Now maybe this poor deal isn't really that big a threat to you as security but then either was who's saying. That didn't stop Bush from ripping up Iraq and turning it into a showcase for religious fraccazide so he makes mistakes but he's our president. We are in a war, a war on terror, terror, terror all the time. But now we're getting mixed messages. First of present told us that in the war on terror you trust your own government to broaden homeland security. You put your faith in the stir in electronic one-waving Americans and white shirts and test TSA FLS who check your shoes at the airport. Those outstanding Americans who report to other unobstanding Americans such as Homeland Security Secretary Michael Shardaw and people he trusts. Now they tell us it's okay to have some Arab as the guy in charge of checking our shoes excuse me, ports? Yeah I know to be the least bit queasy about turning over our ports to God's who supported the Taliban when that bunch of religious maniacs were harboring bin Laden is as the Bush Apologist tell us just seen a phobic. Dubai was not a lone Saudi Arabian Pakistan to the same and other trusted allies. These are crazy times and there's some ungrving out of these in Bush's foreign policy, but don't worry as soon as who's saying is tried and hang democracy will flour in the Arab world and the war on terrorism will be over. In the meantime we have to put up with some contradictions such as trusting Arab-stool and fort management companies even as we scapegoat them everywhere else. Even if you're a teensy once seen near and near of a service about it remember that the Bush is a man to clear that the management companies don't have anything to do with port security because that's safely in the hands of US customs and the US Coast Guard. Oops not according to the Coast Guard. Just like when things looked like they were quieting down, Senator Susan Collins of Maine Chairman of the Senate Hot Homeland Security Committee had to go and mess it up for the President by releasing details of very embarrassing Coast Guard warning that the White House had ignored. There are many intelligence gaps concerning the potential for Dubai ports rural assets to support terrorist operations that preclude an overall threat of system of the potential merger instead of the Coast Guard document. No biggie, I get it when it comes to national security who are you going to trust? The President of the US are commander and chief or those senior boys in the Coast Guard who are already backing off. But this is a very unpopular lame duck president. Former public and legislators are getting nervous. For example, Collins who broke ranks to warn this reports suggest that we're significant and troubling intelligence gaps that language is very troubling to me. Hey, no problem, reassures fellow Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona. It could be worse the port managers could be Chinese communist. The Chinese are even less free than the people of Dubai and since the lead does devolute there. Some spoiled ports for us might even point out the Beijing never recognized the Taliban and hardly coddled religious fanatics. But would that would ruin this wonderful force and I wish it a very long run. You buy Dubai? Yeah, I loved every minute since Robert Schuyer. She's buying us. Great. I'm a cute. He's good. Tuga for the LA Times, but not too good for us. 1113 at 5.60, W.Q. and B.H. Ford has gone mad. Madness and March, all this month at B.H.F. They dismissed having a record month last month so they've kind of great that record this month. Right now, we've extended camp 4-4-5 fees. I was low with 249 bucks a month, we're just 995 dollars down plus fees with a pro credit in 39 monthly. Madness and March at B.H.F. Means you must be mad. You've got to be nuts if you don't take a band of rebates in discounts up to $10,000 on all new and use vehicles. Now if you're not in the market for new carbie, you know somebody who is, be sure and send them into B.H.F. because if they take delivery this month through March, B.H.F. will send you 200 bucks and money comes from B.H.F.F. advertising budgets to one effect your friends' price. The moment out on this once a year event, B.H.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.FF.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.S.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F and a perk of, but what the hell is a matter with you people? I don't know what you've been smoking, but ever since Scooby Blooms up, Eldon Eldon, I have been trying to spread the words that cartoons are about as real as world's last asset induced technical and green people. So come visit us, it is the world's Damascus, where Donald does not wear pants, but a women are covered, and where tomorrow land is set in 1352. And for all you in videos, am I see? See you soon! Pay me why? Why? Because we hate you! And all you waste! Ah, crap! It'll be due to that USW get really a banana ship, especially early Arab street. 11.19 at 5.16 at every Kim O'Neighb, and hour and a half away from Marlon's baseball. Oh, hey, can you smell of the smell of leather and giant straps and sweat and all like it's stuff? Oh, fuck, what? And all the guys taking showers together in a locker room and snapping it or anything. With body wash, I mean snapping there, but with the tongue. Oh, I'm sure. What? What? Well, that's not too exciting. No, it's not. Too 60, we had 2,000 years ago, we only had 2,000 years ago. I think that's a crap location if you ask me, I don't know why the hell I came up with that. Most of our people are not on the way to the Marlon game. Well, they ought to be. What? No, they shouldn't have a few years. They're not on the way to the Marlon game. And they're not going to be like a, you know, smattering of people out there. And nobody gives a crap. It's a middle of the day on a Thursday. Okay. Or even take off from work to go to Marlon's exhibition game, a preseason game. They don't even take off from work to go to that kind of regular season. Even like if it's a playoff battle, going on, they're not going to do that. Unlike in real baseball cities like Chicago, we're just routinely they take off to go to those afternoon games, right? Josh, that's right. Right. So you're not going to be working to Marlon's at all this year. I will not be. I'll be going as you can. You're going to have to hold back. You can actually tell me how boring Dave van boring really is. I have my credential. I can just go for free. You know, it's how he just pretended to hear what I said. It's slick that way. I could get on a phone with that bank so fast, faster than Grant took Richmond man. No, I don't want to put words in your mouth. I'm sure that you and guys got along really well. I don't want to end any of your no. You don't want to burn your bridges, baby. Especially the way things are going for us now, you know. They got poor Josh to be between power and us between a rock and a hard place. Rock solid. You have poor little George there who is in a state of delusion who can't understand why his Kishu is our choice that it can't be after eight years of working in QAM. And then of course me who just yesterday went from this to you for it. Oh, we all love you in 30 years. Yeah, I'll address that. And now now this. I just sent Norma can to another email. You know something I think Jay who just I got his facts. I think you inspired me Jay. I think Norma your days are numbered like in single digits. You and idiot. That's Norma can't who didn't even know that was my 30th anniversary in the market yesterday was busy emailing me stories that I already had on our website. That kind of stuff. You're just oblivious Norma. Of course Norma is probably on the way to the Marlins game today. That's right. He's not going to get no email. He's on the way to the Marlins game. Maybe I'll stop by by the city. Play in junior baseball. I may even out there. I forgot about that. So it's that'll postpone the inevitable for another day. Jay says this is the same Jay who I'm sure facts yesterday. I hate to say this, but you brought all this possess on more than supervision upon yourself. Right. The reason I say this because you continue to employ an agent who's about as powerless as F.P. and Eldering a light thunderstorm. If you had a real shark on your side management would fool like a launcher and you'd be happily coasting into your 31st year. I've never seen an entertainment company let alone any company. To eat their top earner like this. Coming from a huge fan, their inexhaustible vocal suppression is affecting your show significantly, which is correct, and that makes me throw up in my mouth a little bit. I don't know. Just wait till there is no more Neil Joe Bell QM will just be another 790 get a real agent ASIP so Jay. I think you're right. I think you know. Popped the janker look what I got. I need a wartime concerto. And I wasn't even looking for wartime. Like I said, pay me on time to leave me alone. Leave the show alone. But no. That's not good enough. We got to have clearance. Get that whip out. I'm sorry. You can't do the whipping shots. Oh. That's it. I fired off. Yeah. Go away. Go away. Get a second bite. There's no point in trying to discuss the finite aspects of those things, because obviously we're working for people and I would understand the difference. So that hadn't been said well what's the use? You know what I'm saying? That hadn't been said how have you make any decision. In other words, when and out, just don't play it. No matter what it is. So tell Boca to like do a lot of Mary Poppin's bits. Or I have a good idea. a good idea. I don't know Mary Poppins on like lightning's lucky stuff. Doesn't need to start. No, not not too cartoonist though because we don't want to piss off the industry. You want to like P.O.D. Earth Street. So we got 260 you said. Yeah, so apartments pretty weak. I'd like to see a lot more out of the I started to say the van is if they circle K on Oriole Boulevard and commercial west of power line road. That's right on the way to what the stadium up there. Marlins are going to be plenty of Orioles today. So very nice. I'm where two bands out at the same time yesterday. So I understand any yesterday was the anniversary day. The anniversary day news that it was a very positive day as opposed to the Yen and Yang baby as opposed to the baby in a very negative day. A highly negative to a day. Had no response to either one of my emails from Norman that of course is because she's on the way to the ball game to you know put on to maybe she's probably hiding out in the locker room there. Maybe wants to take a shower with some of the guys. I don't know. I haven't seen too many Marlins that I want to take any showers with the be honest with it. Maybe Matt Mantine he's long gone. Remember I couldn't remember his name last year. I was on making a making personal progress. My memories coming back on this sharp as a possible and yet on the other hand. I just want to read that one sentence over and over until the 1250. About being way over the top. See there's obviously one question. Why do we need to go way over the top? Why is it that all the other radio stations on the air in America with or without their license? Why is it that they are attempting to abide or at least we hope they are by the FCC guidelines as mysterious and as stringent as they are. And we have to go way over the top. And that's because we have to wait till and for their prior sins of frowl and stern and this one and that one. That's what I have no idea what that has to do with this show. Speaking of fox. Fair and slanted. Says the raw story fox executive executive. This funnel cash is in turn on the GOP. Fox news host and commentator Sean Hannity may have been recently single out. But he isn't the only news corporation employee. Pettling the re-election coffers. A rich Santorum. Farbison Republican. Pennsylvania. Raw story has learned. A simple search of federal elections. Commission. Reckered reveals that many news corp employees including chairman and chief executive officer. Rupert Murdoch had made direct personal donations to the senator's re-election campaign as well as other mostly Republican candidates. Records indicate that in November 2005 Murdoch personally donated. 2100 bucks to Santorum's campaign. This wasn't the first monetary gift Murdoch made a Santorum. The right wing media mogul sheld out a thousand bucks to help the like the senator in 2000. Santorum isn't the only Republican candidate that Murdoch is putting his money behind an addition to a $5,000 donation to the Republican National Committee. Murdoch has also given generously the long-horn political action committee which distributes funds exclusively to Republican candidates and seems to favor candidates in Texas. You'll long-horns. A review of declared donations in the case that a few exceptions such as churn ins donations to Burman for Congress in the Democratic Congressional campaign committee and great of ancestral donation for citizens campaign for senate. Higher up to the so-called fair and balanced cable news outlet overwhelmingly give to the GOP. Two post government relations executives have also given the San Torum. Michael Regan and Paul Jackson billed out $1,11500 to the senator's re-election campaign respectively. Regans also donated a thousand bucks each the Republican National Committee and long-horn past. A review of declared donations in the case that with fewer exceptions, Fox Harraps overwhelmingly gave Republican water shock what a surprise. Aren't you just blown away? Yeah, the surprise. Or you back at a language. David in Miami says, I know you're not a fan of the cruise industry. However myself and millions of others are. As many of us look at this port, it was a problem for incoming cargo. A friendly reminder should go out to the crew. That's the cruise ships are docked ports that will be guarded by Dubai. I have a cruise plan in a few months and the thought of sitting in that ship for many hours before they cast off the ropes is making me feel a little more uneasy, a little crazy about the old ships as David. I wish that carnival roll to be in the other cruise line companies would make a little noise about a lot of noise David. About the port deal since it might put a damfer on their bottom line as well. Good point, huh? Who wants to sit on a bunch of cruise ships when you got all those schmattinage running around? The ship is serving in falafel balls and it's shawarma and hummus and haggus. You want to travel on the world hummus line? Oh, no they give. Who will they kiss? No, no they give. They didn't send sound to advertising to me. Maybe they gave me one of those. How are we? What is that? How are we? How are we? He is demand. I told you that before. If he run the last time he'd be the president right now. We wouldn't be in Iraq. I guarantee that. That's for damn sure. You don't want to say it? We can. Who should democratic parties presidential candidate be in 2008? It's never too early to start thinking about replacing WGP. 960 few votes were going to make a thousand before we get out of here. Thanks. Thanks God. How are dean? 207. How are talking? Makes no difference. 178. Hillary Clinton won 60. Al Gore 83. Barack Obama. It probably makes no difference because they'll fix the vote again. That's right. I'll give the voting machines. Al Gore 83. Barack Obama. 75. We're going to be in the next. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He likes that. He's the real Rogers. He's five, 16, 16, 18. Part or a liver? No. Well, take the train. You won't carbo. You see our homework. You start to do. You won't walk for 20 feet. You rather take the train. You can't go. You can't go. You rather take your SUV. You can't drive. You can't pee without crude. You're in deep. You need it for your plastics. Withdraw symptoms. My music. Whoa, whoa, whoa, you lack to think. There's lots more on your soul. Oh yeah. That's what you think. I need some fruit though. Close your teeth and treat the disabled total as well. You know, you're gonna have to face it. You're addicted to all. My, as well, face it. You're addicted to all. My, as well, face it. You're addicted to all. Come on, Laura. My, as well, face it. You're addicted to all. You have this with that girl. My, as well, face it. They're addicted to all. I'll be right away. 1132, 28, until noon to QAM. Got any more updates. So now we're not gonna hear every break today. Like we did yesterday. No, we are. We're at 300 right now. So now that's that's for pathetic. We had 260 like half an hour going. Now we got to share a bunch of me to be sold two more things. We had 260 large break. Yeah. Two more. Two more. Two more things. Mercedes, Mercedes, Mercedes or two T-shirts. Or mixed in matter. Maybe somebody just dropped out 40 bucks. That's pretty weak on the heels of yesterday's you four two grand. I think it's a reflection of the whole tone of the show, you know. He doesn't like that tone of the show. Maybe that's what it is. Haha. That's what I forgot. Oh, yeah. That's right. That was, that was another example of my agent's fantastic personality and perseverance. Who still hasn't responded to either one of my emails this morning. That's okay, Norma. You have a good time at a ball game. Take me out to the ball game. Treat me like a real girl. You know, like that. Get out of my life, Norma. You idiot. You know, a set of this check all the big bucks. He's always at the beginning of the year. Push in, push in, wins that check on the money. I know a set of them to check thousands of dollars. And this is what I get to respond. Nothing. A big nothing. I'm like, Ali on man. I'm out there floating on the rubber wrap. I'll buy myself. I'll George Kimberlight to that. Right. Maybe the dolphins will probably rescue you. That could be. Maybe Brian Cox will come back. Study speaking of stupidity. Few Americans know the first amendment. This is a good. This is great. This is perfect. Americans apparently know more about the Simpsons than you bought the first amendment. Fleeming. Only one former Americans can name more than one of the five freedoms guaranteed by the first amendment. Freedom of speech, religion, press assembly and petition for redress agreements. I mean, freedom of speech you would think would be. Sure. Sure. Right. Of course that's passain, now, but never less. But more than half can, even at least two members of the cartoon family court was survey. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Homer, Marge, Maggie. Santa's. Little helper. Little helper is the dog. Oh. And that cute. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I don't know. Homer and Marge. And that's it. Partly. No. Oh, and part. Or even I know that. Josh finally kills. He's rolling up to the big league. He's boy. Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. And that's when the judge came at. Okay, relax. The study by the new McCormick, true beef freedom museum found that 22% of Americans could name all five. Now, that scares me. Okay. 22% of Americans could name all five Simpson family members. Compared with just one in a thousand who could name all five first amendment freedoms. Yeah. Oh, my. Oh, my. God. That school system sure does God. Oh, yeah. I can't complain about American education because there isn't money. Okay. That's why not that you people necessarily so stupid. He says that nobody talked to nothing. Some of you. Joe McGeewe direct directions at the museum saying he was surprised by the results. Part of the survey really shows that there are misconceptions in part of our mission is to clear up those misconceptions. Medira whose museum will be dedicated to helping visitors understand the first amendment when it opens in April. It means we have our job cut out for us. No. The survey found more people did name the three American Idol judges than identify three first amendment rights. Like freedom of speech religion and the press. I mean, forget about assembly and position for redrawing those other two. Maybe a little less so well known, but I mean freedom of speech religion and the press. More people could name the three American Idol judges. Oh, and speaking of that. I don't know if that's the show he's on. I know we'll fortune if you had to go. You'll never guess who was on who you can't stand and who looks about 100 years old. And who's a real idiot by the way Lorenzo Lama's. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He you talk about getting hit with the ugly stick. I don't know what happened in that child, but man. He looks like he's aged 75 years since he was wrestling with him. And snakes and that movie that narcissist. He's objectionable. Okay. Well, I would go along with that now. Now they look like that. I mean, I don't look good once upon a time. He looked red. I'll take any of that. Take it from an expert. But the look was an obnoxious objectionable. And now he's obnoxious and objectionable and old and ugly. So forget about it. Screw you. Lorenzo, come to the club. There are also more likely to remember popular advertising slogans. Then identify first amendment any of the rights. So I freedom of speech. See, I guess Bush is counting on that. I mean, we don't who cares about losing freedom of speech when we didn't know we had in the first place. That's right. It also showed that people misidentified first amendment rights about one in five thought the right to want a pet was protected. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. This is really a social depressed. I'm not making this up. This is a study. About one, five thought the right to want a pet was protected by the constitution. And 38% said that they'd leave the right again. And self-incrimination conveyed in the fifth amendment was a first amendment right. The telephone survey, but thousands more arms was conducted. January 20, 20 second by the research firm sign of eight and head of Marginary Era plus a minus three. Mosul minus trace. That call. How do you like that? One in five people thought the right to honor for a pet is protected by the constitution. Oh, my goodness. Wow. And you wonder why people are watching American Idol? Yeah, I still do. Five six seven. I'm giving the numbers that I absolutely will not take any calls, but I give the numbers out. Well, I mean, just see how thick my pile is. Okay, before I decide that. You're going to measure it. Get pile. Maybe it's not, then, I know. I don't think there's all that much mole. And I guess it's an hour to go to minus these squeeze in a few calls here. Or maybe just place some music like I said. I don't think you're going to like this. Soldiers of Veterans may face budget cuts in 2008. That's your original surprise. You're not supporting the military. You're not supporting all. And you know something now I do have time. All right, there is a guy. There is a guy. A ryle cut. That's Cindy Sheen column, a common cause. Okay. The spirit of Christ can tell me to read that. But anyway, first the bad news. There's so much of it. Veterans may face budget cuts in 2008. That's not so great. At least tens of thousands of veterans with non-critical medical issues could suffered delayed or even denied care in coming years to enable president Bush to meet his promise of cutting the deficit in half if the White House is serious about its proposed budget. After an increase for nice to you, the Bush budget would turn current trends on their hand. Even though the cost of providing medical care to veterans has been growing by Leafs and Vows, White House budget documents assume a cutback in 2008. And further cuts thereafter. In fact, the proposed cuts are so direct. It seems to sound that the White House is simply making them up to make its long-term deficit figures look better. More realistic numbers, however, would raise doubts as to whether Bush can keep its promise to rest assured that it is an under control by the time he leaves orifice. Yeah, let's screw over those veterans, man. Once you're over there like, hey, ryle ryle, syspoon, bomb, we support all you guys and gals. But once you come back, screw you. You know, it's kind of like that. And then, if you're going to be with me yesterday, oh, and when's day, March 1st? We love you, New. You're really great. And then March 2nd, screw you, man. Screw you. Don't mess with all our plans. Or to be easily, maybe run a freaking stock exchange. We got a junior program director there who's a rocket scientist. Can't even get his time ticket on the right day. But he's a genius. Can't keep his blackberry charged. That's what we can keep in touch. But he's a genius. You see, instead of messing with us, they ought to be messing with a guy that like he's taking off days and days at a time to go out and play a junior basketball guy, you know? But no, no, let's keep dump it on Neil and George and Josh. That's, we're like a thorn in their side, you know? Don't forget, Boca, they land, they're all course Boca, but chicken neck. They love their ratings, they love their revenue, but boy, they hate us like poisons. But all the protestations and you guys are great. And I'm a big, yeah, right, you mama. Twenty-till noon at QA, even I, I gotta tell you this after it's just showing you what a more on I am. Even I am shocked at the tremendous fast turnaround in less than 24 hours. From yesterday and all of that excitement and euphoria and crap to what today, bringing us quickly back to reality. I mean, I think we're on one planet and I think that the new management team there on Uranus. Paul and A.L.A says, the lady had happy anniversary and didn't get a chance to actually yesterday. I was relocated from LA to Tamorack in 2003. I've been listening on the internet and reading the fabulous bedtime stories. It's name of Haya out here. No, I see. No Jamaicans or blue hairs, name inspiration gets his answer to it in the editorial pages of the L.A. Times. That is that before after they fired Robert Scher. Congratulations again my wife and I, my two boys, and you a big sloppy kids. P.S. on the family of this match game on Game Show Network, my wife and I were wondering, what Brett Summers claimed to famous? Paul and family in LA. She was a, she was number one married to Jack Clutton and that was her biggest, the, I think, I've divorced. Easy to see why and why he talks like that. And number two, she was a very marginal actress, B movie actress. Okay. Thanks for that with one of the, well, most of the people on those panels shows, we're never big stars. You know, like Betty White and Rayne. Probably. Probably. Right. That's right. Although he was like in by by Bertie. Gary Bertie. By, meaning. But your daughter, Richard Dawson and that's a very good example. Sir, right, sir. That's slurring it up there. Right. Far, there. There you go. No wonder that, that combs guy, boys, brains out Raycums. I liked him. He was pretty good. Yeah. Well, when he was alive. He'd teetil known with lightning quiz speeds, the latest features in security. Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 for two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL 105. And up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Whether you're downloading music, watching, screaming video, playing online games or maybe surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, gravity radio plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you get macrophysic security tools included so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what are you waiting for? Start doing a lot more quicker than ever before. So enough for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months. You'll want to hire your commands without it. In date call 305 Comcast call them today or in Broward 9.54. A lot of Comcasts. This is the real Rogeris. This is 5.62. A lot of you are on check the check in the side of your side shot. Chingel, suficiente Instantly shot him in the open-air anda and this song's for grounded for a month. She needs this song. You are so round and you'll toss for us, not just like the singer, all swear were on song. The voice has to quid warm the brush. She's got her. Right away, right off the bed. She's got her. My name's honey, honey. Honey, honey, honey. I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous. First thing to learn is to hear some more bad news about restrictions on freedom of speech. The bombs about curchannel that above of love's fund was threatening to drop today and then put on hold. I've been told my bosses to shut the F-up at this point, said, buffering is for a grand-sounding annoyed and unleashing a tower against curchannel. What's shared above is a letter-curchannel sent to Syria satellite radio threatening an injunction to keep Bubba silent. They don't want no Bubba micees. Bubba was supposed to be free as of last night, February 28th at midnight, but that's been put on hold until the matter can be worked out. Clear channel is threatened to file an injunction. If we make any discouraging comments, it would be a violation of an existing agreement that they have said, Bubba's agent, Tom Bean. Or maybe I can get Tom Bean. Okay. Huh? What'd call Mr Bean? Yeah, see if we can get a hold of Mr Bean, because obviously Norbert can't has a respond to either one of my emails. And I'm just, I'm just about done. Five done, like Mickey Mouse said, I think that's that? Yeah. Just to busy plane the junior baseball hot shot. Stiff and jack straps. We want to make sure we have everybody's best interest at hardened relation to making sure we're not putting anyone in harm's way. We want to get clarification. We don't want to end up in a situation where we're indemnifying serious against anything and we end up potentially on the hook. Not dropping these clear channel bombs is not going to make her break my radio. Show-aided Bubba, Gonson Chan, we're nine times in great shows. I don't need to drop clear channel bombs I would like to. Just so I can disrupt somebody's life he says. The bombs that Bubba is promising to drop include what he says are. A hundred percent truthful statements that a room people's lives, including allegations of drug and prostitution use, I'm not a clear channel. You go, Bubba. Man, I can't wait to hear those Bubba micees. Can you? Can't wait. Strap this. Indician and Sam Boastam, right at Common Cause. I sure have time for this. Three years ago, President Bush ordered United States military forces to invade an occupied Iraq, since that invasion which was unconstitutional illegal by all international standards, and immoral by any dressed worth theologies. The world is watched as the Bush administration is directed to killing up tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers, civilians and insurgents at a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars. It has watched as over 2300 American troops have been killed a day and almost 18,000 more wounded remained for life. It has watched the Bush administration kidnapped in prison in torture hundreds of foreign nationals as well as American citizens would allow you to travel or conviction. It has watched as Bush administration like these have transported prisoners to secret prisons and then delivered them to tortureers and less developed countries. For three years, a surge George Bush did change any down-rums fell in county where I smooth from one line to another to justify each of these actions. Just recently, Americans learned that these work criminals also have been successfully spying domesticly in clear violation of federal law. On Monday, February 6, 2006, the Attorney General of the U.S. appeared before the U.S. Secretary committed to defend the terrorist surveillance program that person embossed or didn't do existence in 2001. Both in a prepared statement and his testimony before the committee, Al Burtovio-5 was defended the National Security Agency's war list domestic war tapping program as lawful, reasonable, and essential. Gonzalez claimed that domestic spying is an essential tool in the overall war and tear. He gave us the legal basis for this NSA program. He has a opinion that Article II of the Constitution gives the presidency authority and inherent power to do anything he thinks necessary to protect Americans. He also said that many federal government lawyers agree with him on the question of presidential power and besides he had to progress even authorize the present to respond with military force for the 9,000,000,000,000 tax with its authorization for use of military force of 9,000,000,000,000,000, and he characterized this domestic spying as a military action. He denied that the present was in any way constrained by the foreign intelligence surveillance act that Congress passed in 1978. Attorney General Gonzalez was not testifying other or both any refused to answer any specific questions about this spying program, or to give any examples of instances where the program provided protection for the American people. We're all this supposed to take his word for the content and effectiveness of Bush's domestic spying program. We're all to take the word of a member of this criminal administration that what they are doing is completely legal and for our own good. In an opinion editorial in the February 13, 2006 Lawsby Journal, University of Chicago listening with Service Professor of Law Richard A. F. Dean presented the reason why George Bush has clearly exceeded his constitutional powers and ignoring Pfizer. It is that nothing in Congress' authorization, the U.S. military force in 2001, the last person Bush would ignore the Pfizer and previously passed. Congress's policy in matters of war and peace in the present executed, it's just that simple. F. Dean adds that only Congress can declare war, only Congress can fund war, and only Congress can make rules for the government regulation of the land and naval forces. We would add one more important fact, Congress is not declared war. Bush declared it when he invaded Afghanistan and an Iraqi clear violation of the constitution which was to uphold. We'd also like to remind the Attorney General that the war on terror is a catchphrase containing the amorphous and invented opponent. Just look at the phrase, war on terror. What can be worse than terror? We must have a war against it. We're allowing our leaders to wage a war on a war at a concept, but real people are being destroyed by the expedient tail-wagon dog phrase. This is a time when people from all colors of the Fulricle spectrum must be unagynced as lawless administration. The recent escalation in fighting amongst Shiite and Sunni factions and their joint call for an end to the US occupation shows clearly that the continued presence of US forces in Iraqis are no interest to be American people. All Americans must demand that George Bush stop his war in Iraq and bring our troops home now. All of us must demand that he stop using the war he started to justify continuing lawless campaign against him every he decides to call an enemy. The discovery of this latest fine program makes it clear that he's been using his foreign wars to justify domestic law and he's been attacking us. It is clear that the Bush administration seeks nothing less than to use the war they started in order to destroy the world of law in this country and replace it with the world of an undistinguished former cheerleader. Actor role in terms of being governed are only two alternatives. Either we are to be ruled by law or to be ruled by someone else. To be ruled by law means that every one of us has a solid foundation in law for planning his or her personal future in achieving personal goals. That was the original purpose of the Constitution to give us that legal foundation. To be ruled by someone else is to be a slave. And there are people in this country are willing to accept the role of a media servant to a state that's out of control and dangerously corrupt. During the week of February 12 they former employed the Justice Department told attendees that the annual meeting of the conservative political action conference that the rule of law must be abandoned in order for George Bush to protect us from al-Qaeda. The response was not booze and cries for shame for shame or was a standing ovation. The booze are reserved for former congressman Bob Var when he responded that the first loyal to the war Americans is to our Constitution. And reporting on the CPAC going on, Paul Craig Roberts, after he labeled the Saudi insurances as a signal that American Conservatives must transforming into ground shirt as we agree. Even more to we agree with one another that the ideological differences that exist between Cindy and Sam must be set aside in the interest of a united front against us of scene war. If she had to do so, Cindy would describe herself as a progressive humanist who wants to be militarism American, the world will be replaced with kinder more gentler foreign and domestic policies. She passionately believes that the vast amounts of our tax dollars that are being dumped into the war and wasted by the war department every year need to be returned to our communities to build a culture of plenty in peace. If he had to do so, Sam would describe himself as a political and economic libertarian who wants a government that is limited solely to the protects of our human rights. This would eliminate almost all departments in agencies of the federal state and local governments as they exist now. Like Cindy who wants an end to militarism, the return of all US military forces to be cut in the US and the closure of all foreign bases. But Cindy and Sam are we in the struggle against fascist war-lux society that has become, especially under the Bush regime, and we want a lot of company. Whatever you're politically identification, please join us at Easter for a protest of tant Casey and Crawford Texas from the 10th to the 16th of April. There we will be joined by Katrina evacuees who are still unbelievably and unconsciously in the aftermath of the incident and will be invited to stay on our least land after the Secret Service checkpoint of the Bush fake ranch on the Perry Chapel Road until their homes are rebuilt in the Gulf States and they can return. The displaced Katrina victims care nothing about partisan politics or demanded pork barrel pedaling and crony is and may just want to go home. We will be joined by in Crawford by progressive immigrant congressional candidates from all over the country, or running for office against poor ward Democrats and Republicans. We will again be joined by old hippies, grandma's and grandpa's and young activists, and we will be joined by Iraqi war veterans as well as fresh-faced students who look like they just walked out the pages of a gap catalog on to the Texas Perry. We, the office of the article, have formed an unlikely friendship and partnership for peace. Our last collaborative piece, the human cause of war appeared in diverse online journals from Marx's site's delivery teriyan ones. We are in deep philosophical opposition on other questions, but on this one there is anti-war as we are. We, the people of America need to reach deep inside ourselves and pull off the essential goodness that connects all humanity together. And we can honor our differences while denetting an opposition to the exploitation and ruination of our American way of life by the Bush crime family and its cronys. However our biggest enemy is the citizens of this country's general complacency in the face of Bush companies blatant and bloody of frontst humanity. We, the people of America need to form a true coalition of peace if we reclaim our humanity and an unalable birth rights. Everyone is welcome, everyone is needed. But all Cindy, she and you go Cindy, don't take no wooden nickels and no crap from all these naysayers. Or I think girl. Yeah, a lot. Oh but she was shaking hands with your archaavat, yeah, we'll be do. Quite frankly, if had a choose between you or chavez and George Bush, not a lot of tough choice. At least you've got your world, because it's a good deal no doubt. 1156 at 560 WM we got Marlins on Dec. It's 1250 less than an hour away, more of that approach. Marlins on Dec. It's 1250 to Marlins in the Eurils from 4-Law Bay of 105 followed by the Mad Dog Show. Panther Preview at 630 Panthers and Muckfield Canadians are the Frogs folks at 7 o'clock in the K after the hockey game. When you're shopping for shoes, make a B-line, see I'm thinking a Hugo Chavez, shopper for shoes. Head for Brandies in Pomp and Obique because Brandies carries a humongous selection of all the top brand names like Rockport, floor, shum, F-A-A-What is it? Echo, S-A-S-New Balance in the Fista when lots more are at that F on my mind today. And Brandies' professional shoefitters will make sure you have a customized video camera, comfort shoe every time. Ask for Arnie, he'll make darn sure you get the perfect fit of the right price. And if you have like big wide fat feet, no problem because Brandies even specialize in wide wits as well. So no matter what your feet look or smell like, Brandies' worth the trip from just about anywhere in town. For comfort style, fit value when selection always make brandy shoes and you'll find Brandies at 1290. North Federal Highway in Pomp and Obique, Brandies open every day of the week. Monday through Saturday to line every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupidest time to buy great new Valens shoes which I absolutely love by the way. Those are the ones I fell down on but they're great shoes. You're valent. Yes, that's where it is. Anyway, I've great time to buy new Valens to speak. Brandies because all great men's and women styles are 10 to 20 bucks off. So be sure to come in a little bit this week or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website Brandies shoes. This is a real Roger. This is 560 shoes. And this portion of the real Roger's is 12. So when is brought to you by 1112? What do people buy six every week? 911 12. So like this is a pizza. Oh for me! It's a pups, pups, pups, pups, pups, pups, pups. You're the one who's dancing me. I'm glad that my life made a hit movie. No love and they should work best picture-trapped. I'm glad I made a longer neck. Component, broke back mouth and her game. Cowboys never did that back in my day. Good night and good luck with sub-total porn. Munich would love it. It made me snore. The breeze with her spoon played my tune harder cat. Better than fill in our chit-o and crack. Which I had a chance with recent attacks. Because once you go black, you don't go back. I'll be looking down from heaven at night. Watching the old warts on my satellite. If we still win well then the heavenly choir will help me bring. Covering a fire. Hello. I'm delicate. Five-dying. It's a 12-new and 56-W-M on your spine-less station for the new millennium. If I give you something, remember that down in Shalini that I've all been out of shape about that billboard campaign? R5-69-M with that balls? I still say, and I've said this before. We don't have a new billboard campaign. We've got no balls. We can't think that. I said about that. Right? Can she? She can't have said about anything. She's just, she always got to know that I'm a drum. She's not busy talking football players in L.S.D. in the school. I'm playing for three games. By the way, five, 60 is the amount that we have. Right? Five, 60 is the amount that we have. Right? Five, 60 is the amount that we have. Right? Five, 60 is the amount that we have. Five, 60 is the amount that we have. Why don't you give me a few more. So let's start line up with 560,000 for the campaign. That sounds good. Five, 60. That's a pretty damn week. If you guys may. If you guys get to a thousand by 1250 but it's not going to happen. I doubt it. Well, why do you doubt that? Well, of course it is just your show. Right. I've only lived in South Florida for like 30 years now. We haven't recently, so much. But nevertheless, I know it pretty well. I never heard a Oriole Boulevard. Well, obviously it's one of those trees. Streets that they renamed for the occasion, you know. What do you mean by that? Are they? We named it just for today. No, not just for today. But you know how it is when they got a road near the ballpark. We watch out for a plane of action. Like that's hands for road. The Panther Boulevard that they have up there. But you're not going to get that one. Yeah, I want to. You know my pants. Sorry. We loved the Panthers. They're really great. Huh? Anyway, the Venice of the Circle here on Oriole Boulevard and commercial. This was the Parline Road. It'll be there till 1250 until the pre-game show starts. And I get that line of here real fast. Got a email from Norma Kent by the way. He's busy doing this. But I beat the Dibu Club and that's great. I'm real happy for you Norma. Get a life. Get the good new client. Just go away. Make me want to vomit. Make me want to puke. That's that J that's in me that fact. Before thanks, J, you're right, man. I got what was the guy's name Mr. Bean? J had a vote. I can see that. Put a call in the Mr. Bean. Tell him I want to be my agent now. To fight the battles against these lunatics against these phony Belomies, these paper tigers. Oh, well, maybe we're over the top. We're really like a P in on your parade. And I like you do anything. They all. But that's just the way they want it right now. Yeah, right now. Oh, and by the way, do you want to renew for a couple more years? No. No thanks. A couple more shows. I'm going to whistle a tune to something because I got to like, do something. If that whistle didn't. Got my band who whistle right here. You can see what I'm playing it with. Since you hear me talking the same thing. Put that thing away. I'm just going to just response back to my first-while agent, such as she is to that lady. Okay, that takes her back. Didn't take one to the center of that. I don't like to. Wait a minute. What the hell just happened there? What are you talking about? I don't like to have like bands going on. Are you like a fuss budget about that when you send emails? It depends on who sending it to. But I usually spell track most of the time. I don't mean spell track, but I just, you know, I try to have like idiotic stuff in there. You know, like just a jumble eye of a, right sometimes. Right. Well, of course when you're doing a real big hurry, like I was right. All there really shouldn't be any hurry because for some strange reason, I wonder who's doing the log now. We've only got two breaks this hour. We sure couldn't have three. That's okay. That could've been more time for my bedtime stories. And a couple of calls, but I doubt it. Four minutes past noon at 5.60. WQM. What I've turned around for me yesterday yesterday, man. Like I said, was just, oh, and the most important thing you see, I'm getting the sign. This is what really pisses me off is because I get sidetracked. Because these people have no concept of the frame of mind. You really ought to begin to do a show every day from 10 to two or whenever you're on. Never, it's always been that way. Oh, I know. Yeah, they just don't get it. Okay, and you wanted to wipe because they never did a show. So they don't realize what it entails. But the good news is Eric, you continue to be the man. Eric, if I had a billion dollars extra, I'd send you five bucks. On our website today, what were the hell of the go-to? Oh, there it is. Right under the pool. Where we got a thousand needed two votes by the way. That's pretty damn good. Uh-huh. Oh. 9, 11 loose change. And the second edition with extra footage, I want to thank for a few. So the guy that called him was at yesterday that he'd be for. I think was two days ago. Maybe was yesterday about the loose change. About that website. Hmm. 9, 11 loose change. It's a documented way. Now there's a second part. I saw the whole first part yesterday. And now the second part is on there, which I'll watch later on. After I come back from losing my loose change. Right. Uh, and they're both parts on there. Yeah. And they're riveting. Oh, I'm serious. Now granted, you're going to say, well, it's that Alex Jones again. That prison plan at website, conspiratorial theories. I tell you, you will watch it. We've even a slightly open mind. It's all about 9, 11. It's got the fantastic footage in there. And it raises a lot of incredible questions, including ones we've had before. Like in a Pentagon video. What's that one called? Pentagon strike. Right. And we, you know, we put these things out of our website. And it hopes that somebody will look at them. Other than just opposed to, you know, looking for the effort on there a couple of times at the pool or whatever. Uh, but it's really worth watching. And you'll sit there. And of course, it's got the audio. And you'll watch and listen, then your job will hang down your knee. You'll say, oh, I'm pretty peot about this. And I don't know how much of it I believe, but it's sure a lot of it makes sense. And the more you watch it, the more the more questions it raises in your mind. And especially with all the things that are going on out and having read that P-NAC fee, projects where New American sent a century having read their goals. And the ones they wrote long before 2001 back in the late 90s. And the fact that they wanted to go in there and invade Iraq and re-align the whole Middle East and set it up, you know, under their thumb. And the only way they were going to be allowed to do that though was if we had some major catastrophe, like a Pearl Harbor happen, because otherwise the American people wouldn't say still for it. Wasn't it convenient for the Neocons and their puppets, Bush and Shini? Why is that convenient for them that I'm loving you? Right, I'm always peot-eyed. I just mentioned that in passing. Doug Thompson writes in the rent, this is from me as to it. I never got to it because we had all those great calls and fasses coming in. And yesterday was the euphoric day. Today is a suicide inducing day. As Joe Bell once again talks a really good game. Hey there, old buddy. Yeah. Soldiers in Iraq know they're fighting a dying for a lie by Doug Thompson. Nearly three quarters of the American troops are going to Iraq. Think the US should withdraw from the next, within the next year. And 29% feel we should get to hell out of the war immediately. A polimone tear personnel serving the country of Reels. We had a little bit of that be of the day. I think yesterday. The war was a very good time for the American troops. This guy is with the males I've been getting from soldiers over the past several months. And confirms that those serving on the ground in the war don't share the same rosy optimism. Payed by the bush people about the invasion occupation of Iraq. Man, this gig has two barwritten all over. It says the Marine has served in Iraq for seven months. Morales in the pits and nobody in our unit thinks we should be here. The pol-conducted by Bobby International offers a rare look into the mindset of fighting men and women serving in a war zone. That mindset is to say at least be effective of growing American unrest over war based on false information and out of the war. All misinformation and outright lies. Among the findings by Zahr, the only 23% agree with the presence position that we should stay in Iraq as long as needed. 85% of those surveyed felt they were fighting the war to retaliate for Assad on parole in the 9th or 11 attacks. Although the 9th or 11 commissioned found in 2004 that there was no credible evidence that Iraq and any wake will operate without cut in the attacks. 68% said they believed that the real reason for the war was simply to be with Assad on who's seen from power. 40% said the Iraqi insurgency is mostly homegrown with very little foreign involvement, a direct contradiction claims by the Bushies. 55% suddenly opposed using torture and other harsh interrogation methods on prisoners. 93% said that removing weapons and mass destruction is not a reason for U.S. troops being there said John Zahr, President of Zahr being a national, instead that initial rationale went by the wayside, and the minds of 68% of the troops, the real mission became to remove Saddam Hussein. In another direct contradiction of state of White House policy, just 24% said that, establishing a democracy that can be a model for the air borrows the main or major reason for the war. So, I'd be interviewed the 944 soldiers at various locations throughout Iraq. 3 quarters of the troops that served multiple tours in that longer exposure to the conflict. 26% were on their first tour of duty, 45% on their second tour, and 29% were in Iraq for a third time or more. The Pentagon did not cooperate with Zahr being the survey and is trying to downplay the significance of the soldiers' responses, but offered conflicting answers. In more release statement, the military branch said, the troop comments were not valid because troops in a combat zone are elected with stress negative use of their situation. Then Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Barry Venable tried a different spin. I wonder if he's kind of Floyd Venable Jr. The polls finally certainly are reflective of the attitudes we see displayed by the majority of troops who are performing a remarkable manner in a combat situation far from home Venable said, I asked Venable's office for any polls and military conducted on two bad at hoots in morale, and they admitted they hadn't done any surveys, but added that they based their conclusions on reports from commanders in the field. E-mail's receive almost daily from soldiers in the field confirms obvious findings, and say Pentagon claims a success in high morale as one actual government said, pure unmitigated volishment. Their emails and Ozagbe's findings showed these men and women who put their lives online they in and they outdo so for a war they fully know was based on false pretenses that they're fighting and dying for a cause that doesn't exist. The plan is simple not complicated. Saying and simple like most American people who think that the constitution allows them to have a pet. Even I even an old sin and cluck yours truly is hard press to believe that, but it's right there. It's in black and white and purple baby. That nice sweet first amendment lets you have a pet. Yeah and pet it heavily. Yeah, nor you can't do that. Don't even say that. You crazy? Sorry. Look at Joyce. Will you Joyce in parents? Let's say lightly. And Joe would you Joe, man. Seriously, I read that email I got from him this morning. I wanted to sit here and put my hand in my hands and just cry. Have you ever reached that point where you just finally said, are you okay? I surrender. I give up. You talking to me? Yes. Like every day. Yeah. I surrender. You try your best to do what they're paying you for. And it's like, or, uh, oh, she, how can you do it like that? And then I'll guess what, what you can't do this either anymore. And we're going to have like some little punk who hasn't got a clue. We wouldn't know our radio from his ass. He's got a decide what you can say and what you can play on the air. Well, I got news for it. Then you know something. You remember at the time way back when this whole thing with the Janet Jackson and the movie Gates started and we got all these additional restrictions. And so about maybe 40% of the stuff we used to play we can't play anymore. Maybe more like, but 30 minutes. 30 40%. And I suggested that duck and clearance at that time, duck had some, you know, he was the PD or whatever. What? That they go through the whole computer, the DCS and have to listen to everyone. If they're going to decide because I want it on my ass, see, I don't like you said before. Have you seen anything in writing is the right corporate policy that spells out this new and improved and enlarged censorship plan that we got here for beastly broadcasting? I haven't seen it. I got one memo that I haven't had it. Same one. I got some, you know, the fact that you got some chicken scratches on it. I'm going to move that to when the disc comes with the way back where I'm. I know you got the number at the same time because we both, no, no, no, that's old news. No, this is not the analysis of the button beyond. Right. That email said this morning, we're way over the top. We've got way above and beyond. So I think we're entitled to know that as opposed to like, you know, playing in the dark with all the lights up. Now some people like playing around the dark with lights up. That all depends on who you're playing with. But that's another story. So I think it's incumbent upon them. Otherwise, we may just have to go ahead and time use it until we get this all straight now. There you go. I like that. And once upon a time in America, I'm at Opium Great. And it is instrumental. So we'll be safe. That's right. There's no journey lyrics in there. I never thought about that. Yeah. We can play like type line by the shanties. Right. And play Billy Vaughn's sail along. So we'll re-move and play that like an endless loop. We play Rochie and that bill just isn't Rochie. I think the title recluse the possibility that's right. Parts one or two. You want to title has to be on. You see that. He's playing Rochie crap out of radio. You see that. Joy. Who should let me say it again. Clarence the next time you start your car. I take a deep breath. Who should the Democratic Party's presidential candidate be in 2008? 113 votes man. That's pretty impressive. He asked me. Oh, there's Bush in church, off, man. Or blindly in the blind. And there's a brownie brownie. Or there's a little file footage. How are Dean 236? You go, how are they? There's a guy that doesn't pull any punches. Who tells it just like it is. He's not perfect. He's got his, uh, foibles. You know, that's what his wife said. His me is wife. And she's one of them. She's one of the problems. Who wants to docky is the first lady. It makes no difference. Two 13 Hillary Clinton 176. Al Gore 95. Barack Obama 85. I'd say him for VP. What do you say? Okay. Howard Dean with Barack Obama. There's a ticket that would kick away. Oh, yes, smelly ass. I mean, kick some serious smelly. That's right. Wesley Clark. 69 who eats a hell of a Rubin sandwich. Maybe go to lunch with the Ellis Rubin after Ellis's latest problem. Rubin Rubin, I've been thick in your defense is really thick in Joe Biden 58. John it was 49. I don't care 47. I hate this pool 38. Mark Warner, the former Governor of Virginia 21. And John Kerry. Ha ha ha ha. That's bad, you know. John Kerry. Is the bring it up to rear. In last place with only 19 votes out of 1110 votes. So that goes to show you what lowest team he's held. I guess he's not so swift. Vote. Huh? That's not me. Only 14. And of course I really feel that he would like to And of course his wife talk about liability. She would. She's a really important herself, Virginia, during the same as well. Always just out of line. I wonder how many remember in movie. What else are moving now? I don't know. A hum of a few bars. No, with the security weaver. Oh, legendary. Imagine your heroes. Remember the fact that every 10 to open up the medicine chest. It would like all these every kind of people that you could imagine. And that's certainly. That would be what. Poor Kerry's wife did. There's a lot of money. Sorry. Yeah, I think she was doing 57 varieties. If he asked me, she was doing it the handsway. Well, she could afford it. 12.15 a QM. We got Marlon's baseball kind of mighty soon. Not soon enough. This. Easy. Neil Roger. Oh, my God. This. A. Introducing the QM and box office presented by Burger King. This is a tasty burger. Every Tuesday the QM box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events. Thank God. The QAM box office on sport radio 560. And also baby QAM. 3677. Go 5-B. GO! Oh, my God. You. Good for me. And you do. Say I'm right. And then you always second guess me. You. You. You. You. You. You. You call my name. And before I even get my bestowed. And when I know always I'm the main. You seem to get a bad day. So I know the first me. And so I am I. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And never thought they were a meal so we could be your business. And they'd be a gift for their daughter. When they're strongholding. I'm in the house of the two of me. I'm the double. And I'm with you. I'm from the life. So I am I. Covered with rice. And I'm with you. And the dress we see. And why I love when you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. When I see you. I call my name. And so I am. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. So I am I. Love when you. And I'm with you. And you, the dress we see. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. And I'm with you. You know, that was an old record. I did like it. You're welcome. I'm 25 and it was a build called or found that like an a garage for something. 45. What's that? Yeah, 45 RPM. What I'm old. I'm a little bit hurt. And anyway. And I have no idea who the group was or where. I had a person once. But I was really Nelson. But I know it's not. Oh, I didn't know where we know. He is. He is a different mood ring. The guards orders you. I still like humans return. Oh, my God. Their feet were dry. Baby. Were they wet or were they dry? How about their. Sorry, Joyce. Sorry, Clarence. Can I just say one thing. I will say it anyway with the right hand or not. You see, this and the idea. Because we've always had somebody listening to the screen. The book of Brian. But in the past, it was always somebody that had at least we figured. And I've judged. And then we could discuss or argue back and forth and listen to it together. Well, you know, you're right or whoever was right. You know what I'm saying? It was at least a little room for discussion. Now, we have a overgrown child who's and that's the part where I have the problem. Not the fact it's their license. So, so many of the head ones which they don't. But it's their license. So obviously, they have a right to decide the content. What can be on the ear. What can't it be? We just spell it out which they won't because they don't know. But I understand that. They have no going to pick with them on that. But the fact of the matter is when you pick someone who is obviously way over the top and way under qualified to be making those judgments, that's why I have a real serious problem. So, but he don't care. So, you know, I'm screwed and then not happy anniversary, but up yours. You know, really nice. Oh, what's happening in Beverly Hills? Can I tell me what is this? A suspicious package. Yeah, good morning, co. Even for another cell one like that. So you have that. Back at Joel, we have the boy. Why does on seeing me? And we hope to determine in the next 15 or 20 minutes or so to verify that it is not anything to worry about. But once again, just to be. Just like Michael Morris said, man, keep him on edge. Keep him all panicky. Keep him all the state of, you know, that's the way to do it. Seems like we're working very well, right? Oh, yeah. I was like, you know, because a box of clean eggs or something that somebody didn't toss in the dumpster. Oh, there's a suspicious looking package over here. A federal judge ruled that the US government acted unremely when it said home 15. Cubans who thought that they had safely made it to the US when their boat reached an abandoned bridge in the Florida Keys. US district judge, Federico Moreno, ordered federal officials this week to use their best efforts to help the immigrants return to the US. And of course, when they go to Cuba and say, okay, well, you 15, please raise your hand and there'll be like 45 million hands go on. Yeah, everybody said, alienito and his daddy. What was his name? Hard legal. Why Miguel? How can I forget? I'm telling you on me. Of the 15 migrants Elizabeth Hernandez, 23 spoke with you so he had a press by telephone to the evening from our family's home in Matanza Cuba, where she was celebrating the decision. I'm so happy she said, I always had hope that I would be able to return. Well, how they're going to prove that these are the 15? I think they got pictures, the coast guard documents, the dynamo. I'm making stuff. Yeah. Well, the judge sympathized with difficulty the US Coast Guard faces and making a split second decisions at sea. So that's right. Those Cuban refuelines, who reached American soil in early January 2006 were removed to Cuba illegally. But the judge made clear that his ruling was limited in scope. I sure hope they used in scope before they let him come on. You know, I don't know. I don't know. And the body was. Some of that nice new list of reen even Josh uses that. That tangible income. Yeah, I got it. I got it. I'm holding for him. By the way, don't forget to check out loose change parts one and two on our website. Maybe even more important than that is there's a new body wash zest. It's spring. What does it call spring shower spring something? It's green, but it's not like flowers. No, not like spring flowers. You want smell like lilylox. It's a real manly smell, you know. Are you serious? Smells like other herbs. Smells like jack straps. I'll ask Norma. He's an old jacksman for from way back. Sir, you know, Norma, you are as useless as breasts on my toe. In this holding, the cord is now broken. Well, we was on last night speaking of breasts. The hand that rocks the cradle. I still say that she looks just like Hillary only. Better looking obviously, but then again, so is my ass. Rebecca, tomorrow. Rebecca, tomorrow. Yeah. You always argue with me about that. Well, not good at today. Why? I don't know. Not good at the food. No, not good at the fuck out of the resumption or sister. Yeah. Well, I think that she has a little bit of that hilarious kind of that man. He's looked at that. But she looked at the sour. Especially in the scene where she's like fighting up there in the attic with no lox. It's his name, the dark. And I still, you know, with all the respect, two people are Hollywood. These, one of these stereotypes going to stop the mincing, screaming, flaming, Queens, right? And always, that we tard-o blacks like, right? In the, in the greats, Rantini, there was a tumor. To, to tumor, remember. He used to slept with a donkey in the cart with a honey. And it was to tumor. And then there's this retard-o black eye in the hand of rocks to cradle. But we'll get the, we'll sniff in the net. Browd, whoolyos with the thick accent. Yeah. All the ugly stereotypes all the time. That's Hollywood for you. Okay. That's America. Anyway, getting back to these Cubans. And this holding the court is not rolling on the wisdom or lack of wisdom of the Wentford Drivewood policy, Marina wrote. Under the government's controversial policy Cubans of the US, George and we're now to stay while those stopped at sea are sent back. In this case, all sides agree that the group was not stopped at sea. But the federal government said the old bridge didn't count as dry land because chunks of the bridge are missing and no longer connects to US. So, well, you talk about nitpick in it and those picking. If I was in Cubans, man, I'd be ported. They're like, we're very gratified by the just decisions in the, uh, grandstanding Kendall coffee in the turning for the migrants in their families. Good old Kendall coffee. So, there you go. So, that's hope that we're just right. Fifteen back where if not, that's hope that they're all, you know, their first child is in Moscow and Charlie, they'll look really good. For what's seven bills right now? Well, that's not too bad. We're not getting a thousand, but we got like a chance of being on the border ring. You know, maybe $800, right? Right. Considering it's a short show and considering the general tone of the show today, it's not just not uplifting, you know, and plus the location. And what they say, location, location, location, which kind of reminds me of, safety, safety, safety, the same kind of thing. Right. Same deal. So, anyway, the fan is at and case you're around away the ball game. You might want to come up with a one-boss of... ...Bot-turn man. ...Teyes or the about 30 attesured that's got the same logo on it. You can wear it in people like you dictate your shoe dacha. The fan is at the circle-key on Oreo Boulevard and commercial. Just west of powerline road on a way that the ball park there for the Oreo, Marvelous Exhibition Escape. And it'll be there until 1250 this afternoon. And the good news isn't that there's no more is not going to the ball game, but there's got other issues to deal with. Maybe like clients and important stuff, but not that I care. Because there's nothing to do with me as usual. But then again, why would you want to do that? I got some good music picked up for the lead up to the ball game. We haven't done this in a long time. Boys are back in time? No, not the boys are back in time. Let's go, let's go. Let's go, Lerick Stewart. Oh, that's right. You got the phone filled with names. Play it, say it. Yeah. Instrumable home. There it is. No, no, no, no, no. I like that. Yeah, I like that. You got a good idea. No wrong sheet by Bill Justice, but any of you in some middle I think will do. Good idea or not, excellent idea. Don't forget to stick around after the ball game, or check back what is later like Tom Belvedre would say at S.U.N. Because Mad Dog will be on after the ball game. I don't know how many people listen to those exhibitionist games. God, turn it man. And then we got the pantheres tonight. We'll find out tonight. I think because the Canadians are red hot too, and they're like fighting tooth and nail for that playoff spot. The last one. So we'll find out if the pantheres ate two in the temple was in Averation the other night. Or if they're like back with the vengeance. The pantheres are back. Who knows? We'll find out. Panthers and Canadians seven and a night after pantheres. People in any case after the hockey game. That's our lineup. And we don't have to worry about that two to four slot today. Because we got a ball game. I got an idea. Let's just, let's just replay Marlon's games between two and four every day. Okay. And take some more of the time. Until we decide what we're going to do. You know. I have a feeling. I could be wrong. I have a thing. I've always had that sense. You know. There's something going on that doesn't quite meet the eye here. You know, this whole deal now, by by Greg and hello, Joe. And it's something going on under the surface of all of this. Like what? I don't know what you're doing. You're the one that's supposed to put your nose to the grindstone. Yeah. Just like the water not see. Remember she was always under in search and to go around walk up and down a Hall and put her ear to the wall and and I'm just making that up. That's that's a kind of environment we've been working for eight years now. That our spies in the hallway and if you say something, you know, like that isn't that happened on Monday. Which by the way, it was no response to that. May you be able to this morning. I mentioned that to about that bogus phone call. I got Monday. And see, carrots is going to knuckle me under. Okay. He's got a knuckle the old man under. He's going to give control on me. And he's going to let you me on how to behave and how to act other people in life. And what this word mean. Well, carrots see you next time. Okay. See you next time. You make your plane reservation a day late. Idiot. And by the way, my blackberry is always fully charged. And like I told you before to show you how you do that. Very good. Well, generally when you travel, you carry your cord with the anyway. Sure. Sure. You have a long cord. Sure. That too. But before you go to bed every night, you just plug that baby in. That's all you plug it in the charge. You turn it off. You let it sit there in charge fully. And then morning, it's all set to go for a couple of days at least. Is that difficult? Is that rocket science? No, I got the same kind of deal going. There you go. Maybe you ought to give him some instruction. 1232 at 560 WQAM. Beach Ford is gone nuts. It's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford. They've gone absolutely mad. It just must have been a record month last month. So they plan to break that record this month. Right now, instead of camp 4150s, our as low as 249 bucks a month. You pay only 995 bucks down. Plus fees with the Procred and 39 mothlies. Madness in March at Beach Ford means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates. And discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles. If you're not in the market for new carbon, nobody who is sent them to Beach Ford. If they take delivery in March, Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks. That money comes from Beach Ford's advertising budget. So all the effects your friends price either. Whatever you do, don't miss out on this once a year event. Beach Ford's madness in March. It's going on right now as I speak. Extended camp 4150s is low as 249 bucks a month. This counts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 dollars for referring a friend. So hurry and Beach Ford is okay to just 2 miles east of the Golden Glaze on 163rd Street and West to see how I may be sure and tell Paul that Neil sent you by your lap as I saw. You'll love your Beach Ford experience in Squadron T. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A. It's very attractive by Andy. Nice to have you moving out of five six. So double you, you and that. If anybody has a plane gun, descending from our way, you'll pay your name and two dusts. Now I've been to the meat of the state. Don't even come out to quit, God. Just follow what's off me. Everybody's hunting, passes you yesterday. It's the act of victory in the arms. It was the guard of you. Everyone got the same gun. So back to what you were. This guy's in court, James. And I'm going to fight this. The boys fatherland, they're John. Pass us your way, say. Get out of here, those moon. And Clinton's liberals too. Believe everything we can. That's the state of one new. Blood water, four gold plants. Fill up your head's gun, then. A roe in Jamie bush, then. That's the suicide. Please don't mind you, see our job, so. Not bad at how many blue. We're got the name and five, James. Don't be no stupid who. All the water is filthy. The fact that marriage is way. And everybody's turning five, James. But just go and say. Oh, twenty nine, twenty one go through. Almost done today. Hallelujah. Can you use this, you know? Yeah. In eleven sixty four, we got like almost twelve hundred votes today. Not too bad on a short show. How are we doing at the event? I'm still waiting for an updated report. But we have seven on. We had seven on. We have one. We have one. Wait the phone room. There we go. There's your update. Seven hundred on the last one. I've been since over seven sixty now. WDJR. Wait and wait and where's that ESPN radio. Jim Sarny would know. Thanks again to the Sun Sentinel by the way for absolutely nothing for just being totally ignored. Even a shot like I said yesterday would have been better than improvement. We improved to a whopping seven twenty. Oh man, we're really kicking some ass out there. We're all out there if the wherever that is, we'll road. Slow seven hundred and twenty bucks. Okay, tell me y'all next time to pick a worst location. Okay. I can't think of one, but tell them to come up with a worst location in that. You know, a road that nobody ever heard of before. But there we go again. Wait. I know. I thought after yesterday, I thought that goes to show what a moron I am. Yeah. Do you see what it really is all about? Let me explain it to you. Let me make it out to you before we ask facts from Charles. It makes some good points. You see, what it is, is no matter who they name this, the general manager, following Greg Wees, the departure. It's kind of a paper tiger thing. So you know, nice guy, Rob Ross, his boom-ba. But paper tiger, because they've decided that they're the experts. See, they're the ones who almost lost the license. And so as we solved, they're the ones capable of making all these brilliant programming decisions. So they're going to like call all the shots. So everybody else may have a title now, but it's the dieselies who are really running this thing into the ground. I mean, running it so brilliantly. Just just keep that in mind. And I hope you tell you where that. They're calling all the shots. Here is the facts from Charles in their field beach. A few quick things first of all, happy related 30. It's well, thank you so much, Charles. Although today is kind of a model and morbid day. When you realize that we have, you know how much support we have from management now. See before it was like, you really didn't know because management was like, absolutely most of the time. And so they leave us alone. Right now, we do know the answer and the answer is zero. We have no support. We got like, friendly face. Hey, you guys are great. Let's poke a bride. They're like that, you know. But other than that, we got nothing. Secondly, says Charles, according to a woman named Linda Landys, who's website, ecotalk.org. Points out. Two Republican owned companies, ESNS and everybody's friend Diable, controlled electronic counting of 80% of all the loss in America. I believe I've heard stories about that, but that's fine, Charles. A good reminder. Ms. Landys did file a lawsuit way back in 2004 to put a stop to this. But I'll be enough. The case is still dragging to the court. And we'll undoubtedly not be resolved and selected to be November election. So let's face it. Everything that Democrats do until somebody puts a stop to this practice will much nothing more than a vigorous exercise in mental master. It's a f*** sh**. You have an arc of state of word because that's a bad. Got it? Mental audit. F*** patient. Which take it for me, isn't it? As much fun as it sounds as Charles. And last but not least, we've all seen the side time where we were a foreign country manages to replace the president of the United States with a surgically altered imposter who sold missionists to systematically destroy America. Well, I'm starting to believe that this has actually happened, and if you think about it, it does explain an awful lot. Maybe he's one of the step-for-guys. The per-guys? Yeah, big of a lily. Yeah, right. The step-for-guys. I mean, every time he makes a speech, you see, you know, he's filled with the step-for-guys. They all have that same blank look. In fact, anytime you see a bunch of fundamentalist Christians, they all have that same step-for-lookin' area. The hell the hollow eyes, you know? That would be the politics in the eyes. I'll even could have stopped it for the middle of us. This is a bizarre story. I'm so glad we had time for this, and not that it's all an important, but it's just unusual. Dirty politics this ain't Senator Staves his opponent's life. Did you see this? Nope. Anapolis, Maryland. State Senator John Giannetty was waiting for his takeout order, but he's had him food at a Maryland restaurant on Monday, when he saw man choking. He rushed over, performed the Heinleck maneuver, and disloyalizes the chuck of seafood, saying the life of his political rival. See food, I wonder if it was a scene. Could have been. Could have been one in jumbo. See him. The choking man, Jim Rosé, PP. I don't think we're saying that spell. ROSA, PP. Okay, his name is ROSA Rosa, PP. Pepti or PP. Your choice. Jim Rosé, whatever, is challenging Jim at the Democratic primary for the Superb and Washington District. You know that I have my jacket on, I'm already at my blackberry and my pocket and my cash, and all all said to go. Good. I'll be out of here so fast, at 12.50, like a shot out of a cannon. It's one of those really weird cosmic things, you know, the totally monopolist capital. They said Rosa, PP was hunched over and moving toward him in distress, so he decided to try to perform the Heinleck. Rosa, PP, thank his opponent for saving him. Obviously, it's an incredible coincidence, and a happy coincidence, said Rosa, PP, and member of the University of Maryland Systems Board of Regents. The race is still on, but Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller said he hoped Monday nights since it would soften the competition between the candidates. Maybe this means we'll see a more uplifting campaign as a result of the Washington Post. I mean, you would think it'd be very hard to press to say anything bad about a man who just saved your life. Why do we're gagging and choking on it? That's good. Part of a huge story, huh? Yes, I did. Oh, who's going to save my life? Christ. Fend over. No, I heard you just did that. Yes, I did. Actually, he tells you to lay on your side. Oh, really? Well, that's not fun. And kind of like a little middle to put it in there. Put your knees down. He tells you to lay on your side and curl up in a ball. He's a real nervous. Yep. Broward County, come in. Now, this is a story from a couple days ago, but yes, that we had that big euphoric anniversary bash. And by the way, heard it was a great show. And especially thanks to those regions. I heard it was fabulous. Broward County Commissioner is yesterday approved the creation of a cell phone lot at the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. So, it rattles can away telephone calls from writing pastures, which may not seem all that significant. But there are a lot of people who are pretty peo to about getting tickets, you know? Uh-huh. I asked you to approve this in the name of 16,542 Broward County residents who got citations last year while waiting on the access ramp to pick up their loved ones. So, if you're familiar, I lean the leave of men. The regions, other main airports, my international and Palm Beach International, already offer cell phone parking lots. The cell law to Fort Lauderdale Airport will be located beneath the existing airport in Prince Ramsoff, for owner to road within a hundred yards of the terminal entrance according to County documents. The lot will handle about 30 cars, about 50. The decision in Broward before the commission was whether approved 283 grand for a new cell phone lot or whether to increase the existing 15-minute grace period that the existing parking facilities. Most of the issue said 15 minutes does provide enough realistic time to meet arriving pastures, including that extending the grace period role they cost more than establishing the cell phone lot. So, we got our lot. We got a pillar assault, we got lot in Broward County, because after all it is a evil place. And I will say this the airport last time when I came back from here was not overly cringey. It's just don't go on holidays, okay, it might be in the shrine. It was just not the time to travel, you know? Like on the years day, Christmas day, Easter or Pooram. Well, when's Pooram coming by the way? Right around the eyes, right? Joshua, to tell. I don't want to. I don't want to. If the pay, do we have not to pay? Get your home and time. And whatever you do, don't need to eat the nice big puppy ones, the soft ones with the puppy set. Don't eat those hard little triangular ones. Those are stats like an Arab plot. It's the 14th. You will plot if you eat those little triangular ones. They're forgotten. 1175 votes. Who should be the Democratic Party presidential candidate in 2000? How are dean, 248? Makes no difference. 211. Hillary Clinton. 185. Al Gore. 106. How's that doing to bad? I mean, you know, he still isn't as a total pull, but I don't have too much a problem with him. Barack Obama, 88, Wesley Park, 70, Joe Biden, A63. John and Wissley 55. Forget about him. I don't care. 49. I hate this full 38. Mark Warner, 24. And poor John Kerry, it is scary man. Last place. Uh-huh. So lament to evane people. Holy tongue. Marlon, this is a baseball cone up next. I don't forget mad dog right after being a winner. $800 out there. I'm proud. I'm proud. I don't want to think that. I think we got our line. I think we got our line. I think we got our feet. Excellent stunt. Pay back those knees please. I'll be a fan of these things again. Take that lobotomy for Joe's. I think it'll be a long look. What the microphone is off of. Okay. Don't worry about that. Let's take it along. What the mic are pulling off. Okay. Don't worry about that. I'll pay you over here. You're right. I'm dying of the air. You're right. I'm feeling a little bit. You're doing the move. Keep waiting for them to have. Keep home. Keep it. Keep it. That gives me my idea when I got something. Yes. Okay. What? What? What? What? You're supposed to be the voice. Here's the voice. Okay. Thank you. I'm a great leader. I can't wait to hear James I'm going, man. Anybody who's looking for my chance and I was a time is not time. If you're the actual new year. You're here. You're here. Rock solid.