I'm going to be here. I said it on the air and I'll say it again. The sales department runs WQAM and followed by the engineering department and programming way down on the bottom. We're the bottom feeders. Although it looks like you and I have been feeding pretty good. But nevertheless, I've got to tell you a Wayne Gretzky story before I forget. Okay. So I'm sure you don't know who Bill Water is. He's a former general manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Most people don't care about that. But the Gretzky thing, so they have a show called Leafs TV for two hours of it. They're the Samlcast on the fan radio and also on the... Or Mojo Radio and on the Leafs TV. So anyway, yesterday I caught a little bit of it. He's telling a story about a personal friend of his and Bill Water knows everybody in hockey who was having dinner with Wayne in his wife one night. Some months ago. And after that, they went to the Wayne's house. And they turned on it, and we're watching a college basketball game. And I guess it turned out to be real off-sided when and one side. And Wayne says to his wife, he says, see how he told you. We should have about 100 on this game. And he wasn't talking about 100 dollars. I don't believe that. I got news for Bill Water is a big, your Wayne Gretzky suck up. He would never make up a story. A hundred thousand dollars on basketball game. Keep in mind, she bet five grand on the coin toss at the Super Bowl. I know, but the Super Bowl everybody over does. But a college basketball tent game. How you couldn't bet a thousand. I'm going to tell you something. You couldn't. I was telling you, well, if you had the right connections, you could know you can. Okay. Hey, hey, has those connections. What are you talking about? That's correct. You can't. No, no, he's connections. No, but there's no place you could bet 100,000 on a basketball game. Okay. So that's the one. I guess Bill Water is must have made it up. And at the meantime, he's doing everything he can to side with Wayne. That's why with somebody, if nobody make up something like that, that would be pretty slander or civil or in true. Yeah, people and college stuff. Okay. So maybe it was 10. Maybe it was 10. I believe 10. And anyway, it's still a betting on sports. Which, if she lies to a teeth, this thing's going to blow up in his face. Something like brutal. Maybe that's not really a problem. It's not really a problem. It's not really a problem. Well, who cares about that? No, I won't. Seven to two today. Yeah, who cares? Boring. But all the way. I would watch it. I wouldn't pay the attention. Like I said yesterday, the National High�ity is the only professional sports league that allows its athletes to participate. What is supposed to be amateur sports and where's their health and begins? Some are knows it's a fans and shut the league down for two weeks after missing a whole season. And then basically say, well, if your favorite player is getting into the list of playoffs, or we have a lousy season, two-stink in bed because we're more concerned about Canada's ego. That's what it's. That's what the whole thing is all about is about Canada's ego. Yeah, I had a call yesterday from somebody wanting to know why they don't play basketball and the winner during the basketball season. And then the hockey does because basketball won't break up with season to do that. Right. Well, in addition to which can you see the end? Can you see? I just can see that. I can see the NBA going over there and tell you the winner will Olympics. Well, they play in a summer Olympics. Yeah. And is that right? They make a fortune. Well, that's sad. You know, whether it's right or not. The NBA, it's a cash cow for the NBA because of the merchandise they sell from their Olympic team. Well, to me, to me, it's just snubbed to the fans. You don't see baseball, do you want to see baseball? Well, the baseball going down, Neil. Baseball's got this with these world games they're playing. Yeah. What's the point of that? And they're going to play in a middle of spring training. What happens if a pitcher throws his arm out and ran this month? It's just, it's hurting along. It's just, it's stupid. But you know, I say it's totally stupid. Well, the fans can be, to them with the fans as the message. That's what it's all about. Expect people to go in pain through the nose to see mediocre garbage and water down crap and then they come to their nose and them. And they can understand why they got these thousands of people disguised as empty seats. So my little Hamilton has a book. Don't get talked about it. No, my little, sorry. And he writes about Harry Carrey. And the hook, the hint of each other. He treated everyone the same way in short. He was a miserable human being. They hated each other those two. Well, there are a lot of people that said that that Harry was especially when he was drinking, which is most of the time. That was all of a miserable drunk. But so who cares? See, do we, we have to know that? Yeah, I'm, I'm not going to put Mo in my book. Mo. You're comparing Mo with Harry Carrey, is that what you're saying? No, just the, I just said it. I'm very, very carried. Yeah, well, I had Harry on the show one time. I remember that. Well, he's bleachers in Chicago. He was very nice to me. I heard that. He was very impressed that I remember him doing St. Louis Eubbillikins basketball and Big Harry Carrey fan. He was great. He made me into a cup of spring. I don't care if he was the biggest bastard in the face. He says, what do I care about that? Not my business. I don't care if he used to beat up his wife and his dog. And whatever else it's, this has been this. He was a great broadcaster. He was one of a kind. He was like the Howard Cossell of baseball. He was, he was tremendous. Yes, he was. And we got to find out from a, Mar, see, I don't why I said that I liked the Milo Hamilton. Just because he did it, if he would move one time when I was in West Palm on J. Well, he was a drug, you know. The violence with violence with violence is, all this, give me another beer. Yeah. Making way of 60 years at Milo's microphone. That's the book. You know, I liked Milo. He's a good broadcaster, but he, I mean, he couldn't lick Harry's butt. You know, I would buy him. I would buy him. I would buy him by Milo Hamilton. Uh, somebody dressed with, you know, a lot of time in our hands. I mean, he's got somebody else to read it to them. He was not a national guy. Of course not. That's what I'm trying to tell you. You, you ask anybody who's even a marginal baseball fan who Harry Carrey was. And I can tell you immediately, and I'll probably tell your stories, but ask him, Hey, how about Milo Hamilton? And I'll say, is that the guy that had the duel with, uh, with Rayman Burr? Yeah, there was the last place president to somebody. Right. He had a duel with Rayman Burr because Rayman was, Yeah, that's another story. Don't even get most of the money. I'll tell you that. I'd like your version. That's my version of what? Of that? That's what I'm talking about. And I'll have the Milo Hamilton, uh, Rayman Burr duel. Oh, yeah. Anyway, we got some real stuff going on inside this radio station. I'll tell you that. I'll tell you something. This is out sick today. It was 65 in his studio yesterday. Yeah. And the engineers, the engineers say that they can't fix this for some reason, but they can't fix anything. So what's, you know, about that? Don't forget, they're right after this Hill's department running the show. See, like I just told Terence a little while ago, told me some amazing stories, by the way, about some of the stuff that was going on on the grid reads leadership. But, um, I mean, it would make the Hearst in on your head, you know, have any. But, uh, the faces change, but the situation is still the same. You want me by that? Yeah, it was nice to see Brian's footsteps back today. Real sales guy. Welcome back, Brian. He came in for a couple of minutes. He's a real good guy and a good sales guy. Real sales person, which is nice to have one. Yeah, no Todd Dreck. That's your assignment, by the way, between now and Friday is to kill Todd Dreck. I'd be happy to. Wayne and Wayne, rescue him is why I'll give you a hundred for it. I'll take him out, we'll go, well, quail hunting together. There you go. Take him out with a V-P. Which, by the way, if this guy, Croix, he's going to be, um, whoop. Yeah. Oh, seriously. I'm funny. I mean, the guy had a heart attack. Right. Well, how does he want to feel? Somebody shot you in a face with a pellet gun. Well, my case probably would notice the difference. And this old guy, too, is it's not so much the face that's the problem. It's the heart. Yep. The heart. Guy has a heart attack and they also scummered on light about that for 12 hours for, I'm not how many hours, but they've been lying to their teeth and withholding information. He knew about it. He was whispered and he even started his press conference yesterday. And he held that back. And Jamie hasn't said anything. Yeah. Now, maybe our Republicans are all whipped up into a frenzy about that. He's not saying anything. I see this one. And we've cremated himself because if the guy does Croix, he's going to mind up getting, uh, what a lawsuit that'll be. Not just lawsuit. There can be criminal charges. Man's slaughter. A trial. Can you imagine that a trial for the vice president? And I still say the public solved whipped up about this in the media, too. And the, and all these innocent people dying air every single day. Three more school kids got killed in bang that in six police today. But nobody cares about that. Not to mention the 250 American soldiers. If you follow these, if all these geniuses on their like jail and on even the John Stewart and all in the letterman, if they spent as much time screaming about the slaughtered innocent people over there is they are about this bird shoot thing. Well, there's no humor in it. And I see. But there shouldn't be any humor in that. You don't believe that story about the weight in the hundreds. I don't think it was a hundred. No, that's what he said. I don't know. I know. Where is he guys? Where is he going to find somebody to take a hundred thousand. About a better enough on a basket. Rick talking. No. They wouldn't. Have you know that? I know. I know a lot of people in that business. Do you? Yes. For example, I talked to a couple of guys in Las Vegas during a week about what they would do if somebody came in and bet seventy five thousand dollars on a sewer bowl game. Right. And they would take it. It would raise their eyebrows a little bit. But you know, the question was, you know, hey, people are now raising a point. Well, it leads to fixes and whatnot. Well, if you wanted a bit more than that, you would have a lot of trouble laying it off. But there are some customers, for example, Carl Icon. Could better me and dollars on a game. Right. On a sewer bowl game. He will. But nobody's ever going to bet that kind of money on a basketball game someplace. They would never take the bet. Mm-hmm. No good bookmaker would ever put. I don't know how Bill Waters and Tommy's a liar. Because I'm something Hank said you're a liar. He's full of it. You can tell him. I don't think so. I'll bet you a hundred thousand. I'll tell you when I bet you a five hundred. I like that. Okay, you're on. There you go. I bet you a twenty million. You'll be right. You'll be right. Numbers around. But you know, the people. For about a hundred or forty five million, the beesleys money. Okay. One thing about bookies. They're not looking to lose money. If somebody I know is better not. I'll call this a bookie. Okay. Mugsie Solomon. You have to tell me about bookies. I'm going to love from bookies. I'm sure he will love each other. A hundred thousand. Or better not. I can't. I think Mugsie ever saw a hundred granted his life. But he married a real big. I'll tell you that. About the third of his age. That's nothing to hold against him. He's a little. He's a problem. I can't quite hold against him. That's why I married her. Yeah. Well, I'm at note. I'm going to like, I've got a Todd Drek. Voodle. I'm going to all during the show. What is he doing? What do you want to go into it on the air? It would be just a very bad form even for me. But he's just he's the antichrist. He's just impossible. See, everything we do has. He has to be for his benefit. No matter how much we have to sell out. No matter how much it's just it always has to be for him. I had an issue with another person yesterday who sold somebody a life spot in my show. Yeah. One live and one tape. Yeah. Inside the show. It doesn't work that way. Right. Well, they just make an up the Zigo along. Yeah. They try to slip stuff by it. And then their stuff that shows up on the long day. Nobody ever heard of before. Like, well, what's this? Yeah. Oh, look, that's not put the audience into no coma with all this stuff. Because like I said, the face is changed, but nothing else changes. Copy? What's that? We can't even get them to put on the copy. Who the hell are the A-E-E-A? The assailors person is that sold at account. That would take at least three or four seconds to put it to pot-type that under. Just scroll it on there. Give me a name. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, there you go again. Ah! Can't stop. That's a looping. Can't stop. I've got to control. Well, let's not go to our got some spots here today. I'm going to do one. All right. I want to get away of that. No. And then we got that Todd Rekishu. I'm sorry, if you happen to see him in a hallway, do us all a big favor. Just step out. Push him out of the same window. You know, the jikku was in. There you go. Okay. Now, Todd goes first. I agree. Austin, Indiana. You too. Holy Macanot. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gull. Oh, you're going. Everyone calls you on the way. He will be with me. Everything is traced. There's a cyber space, push him, watch him. That's a looping. Oh, you're answering. I feel the ease of being. There's no such thing as privacy, pushes what you want. Who'll turn to see? Stunnerly call me. Given God's own clips. I'll do it for all the best. Never seen no day. Never worth you saying. From this cyber hello, to that deep into the boat, push him, watch him. You'll report it on tape with a seat, I say. Pushes, watch him. Watch this, W. Watch this, I got to see the favorite of this hand and here's the one on the other hand. It's for both you and Todd Dreck. 10 13 at 5 60 W. Q. M. Happy Pysol. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. Bill and his wife, Buffy, were sitting in church. Bill sleeping, Buffy, knitting. The priest asked who created the earth and man. Buffy poked Bill with her knitting needle and Bill screams, God. The priest looked at him and said, that's right. Then he asked who is God's son. One more, Buffy poked her husband, Bill. With her needle, he screamed, Jesus again, the priest said, correct. Finally, the priest asked, what did he say to Adam when she didn't want any more children? Well, Buffy poked her husband, Bill again, but this time he screamed, woke me with that thing one more time and I'm going to rip it off. The priest said that's right. Paul Harvey. Good day. 10 18 at 5 60, he's getting better at Paul Harvey lately, not so far. He's become mildly amusing. This is mildly amusing before I get into any heavy dubious stuff. I guess we got to do the bad news in the rack first. What, why don't you ever read any of the good old man? Tom Keldtree Boys on a way to school today in Baghdad, at least eight other people including six policemen died in car bombings and shooting across the Iraqi capital. It's a hell on earth as what it is we've created over there. Freedom's on a march. The bombing occurred in central Baghdad's bustling Fidel area. That's Fidel, not Kidel. The strong and camera shop that's old black market alcohol and damaging several other stores. They children at 12 year old and 214 year old to just let their houses for school when they were hit by the blood they're dead. There's it. And six policemen, people dying every day in the same people. The war worried about that big shooting up there in Texas and so as a result. The raw story just reports this and article at MSNBC's website was edited to remove references to alcohol that may have been available at a picnic which preceded the accidental shooting of that 70 year lawyer by Dick Cheney. That makes sense by the way. The change to the article was quickly noticed by a number of liberal bloggers in their readers. Many of whom have been following this much discussed story very closely last few days. And if they only would be following the death in Iraq more closely, we'd be a lot happier about that. And the article credited to Aaron Rossden and the NBC investigative unit, Katherine Armstrong, member of the family who owns the ranch, revealed new details about her lobbying for the Bush administration and about circumstances surrounding the incident itself, which was reported immediately to the following morning. Armstrong was the one who reported the news to a local news reporter and said she said that Cheney agreed with the decision. The following paragraph was removed for understealing reasons from the article sometime after was first published on the internet. Armstrong also told NBC news that she does not believe alcohol was involved in the accident. She says she believes no one that they was drinking all those he says there may have been be available during a picnic list that preceded the incident. There may have been a bearer to win if he said, but remember not everyone in the party was shooting. Or at least not everybody was shooting straight. Cheney handshered the popular fire dog-leg blog including the beer quote in a post-shear while we're still on the web live. They later noted an update the article appeared to have been scrubbed to remove from the MSNBC website. Hampshire also linked with earlier post-shearote which a similar scrubbing occurred, but at that time at the CBS news website. Other blogs and websites that spotted the change include Democratic underground thought crimes in the daily cost. Johnny Cougar who left the comment Democratic underground appears to be in the first blog of the kits to switch and also covered in his blogs. Since Armstrong was interviewed by telephone, there may be lingering questions as to why MSNBC scrubbed the story. So it was saying they scrubbed the... Sure it'll get me a fresh and device president had a popper to and then went out there was like pop and some old kits because he was like a little, you know, lyriaid. That would be bad. The special later on after this guy crossed me up in criminal proceedings going on. That would really be bad. Speaking of criminal proceedings, some of those things that Clarence told us before the show today, boy. There are people on death row for lesser crimes that he was telling to you. What do you mean? Police, bus driver tosses complaining right away to traffic. This is a great story. So what should some of us, somebody thinks to sit or something. Somebody emailed it to me. No. Well thank you. Thank you, dear. A transitive bus driver grabbed a woman by the hair. This is in Philadelphia. Grabbed her by the hair, not created by a poor, open the door and toss her ass into traffic. After she yelled at him, I'm missing her stop, fully said. You go, boy. Nice going. The 50-year-old woman who was not identified suffered a broken shoulder. Bus driver, Mario Edney, 53, was arranged through his day and aggravated assault other charges, so it offers her a Jillian Russell, a police folks, somebody's being out on $2,000 bond. Well this story is from last week. Well, I see it says Thursday, February 9. What we found it anyway? Well, pretend they said he had a skip to woman's stop once the morning because of a detour. Transit officials intend to fire Edney was been suspended without pay following you hearing. Well, shame on him, I think he did the right thing. He couldn't stop there anyway. There was a detour. He wasn't going to break the law for this bitch and so he had to like her. And so she started to bitch in the mountain and he picked her ass up and tossed her out the window. Out the door, whatever. Are you like that? I like it. I like it, try to. So there's wine and complaint about like Todd Dreck, throw his ass out the window right now. Right now. That's it. That's Brian Schmutz's first assignment on his way back into where sales department now and he's already knows about that. He's a pretty enough of a guy. He could pick up Todd Dreck with one finger. Here's a big guy. In fact, both campers come in back in there and the two of them are going to pick up Todd and they're going to like a body slam and he's going to be the pivot man. They're going to do a little ass to ass. You better be fucked. Yeah, and he's going to get the old squeeze. They're going to squeeze them. I have two but two paste piece of correct. Dreck. Also, let's see, don't have the pull yourself from your stare. I throw that out. I sure hope I didn't do that. That's right out. Oh no, we can get it again. I got so much good stuff. And then I got throw when Hank stared at throwing a monkey wrench in that whole deal about the Bill water story about Greski and 100 grand. He doesn't believe it. I believe it. I mean, he may have been exaggerating the number. He may have been another incident saying. No. When he was saying that, he may have been saying it to it. In other words, maybe he was like, you know what I'm saying? I don't have that pull myself. Miss Haynes, my morning for a ton of you. How are you going to get it? Here I got it. I have days. Well, get it for me. Please. Because in the midst of all this other stuff. See, I got out of my usual routine here. So let's take a look. Roger is trying to make that up. What is the gayest thing? A so called straight guy can do? We got 859 votes. We got another good shot of the thousand. The gayest thing is so called straight guy can do. Kiss another guy. I have 161. But Europeans in the schmothands and just about over the world, they would be like, it gets serious, you know? Well, you guys are so uptight. Well, they are. Look at that ugly dog. Did you see that there? Yeah, they were showing it all morning. Oh, my God. And look at that ugly dog. I like the first one, better. Me too. At least he was in the right ringer. But he wasn't. He wasn't confagulating with right wingers. What kind of a dog is that? I used to know what is that? I don't know ugly. The Westminster winner of the ugliest creatures ever seen. Newwater dog level. Yeah. Arrow. By the way, put a feature in there for our convenience. Yes. All you have to do is hit view previous on your little thing there. Oh yeah. Like magic. Eric, you are the man. Man. And in fact, that even after printed out. I'll just give it to you right now. That's right. Poor. What is the biggest type of all time? This man is, you know, an honor why Josh teach Rippant of an ass. That's a bulltare of other way. Is that what it is? I think I'd start to say that and then George interrupted me with his usual. Interruption. Yeah. That's great. So anyway, here's the appool from yesterday. The biggest type of all time we had 1695 votes. See if I let it go a little bit longer. We could then 70 hundred. Then we got that bonus. A bonus to Josh gets and Eric gets for the bogus. Religion 5005. Nobody even close religion. Hype. WMDs 237. Nice going, Eric. Howard Stern 154. American Idol 124 Super Bowl 105. Y2K 102. The Segway 90. Elvis 54. Lugra Broke. Broke Gras Mountain. Broke your ass mountain 50. Low carb die 39. How's Dr. Bob Doin? Madonna 37. Tom Cruise 36. Oh, we got a Tom Cruise story today. Yeah. Your liberal student five. The Beatles 29. Dr. Phil 21. Low fat dieous 19. Dean Orner St. Phrase. Dr. Fred St. Dredge. Kill him both. Oprah 18. Dr. 13. Michael Jackson 10. Mesh 9. David Letterman 8. So in other words, there's no half the Letterman show. When he throws that pencil through the window, that's, you know, hey, it was these are it. All you punk saw there. Think David Letterman's fun. He's a panic man. He's a laughing lion. All those stupid pet tricks. I bet the dogs and his show looked better than I want to. Oh, I like a lot of people. I like the fact even George liked that show the supernatural. I said not about you Josh. I really did. Surprisingly adequate. Awesome. How I'm as good. Oh. Well, I'll tell you the one good news is that we know scenes in the show last night when they were like sleeping together in the same room. No. No good night, brother. Maybe daddy will call. They are brothers, even though they were pretending to be cousins. And that episode last night. I thought they were brothers. Sam and Dean. Yeah, that's that's what you were, you were telling me. But last night, like the representative of the cop. Well, then, of course, the whole show they're looking for daddy, you know. Maybe they're looking for a sugar daddy. Maybe. You've got a Sam my number. I put him your way. 27 past 10 a Q a M. I'll tell you one thing. Let's play everybody the way dry concepts have been used in for a long, long time. Almost a lifetime in my homes because they're the best in the business. They make your carpets look just like Ray knew. We went ahead my two dogs. And they were doing like all kinds of nasty business all over the house. God concepts will come in here. You never even know that we hand me dogs. I encourage you right now to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contractive for by you with a 10% discount on all the dry concepts services included in their one of our time carpet cleaning. Lethar, drapey or animal rug cleaning. They also specialize in pet odor treatments, ceramic tile, ground cleaning, mattress cleaning, sacred bottle of dust mice, and lots more as well. And during this month during February, dry concepts have a special offer for you on a post-recleaning. Don't replace your furniture just because it's sore. Let dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture. I just affected the cost of replacing or re-appulsoring. And all dry concepts technicians are specially trained and certified to make a long story sure if they really know their crap and no rip-offs are scams because it dry concepts they always give you a written guaranteed price upfront and professional service too. So don't be fooled or ripped off by the imitators. You made a big investment in that decorating your home now is time to protect it. Called dry concepts today, toll free and date route in the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, dry concepts.com and don't forget this month February special at dry concepts of toll free cleaning. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 Tuesdays. Don't add dirt. First we introduce the Gillette Lockeries, and the M3 Power, and the latest Gillette futures. And providing you with the smoothest face possible. The researchers and Gillette, in association with fresh searches, the difference is that they've been to let F-T. These days, they've been through. These morning, just peel off yesterday's face. And with the Stanley Face Attribut accessories, simply staple your new smooth, stubble free face off. Oh, that's awesome. Then face the world like you never before. I just love your same thing. And that droopy paralyze slip is so... ...example. A big ol' day caught teaser, Alfred American, Asia, is sparing games. Can be it multi-packed for guys who really want to play the field. And you, Gillette, F-T. Real, the best of the day, hey, yeah. You know, we never even talk about that. They unfilled at a big new semester. The five blades, Gillette, at the Assymbol. Yeah, we've talked about all the different reasons that people use. Yeah, one will be stopped. And John, she's trying to convince himself that it'd be the more blades that's got the better shape. That's ridiculous. I don't agree with that. You were the one that we've given us some of the answer about that vibrating one. You shaved your rectum with. That's what I use. Well, okay. So a lot of guys would like to shave the rectum. Maybe you can come over and help them out. I don't know. I have it sitting there. I will never use it again. I'll tell you that right now. I'm not going to argue with you. Use whatever you like. I was to see that. That's why I'm not going to shave with something because somebody tells me that's that's what they like. But I can great. Well, I can't you like disposable. That's right. I like what I like. And you like what you like. And believe me, there's a big disparity there. Trust me. Anyway, I'm going to be keep by the shape of what broken glass. There you go. Why you said you can afford. That's right. Actually, I'm going to that face transplant. Are you? Yeah. I would do it. In fact, I understand that back the water now seems thinking about checking that out. Now, let me just say this before we. What was it just going to say? There's something very, oh, yeah, about the five-blade deal. I've come out now. They do have a. What is it called? I don't even know what it's called. The Mock Five. I mean, it's just so pathetic. And like I said, it's like shift boy R.D. It's the same marketing concept. Gillette knows Dan Well and so they're shaking all the other ones. That if you put out like, you know, 75 different products, which are basically the same with like a little bit different variation. You're going to sell a hell of a lot more crap. Just like shift boy R.D. They basically take the same mushy posth. And they have a wood meatball and it shapes like stars and shapes like ringed things and thingylings and all that stuff, you know, curly things. Right. Same old crap, but you go to the store and there's like, Ravioly would cheese, who may be only would beef and a Raviolyos and beef aeronios and it's just a simple crap. Marketing. That's what the world is. The world is a business. That's what we're finding out here at QAM. Make no mistake about it. The world is a business. It's all about M.O.NY. Just give us the F and money and everything else is secondary. It's called the Gillette Fusion 5. Well, thank you so much. There's a lot of confusion about it. Just give us the money, baby. Everybody listening to me right now. Send us a bag of money, okay? Well, I'll take it one thing. I correct read. He's sure handsome stuff going on in that place. Anyway. So the bull. I got to story about that dog. And you know what a dog level. I say that again because I don't want to, you know. The man is the square garden crowd went wild for the golden retriever. Well, leave it to the Madison Square Garden crowd. I've got a good taste. The golden retriever is the greatest dog ever aboard. Anybody want to argue that with me? Well, guess what? To you, okay? I love golden retrievers. And the old English sheep dog. Now that's that. I see that's not for me. The old English sheep dog. No. In fact, quite honestly, that don't even look like a dog to me. The sheep dog. What's it look like? The sheep. I'm a little sheepish about ask God those guys up there in the woods in various mountain Elfana. They spend a lot of time up there with the sheep. But in the end, oops. In the end, vests in show with the Westminster Kennelburg show went to a breed that has once since 1918 a colored bulltereer. Not just a bulltereer, and I think it's a racial thing. A colored bulltereer. His owner is Tom and Barbara Bishop of Homedale, Majerzy, screened, wept and all the Collapsed and the stands. Aw, when the tall dapper Canadian judge, Jadfigre, is silly. Walk to her their dog, roof is bearing the coveted purple and gold ribbon and so for trophy. And said, how's it going, eh? This is like having lands Armstrong for a son said Tom a 50 year old chemical plant man and supervisor in a quarter-roy jacket. I wonder if the dog is on drugs. Rufus, who's show name, is the CH Rocky top Sunday ends kid. Is the couch potato at home, according to Barbara? In addition to gold and retrieving the old English sheep dog, Rufus beat out a wrought wiler, a Scottish deer hound. I don't even know I have any idea what that is. A Dalmatian and a pug. Oh, well, well, well, I'll tell you, not so many weird dogs I like in that group, her pug. Well, you don't have any artsy artsy crowd as the uglier the better. I see, well, I'm surprised the afghan hound wasn't in her again, which ended just before 11 o'clock trial last night. I used to have a friend and a college from Detroit, John from Detroit. He looked just like an afghan hound, was that ugly? That's something, it's just exactly like it. So anyway, the colored bullteria wins the year. Now, that whole thing is in its comedy show. They don't realize that everybody in the world watches it laughing at him, hysterically, and ping in their pants, and these people take it very seriously. And they got to die, and the dogs are dragging them around on leash, you know. The dogs are trotting, and these people are like trotting after them, trying to keep up to their father and ass. Speaking of falling on their ass, new photos of Abu Ghari, I'm sorry, new photos of Abu Ghari, Abu Ghari, a abuse surface. Image is on Australian TV Day from late 2003. Sydney, Australia, and Australian television network broadcast photographs and video clips today that it said were previously on public images of the alleged abuse of Iraqi cell, the newest military custom, a custom of the Abu Ghari, Arab prison. View images were taken at Abu Ghari in late 2003 and about the same time as previously published photos of Iraqi prisoner abuse, the special broadcasting services date line program for this, the SBS to UA, in Australia. SBS refused to give details on the source of the photos, and the authenticity images cannot be verified independently as if, you know. The images shown by the SBS were consistent with earlier photos of abuse by American soldiers, which triggered outrage in the Middle East and prompted US congressional investigation and military trials for some soldiers involved. The SBC had to be a lot more whipped up about these pictures than they are about for stupid ass cartoons. No one on the images broadcasted it could clearly be identified as US military personnel, men wearing prisoners performing sex acts, SBS said the photographs of the dead bodies were people who had died at the prison. Something missing in that, wasn't there? Men wearing something. There's a percent in the line missing. One clip broadcasted by SBS showed a group of naked men with bags over their head standing together masturbating, then that were said the masturbation had been forced. Another video showed a man repeatedly beating himself against the wall. A photograph showed a man with a deep cut on his neck and another of the same answer under dimendrous and cacky shorts and pants with one man 20 at the wound. SBS said the images are among photos, the American celebrity's union was trying to obtain from the US government under a freedom of information request. A US's recordings September up held a request to ruling coverings scores of photos, and several video tapes, government lawyers said it was considering an appeal, and images were not immediately released, but you can see them. They're all over the place. Oh, I see, this is this is the second page. I have my order. Now we're wearing, I said, well, there you go. Where do you what? Stuff. Two to two? Not wearing my leetars. Any time? And of course, this is the same network that showed us a couple of these pictures a while. The same network that takes a lady out those Danish cartoons, and then the alleged Danish cartoons that were fabricated by the Schmitzers derbyers by the Ojo and Pervacaturum Graham. They still pixelating it out of the excuse being, well, later, I want to add to the insensitivity and the inflamey, I write. Much as Spimeless cars, you're afraid of much of ragheads. You're going to like these set on your studio during Atlanta, just burn out baby in the ground, which I say, Oh, you go for it. Schmatt hits. CNN, the evil doers of all time. When the history of mankind is written, forget about Hitler, forget about Stalin, forget about Mussolini, forget about Ali, and evil, forget about Paul Pot, forget about George's pot, CNN will go down the history. It's the most evil force, just like Howard Beall said. Remember what he said about the biggest G.D. whatever he said. So we can't even say that anymore. Force in the history of mankind, even that was just 72 or whatever it was. 76 prom bones. And it was right. That's why that movie is so important in Josh to stay. He doesn't care. He wants to be entertained. He doesn't care about the significance of it. He's not a political kind of guy. He doesn't care about any of that stuff. He's just like, just entertain me. That's all. Just amuse me and whatever. As long as you understand that, we'll get all I just thought. And watch me shave my back though with that, that moth smell or whatever the thing is. Okay, here's today's poll results so far. And I do this. I didn't. I started. What is the gayest thing? A so-called straight guy can do. That side track with that one from yesterday. 912 votes. We're going to be damn close to 1000 by the top of the hour. Not there, but close to it. Kiss another guy on 72. We're a thong at the beach, 124. For how about singing a very manual of thong? He writes the thongs. Nick, if you're turning the hazing 115. Oh, yeah. Just like this thing, as we know about now, I've always involved the same kind of military, whether it's in college fraternities, always these macho bars. Always involving factory. That's right. The juts. You've got it. Guys with naval or tongue piercing 53, where short shorts 49, real short shorts. Where a fanny pack, whereas commonly known a Fagbag 42. Get a manicure or a petacure 39 bow camper. Listen to me, a raggy 37. Hold a small dog while driving. What about a colored pit bull? Or about me? I mean a colored boss and tear excuse me. In fact, they actually do look like pit bulls only much earlier. Whereas tie a sweater around your neck 34. Watch beer ass mountain 31. Highlight your hair 26. Just touch it up a little bit. Aslaping 21. Just touch it a little bit. But sit. Go Democrat 17. Use body wash 15. Wear pink shirts 13. Last soap ruffers 12. Guys who like cats 11. Guys who like musicals 11. Wear thumb rings 11. Go your Michael Jackson concert 8. Guys who like to McColle call him 7. Go into the gym 7. Riding a scooter 8. 5. 7. Wear ladies watch 5. Little teeny tiny delicate watch. Usually pretty good give away. Ride a tandem bike 4. Wear green on Thursday 3. See that deck is I'm David on that deck was back a long way. Just don't do it tomorrow though. I'm just telling you right now. Josh. Wear bracelets 3. Wear colored pants. See if you would have said wearing tinted contact lenses. I would have got more votes. Instead of colored contact lenses. I just copy what he wrote. Buy carpenter CVs 1 and crying in a movie only 1. So that's good. Love these macho guys. Most cried are eyes out. This is Neil Rogers. And they look in the mirror. This is my 18. Okay. My name is Fabri. Tell me you were standing. Until that special afternoon. Recording some of the two done ever dream that. Any of this crap would sell it all when I was done. But I did shoot at number one. Can't keep it stocked on shelves. So it's this pouring itself. That damn thing is selling that twice. All out of five steps. You're valmaking dope from who? I'm a inquiring club. My bank up counts to get Montana. I'm 10 up to the morning dope from Kremlin. I'm a fan. They're song the crap. They're the hype. They're the hype. They're the dope. That white hair cry. It's number one baby. And it sucks. It's a 10.40 in a day. It's amazing. It's what it is. It's a beauty number one. It's very mental. You say that whole of various mountain things. That's had the effect on America. And all the monster guys they ran as soon as they saw that movie. They ran right up and bought very manual. Several. That's correct. I've been ahead today. By the way, just want to say that to the audience. What's the word? I'm looking for a snoker. Snoker. That's what we're for. I've been snoker. Haven't given you old bait and swish today. I'm going to be fed a loop in other words. I always agree with whatever people say to you. And then they're stabbing the bag. That's an idea we got now. Agreed with everything that I say. And then just go ahead and turn around. That's all right. I can handle it. I got a big fat back. And a big fat public. Pretty sad. What's going on? But nevertheless, it never changed because it's the Beesley, F. and Way. Make no mistake about that. When you're working for people who live in a tree. I remember a little kids used to have a tree house. You know? But adults. It's a little bit unusual. Yeah. Tarzan and Caroline Beesley. Have you seen them swinging around together? I hear that joyous as a real swing or two. I'd like to have a rope on a tree. I'll be hanging from it. Her from one limb and Tom Drex from the other. That old expression from limb to limb. There's a really cute line in that bit too. About like a candle. I saw it a far faster. That was kind of good. Now. Bill aimed at reducing crashes of race day driving age to 17. What do you think? Yeah. Whatever. I say, you know, because we're always discriminating against young people in Florida. I say I have no problem with that because most teenagers write like lunatics anyway and are like a threat on the road. But if they're going to do that, let's also like pair it down on the other end. On the top end. A bit. And that is if you're already ages 70 for example, we take a little less. But that'll never happen. No, of course not because they're the ones in vote. Right. The greatest on date. And they can vote anyway under 18. Attention teenagers. The state legislature may make you wait an extra year to get behind the wheel of a car. Or at least drive legally anyway. Thousands of Florida 16 year olds are killed over injured in car crashes of a year. A statistic that's for at least one. Oh, legislative call for increasing the state's driving age from 16 to 17. That extra year the kids needed said Irv Slasper, Democrat of Boka. Irv Slasper. Oh, they're brain hasn't matured. Hey, Irv, how long have your brain has matured? Sometimes I relate this to trying to pour a gallon bottle of milk into a pint and just overflows. They can't take in all that information. Do you understand what that means? No. I mean, it would be one thing to say that they're irresponsible and at that testosterone is flowing all those two age guys. And they're like, wow, I think they're hot shots out there. And they want to go out there and race like crazy and killing people. That's the thing. They only want to say, you know, I'm concerned about the driving in general. Yeah, the driving in general sucks. And of course, when you have people getting their driver's license and a cracker jacks boss in the right. There's no, there's no inspection vehicle inspection. They are all these people with no insurance, with bald tires and no brace. It makes for a very, very fun combination. A lethal mix up there in a highways. But this is not the one who's like put up banded on the Titanic kind of solution. They always come up with inflora. Because you've got a bunch of sphineless political cowards. And as a result, they don't want to piss off the old folks. They don't want to do it. And of course, remember that we went through that whole scam. Well, how much did it cost eight bucks for what? Well, these just stick that thing up your feet. Up your tube. That used to up your tube. I thought it was like 12 or so. Was it 12 bucks? Now, that was a scam. That was an absolute scam. The auto emission test, where I had to go in, it would be like a bunch of illegal aliens. It just topped off of banana boat. And they just, in there, are sticking at long, up your cars, but Florida's the most aggressive states in restricting teen driving. Well, of course, keep sticking to the young people. That's right. Stick it to the punks. We don't let the new. T-Sol and people away from spring grade. T-S anybody under 100 away. Anybody, yeah, let's have more and more specials for the early bird. If you're over the age of 100, we can give you like a special discount on your, you know, Colossal bag. But anything else for charge you double to make up for it? What compared to other age groups, drivers age 15, 19 had the highest rate of distance in fatal crashes in 2004, 15 to 19. Of course, they don't see it once the testing failure you'll ever see is the number of crashes in Florida that are caused by old-farth driving. Who forced a rest of us to like take evasive measures, this were to like go more than five miles an hour in a passing lane. If I can find it, South Park had a hysterical episode about old people driving. Really? Or to make up your paint? Was it Tom Cruise in the John Travolta? Right. It'll make you feel your bag. No. It had the AARP commandos. That was just, uh, an Asian-wide 16 year olds had the high-end. The 16 year olds had the highest crash risk twice as high as 18 to 19 year olds according to, well, 16 year olds wouldn't be driving anyway. It's common sense and I think maybe it's time, Slasberg said he also said, oh, he's planned HB975 as some of the measures pending in several states. Although it can seize, it could be a multiyear process to win an off-host to make the change. Florida became one of the first states to begin placing tougher restrictions on novice drivers when in 1996 legislators passed the Cinderella bill. Edmund, you turn into a pumpkin. I see. And you put on these little flippers. Establishing phased in licenses that put my time restrictions on drivers under the age of 18. Within a year, those changes reduce crashes involving pay-tiles and injuries by 11% in the 15 to 17 year old age group. How come we just don't make it like 25? Okay. If you're not 25, you can't drive. How do you like that? You know in Montana. I mean, we're not too happy that you were alive. And you know, drive. Yes? And Montana, you can get your driver's license at 15. I don't know if that's the case anymore, but I got my car. I was on my car. I was a punk. I think I got my in 15. You could restrict your license in the worst state since I was a year ago. Regular license 15. If you've hired my present. Montana, I mean, you're going to actually hit somebody else in a highway there. A loose, maybe. And that's about the biggest danger. Or maybe an elk. You know, those are seven of them. I just can't even tell you. I'm embarrassed to I'm about those people. The one that's the watcher. The VFW people that were to silly hats. Wow. And the elk. Oh, my. The little mirror. That's better. Oh, yeah. Look, it's just an excuse. I have no life. Listen, it's just an excuse to have a place to go and play cards and drink. And drink. And drink. Like, yeah, I would drink before I go out. But it's very dark. The death of Justin Marks, a 15 year old running Vantine, killing the car, wrecked with two teenage trends, prompted to push me even more change. And 2000 lawmakers agreed to make teams wait long to get their license. Fortunately, when the first old I learners permit for a four year. Instead of just six months plus get 50 hours of supervised behind the wheel of experience. Faddle crash involving for 16 year olds fell 26% from 1992 to 2003. And states began to enact graduated licensing laws. But this hasn't solved the problem by any means. Motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for teenagers. The leader they start driving the better. Like, about 40 would be good. What do you say? All right. I'm thinking like 63 is a good age to start driving. I said, that's one thing I don't miss. I would say the drivers here are like much more. Not the best, but certainly more civilized than there. But that could be said of anywhere. You could say that about the drivers in Rome, even the ones on their Vethford. But I just, I don't miss it. It's just, you know, I used to enjoy that. So much stress when I had my early Corvette, you know, back in the day when you going to actually drive and go somewhere. And now it's just the nightmare. You can't do anywhere. Because there are like, if we two blocks, there's another Porker sitting there with his long radar. He'll talk out the window. You know, waiting to write some business old Porkey. And in addition, it was like some old life here, like I'm university, drive trying to go north, especially like from sunrise north to day ever try to go there. Yeah, yeah. Like I've been to Tamarand. Forget about it. You can't get there from here. Because all the old farce here in the left hand lane with a sitting on 14 telephone books where your head like just barely up to the bottom of the steering wheel. Yeah, I live in Hollywood. You're talking to me. And let me say it again. I just got a six year renewal on my driver's license in the mail. Another blue sticker to put their on a back of my tent. They don't know where to run deaf, dumb, blind, quadruple amputee. Okay. Oh, that's even worse. Yeah, or all of these things. All of these things. And they said it to me in the mail. And you know, it took like less than a week to go for four days. If you've got 15 bucks in Florida, you've got a driver's license baby. You could be 90 like my mother got a six year renewal in the mail. She was 90. And got a six year renewal. So maybe it's fortunate she didn't make it to like 96. You don't say she could still drive legally in the state. All right. You know something you're right. If we could drag her ass out of that box and proper up behind the wheel, she'd get a she probably another six year renewal. That's the Florida F and way. Barrio Punks out there on you know. That was I think the best message from the whole deal is if you're in Florida just don't drive to stay alive. This is me who runs. This is five 16 to eight. Does your brain. This is your brain under. This is your brain being chopped to bits by a finely owned meat cleaver. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. Forget Jason. Fuck it. Forget y'all. So even herald. There's a monster out there. And the streets that could strike at any moment. Old people who drive. That's right. There's no stupid man. Because they're everywhere you go. They drift from lane to lane. They stalking is a state in second year. Old people who drive. I kick it around the sky. Look out honey, you better be not. That's enough. No! You don't know what they're doing next. Until slowly they drive you. Come in soon to win hitter section or forever parking lot new. You. It's 11.25.60WQ. By the way, if you believe that prostitutions illegal in Florida, you've never heard this radio station. Anyway, more in downrights. Why you're got a lot of stuff to read here today. You don't have to be high line. I don't take any hard quality. What's wrong with you, Niles? What calls? Both of them. There are a couple actually. What are you going to be? You have WQAM. Hello. Hello, Niel. Yes sir. How are you sir? Okay. I'm here. I took my eyebrows. And sometimes I pull the hairs out of my chest. That's uh. I guess Andy Rumi's about as much as you can get, huh? All right, sir. Okay. They happy 30. And back to you. Happy. What are you saying? I'm turning me. Well, that's my 30th anniversary. You're from the radio station. I got stabbed in the back of you in this morning. And you were witness to it both here. You saw it. I was made off where I really couldn't refuse. Wasn't I? Yeah, okay. You saw the way it was presented. Like, you know, do it for a doofus. And what do I tell you about? I'm glad handlers are guys. That's my lack of a ton of great with everything you say. And then, but I'm being, when you're not looking all of a sudden you've backstarts gushing blood like the acid of virgin Mary in that South Park episode. That's how I feel. So, always the same. The end result is always the same. Okay. The people in the, in the sand part of it is that the people who do the least for the radio station like Todd Dreck. People like him who are running their own boiler room back there in sales. People like him always get their way in the rest of us. Well, I need to do whatever we tell you man. You do step along, but if you've ever been in the ass, we just tolerate you because, you know, you get those numbers. Man, just absolutely outrageous. What's going on? And then all those stories the current told us, and didn't I tell you he'd be taking off again for a couple of days to do basketball? Yeah, you did. Did I tell you that? You did, too. That's not changing. Nothing has changed. Just like Jack Web, you used to say, only the names have been changed to predict the gully. And that's exactly what we do here at QM. And the spaces keep changing, but the plot continues to darken and thicken. It's like that chocolate ganache I was talking about. It just keeps going darker and thicker and darker and thicker. You could go like into an insulin coma. Just looking at it. Any idea what I'm talking about? No. Neither. Does eyebrows have a hyphen or is it? You know, hey, you really put an eyebrows on there. That's what we write about. You're saying that a straight guy's when they go getting hurt, they don't have the barber trim their eyebrows. That's not what I'm saying at all. What? Guys who pluck their eyebrows. Shape them, sculpt them, you know. There are those. They might not, not, not that it makes a talk about it. But in my case, I have to do that because I don't go to the barber trim. I gave my own head. Listen, everyone's going to get this random gray eyebrow. I'm going to get one. I get one. I don't know why. Maybe got a little blind in here. We're talking about the guys that sculpt and shape their eyebrows. Oh, that's awfully. Oh, yeah. Okay, go put that on there. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I heard you talking about American history at the other day. Great movie. Great movie indeed. There's a couple of other movies. You should check out if you haven't. We're not in the great performance. You want to help the score with that Robert Nero. I think it was my old friend as last film he did before he crowed. And the others rounders. That's what John the Toro and John knock a bitch in my statement. Rounders, what's that about? I'll keep hearing about rounds. Yeah, I've heard. It's sort of based around poker. But like being high and makes poker player. Yeah. But it's more involved than just like a card game type. The old, but it's sort of what he does. He gets out of prison and he met him and we meet up with him again. And they've sort of used to be high stakes players and sort of play the field. I don't know. I'll stick with the score. I'll check that one out first. Okay. Okay. Happy 30. Thanks. Yeah, I think it was cards that puts me into a coma. I don't care whether Hank believes that story or not I do. And it may have been said partly in Justin and as an exaggeration of it. But in other words, in other words, you're betting on games. Is the point whether it was a hundred grand or ten grand or whatever. You know, right? Or this is the other point. But then again, Hank is the gambling analyst. He's the specialist on that. So, and how would he know about placing bets to a mafia-connected people anyway? In Jersey? 567.0.560. You think that's not what we know anything about that? He's heard stuff about that. He's a great fan. Well, if he knows any of those people, and certainly we got a way to deal with Tom Drec. I think we've probably got the final solution. 567.0.560. 560.0.560.0. Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I am. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Even the scrolls don't do that. Oh, there's one of the pictures with a bag over the head there. Environment. The photos from the they've been showing on the European TV stations. They're not wasting time. Oh, clearly knows this. Oh, no. That's quite a pose. How do you do that? Super. He's got this legs over the top of the top of the top of the bunk of the bunk. And he's like, make it as a jibber. And he's like, uh, rest in the heat on the floor. I'm just looking to be looking comfortable. It's been. It looked like a tad of an uncomfortable pose. Of course, they they pixelated out the, you know, they just like we have to pixelate that the package the private. Oh, oh. The. WQA and hello. I drive. I was crazy. 567. 560. 560. The horizon. Sing it a rye of a slife. Line. Live. WQA and hello. Not there. 2. And Ola. On. Yes, sir. How quick question. How many of you have done in Miami? Now I'm a little bit confused. Unfortunately, I have a univer out. So my wife, plug some time. I've even had a black swan. Does that make me can? No, you're you're given. You're given a dispensation if you have a univer out. Oh, perfect. Well, I don't even know what that is. What is it? Univer out. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Thanks, guys. Univer out. What is it? Yeah, that's that's scary. I never heard that expression. Oh, yeah, this. But you just never heard. You call that a univer out? That's what they call it. Oh, boy. Life is a workman. And he said, that's good news. Even after Valentine's Day, she's still working on it. No, they know what we're talking about. You know how women shape their eyebrows. They're going to do that. And guys, they use like mascara on their eyelashes. Oh, good. We got it. Now, what are women put on their eyebrows? Not not mascara. They put mascara on their eyelashes. What are they put on their eyebrows? Nothing. They just pluck them and shape them. Ooh. They pluck them and shape them. Right. Careful. Kind of sounds like what was priest who would be altar boys. Well, sounds like plucked five, six, seven, five, six, six. You'll speak to that. There's that normed Coleman jackass. He's got condolences. Testifying, oh yeah. This ought to be real brother. Kiss kissy kiss fest. Holy sanction during the day. Oh, it is condolences. Oh, brother. I get spilties when I see that pitch. Hey, condolesa. You're fairie. And look at that. It looks like he's got a furrowed brow. She does this furrowing. She does this furrowing. She does this furrowing. She does this furrowing. What the hell is this? Oh, look at this. I just got. Oh, my God. You know how you get these ant faxes. Right. And usually I just toss them. I don't even look at them. Is this what for eyebrow waxing? This one is for the guardian angels safety patrol. Toronto chapter. Now look at this. This. Sweet. Well, could it slimy? Sweet. Well, I came here a few weeks ago. I have to day head. Remember the murder. It's had written downtown. Yeah. Yeah. He stuck his nose in here, which they have no business being into. I know these guys ought to go back to New York where they came from. And the mayor David Miller told him he got to this was on our like a Friday. He says you got somebody to get out of town. Get out of here. Get lost. We don't want you here. We don't want you to help. We don't want you to stick your nose in here for publicity, which is all they're all about. And look at this. Volunteer orientation meetings Sunday for more than 19th at the Brunswick House on Blur Street, West Toronto. The guardian angels Toronto chapter. Please come out and support your local community watch program. The people there don't want them here. Okay. So you joined it up. No, the guardian angels is a not for profit organization to inquire. Call the audience and throw him to an Ontario. Get out of here. Curtis you jack ass. Get out of our face. Go back where you came from. Go back to the streets in New York where you belong. You right wing jack ass. Which he is by the way. I don't know if you ever saw him on it show it on the right way. He makes it. Well, what's the guy that I'm going to say is on all the time? The boat. The boat. You always boat deedal seem like a like 10 canvety. And he can't talk to the red or the red or the slime ball. Hey, did you get the package yet from Boca Brian this week? Because he's been sitting downstairs right now. No, it's matter of fact. Why should I go get it? Although the crash movie should be in there and starting Don Cheetle. No relation to Boe deedle. Oh. Oh, boat deedle. The fifth beetle. Who is evil. And the end of the literate. He's he's what everybody hates about New York. People who look like him people who talk like him. That's what most of us can't stand about New York. There are a lot of nice people in the York on 4th and we never see too many of them. 12 on it and talk about sensitive. Oh, brother. The apica. They had to like MSNBC had to do an apology. I read about it because I don't watch that crap anymore. And I'm a show. Because they were making comments about bear ass mount. And the stuff that we say here every day. But MSNBC had to do an apology on the image show because, oh, give me a break. Okay. Just because there might be like, you know, two million facts come out and beat the crap out of I'm a someday. The big deal. They'll get over it. They'll bitch slap him. No, I want you to boost up on a piano feeling. Anyway. Let's say they throw those girly punches. You know what kind of what the sides of the wrists. I got news for you, man. We got some macho guys in our crowd. Look at normal Kim for example. You've got to come to matrices. There are a lot of gimmicks. The latest are street members. Otherwise known as air mattresses. They're only warranted and full for two years. They squeak. They pop. They can lose their setting during the night and they cost the fortune. So if you really want a high quality brand name at first at the last three years and ears and who in a right mind doesn't, then call my good friends at dial a mattress toll free at 1,800 mantras. When you call 1,800 mantras, you'll get no run around. No showrooms, shenanigans just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know and trust and love. When you call 1,800 mantras, you still choose from Florida's biggest inventory of Seely, Cirta Simmons King Coil, tempered, extirants of an endospostor already for the delivery at prices lower than a so-called big name chain stores even during their supposed big sales. So do the smart thing like I've been doing for years. Call 1,800 mantras. You have the baby you want delivered to the day in time you want a to our delivery and that you pick. You pick the window and they jump right through it. Like noon to two, one to three, et cetera. Call today 1,800 mantras. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight or log onto their website. At mattress.com, that's 1,800 MATTRES. We've all of the last S. because it stands for Stoo Pendersaving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5, 16, 18. All right, you're gone. Mr. Gonzalez is a true that you is White House Council wrote the memo which basically OK is the use of non-traditional interrogation of combatants, aka torture, to gather information or that is not correction. Mr. Gonzalez, would you like a minute to think about that answer? No, Senator. I'm going to say that you're sleeping. OK, one more time, Mr. Gonzalez. I never did. Now, before I release the dog, Mr. Gonzalez, may I suggest if you like your family jewels in one piece, Senator, I never told you you're guilty. OK, I did it. OK, now what maddies? No. OK, now let's move on to your stand on Roe B. Weak. Could I have the jumper table smooth a little lower please? OK. All right. And it's great. Oh, and very timely, too. I'll book our 839 votes on the, uh, gay poll so far. That's like the May poll, the gay poll. Yeah. Can I take a little bit of the time of history and Todd record of our sales holes and one of the absolute most of the unacceptable pieces of garbage that I've ever walked to face to the earth. This guy, now you know it because you witnessed this many times. I'm not telling tales out of school. He used to hide behind school and first strings or apron strings as the case may be heard. That's right. He used to hide behind or skirt and if there was some account he wanted to do, course made a do in the new demo I didn't want to do. What he would do is he would get screw and to come into the studio before the show and he would like hide, he would come in behind or in a course he's about two feet tall waste 14 pounds. So it's very hard to see him. So it like hide himself behind or skirt and see what I'll always ask and for whatever reason I have no idea why but she just she would do it in such an unobtrusive way. I was like okay screw and sure whatever it was kind of like a joke you know. She was like the tolerate her was even as have actions as she was. I could tolerate her but him that's another story. And so now that she is long gone let's congratulate Todd wreck and finding another pair of pantaloonies to hide behind okay not a skirt this time but he's hiding behind somebody's pantaloonies. I was going to have somebody there like to be the frontman for your hijinks and lodging some BS. You're a jackass and you make me want to vomit. But other than that hello guy. Tech of a job brown hound. 19 past 11 a Q.A.M. Mooring downrights one another marine dot com's got a short one so I don't want to give two ponders reading my 4,000 things I got here today but I will anyway. Don't you think it's a good idea what about all these calls. Oh like this one Q.A.M. hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Got one for the pole. Okay. Watching figures getting you the Olympics and everything. Go on A man. And wait I got another one. Like Elvis Sko yes. Well you got a boat Democrat on there but don't you think you should have a boat Republican I mean with drugs and melman and condy. No. All right. Thought I'd throw it out there. No but those are all gay. See you got a confused. Okay. See you. Every good one. Shooter slips on a silencer marine dot rights. Did he got that on or by the way? We did. We did. I haven't watched any of the Olympics and I'm proud to say I will not. I never missed the curly. I don't give it that mudhanks is about the basketball and all the money to make it. That's great. That's fine. You know. And the meantime I still stand by what I say. It's a slap in the face. Just like that. Sack in the face of the fans. Shook down to them and agree on the NBA doesn't do it during the season. But the NHL does. Shucks are down for two weeks so that the athletes and the Ovid are in jeopardized their health and safety and maybe play with the crack foot like Chris Prong. All this other stuff. It's going on. I think it back to Moestry. Shove him. Anyway. Who did this old guy think he was coming between Dick Cheney and his selfless prey? The lock was 78-year-old Texas lawyer Harry Winnington is intensive care after a heart attack with up to 200 pellets riddling his face and body. One stuck in his heart. From Dick Cheney's designer, Pirate Seed, Brushy of Shakaan. And still is friend of his president Swift BBing him. Number Swift voting? He Swift BB at him. I had a slain that. I say not to you. Private Citizens have been listed to blame the victim. Maybe promised to winning to put himself in the wrong place at the wrong time, but he was after all behind-vise not in front of him. And the hunter performing with trigger supposed to make sure he's got a clear shot. Wouldn't it be well classy for her shoot-a-dore stress-is-divita-contristen humility? Instead, the usual sliming has begun with a Cheney camp trying to protect the vice president by casting a veteran hunter as Elmer Doug. Scott McClone told the White House press court that Catherine Armstrong, a lobbyist with government ties to owns the Texas Ranch and whose mother Anne was on a Halibut and board that hired Mr. Cheney as CEO. Pointed out that the protocol was not followed by Mr. Woodington when it came to notify the other is that he was there. As the story of the weekends, bizarre hunting accident is rents out of the White House, the picture isn't pretty. With American soldiers dying in Iraq, five-different Dick I had other priorities in the sixties and military service Cheney, gets his martial kick scunning down little birds in the occasional old man, while WWE rises by closely oblivious to any collateral damage. Don't forget the mission is a canned hunt that engages in. Right. Shouldn't these guys work on weekends until we figure out how to fix Iraq and Worldings Medicare and Gas prices? Oh, can't hunt, they make a hell of a sauce, not. This version of the most dangerous game neatly follows the forced at Bush-Cheney cycle. Step one. Set out to pick off what you think is an easy target like Quail this time, or penn raised and knitted fess in the past, or a certain sanction of the case of Iraqi dictator. Step two. In the corrupt company of lobbyist contractor friends, bots things up. Ignore the peril at hand, as with O Osama, Atorabora, Orca Trino, or the Iraq occupation, and with Steely Resolve, indulge your raging incompetence. Oops. Step three. Stonewall. Resist giving Congress information about 911 Orca Trino. Don't tell the public how you're tapping phones at home setting up Gulaz of Broad and making war and energy policy in secret. Log give the taxpayers who are pulling up for these weekend hunting trips to the extraordinary news that Vice-Chad is having companion in the face and chest. Scott McFell knew before yesterday's White House brief again knew in the Mr. Wittington was worse, but didn't help reporters. He left that to Corpus Christi doctors who spun the heart attack as an inflammatory response to a metallic foreign BB. Step four. In mid-Nomestakes, expressed him that they blamed the victim without leaving fingerprints by outsourcing the smear of the private sector. Trap lock-joke in the meeting yesterday, the Mr. Cheney was now the shooter while other ads know that Quail was always a problem for the Bushes. That's what the capital Q did. Presidential staff members and lawmakers, speculated yesterday by what the the shooter would resign and make room for Condy, if Mr. Wittington did not survive, his death would trigger more thorough police investigation and probably a grand jury. Are you crazy? What a public incender told a reporter? He'd never quit. Aaron Burr decided over the Senate after he killed Alexander Hamilton and Duel. The shooter and chief can't quit because he is the administration who even told him to quit if necessary. He'd probably make a double to take the fall. Despite efforts by Mr. McClone to joke and urge reporters to get back to the, oh, pressing priorities of the American people, the hunting debacle was more showed Mr. Cheney running the imperial show. He didn't talk to the sheriff for 14 hours. We even called a president to notify him after the 550 PM accident. Vice-lifed that to Andy Carr to call Mr. Bush at 730 to say that there had been a hunting accident, without mentioning that vice was the gunman. Soon after that, Mr. Robe called Mr. Bush back with that little detail. A reporter surprised President McClone. The vice president didn't call the president to tell him he was the shooter. Usually when there's a White House coverup, the president's in on it. Two, there's more he's out. Shorten sweet today. You go honey. So, Clarence is leaving for two or three days to go to another soy basketball game up in Boston. Oh boy. That's all going to change, or you'll see. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, God. It's in the pain is so great. What? I tried to tell you. You all listen to me. I better run the water. Have a more time than you have. All your whipped up in the studio. Just because you guys don't speak the same language. That doesn't mean that you know that I'm wrong. What does that mean? You can tell me he's talking to me. You can tell me this conversation that you had. I go on and then you mean that you think that means something else. Oh, I see. I'm not even talking about that. I'm not going to bring you talking about fart sound. Oh, no. I'm talking about everything. And as far as that goes well, that all of that remains to be seen. What is the gays thing? It's so called straight guy can do. Kiss another guy. 100 98. We're a song into beach. 143. Oh, kiss another guy. Just went to 200 even. That's 100. That's 100 per guy's kissing. We're a song into beach 143. Make it for turning his in 128. To me, I just can't even imagine anything more fatty than that. Other than, of course, this obbo govern of those stuff. I think that would be good to play that that hazing call that you took that one time. No. Okay. Guys with naval or on piercing 60 of too long and it's fondress. And it's got to do with hockey. Well, kind of. The first one. Short. It's 58. But where a. Fanny pack. Fang bag 46. Get a manicure slice. Peticure 43. Hold a small dog while driving 40. Unless you're under 17. Listen to the arrogance 38. To swear a sweater around your neck or tie one around your neck. Tie one on 37. Highlight your hair 34. Watch verb ass mountain 33. Asslapping 23. Photemocrat 21. Use body wash 17. Wear paint shirts 16. Wear a thumb ring is 15. Guys who like cats 14. Guys who like musicals 14. Watch soap operas 12. Going to the gym nine. Going to Michael Jackson concert nine. Right to school to reveth for eight. Guys who like McColle Colton 7. You ought to be sulking. Where a ladies watch seven. Chiving your body here. Six. Right attend to bike five. We're wearing colored contact lenses. Tinted three. Wear green on Thursday. If we don't do it tomorrow morning right now. People will be running around laughing their ass going. You're fair like that. You won't hit the body doing it. Wear bracelets three. Tucking your hair eyebrows too. Cry to movie two. Find carpenter CDs one and watch figure skating. Just one on their nine yet 10 97 by the bottom of the hour. We're going to have 1100 boats and then some. I'm sure impressed. Media impress. So the score and rounders. Have you seen one of them with it? I don't think of it. I'm telling you what you did to yesterday though. You guys had some good food again from John the Baker. The list is good. He's having his first. I know John the Baker from because he's almost as old as I am. He's been doing an in town for over 30 years now. So it's time to take sides with anyone against the family. Yeah. Ever. The same theaters now. When a stranger calls. I've had this problem surprise. We have great deals. We're going to the contest. We're going to see Jill. We're so thrilled to find a babysitter at the last minute. I'm so thrilled. I'm calling with all the energy from the unit. I feel that I keep on moving. You're safe inside the house. Why are you doing this? Why are you worrying? Well, unfortunately, it's time again that we have the list. Stop calling me. Jill is the police. We trace the call. It's coming from inside the house. You're coming from inside the house. Let's go. Guys, eventually, we want to do one of our top four major prizes. Don't tell a, say your money. You're going to have a big amount. When a stranger calls, I just say, you're like 12 bucks a piece. Oh, that's, well, no problem. That was a safe bed. I wasn't going to see that. I'm not talking about you. Oh, they deserve some money. I'm going to get it all my guy asked to ask. I think that where you watching that. What's that, oh, my, and that's when we see is the island. I'm on Spanish TV. Hint debate. They're having a little news update there. Oh, not for me. Nistramyers. They're more pixelating. And the greater checker publicly through that. This is the most obvious term here. Anyway, life is likely to have emerged in warm puddles of fresh water. Do you see this? No. Study pours cold water on Darwin's dear life. Life is likely to have emerged in warm puddles of fresh water and not the piping hot volcanic springs that have often been proposed as its source resources existing. Oh, so in other words, you came out of a puddle of water. Yeah, I knew that. And a sperma to recreate the conditions in which life began as revealed that the hot lake, clayfield waters that have been proposed as prime candidates are probably incapable of missing organic matter in the right way. So forget about that volcano, even though it does have certain Freudian overtones to her. The idea that the origin of life might be traced upon's warm by valve fan a key or around underwater hydro thermal vents was first put forward by Charles Darwin in letter 1871, and a theory became a surface of one of the most likely explanations. It suggested that a combination of organic compounds such as amino acids, acidic waters, rich and that's acidic waters, rich and clean and heat could have led the information of the complex molecules that kick started life. I got news for it. We got plenty of people in that building out of get kick started right now. God. Well, it wouldn't be something if somebody could actually like stand up and be a man and that sales department is opposed to like always. It's like a little kid in school. He's picking it me to spit balls and stand up and be a great body of the beat to crap bottom. Okay. Be a man. Right. Since you plan all these Godfather quotes and by the way, don't ever take sides against the family again. Exactly. A team led by David Dream or a demer of the University of California. It's Santa Cruz has put this hypothesis to the test by in hypothesis to the test by investigating volcanic springs of this sort in canchopter and right now. And not last in California. He found the contrary to expectations. These springs were poor environments for the formation of these molecules. When organic material was added to the pools, they clay particles attached themselves to it and prevented the chemical reaction that could be important to the formation of life. The findings which have been presented day at the Royal Society Conference in London. So I'm sure that's already been done. So guess that life is more like to do with emerged in shallow cooler pools of fresh water. These would have been of neutral pH with less intense heat source and the water would have evaporated frequently concentrating organic material. It's about 140 years since Charles Darwin suggested that life may be going in a warm little pond for Fessor Dean or said we're not testing Darwin's idea but in hot little puddles associated with the volcanic readings of Comchaka and Mount Lassen. The result is surprising and somebody is disappointing. It seems that hot acidic water is containing clay do not provide the right conditions for chemicals for several themselves into pioneer organisms. We found that organic compounds such as amino acids and the bases of DNA which are the building blocks for life became strongly helping the surfaces of clay particles in the volcanic pools in Camchaka. Fessor Dean, another essential ingredient for life, also became helping the surface of the clay. We saw the same thing in a boiling pool at Mount Lassen. I wonder if I'll wait in his life at any place in that boiling pool. In our experiments, the organic compounds became so strong in helping to clay particles that they could not undergo any further chemical reaction. In addition, when we introduced soap like molecules and the pools, they did inform it and membranes which would be quite a form. So they are warm puddles. Okay. Now to, I'll take a few puddles and make some babies in a warm puddle. Let's say, but we're like, begin. By the way, something have we gotten a good series of pictures to post on the website with regards to this new story? Well, I have passed along the link there to the story and the story does contain the pictures. I'm sure that if people will click on the link when they get to that, it's already they'll find the pictures. I was just wondering, I'll compare what we've got to. Is it the raw story story? No. Okay. I don't believe so. What is it? We know it's not a good story for today. It's the raw story story of Boca Brian just sent me a link to it. It's got a whole bunch of graphic pictures there. Well, how do you know that's the one that I got? I don't know. That's why I was asking. Oh, man. You really are in a porky mood today. You're going to get your tassels out. I think I sure. A little on the testies. He's going to bring me some antibiotics today since we don't have our cadet. Nobody's going to bring you no pills. We don't got that your boyfriend no more. My boyfriend. My close personal buddy. We don't have him no more. Call off the right black. He probably knows Russian phone number. That those kind of pills. Yeah, he can get you a Wilma congini like some real good Ossies and stuff. What is your favorite man? And Susan Collins was on just before. My sister that there's so many wineries in Connecticut and Maine. Thank God for massachusetts man. Where you got the fire and Britain stone guys. Like Ted Kennedy. Right? Hey, how'd John Kerry. I'm sorry. Nobody's perfect. 560560 pound five 60 Levi's in cigarette or rather slime. Thanks to Deb again. Was it Deb that the yeah. For tomorrow's pool. Oh yeah. The best cartoon character of all time. I got a really good listen. Pack there is probably not too. Although you like you said he can paste in cut and chew and guess he can. And stuff and we're irritated. I think we got him out on there. Although I don't think we got what what's what's that other cat. Which other what what do you have. Isn't the cat or a duck. Oh yeah. How the black duck. Not Donald Duck, Daffy. Oh is it Daffy duck? Yeah. That's the duck. I don't think Daffy duck is on this list. Well, I don't know what is on it. Well, just a minute. Let me take a puke at an OIA's on there. Like I said, a Daffy duck is on. And by the way, they can't eat. After him. I know George Messenet and I think everybody knows that. But we ought to repeat it again. In fact, all these like when he goes out duck hunting with the Georgian. These are all what I call fish and burleshooting expeditions. That's what I said. He's not the only one to call it that. Yeah. It's all contrived. What it is. Right. These are canned hunting expeditions. It's kind of like you can't miss no self-respecting child would engage in such a thing. But he's not self-respecting. He's not self-respecting. He wouldn't be the butcher of Washington. Why don't you go to the supermarket and shoot into the meat counter? In addition to where he's got a bull-dike daughter. So he's got a lot of issues to deal with. And he's got to take out his crust rate and some little bird, you know. And on some old coop for Texas. Right. Tell me, do you QA and hello? Yes, sir. I have a one for deals for all that could be number one. Okay. But it's probably a little too late. But I got the best one. Never too late. Do you want to hear it? Now listen. Drinking wine coolers. Right? Okay. Is it okay? That's number only. I don't think he wanted to even sell wine coolers anymore. Yeah, I guess. I don't think he'd be bigger a while there. I think they went by the wayside. There's a Mickey Cheerdog. Heck of a job, Mickey. Oh, he's a little more. That's your own security guy. Oh, boy. I feel so safe. Not being in the States. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 0 5 10 10 20 12 11 22 95 don't worryило everybody profile okay. 11 32 25 8 13 50 22 125. 9 12 1 15 22 52. Let's say we can assume that it's a why is that? To go. three things, yes, three ways. A three-tham two guys are more with the girl. And if you ever notice, not that we've ever seen either those movies where they might be going on, but you'll notice that there are a meal parts that occasionally wind up very close proximity to whichever. Yeah, that's what I'm running. Right. And you know, I have, if George D. is any off-decon, I have the forties in the 80s. Just rub it. No, and I'm not going for a moxasilin or something. And I also have more female alley pops this way. Okay, we sell those over. We can all use those. Get them away. You didn't hang up on them. Right, we'll use them. We all can use the Amor Fiend. Quick plots in the needle. We can all use a good shot of something. In fact, a tied wreck. You think of a good shot for him? A big plastic candy. He's got a rock there, a time of it. This is 5.16. It's a... What's up with your Gotham? A Spoco. And you're going to... And I'm ready to shot Guns for a day. Have yourself a down on person's phone. Alright. From your friend's away, we'll back you all the way. And then you are right to our on a gun. When you think of all the benefits you get in. Like movie tweeter when you catch your heater. Carry your life since two weeks at least. Come on and join today. And if you're married, you might be a member of the Amor Fiend. And I'm ready to go. And for the... And for the chat. And all my family. They say, well, it's not best. Try being your student. You're going to fuck with me. There's even a fan of your right to hold up. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to stay your unfetter. And you'll be born. And you'll be born. I'm 47. I wonder whether I'm going to have me doing some of those gun show with Spock's life tomorrow. I heard they start. Now, what's this thing? Cheney's got a gun. And it's crossed down and says, girlfriend. Oh, this is from a smirking chip Jeff... Which I don't want to go in to him. I said, a money a couple of times. I've stayed in emails with this guy. And they won't put a link on to our show for 11. That's okay. I still like your stories. Have you heard? Never let the stories interesting. You might. Oh, yeah. There's a great website. The story says, serious radio's Alex Bennett. Just broke a rumor that the delay in reporting the news that Cheney Shadowman and the hard was due to an effort to hide her spin Cheney's female companion. Woo! Pamela Willaford, Ambassador to Switzerland and Lichtenstein was part of the hunting excruer to Machinian Whittington. And according to Willaford's account, Cheney and Ambassador were fed by each when the shooting would into place. The Vice President's Secret Service detail had a decide what to do with Willaford by way of perhaps covering up a relationship with Cheney and thus the delay in reporting the news. The rumor goes that Lin Cheney isn't happy with Cheney's close relationship with Ms Willaford. Not even like that. Pamela Willaford, Ambassador to Switzerland and Lichtenstein. And that's how one of she speaks twice. Hello. Are all one of she knows shfarts. Well anyway, there you go. Sir, there's the Alice Dennis Duradad. How do you like that? Wow. That's really something. And that's on the serious. I'm serious. Remember Alice Bennett? Oh, I remember. I had to work the Saturday shift with him. Did you? I did. And you're still here to tell about her? I've told you all about her. Is it a different kind of thing on Saturday? No audience, you know? Oh, no livestream. You want to ask? He played a lot of things. I remember one thing. If I had the ability to do it, I'd take you out here right now. I'm ticker. I'm ticker. I've always heard about the skeletal world over here on C-spin. How about you, Herman? Tertof. Yeah. I didn't want to get to the core. Is you in the transcript that's... It's a little bit of a question. And these are in the transcript that's... He's an entrancid. He's almost as... Well, I tell you, Julie, women and Susan Collins interrogating this guy is a wimp off. Man, oh man, all of you, there's Todd Jack. Me? Man, it's a little baby rattle and a Mr. Chesward. I want my cigarettes. Well, let me ask you this, Mickey. Who did mole for those poor bastards in the New Orleans? Okay. Rally Brown or Mickey Cherdoff? Or, Ray, anogin' hit. I haven't played that yet today. Don't let me forget that. Or, what's going on? Cat's husband, Kathleen Blanco. Or, maybe a landdrew. Wait a year, this, everybody's talking about that awful, awful, burrass amounting. Battle of Cric Michigan. Ever been in battle of Cric? No, but I had sex with the girl from battle Cric. Well, there you go. That's kind of like being in battle battle. No, it was a... That's right. He made Kellogg's cereal, by the way. And this tall guy that invented that, is as you know. I remember I told you this, though, the whole story amounted about her. If he channeled a few months ago, I knew all about it. Crazy that it bedbought, right? And the reason that he invented cereal was to keep people from like touching themselves. But anyway, it's the same thing that he did. That's the same thing. In fact, they started touching it more. That would make me to get a man who pleaded no contest to waste Sodomy charge involving his sheep. He says he should not have to register as a sex offender. Unless the sheep speak that language. Jeffrey S. Haynes said the state registry is intended to keep track of people of committed crimes against humans. But Kellogg County circ... Oh, Kellogg County! I bet you didn't know I used to work at WMRR long enough off the year now. WMRR and Marshall Michigan and WALM and Albeah Michigan. That did not. But Marshall's in Kellogg County. What a place. That's where windshield was restaurant was and it may still be. Kellogg County circaged conrad sin toll Haynes had a tendency hearing that once he's released from prison, he must register with the Michigan State Police public sex offender registry. Pain 42 of Battle Creek, a quick, was sentenced Monday to 2.5 years to 20 years in prison. He ended to plea in January. He no contested, he is not admission to guilt, but treated the such for sensing purposes. 2.5 to 20 years in prison for having sex with the sheep. It's a little stiff sentence that howled was the sheep. But third man! The mayor of towns and assistant prosecutor for Calhoun County argued that Haynes had been ordered to register as a sex offender because once out of prison he could pray on children or vulnerable adults or sheep. Haynes said he's not a violent person with not assault children. The prosecutor's been really hard on me for what I did he said. But I should not be treated as a child molester. A telephone call seeking comment was left to the martial office of the Pennsylvania John B. Sullivan. Marshall Michigan, I never thought I would see that name and put again. The Marshall Redskins, you know, I used to do a Marshall Redskins football and basketball, high school football, and Masala on the Albin Wildcans. Well, those are the days now where I write my autobiography. WALM and Albin Michigan. Police at Haynes said we had to guide it was the station manager there. His name was Art Talvez's name. But Big Boss man was Wayne Wright. And we used to call his wife Alice Schurtzker. It's been anyway. Art something to it, and he used to do something to talk around say fine business, fine business. That's obviously a fine business. Somebody just lied on the street art fine business. Police said Haynes had sex with a sheep at Bedford Township farm on January 26, 2005. The animals owner caught him on the property and the sheep was found injured. Oh, maybe that's what happened to that sheep in various mounting. Looks like he got ripped wide open man. Is that how they got started? Yeah. Right up there on Haynes will add this mortar with. He has prior convictions for Berglary home invasion, autoimmune publishing and was on Pearl for Berglary at the time of the sex crime. I think Todd Rekha to get time for autoimmune publishing. You jackass, you first find this coward man. Little Wimp. Yeah, you got to help me and they still. God, is there any life for more even than a me by respect more than Todd Rekha? He may expect more. He looked like, I'm trying to think it's who we like. Bill Clinton. Okay. Wow. That's a shot. No, he used to go out those strip bars with you all the time. Bill Clinton? Yeah. No. Fat boy. That'd be 43 under the bus. Right. What is the gayest thing that's so called straight guy can do? We got 125 votes. Man, the votes are pouring in here. Kiss another guy, 215. How's that on the cheek? Both cheeks? See, in Europe, they kiss on both cheeks. And the Arabs kiss on both cheeks, but very like firmly. I'm not so sure the Arabs don't do it like three times. Just to make sure they didn't miss the first cheek. I heard they kiss them between the cheeks. Is that what it is? I heard they also kiss. That's only the Saudis though. Yeah. Kiss another guy, 215. And then, of course, if it's on the lips, well. Where are the phones at the B-147? Can you think of phone while you're wearing your phone? Makes you gayer. Make it fraternity, hazing 139. Where's short shorts? Those real short cut offs. They can just about see your womanhood. 62. Guys, with naval or tongue cursing 62. I've always been so I'm used at that expression. Manhood. Your manhood. I mean, oh brother. Well, some people live in a neighborhood. Yeah. You know, like, well, you know, some people live in a little red riding hood. And then some people live in the old manhood. Where are Fanny Pack or Fagbag 48? Get a manicurized, pedicure 47, like her own macho Kimma Bo-Kamber. He knows nobody's going to call him no fairy. For the small dog while driving 42. Listen to the new Roger show 41. All of you guys. You're fairie. Where's Tyre sweater around your neck 39? Watch Bear asked mounting 38. Tyre light your hair 35. Little streak, little dabble do you? Asked lap in 23. Now that includes either with a hand with a towel. I think the towel is even more, uh, fay. Or a ping pong paddle or a cricket bat or any other new thing. Yeah, you know, device. Both Democrats 22. Use body wash 19, like musicals 18. Especially if lies in my belly was in them. Where are thumb rings 17? Where ping shirts 816? Guys who like cats 15. Watch soap offers 12. Go into the gym nine. See they're in denial on that. Guys, you've show me a guy going to the gym. That's it. No questions. Oh, you're wrong. We go there to work out. Yeah, with each other. You're working on that all right. Go into Michael Jackson concert nine. Shaving your body here 8. That to me is such a just grotesque thing. And why oh. Yeah. I was going to say unless you're a swimmer or a wrestler, but then I stopped myself because I thought that through. Ha ha ha. Why be redundant, right? Right. Right a scooter of Fethwell and 8. Where are ladies watch 8? Guys are like McCallie, Colkan 7. I'm still sucking over that. I'm still looking my wounds from your, uh, whatever day that was Monday. Right at 10 to 25 watching figures skating for an Elvis Dico. He's there can and a brother. And remember it was it was it the last one. It was it was it was it was it was it was it 2002. I guess it must have been where they had that husband and wife team pelaty and whatever. His name was I don't know. Huh? You yes, you do you don't remember them. And they made a bid. They were talking to them the other day about some craft. Oh, give me a break. So so. So. Sorry. I'll fucking their eyebrows three. We're wearing and again, we want to make make make make move. That's why Andy Roney doesn't touch you. Yeah, maybe that's why I tip Tony. I wasn't bush you like that. I don't want anybody questioned their book macho there. We're encoded or tinted contact lenses three. Where green on Thursday three don't do it tomorrow. Watch your retired tomorrow. Trust me. We're bracelets three. A quiet movie only two and buying carpet to see these only one. Anyone who likes us all these guys out there. They like the carpet. There's never admitted. I like it. But we're doing a pull on that. What artists would you never make you like in the carpet is that we do very well. Alright. I was on my son they were both really messed up man. They were messed up. But they were good. I'll say it. I'm. Well, old past. garden said I'd be the that I like a lot of their music. I mean, a lot of it was very morbid and depressing. Yeah. He like rainy days and Mondays always. I mean, he had a sea saying and such a low register. In fact, was kind of amusing because after a dick went away for his drug we had. And she recorded a solo album. Do you remember hearing about this or not? Yes. And then they brought he came back and the other an and people. And they listened to when they said, oh, that we're not going to release it. It's horrible. She was like devastated. And he was explaining. She was singing to high. And then a big part of her charm was that the low register. She sang and that with a full death to me. Right. And she had some pipes. They did. They put it. That's what I'm hearing. They're a poor hearing. Have a salami sandwich. Have a little water. Chris, honey. Come on. Little something. John the Baker over any something for your father for your mother. Oh, I really depressing. I don't care. I still have the properties. Have to get this in the right mood. Listen to it. Right. Now, do you have, do you have good vital love? Oh, not in the computer. You don't? Oh, embarrassing. For all we know, it's time and a water somewhere. For all we know. It's up on the, up on the rack. It's probably mine too. It's probably my carpet in the TV. I got a bunch of it. Which makes me so efficient. Yeah, that's the one. Come on, Karen. Do it. Ooh. That was about as tight as it gets. I was saying. And look at the time. Oh, wait. All for a good vital love. Find a vital love. I just wanted to hear the guitar thing at the end. And I'm talking about. I said, do. And they would they talked about that. I said, the guitar is he said. I said. I said. Hey, Karen, come on. Let's go to lunch. This. I'm going to run. This. This. Five. Six. Two. Eight. This. Good. I'd like to relax. I have a very magnolia massage. My balls. I was sitting there the new writers. Welcome on our. Hey. Hello. This is Albert Kider from Tony van Records. I'm a new American infidel to buy latest. That's Stephen's collection. You know my mom. It is right. I'm so tired of your body. I got a machete with the real sharp frame. I was tired of everything. I was just a friend. I was in the world of games. I was only shooting the static. I was on the air. It's suddenly the teenage. They're mages. I can't bear it. And where to am I? I'm a little bit more tired. I'm an infidel by an X16. But to they won't win. The money for me a purchase does not go to fund terrorism. It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take in easy. The other just don't. That's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were to find our skin and the rad. If you want, A.D.T. I know that I'm a variation on the classic one. I asked myself every day. Which Americans should take? Tell me who the new home is saying. Come on, Michelle. I'm coming through the mega moment. She lives there very often. I'm a little bit more tired than I expected. So by Lucas Steven's collection today, but 1995, all you can pay with me is a metal card or weapons of nasty drugs. 12 or 4 or 5, 60, 72, I'm so sure that the jester gets that. In fact, actually make sure Eric is right now. He can stick it right on. What's that? That's not the one I had. Okay, I will forward it along and all that. Forward it to Eric. He put it on there right now. So people might have to wait. So things you all in. In fact, talk about raw. You got to get much more of the math. Speaking of raw. I've got red stuff. I find this funny or not. Maybe we can look for that song. That carpenter song. We have sick. It's hard for you to buy. Not an obscure song at all. Yeah. So we have six carpenter CDs. And that's a little album that you were talking about. Right. You have that too. Nothing. None of them have that. Well, I mean, it's not like going to be like some death if we don't hear it. I'm sure that most of our, I don't know. I'll just go and get some of those. Somehow, get through the day. Not hearing Karen's dulls and tones. And that great guitar worth 30 in. Down. And remember that? Yes, I did. Mm. Good stuff. That's the song. He's kind of morbid and depressing. Tell us just here at the end of the other. Well, you know, in other words, Volcan Brian don't have it. Or he might. That's an email to me. A little bit. You can actually email it to you. Can handle it. Yeah. You can handle it. I can go online. But I don't have to. There's all the Mickey shirt off. First you're just setting. Republican panel ripsca, Trina response. The response to government at all levels of her to her can Katrina was dismal, poorly planned, and badly coordinated, She wanted more than four years after the 911 terror attacks. America is still out ready for prime time. A house report concludes. We're not ready for prime time. It remains difficult to understand how government could respond so ineffectively the way disaster that was anticipated for years. And for which specific dire warnings have been issued for days. The crisis was not only predictable. It was predicted the committee said in the report. If 911 was a failure of imagination, Katrina was a failure of initiative, was a failure of leadership. The findings of the House investigative committee are striking because the panel consisted of a letter to Republicans. The House Democrats board had the committee after pushing unsuccessfully for an independent probe. The panel took Homeland Security. Mickey chured off the task for waiting until two days after the storm hit to activate the National Response Plan. The report also said President Bush did not receive adequate advice and council from disaster officials. The panel concluded that earlier presidential involvement matter was on a more effective response. It was an accident. A lot of people got heard. The White House also failed to decinflict varying damages. And this counted information that ultimately proved to be accurate. The committee said. The report there once said, The report there once more than 500 pages called to be sponsored Katrina, a national failure and advocate of the most solemn obligation to provide for the Commonwealth and every level. Individual, corporate, philanthropic and governmental. We failed to meet the challenge that was Katrina. In this cautionary tale, all the little pigs built houses of straw. The report said. In that cute. Yeah, all the little pigs. All houses of straw. That's lovely. So you're going to get Eric going to get that thing up on there. So everybody hop on the website. You can see all those. Go and pick through some of all those poor bankers at Abu Ghabib. The latest from the LC from raw story. It's like I said, they get too much raw than that. Well, speaking of the Democrats and how balls you they are. In fact, where is that story about that poor war hero and a hack it? Not Frank Hackett from Network. Paul Hackett. This goes to show you about your pausing Democrat party again. Okay. Bastards. With a show from party leaders, Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett, abruptly quit a ski center race in Ohio and further exposed to disconnect between the Democratic establishment and Internet Fuel Challengers. They political novice with you on the Red Tense pressure from party leaders in Washington, throwing the fields represent a Sherrad Brownie 30-year veteran. Not 30 minutes. Democratic politics more than $2.5 million in the bank. Phil Singer. Spokesman of the Democratic Central campaign committee said Hackett's decision to quit gives the party a better chance of beating two-term senator, GOP center Mike DeWan in November. Hackett, you were strongest support from Democratic activists outside of Washington and Ohio who donated money and time by the Internet, including many considered his military record and answered against DeWan. Hackett will probably have won this seat. David Neer, one of the three founders of liberal website, SwingstateProject.com, considered in the blog post of yesterday. It's much harder for me to envision a northeastern Ohio liberal Sherrad Brown, breaking the 49% very especially with the wine moving to the center, he said. I'd like that. Not every one in the world of blogs agrees that there was plenty of anger and many threatened not to help Brown, Matt Stauer, a leading voice in liberal blog, mydd.com, who wasn't involved in the Ohio Center race at Hackett represent a figure by blogger's to compete. The establishment Democrats are still more powerful than we are by orders of magnitude, well we can put tens of thousands of little race they can go off that with millions of millions of dollars. All obtained by Hooken by Crook, kind of like what goes on a QAM. But those stories the parents was beginning with this this morning, we just they were just amazing, you know. Chocking. You know what I'm talking about? All this is canary in the crap that's been going on here in my audio. And this man wants people to sign a go away card and kisses ass on away out the door. Jesus, K Christ. Man, there are people on death row for lesser crimes that Greg weed can't get against humanity a QAM, while I was there anyway. And probably before I'm sure. Long before. Here's the bad news though, more bad news on top of that Paul Hackett guy. Congress appeared ready to launch an investigation in the Bush administration's war list of Mestic surveillance program last week, but there goes that big butt again, you know. Everywhere you're looking life things are looking. We're like this whole deal with us to them. Everywhere you look there's a big butt butt butt butt butt butt. But an all-out of mine house lobbying campaign is dramatically slow the effort to make kill it. Key were public and end democratic sources say. They said intelligence committee, a scheduled a vote on a democratic sponsored motion tomorrow to start an inquiry recently revealed program. And which the NSA eaves dropped down on this closed number of phone calls emails, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. Two committee democrats of the panel made up of a republican seven democrats was clearly leaning in favor of the motion last week. They were putting the motion in the basket, but now is closely divided and possibly a client against it after Carl Roe over the other white house people came and threatened and would like to say I'm duck hunting with a vice president. That would do it for me. That would put me over the edge. That wasn't that the offer that was made to me this morning by clearance about that deal, yeah. Right, either go along with this or you'd like to go, or structure in the eye. I see. Problem is past noon at QAM. We got, let's see, what's how it ended, they didn't even look at it. Oh my goodness. Geldy, on the wonder we haven't looked. Geldy at two, and the evolving dough between two and four, and Eric Reedertree, though, do we still have no idea why? All night long, I was tossing and turning wondering, is Eric Reedert in every week. He's not even he's not with the organized agency, just an answer guy. I don't know. What we'd like to talk to her team. In fact, I made a scaldy sound more normal. Mad dog 4 to 7, Hurricane Hotline at 7, a clock from Bernie Cows, our steak house. And the beast at Bernie's at 9, 80K at 10 o'clock. Clarice is leaving us for a couple days because you guys go and do that. You have lost in college basketball game tomorrow, so we have no program director. And then, muff, assembly email, nice guy. Nice doing, he's really doing a man. You know, muff that's the same guy at the clearance, screwed over real bad, which I told him to waste this morning. Yeah, about it. So, me and me, I'm not the Harold. You know, this big thing we're doing, Kevin Vax is writing for my 30th anniversary. Yeah. And I'm not so sure I'm so happy anymore because they want to make a cover story on traffic life. And the last time did this many years ago. Mark, what was the guy's thing? We went to Washington, the funky writer, Shardin Bellinball. I can't think of his name right now. Anyway, they just did a hat-to-job. It was a picture of me sitting by the phone and they put all his glister in my eyes. And the outfit tears run and got my eyes next to an empty phone. And they just ripped me in a marked figure. That was his name. Oh, rhymes with swissir, sweets. Mark Fisher, make sure you could have been a better con. So, I don't think Kevin, I mean, I don't know what they're going to make a big deal out because they didn't talk from long enough to write a big piece about it. Oh, I'm so sad. He'll make up the rest. Nice. Like at channel 10 story. What story is that? The one that they ran on you during the late I guess it was 25th anniversary, at the anniversary or whatever it was. Yeah. Were you told the most of the whole kinds of things and they reported the opposite? Oh yeah, right. Exactly. And it was very good. Thanks, that's a negative. Yeah, you bitch. You nasty bitch. And of course, like Rosside Christie Krueger, there's a special place in health for that bitch too. Pretty Krueger? Try, yeah, I hope you get some. 12, 13, a few way. I'm attention then. Speaking of stuff. Attention men. If you have a hair loss problem, or if you're currently wearing a hair system, listen to them, it's very closely. Charles Alfie, he's been supplying designing her systems for sure. There's people. Pollutions and most importantly you, the year we dig up over 40 years now. Now most people say they can always find a hair system. Those are the bad ones. I mean, people laughed their ass off and just call them. They were like, when they look at Sam Donaldson, you got to like laugh like crazy. But how many good systems go on notice? You don't even know that they're really there. Charles Alfie, he's here. Systems are completely natural. They're designed with just right about a hair and the proper recessions. Run your hands through it. It looks and feels just like you're own here, like the real thing. And for just 99 bucks, Charlie will custom design a hair system for you. Try for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells. It's yours for just an additional 500 bucks. If people are applying, I can actually want to keep it. And Charlie is so confident that you will be satisfied. He offers you the following God, a Guadante. If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it and Charlie will even give you a back original 99 bucks. So we have nothing to lose, but that shiny ugly ball spot, and offer you can't refuse. Call Charlie today. Make it a poem to go see what his office and for a long day, he will sit your eyes down and show you how much better and younger. He can make you guys look again. It's like a major miracle right on your head. Call him toll free, 1-800-3-2-1-2413. 1-800-3-2-1-2413, or get more info on a web at CharlesAlphieri.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Two days. We'll be saying that Emily, the baby is our boy. Now in her, I wonder if the breath will be boy. Lucky little baby boy does all against the flesh. Only my old boy flies from here to back with death. The world is making such a major thought. Oh, but at CharlesAlphieri, you must be there. We have been standing back so long as she pleaded. We may be driving with stupid pouty lips. When the kid is born up, and he wins with no bell-crime. Even though he's done nothing, it can't open his eyes. The world is making such a major thought. Oh, but at CharlesAlphieri, you must be there. What lucky little dude, go have a minute too. He'll be my kid for real. He's there will be fire. The world is making such a major thought. Oh, so do do do do do do do. Oh, right. Come on, honey, if you two I am. I'm not even sure what you would say that. Can we say a fetus? One of them we're talking about. There's a good Bible law. There's a great guitar for the piano. Thank you, Bucca. Thanks, Bucca. Tricking at the head of the bass. One, that's great. And then we're talking about how unharpanted like that sound is. And it's a kick dance. Ancient style. Yeah. So there you go. Karen Carpenter and the phagent of sunset. Richard, by the way, is still, he's still touring around the world. He's tinkering on the piano. But in this he'll come in the version for it. He's a touring and to the music. Don't get me started on that crap again. Okay, that's your little American media trying to dumbing down of a miracle. And there's Brian Wayway on a heat blind. When him's in a watching movie. He makes me sick. He's like a jacket. He talks in a condescending way, you know? Yeah. Just like the story they had about chocolate son or something. Did you see that? Did he end up on his cast about touring in the chocolates? Like it's somehow a major surprise. Man, I got news for you. Okay, all you know where people got too many glam work in there. Now they don't know anything. Get a couple of smart Jews on here. And that dick ever saw brother. Maybe you could've got an airplane with John John. You think so? Christ all mighty. And cancer and Harris, too. That would've been a good prospect. Like Dick Sandy would say three birds in one stone. Oliver. Yeah, get him in there too. I'd rather have had an anti-dric. I don't know what to describe. I don't know what word to describe. I'm so I feel like I've been head, you know? I feel used in the views. Like I've been raped in it. Like, whoa, well, you know, he's not around anymore. I guess Tom, you guys can get raped into all the time. It's about time I got around you. It's feel like I've been left down. Like I've been just led down the garden path. And it seems like this is happening all the time now with a new regime, you know? Oh, yeah, you're right. And total turnaround. You know, quick 360. Let me just choose a common language. No, no, you're not understanding. I speak and we'd very clear English. Okay. All right. Not so good on the pony and the little Italian. English, I speak very, very clearly and very succinctly. You know me. I don't beat around the old bush. God or Dallas. There you go. I have a different point of view. Well, good. Screw you. Here's the story. No doubt that the audience has been sitting on the edge of their seats. What do you want to win? Is that old faggot going to get around with this story? Or speaking of faggot, Sonic? Too fary. Not true. Those are the two operative words in the headland in this story, which everybody in the Universe is on the edge, waiting. Here it is. Not true. That was Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes response yesterday to a Valentine's day report by Life and Style magazine claiming that the Hollywood Superstar in his pregnant pair more have split up. Oh my God. There's a paragraph in his story that is so funny. It's just fabulous. It should be known that the story is 100% false Arnold Robinson, a publicist for the couple of Senate statement. Mr. Cruise and his homes are still engaged and are moving forward to their wedding plans as well as planning to derive with their child. It's just, it really reached the plot of being sad, tragic, you know. The herniotic efforts said poor Tommy continues making along with this PR people to convince the world, I'm straight. You've got to believe me? Here's the paragraph you love. The February 27th of the magazine, which will be on Newstand's this Friday, says in a cover story that the public pair tend to keep up the charade of their romance until actually their babies' birth is spring. I want to read that paragraph again because it's just so true. The February 27th issue of the magazine, which will be on the Newstand's this Friday, says in a cover story that the public pair tend to keep up the charade of their romance until after their baby's birth is spring. Home is 27 of Cruise 43. There's a better chance that he's doing Sherlock Holmes than her. Home is 27 of Cruise 43 have been engaged since June. They announced her pregnancy in October. Despite the malicious fallacies put forth by life in style magazine, the couple is looking for it to were long and happy life together as a family Robinson said. A representative for the magazine said, we stand 100% behind our story. The story says this information comes from two unnamed friends of Cruise. Unnamed because obviously they don't want to go bird hunting with a BP or Tommy. Hey Tommy, you're fairie. I do like that. I'm going to read it again. The February 27th issue of the magazine is called Life in Style, by the way. Says in a cover story, the public pair plan to keep up the charade of their romance until life for the babies' birth this spring. It's getting pretty crowded there, isn't it? Tommy? Maybe that's our Kelly doing all I should. That is the best. I wonder how soon we're going to have all the naked pictures from our website, which Eric's fever is working on it right now. I think John's already posted him. John said, he's going to do that. But we will. I don't see it. I'll be doing it. It's in progress. Very soon. Are you going to be doing it? That is right or a promise. Josh is going to be doing it. And be sure to click all the way down there, just scroll all the way down where it says, how can 59,5,000,5,000, 8,7 people be so dumb on the British daily mirror. I want that picture under in perpetuity. I switch if I use a switch grass. He's using a switch grass. He must have seen that movie. Okay. I mean, he's listening to our poll today. He's a person who's in a switch grass. Oh, I speak to that Willie Nelson. Well, what a good segue. You know what? Leave it to W to do us a little talk in a little lead in there. segue. Am you segue? Oh, yeah. Every day. Nashville, Tennessee. Come to music outlaw. Willie Nelson saying, Mama's doughnuts, your babies grew up to be cowboys. And my heroes have always been cowboys more than 25 years ago. We need to stay very different sort of cowboys, Anthony. Yesterday on Valentine's Day. Cowboys are frequently secretly found to be each other. Maybe the first gay cowboys sung by major recording artists. But it was written long before this year's Oscar nominated bear ass mounting. Make cowboys gay cowboys a hot topic. You're fairly. Available exclusively through iTunes. The song features choppy, text-mix style guitar runs, and Nelson's dead panel of re-of lines like, what did you think all of them saddles in boots was about? An insider to be cowboys is a lady who'd love to slip out. Where they got a slip out from, I wonder. Back to them. The song which they viewed Tuesday and Howard Stearn said, like radio show was written by Texas Ford singer, songwriter, Nid Sublet in 1981. Subletty said he wrote it during the Urban Cowboy case. Always imagine Nelson singing it. As that Willie Nelson or Rick Nelson. Someone passed a copy of the song to Willie back in late 80s. And according to Nelson's record label, he was a cross-highway. He recorded last year with his pretty in all his studio in Texas. Nelson's appearance, her voice in movies and sings, he was a friend of mine on the broadcast mountain soundtrack. He was a friend of mine. He was a bunk-butt buddy. How do you like this? Sounds like a lot of bunk to me. Like this is some big revelation to America that they actually could be gay cowboys out there. In Texas and, right? A little homo. A Arizona. They got them on the way. They got them on the way. They got them on the way. Who believed that government ought to be making the decisions? 27 past new and five-60WM finally a TV experience like no other. Comcast digital cable on demand as easy to use in his lots to love. And today, you can try for just 34-99 and a month or three months. Why TV so much better with on demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs, program's rate of start when you say so. The programming including free movies, kids shows music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch and especially when you want to watch it. And don't forget about control. With Undamand you can start, stop, pause, we want to fast forward programs using that remote. You get a kick at all this with satellite that's for show. Without the 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule, hook a possibly acts for more. And vestable on demand is free with contest digital table. So pick your show time. Sit back and you wonder how you ever got along without it. Call today or to come catch digital cable A's field with a power bond demand for only 3499 a month for three months. Call them today and they'd count you call 305 contest and in Broward. 954, contest. Beth 합師. Leeo Rogers. I'm glad that my life made a good movie. No lumbar leaves you for best pictures trapped. I'm glad I'll land a longer than ever. Capone and broke back, mom and their game. Cowboys never did that back in my days. You're not in good love, what's up total for? Munich with love, it made me soar. The breeze wither spoon playin' my tune harder cash. Better than fillin' or cheedle and crash. Which I had a chance with reason to sack. Because once you go play, you don't go back. I'll be looking down from heaven at nights. Watchin' me over some of my satellites. If we still win, we'll end the heavily choir. We'll help me bring powering a fire. I'm dying out of here. Hello. I'm jellyfish. And I'm Mr. Isce. Wow, how's that for time, huh? He put a real good Johnny Casher by the way. That's how direct. I'm a little bit confused, of course, that's nothing new. Especially the way things are going today. I'm very confused. This story is the lead story on our website right now. A story in TV station releases new obelgarib torture photos. Which that is the story I had sent you. Now is that what we're putting on there? I'll just put it on there. I mean, just now? Well, you see if we're going to do that, then they're going to have to click on it. Then they're going to have to click the link to the article. And then they'll go right to the roster and then they'll see the pictures. See what I'm saying? I mean, they can do that. That's what you asked me to do, didn't you? No. We want the roster reality. It is the roster reality. That is the story. But the point is that the pictures, if you want to see them, we have to make like two, three clicks or two clicks. And in other words, they're not going to do it. But I was thinking as we put it right from the smack tab right on there, because most of our people are too lazy to do that. Most people are too lazy to even pick their own nose. See what I'm saying? All right. Why don't we do it with the pictures of them? How many of you have heard? Just the pictures. About a fifth of Americans think federal agents have listened in on their phone calls. They see in any way they say they get out of the pole. But you're not going to do that. I'm going to do that next break. We'll kill myself. I'm going downstairs and getting the book of brand disc. Okay. Do a nice break. Well, it's a form in a break. All right. I certainly can do that. Can I? I think so. Yeah. I don't have to run. I can just water on the elevator roll. And do a little straight grab on roll. Sing a little carpet on music. Or maybe I can just go find a wheel. I can do a little rounded round the elevator. Because I just need to clear my brains. And that too right now. I'm just so agitated. There you go. Nice going, Perry. About a fifth of Americans think the rage in federal agents had listened on their phone calls. 21% of the 1000 adults who were part of the survey conducted last Thursday through Sunday, last weekend. Said it was very likely or somewhat likely. Their conversations had been wire tapped. While 52% of was likely at all. 24% it was not too likely. And then it was a couple of percent said, well, come see come saw. The sampling here for the question was plus or minus, my so many those trace percentage points. Shortly after 911, President Bush had a bit of heat that it would put about. According to Paul, Americans appeared to be split over the legality of the domestic eavesdropping program. About 49% of the residents said, respond to the president. I definitely are probably broken law. 47% said he probably would definitely had not. And like 4% said, what you what you would be talking about. There you go. A lot of paranoid people out there worried that somebody's tapping their phone conversations and opening up their mail and reading their emails and all of these things. Okay, that's right. That's what those tapping sounds are. I didn't know what he would pick or I'll hear you. How's that pull coming along? Not even paying no attention to it. Not pushing it. We already got like 240 votes. Well, though we're 13 every again today on pushing something else. Are you really? Are you better not because I'm going down to get that envelope? I'm going down to give me that envelope. And that's another plan I went at 14 billion in the 649 lotter. And then the old see me normal. That won't have me to push around normal. See, it's kind of demeaning. Especially at this time. Not that I'm looking for anybody to kiss my ass. But with the study of the anniversary thing coming up, you think that at least there'd be a little bit of respect for the way I feel about certain things. And believe you me, I didn't beat around a bush on this one. I'd laid it right out there. And the strongest possible terms in a two-part email. And got a very specific explicit response. And then, but I mean, but if it's all it's like those are schmoth heads over there, man. They're doing their daily prayers and somebody pulls that magic carpet right out from underneath them. No one of their protesting. Yeah, that's right. Full right on there, a smelly ass. Terrible. Many more. Yeah, they don't want to do that no more. What is the gays thing a so-called straight guy can do? Kiss another guy, 231. Especially squarely on the lips. A little tongue action. Where a thong at the beach won 57. Naked for turnary hazing 155. Where a short shorts 69. Guys would mable or tongue piercing 62. As a matter of fact, I got a good idea. I think what I will do is play that hazing story. And then I'll run on Dan in the break. That was a good idea. The war that was talking about, but still that's good too. What do you mean? The fat guy call. Oh, no. The rat. What's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? No, I know. The fact that one's even better. A little bit shorter. Where a fainty pack or a bag bag 62. Get a manicure, a pedicure 50. Hold a small dog while grabbing 48. Listen to Neo Rogers 47. And don't come a little more faggin' than that. Watch very ass mounting 42. Tass wet around your neck 41. Where's Elvis said, where am I thing around your neck? Highlight your hair 36, 8. 38. This thing keeps jumping ass life in 27. Go Democrat 25. Use body wash 22. Get where that already is. Stop it alone. Please. Like musical 21. Where a thumb rings 19. Guys who like cat 16. Where pink shirt 16. Shaving your body here 14. Lots of purpose 14. Go to Michael Jackson, cause your 10. In Bahrain. Go to the gym nine. Watch him figure skating eight. Guys who like McColle's Kelvin eight. Right a scooter of FF8. Where ladies little watch eight. Little teeny tiny one. Right a 10 to Mike five. Where green on Thursday five. There's starting to catch on now. Pucking their eyebrows for wearing tented contact lenses for wearing Braithlenons three. Crying in the movie too. And buying a carpenter. See the only one. Well thank God. They love our friends. Karen and Richard. Not good. That is good. Now let's see. This is called fraternity. Guy call. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? I'm doing it. How you doing? Are you doing it? How you doing? I'm doing it. Yeah. That's great. And then the break. It'll be time for another break by the time I come back. Now I'm going to play the I'll play that later. All right. Now how about the hockey he's in a story? I think that's even load. No one is not. It's three and a half and it goes like this. Just before his 16th birthday. He tried out for the junior C team in Tilbury near Chathamontario. Well I grew up in Tilbury and I played all my minor hockey there. You know, I would have liked to play in my hometown. So it was a good feeling. He made the team at Tilbury Hocks. But he soon discovered that he couldn't be considered a real hockey until he'd been through an initiation party. I can remember the coach saying that while he's going to get to know us better and you know we're going to have some fun and you know, I thought it just gave a good time. I get to know more of the players more better and you know. You're 15. Yeah. What does it look like? What's a good time mean to a 15 year old? Well just to get around, you know, need to play players, you know, play cards or, you know, just stuff like that watch TV or something. He said that they would they be staying there overnight because they didn't want anybody drive and home that was drinking and I, you know, my kind of assumption both that was I thought I knew there was some older players there and I kind of figured that's sort of what it was about. I didn't really give it a second thought. I know when I came home with my wife, we felt pretty good about it. You know, like it was a pretty reassuring meeting. Is my first experience ever drinking? It's got never had alcohol before, but his first two drinks would leave a lasting impression. They played this little game of the funnel game I think it was or, you know, they four beers in and you'd have to funnel it down and you're throat and I mean, I thought I was pretty pretty much wasted. The party was here, the home of a prominent doctor who was one of the team owners. Scott was shocked by what went on. More so because there were adults present. Well they got two boys and I wanted to have made him strip and then all the coaches and managers and I out there with the lot of the vaccine players and they're two beer cops lying in about probably 10, 10, 15 feet away from them and they told us to do pushups with their general to go in the beer cup. They tapped and took a marshmallow. I remember he had rubber gloves on and he didn't serve it and it had the players wrecked them and the player would have to well squat over a top and try and get it in the top and it's the player messed he got seated. Out in the room there was like a bucket with a string attached to it paying over a chair with two hockey sticks in between and they make the rookie tie a string. There was penis and all of a lot of the coaches, veterans and I had all four pucks in a tail. So there's a tail was hanging on the end of the string. Yeah. There's no pucks in the tail. Yeah. A little weird. Yeah. The worst part like what I saw was the train there sitting on one of the other rookie's face and that just is disgusting with nothing left. There's a real Roger. There's a super-man's face. Five, sixteen, two, eight. The old god. The jimmy's got a good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the life of a forever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There he goes. You know how to handle that, because of the golfers. And I tell you one year, let's bring up and you walk that way and we'll surround the West Holy Wab. It's all day. I can't see that hearing. I got one in sight. We're moving on to the West Holy Wab. There you go. Five, four, five, five, five. You know, maybe here it could get that face transplant. What do you think? What do you think? Can't get a forwarded. There you go. 1249 a QAM. So there's the new book of Brian Discus in here. It's in a slide. And also, wow, what a pile of stuff he sent me. I'm giving him a list of them. I must have been laying around down there because I see my handwriting on a check. He will soon bobby Darren. Right. Right. Those are the discs that he made for you that said. Right. I asked him. And I was there. Right. And so I never come in and I'd go to again. And see the end of the thing. You know, some of these little anything interesting. They got me a show to get you. They're probably going to pay me a dollar a day. They can't get me away. It's like if you call this your turn. They get me in real matters. And I'm even there. And you're trying to follow. I'm on off the phone. Get on the phone. I'm taking a look. Yeah. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. I want to thought that we ended a little. Thanks to whoever who's this Chuck. Someone that says. I don't know. Yeah Chuck, that's somebody you see. He'll double you. Okay. In our air checks. Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, you're listening to do Robert. See. Hey. I'm going to see. No. I got to up. Hey. Glad to start with the boat. Found stuff. And if I buy Mike better get. He better get ready. Cause I might be some good jingers on these. Look out there. Yeah. Look out. My mind. 560, 560, pound 560 and the Verizon Senior Wireless Sound. Only good thing about today. It's ziplong really fast. I don't know why cause I'm ready to kill somebody. But it's ziplong really good and fast. Yeah. Just like how about a ziplong here. And that's the good thing about going down there to get the disc. See. And you know, I'll dress. Put on my shoes. So I'm ready to hop up out here to a clock and see. Choose guys tomorrow. There. Well, let me ask you. Do you want me to take off that story and just put it. A link to the raw story. Well, let me ask you this is possible. I have both. Yes. Sure. Well, then why would you want to take it off there? Like I said. I just want to link. We'll do both. Okay. I just I don't understand why this is such a project. You know, you just got the man's scared. He wants to make sure that he's doing the right thing. Oh, yeah. I got somebody scared. Yeah. Right. Oh, yeah. Right. Clarence got you all upset. Now you're taking it out on poor Josh. Are you going to start with Terence? You're going to start with Pino most of his who's taught us before before they show this morning. I documented why should I not shut you up. What? Yeah. I don't want to put your view and over over here. Exactly. That's good. You just wait man. Your days come when you're all kind of. I know. Documentary on the pearls of runaway capitalism that spot lies Walmart screened at the Berlin Film Festival of this past weekend. And interest among European contributors and TV networks has been strong. The feature like documentary focuses on working conditions at the US retail giant and argues that the company treats its employees Shabbley and pursuit of maximum profit. Absolutely. Walmart is the postage on for the worst in corporate behavior. The US director Robert Greenwald said, and interview after his film Walmart the high cost of low price, screened away large and appreciative audience. But it is not only Walmart, it is these issues that affect all of us around the world he be saying. Walmart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, has criticized the film by saying it's not an accurate portrayal of the company. Let's be clear about Mr. Greenwald's intent. It is not to present a fair and accurate portrayal of Walmart to be television and a statement last year. It's a propaganda video, pure and simple. Designed with an insane narrow, special interest agenda. It must be that homosexual agenda. Greenwald's film is his sold 110,000 DVD since November. It has been shown in a limited-tank for release in the US, it was snapped quick. Y'all. Tell them they didn't get the other room there. I'm going to go check that out again. We know the button probably. Hey Neil, if you can hear us, we can't hear you. Check your buttons. In the meantime. The hardware store worker John Fanza in the firm. Film. Greenwald reports that wages and property values fell on Walmart came to town. Images have boarded up shops accompanied by haunting Bruce Springsteen songs. Deliverable powerful message about the access to the company. The company is a new company. The company is a new company. The company is a new company. The company is a new company. The company is a new company. The company is a new company. The company is a new company. 1-Ferwen. In June of events, Dexterny is a new company. Mr Roger. For the first time you were promised to release for multiple names. It's nothing wrong, you know what to do. Parker Waka. Miss. He is an oldistes smarter than me. She's mine. must have cut out. So, now are you playing the music? Exactly. No. I thought you tried to hear any of that story for what it's worth. You didn't hear any of this story about the Walmart? We heard the beginning of it. I think we're good now. I don't know what was going on. The line was dropping. Probably a Todd Drec is back there. Stop it on the phone line in the back and the band is engineering room. Wouldn't doubt it. He's probably a poshking around with crap. That's a kind of appreciation again. Okay, as opposed to even, thank you, up yours, ain't that a crap? No, I'm not. Just nothing. Don't darken my door again, Todd. Then we're going to say that no matter who's first rings or aferin strings or who's skirt your hiding behind or pantaloonies, just do not darken my door again. You quizzing, you idiot, you fair. Yeah. Because after all, that's what WQM is all about. It used to be all about Greg, but now he's gone. All that shenanigans that was going off. That's all gone. At least, well, at least, some of it. So now it's all about Todd. In fact, we're changing the colliders from WQM to WTOD. We're not radio. And we're pop Bobby Todd with a simply by. See you in the bathroom. See you. See you. Got the WTOD at Jackpot with $108, goodnight, give it away. Find it. You've got to hear him. Well, I don't want to hear no Wilbert Harrison. Okay. I mean, take sure to think about it. Haven't you ever heard of me? No, gone. See you. I'm coming. No, no. See you. Oh, my goodness, I'm taking it. Hey, hey. I'm coming over to you, sir. What a clock it's destroyed. Are you ready? I guess it's not. So, babe, it's rather a short and slow-wave of the center of it. I do. That's a crowd of crickets. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. I'm a fan. What a clock, huh? I'm absolutely want to pee. I agree with that. Well, if I went to defa, come and back. This is a real lottery. This is a real lottery. Don't you dare pay people that use snappy albanners for their show segments like that one to two hour? Hi, this is Clay Aiken. Thank you for making my new single the number one song in America. Yeah, girls listen. Yes, we all have our moments hard difficult times when our little friend comes to visit. I know what you're thinking. Clay, is it true? Did you have menstrual cramps like us? Point of course I do. And that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and pain killer has asked me. America's favorite D.C. to endorse the onew American Mido. American Mido. For those times you feel bloated, you're clapping when you feel just sound right bitchy. You know, when you're well, you're aching. I'm American Mido. And I'm going to ask by me Clay Aiken to guide out who finished second to that no talent ribbon Steadard. And you know, I still can't believe you people voted him as your American Idol. I mean, I had no idea. There were so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone. I mean, why did all of you call from the pay phone at the onew can he buff my slice? I mean, really. I didn't want to. American Mido. For those times when life seems a little unfair, you don't want to be a director. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, hi, how you doing? I'm doing okay. Well, you know, I wanted to talk a few little bit about this paternity business that you mentioned. And they just want to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends or what does that mean? Well, it means I have to do with this. It has to do with it. But it's best friends. I mean, if it has it all sure. It has to do with the paternity and not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on. But it has to go with hanging out with the bunch of guys. I have two best friends. One is great. One is gay. I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked. They're having a desire to do either one of the above. Okay. In the paternity. Don't take showers with them. Don't set towels at them. All right. In the paternity now, we don't socialize by can showers together. If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class. He goes in the shower as well. It's not a question of socializing in the shower. Or I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternity. We're talking about hazing and initiation. It's a fraternity and group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation. When you are, when you're in the age of adolescent 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college. Whatever it may college may be fraternity is led to self. To putting a bunch of guys that are like you. What I see like you, I mean, they like the same interest. They play games for each other. They play sports. They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why. Become your good friends for life. Now, when you have a good friend and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them and part of becoming a socialist experiences. No. Well, it could be two guys on a girl. To be two girls on a two guys. It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls. The experience, sexual or not sexual is irrelevant. No, no, it's not irrelevant at all. Of course, it's not. When you're in a fraternity, your your goals are to make friends. Because because you have a friend, so because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time. And b certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them. Or that you have groups that you have them. You can do, you know, some of the, I belong to a health club and then the health club that I belong to is a completely heterosexual health club. Yeah. But the shower is a shower with six balls on it. Now, do you think that I've become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers? I have no idea. Oh, you can answer that question. The better. I will kind of this. There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point. That's beside the point. Me, personally, I do not. I say, bastion of homosexual activity, eating health clubs. I do not go and join the fraternity. Don't sound offensive. We believe you. Point of a security and communal showers and group sex. And whatnot, is not a question. What is the point of sexual? The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a woman. What is the point of making a mother? What is the point of making a young kids get naked? I'll tell you, what it is. I'll tell you, I'll give you a straightforward answer. Please. Let's bring along. When you belong to a fraternity. And I'll say it again. You belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friend for life. And part of the time. So why did you start with part of the beginning? What did for you? Let me finish. Part of the experience of having a best friend. Whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or may it whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with. Yeah. You share intimate moments. Not that intimate moments. That sexual. That sexual. What I think intimate. I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend. For example. There's something this sounds so faggot to me that even I'm embarrassed for you sir. You want to know? Sounds very faggot to me. Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys. But you're really scared to experience with anybody else. Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you're wearing. Why would you rather run? Why would you rather run? Why would you rather run? Not a bunch naked with a bunch of guys. Why do you want to do that? Why do you want to do that? What you want to do is not a question of you. You don't have a choice. Right. Right. And why do you want to force these kids to be naked? Why do they always have to take their clothes off? My, my closet friend. I love everyday. That hangs out of the showers of the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal? I love everyday experience. People do not in a fraternity walk around naked. Nor do they naked. No, you're not stop. You're probably going to stop in my house. You're going to stop in my house. Stop with a theme in the steam bath. Okay. Let's get back to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get. Make it. What is that all about? It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect for what? No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them. By you. It's a matter of lack of respect. If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to a, the grade themselves and Barerson humiliates themselves. You can order to be the part of my club. But if you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys. Who says that? Sir, I want to tell you, I want to tell you this. I want to tell you this. Okay. Without any more discussion, it's very simple. I'm going to tell you, if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend I'll pass. Okay. There's a good message for all you kids out there. If any other male, your age older, whatever age, if they demand that you take your close off and engage in some kind of naked, hanging panky in order to be a part of their club in order to be your buddy in order to be their pal, run like a bed. Run like a son of a bitch. That's the best call I've ever had in my life. You look for glory, old. Hey, man. You're going to tell that guy, won't you? You're fair, man. Yeah. Well, I think you made the point. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 106. 157. 106. 116. 109. 106. 106. 136. 54. 106. In vain excuses running. 16. 156. 126. 155. 116. to the findings of payments. Listen, last week or so you were on one of your balls you had somebody that killed the most, something something and bruise the second. What was he, I don't let out, please? Which was not seen in your life this like the most? Oh, okay, thank you sir, you're good day. You're right. God. What was the title of that thing? Oh God, heaven help us. I'm like my mind is just swimming, you know? It's kind of murky here. I'll look kind of out of my mouth so I'll let's give it a little one to run away with the reports. By the way, does leave me alone already. Where do you place? How are you told him if that Harold's story turns out to be another sliced job by that Mark Fisher? His ass is grass. He's a dead man. Oh, my no wonder, you know what the temperature is here now? I don't know, 75. Is that good to be? 40, freaking, what's the 50th of February? What are you talking about? The normal high is like 28. Okay. It's 45. It's not like sunning ran. It was a little murky, but it's a woman. I think you can like toast marshmallows on my uh... Brackham. That too. How do you like that? All right, that's 40, freaking five. But there's no such thing as global warming. Just keep that in mind. I will. As a matter of fact, I was watching the weather last night and they were showing that the, I don't know how many of that much about meteorology. I mean, but uh, they had shown the, the weather, the currents, from west to east, the, what are they called the thing? The, the, the death stream. See, I know nothing. The death stream is like from straight from west to east right now, which is one of the reasons that the Arctic air isn't like dipping down. Not to get to complex, right? It's called Miss Norcross. But, and it's saying that the projection of the rest of February is only like I like to weeks to go 13 days, it's a short month. And then like the projections from beginning on March and thereafter show, pretty much a similar pattern west to east, which doesn't allow the cold Arctic air to like I'm zooming down. How do you like that? Soon, like just past pretty much on one of this year here. Lucky you. Yeah, lucky I think global warming at all that. Nah, that's true. Man, possibly, possibly the time that everybody's drowning, I'll be dead anyway. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Hey, I was calling a regards to that initiation thing, you guys are going over? Yes. I mean, what, what happens to our old fashioned, you know, beat somebody over whatever, you know, that running around naked stuff? Yeah, that's what pans you've made. Yeah, that is that's like, gave it to me. I don't know if there must be to crap out of these guys and make them bleed and stuff like that. Exactly exactly. Maybe break a couple of bones or something. Put them in a cash or a couple of times. Yeah, time down to the football polls or something and be there. There you go. That's it. Until they bleed to the level. Hang in from the uprights until they bring the twisted yellow, you got it. Exactly. Without that running around with the underwear on the way around. Yeah, oh man, without underwear. Exactly. That's what I call them. They're sure not fooling around. Who will you like you, man? Never. All right, Neil. I would go. Ask the KMS. 560, 560. They're not fooling him and he ain't fooling around. That's all about it. Nobody QAM. Hello. Yes sir. That guy was too much. I knew letting that. Who was that? He was the best. That was great radio. That was almost like radio. That was great radio. That was great radio. That was great radio. That was great radio. That was great radio. So much for compromising your We're in the wild, from the left to the right. Ladies and gentlemen, you're the thing to look some of gold weekend. C.J. of W. The molders see. Oh, right, I'd like to figure it out. Let's go, really. Good. I'd go to the most. More scum things. More scum things. You're clean. Where's Jim Jeffers? Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Exactly. Where's Ryan and the Roden and Jay McElwiston? Where's all the really great DJs? Where's the, what's his name? What's his name? I don't really want to thank Chuck again. This is a pretty elaborate kind of course. The quality of the tour is pretty important. No, it didn't sound like he recorded it. It does. It sounds like we recorded through a strainer. Sounds like the QAms. Like a little bit. I'm sure I used to be in radio. This is Neil Rogers. Introducing that Newly Ambox Office presented by Burger King. This is a tasty burger. Every Tuesday that QAM box office will open for your chance to win to get to upcoming South Florida events. Called the QAM box office on Sport Radio 516. This is a baby QAM. Neil, God. Absolutely. Anybody here? See Jack Everman. Here is our ins your suit and for tomorrow. He's flew out of vehicles with these sometimes get out of home. A lot of polite things, Neil comes. Everybody here. He's a good Christian stop. There'll be more around their town. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. He's got everything together. I'm looking and I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm not going to see that. I'm going to see that. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. I'm going to find Jack Everman. Where do we find that? I'm going to find Jack Everman. I mean, he looks like a train. He might have a ten times more doable than this. Wow, that's just it all. I guess there were two women on this. the But the one who was supposedly with Cheney at the time the other one the car I just think he was needed right yeah, we check out the picture and Before you lunch. I'm on a right now. Okay. Thanks, Sally. All right, man Okay, tension slaring. Why now is over Cheney shooting the helping and post there's a big headline I'm looking. I'm looking uh, let's see. Probably got to click on that story when you think Okay, I'm pretty sure I can't find it but I'm having a post. I can find the helping to post. I'm just looking for that picture. No, I don't see it I see the article about the guy with a heart attack. That's it. That's old news man. That's yesterday's news Let me take a few get it What do you think has dotted it? No for father was being saved in the hospital the morgue. Ha ha ha ha That's got a cute But I don't see it to you no We need more information like yeah, I don't see it all. Maybe it was yesterday on the helping then post And anyway, I'm sure inquiry minds out there will scour and come up call for the picture of this a bitch. I mean this is a fine lady So that's kind of sounds like elements of chivalry call over again, you know I mean what would be the other reason why they want to cover it up? I mean it's embarrassing But those are your business knows the Why do you hate America? Right? It's an accident but nevertheless of these there were with some broad that's not his wife On his hunting trips, which is probably most likely and I was like a prince Philip In England who's got some bimbo in every port so they say and then he wanted to come as back to England the Queen kick get about as Betty Just a horny old Cood 40 old Nazi I guess 567 oh I guess I don't know he's not really one of them is he? Not that we really care about them. He's not now. He's not one of the batten birds 560560 pop-wood is another scandal brewing man is a big scandal coming with your vice president And it's been a there may be some shooting going on boys just with the gun WCQA and hello Yeah, I got one for two days for what I've bought you don't put it out I said one of one of them was a man crush, you know that called man dog on curvy solid talkable man crush Yeah, I would have great young right our guy who wants to give porn Our guys would clear in their polish and I'm about phone call earlier I'm glad that phone call is made because I know my son is listening I'm son if you ever come home and tell me you are going in a fucking attitude I'm gonna kick your thing Excellent, okay, okay, I've got a send in bird hunting bird dog 560560560 and a Verizon singular wireless line WQA M hello You know how you doing okay Listen, I know I've come to the conclusion that we absolutely don't want we can't handle the truth When I see the way there's story being spun them and it's obvious that people they want a fairytale I mean if you had dropped off waste a chain of your first to shoot somebody and nobody would care We'd allow that you it's true You have somebody nobody cares and then they say that this just tell it travel But if I's heart to give them a mild heart attack. I think our limit I think our limit. I think our limit spectators working on a deal where he's been it's the same magic bullet that went through Kennedy and John Conley in 63 I think the bullet that's in Kennedy traveled to his right Yeah, it was in if there was in Texas, you know It's unbelievable I think they loved rock can happen to get who old time and their kind of trouble Amen you got about him impeached their ass right Now, okay, that's what I say Although it's to me like and soldiers are gonna have just a really gay old time, you know Yeah, what those you look at that stuff and it's just so sick and just it's just And I just kind of imagine why the world hates America like the poisoning more than you just just Bought right now. I mean that it has straight people would concoct Such scenarios I see and of course in the military is that don't ask don't tell me I guess not too many people are asking no mal. Well, they don't have a car zero your girlfriend there Lundy Linda Linda and Linda I should do it too much. I'll think about it To me all I guess she was just doing everybody, you know she kind of like equal opportunity Slot she was friend and around that she had my baby yet kind of spreading it around like we used to have In certain parts of our building there. Yeah, what I mean 26 after one at Q a m Absolutely want a pupil Yeah Money morning and alive from the Olympics Yeah a Torinno and the white world of the Me hit the list the rating is seen Freddie you fighting yeah How they interjecting a delightful mixture humour is comments sn too they Can I write those Trying to live an at both or dot Federation competition, whoever gets done placed and washes their hands wins a map. Pretty exciting stuff over here. The Reno hat. Oh, I have once had a Ford Torino. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Now we go from the loop to the loop. Just how you get it, it's a loop. There what we have here from the left to the right of your video screen. The bunch of men this might not be the slow on pop of each other. Yeah, the how unexciting this is to why not like my show. Oh, what do you mean? This is very exciting. Oh, I'm getting a check for this. As I said, this is slow exciting. I think we should join it. So we're going to go and jump on the loop like this. Oh, no. Here comes the curtain. There we go. We're going to go and jump on the loop. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's so hot. Where's the first? The first. I'm going to win. The second. I'll fly it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. One thirty two twenty two a few. And why is your story from Golden Township, Missionians? We're going a lot of weird stuff happening in Missionians. Before you did that, I want to thank David and Lynn for giving us very detailed instructions. How to find that story with the picture of that one. Have you find it? Yeah, and I sent you a link to it, and I sent a link to Josh to put on the site. I'd then forgot well he wasn't adabbergue men covered spinal k-l-bo-ocurred k-and of is right in the week at the dement the seminar Donnelly is a You better lie, sir, Mr. A man was shot and injured when his hunting partner Mr. His elbow for a squirrel of 30 said. He's seen he'd taken on a four-vice president. There's a lot of people out there with bad eyesight. Michigan State Police at George Arthur's Sikanga. Not Hizinga, Sikanga, 64 of Muskegon, was wounded Sunday morning at Golden Township in Michigan's West Central Lower Penisula. Sikanga was wearing camouflage clothing, Siffer and Orange Hat, which he had covered with a hood. After sitting down behind a tree, the Muskegon Chronicle says, his clothes elbow was all that was visible of him when his friend Gregory Scott Wood approached him behind the tree. He saw that orange damn, but a big, there we go. And far to his weapon with the looting to be able to describe his 17 caliber rifle. Sikanga was transported to a local hospital where his treated and released. Police are investigating the shooting. Here like that. All right. His left elbow was sticking out. 17 caliber. Yeah. I'll pop it. Say one thing, more. A lot of people looking at pictures on a website. I could barely get on that damn thing. So in other words, you emailed me about that. You didn't want to fact me. The picture probably wouldn't be as good. Wooden is a color picture. It's a very nice and full color. And she'll be right over there. Alpen it up a line. Army accepts crime and recruits. Ready for this? That's how desperate they are to find anybody stupid enough to one list right now. Somebody was like suicidal would be good. Struggling to boots and trunks and wartime. The Army is sharply increased the number of recruits who would normally be barred because of criminal misconduct or booze and legal drug problems. Once again, raising concerns that the Army is lowering its standards in their voting goals. This is an E. Baltimore Sun, a lot of them put the situation into the presents over there. Right. Oh, yeah. They should have a really good time over there now. Last year almost one and six Army recruits had a problem in their background, and voted to squalefide them from military service. In order to accept them, the Army granted specific exceptions known as Recruiting waivers. Also the people at the Recruiting station. Everybody goes by the way. Like an ootellipurist. Recruits with medical problems made up to largest single category of those those given waivers, however, the largest increases among recruits of the history of either criminal conduct or drug and booze problems according to that provided by the army. They like that. Despite the increase in the proportion of those accepted with problems in their background, and spite of all that, the army still failed to meet as recruiting target. 74,000,000 recruit short last year. There you go, John. Instead of worrying about Bob for a move in this one and that one, all the other, you have to be right up there on a table. Maybe you'll go like that. Maybe you'd definitely like to volunteer. You look kind of like right off his alley to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've arisen in singular wireless line. What a hoot. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is this QAM? This is us. You guys. I just wanted to make a comment to Neil. Go ahead and have your speaking to him. Oh. Hey, did anybody notice what that caller sounded a little bit like I were wondering? Ha ha ha ha ha. Now that you're making it. And you notice we don't hear I would know, well we got Pat Rodney in his place. And, uh, don't you think that the wind friend would love to run naked on the beach with Miami heat? It wouldn't surprise me, especially with, yeah. Just just a comment. I heard that Iris favorite song was hanged down your head, Tom Dully. I could be wrong about that. Yeah, that one picture boy, they sure missed something pretty obvious. I mean, it kind of like top right out. I'd mean, you know, I looked at it. Even you noticed it. Uh huh. I mean, unless the guy now is possible, he got three feet. It's possible, but not only. Oh, I look at it a couple of times. It looks like one foot to me. Right. Actually, okay. Half a foot. Calm down. Restrain your song. That's hard. Yeah. If he was that messing with me, what is the, uh, Gase thing is so called straight guy can do. We got how many votes, a lot of votes. 1,300 and a set almost 1,400 during the show, baby. And that's that we didn't have a head start. I think we're going to have a head start with a cartoon. Iris probably working feverishly on it with three pages of stuff. I've asked him, he's probably not too happy with me. Cartoons. What? We got Cartoon with a cartoon characters. Oh, it's a guy got it on there. All right. This man is unbelievable. He is just shocking, even while alien. Yeah, feel better. I feel this. What is the gassing? So called straight guy can do. Kiss another guy 2865. We're a thong at the beach, 174. You know, I just got to check one more time because I'm just in shock. I was going on here. And maybe that's not that significant to you. I'll leave. Yeah, still it's 45. And it's only like 130. If it's 45 now, it may get my close to 50 by the time we're through with this. What do you know? How do you like that? Kiss another guy 265. We're a thong at a beach 174. Making fraternity hazy 174. We're a short short, 75. Guys with naval or tongue piercing 66. We're a fannie pack or bag bag 55. Listen to the arraggies 53. No question. Get a manicure of Peticure 53. Hold a small dog while driving 51. Tires sweater on the neck 48. Watch Bear As Mountain 45. Highlight your hair 42. Just a few streaks. Both Democrat 28. Asliving 27. Like musicals 24. Use body worst 23. Shaving your body here 20. Where a thumb ring is 20. Eyes will like cats 19. Where pink shirt 17. Watch soap operas 14. Watch the infig�ating 11. Go into Michael Jackson concert 11. Go into the gym 10. Fucking their eyebrows and your eye. Like Andy Rooney needs to do. Boys who like a guy who like McColle Galkin 9. Right a scooter of F. 9. Where ladies watch 9. Where in colored contact lenses. Tinted 6. Right a tandem by 5. Where green on Thursday 5. Where bracelets 3. Quite a movie 2. And by your corporate or CD. Solument they own. Karen is so proud. This and so real Roger. This is 5. 16. Jesus. I just thought that that that that that that that's all you. Ever told you may. He may tell you. Everything is traced. There's other spaces pushes watching you. For your answer, rain. He'll be something. There's no such thing as privacy pushes watching you. For how you see. Don't leave for me. Given God's own clear. For you and all that shit. Never seen no day. Never was you seen. From the simple hell to that be for two. Go push and watch with. Go call it on tape. With the feet I say push and watch with you. Mr Gonzalez is the true review is White House Council. Realme the memo which basically okay is the use of non-traditional interrogation of combatants aka torture to gather information. Oh that is not correct. Mr Gonzalez, what do you like a minute to think about that answer? No center line. Okay one more time Mr Gonzalez. I never saw. Now before I release the dollar Mr Gonzalez, may I suggest if you like your family jewels and one piece. Senator I never told you you'll give me a chance. Okay. There now what mad easy. No. Okay. Now let's move on to your stand on Roe V. Can I have the jumper cables move a little lower please? I had to get in both in the boats so that. Now if you emailed me something it must be often the Easter egg somewhere. Has it ever came to me? Huh? Are you still got that? Huffington post page? No. I can go right to it. All right. All right. Let me go to it and I'll do it. I'll let it go. Cheney to break silence. Interviewed by six o'clock. Guess whatever he's going to be on. Back. There you go. Okay. The Huffington post let me go to that home page. Tension's clear and White House. You know what? I just grabbed the slider bar at the bottom and slide it over to the right. The slider bar at the bottom of where of the page. In other words, the stories actually on the right side. You know that collage picture that they have over there. Yeah. Cheney shooting. Right. Look to the right of that. There's the picture of Frederick Murray. And you can click on. Oh, that's it. Yeah. You can click on that picture and it'll blow up big. Oh my god. Yeah, baby. That's a guy. In fact, can we put your hand over the hair over that hair piece? I don't know. Nice chisel. Sure. Sirius' radio's Alex Benagis broke a rumor this is what we had before. That the delay and reporting the news that Cheney shot an old man in the heart was due to an effort to hide or a spin. Cheney's female companion. Oh my god. Pamela will for a show on a ride. Meas. Well, what do you expect him to be doing? Some of the hot chick. He's the VP. I absolutely do. Ambassador to Switzerland. And well, and yes, look and see who was part of the hunting. What was this exactly when we had before right without the picture? And according to Willowford's account, Cheney and the ambassador were side by side, or as they say here, side by each, when the shooting of a winning tender place. Maybe he was a little bit distracted, huh? Well, when he's getting ready to shoot that rifle and she, he reads over and put her hand on his piece. And like he shoved off on the side. Maybe he was trying to shoot her in the face. I didn't think I was really going to have to hit that today, but I did. Okay. Yeah. 1405. Well, he would've done a public service through. He would've done that. You're just, you know, just all over the place today. And I think I know why. A lot of pressure. Okay, can I read this piece? Okay. Cheney, because you think you're getting, you think that I don't speak the right language. You don't speak the right language, Mr. Let me tell you that right now. You're deluding yourself. You're in Lala Land. All right. You've been, you're just too easy. You know, people think you're a hardened old-spick. You're just too easy, man. You've just been worn down. Vice President Tick Cheney, playing the break of silence today. This first held rise in the good, but the Texas hunting accident. And what's he shot a 70-year-old lawyer? I wonder if Fox News is going to ask him, who was that nasty looking old chick with you, huh? Huh? I doubt it. Cheney was to appear on Fox News 10, let's see. He hasn't spoke publicly about the accident. Senator, and a lot of people are getting pretty peered about that. I'm having a nice, a slice of provolony cheese here. Ooh, before I hit out to him, would buy him. Whittington was in stable condition of the Amphus summer-mile heart attack. We know that. And that was the magic full of again. A cow off that stretcher in Parkland, hospital in Dallas, and travel all the way down to the Corpus Christi, and it's a zapped its way into poor whittington's heart. That's what Arla Inspector said. But today he's sitting up on a chair eating regular food, and planted this in the attorney working his hospital room. Right after they removed that big 85 foot long cue. Critics said the Bush administration called for more of an explanation from Cheney about the accident, when the vice president was aiming at Koyol on a ranch in South Texas. Then he evidently moved out of the way. The interview was scheduled for two PM and Fox said experts, experts, experts, to the OIC, in other words, it's one of those tape deals. And then he'll look at it and he'll have all of his goons look at it. And then anything should be that's right. And it says about it. I thought there's a long story over there. But there ain't much to say. So that's her, huh? And we'd better put a link to that on there. To where our website's going to be just all loaded with all kinds of crap. I'll be ready for it at the law. All right. I don't want to have Eric coming. Are we going to hit like 400 cartoon characters to put on? Or was she dead already? Shockingly. How many QA and hello? Me? Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. You have to check out this movie called Lord of War. Have you heard of it? Never heard of it. I would have never seen a movie with Nicholas Cage either, but Neil, it is so awesome. It's got great one-minors throughout the movie. And it tells you what countries do with their stockpile of weapons when the war is over. I knew like, Gary's here going to love this movie. What are you doing later? I'll tell you. I'll pay you. I wish we could see it together. You're going to pay me to watch it. What is it called? The Lord of War. Have you seen a George? No. Oh my god, you guys got to see it. I'll tell you how this works. I'll just pretend Nicholas Cage is not in a look. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Neil. See you. Bye. Wow. I totally don't like you. I got some spa machines to pay. I beg your pardon. I said, I totally don't see you liking that movie. Oh, God. I haven't seen it, but it's about a guy who sells guns to people. Oh, really? Is there a genius? Oh, no. Maybe he could play the penguin if we ever do it like a Batman part five now. I can see it with what it was a cigarette. No, there's there. I've never seen an urges murdered together. No. You only have sand part of it. It is urges murder. They wouldn't know. In fact, you know what I'm saying? That's the ganzales thing. He said, I'm going to ask you one more time. You know what I said? I think we started to trend from coast to coast and pull it up post. I'm not going to, uh, as a little bit, we'll save the cartoon thing. Because, you know, I mean, I'll put it on like tonight when I come back from a feeding all in my sheens, man. But I just, you know, because I think we got them all on there. And then we can add some more tomorrow, right? What about the warfinany? Was that a cartoon or just a comic strip? I don't recall it. What have been before my time, anyway? No, no. The top cartoon characters are cartoon characters. Okay. Can you talk about it? Can you be like Harry Worth? Harry, how much is Mary Worth? Eight bucks. About third man. About as much as this guy that, uh, Cheney was drawn up with this. He's a meal. They were under the sun and we were just going to be able to like Dollar guy. By 16. Hey, Dick, you first. It's day. Mary, by having a child. Oh, at five six. Oh, WQA. A fighting soul. You're told to lie. I've never been between his thighs. I don't care what he might claim. I've never done a green ball-rated. I hate to sound so crazy. I've never gone the back door way. Let me say, Better good buffet. But I've never done a green ball-rated. You're fair. Yes, Clay, eat into I-al. And I've never touched a military man's hand. Though I do, my trousers may. I've never done a green ball-rated. I swear I've never done a green ball-rated. All right. Don't worry, I'll greet him all the way. But I did. So, RGS got a ride. Did you see this during the having been post-began ban? Which one? I read a call. I can't pick a quick two of the real story emerges. I was looking at it. Yeah. The real story isn't emerging already. If you're willing to do a little digging, Tainian would intend when hunting would two women not their wives. There was some drinking, would intend on deaf shot. I don't have time to read the whole thing. I already sent it along. At Kassan Armstrong, she was the broad in the car. She said she saw Tainian security. You tell her right in towards the scene. The first thing we crossed my mind was to hear a heart problem. She told the AP, meaning a chain of course. Another word she didn't see the accident. Oliver Stavman's replay with colorful sidebars about getting peppered pretty good. He had the false impression she was in eyewitness. She was not. And Dr. David Blanchard who made light of wooden fins injuries come to find out he's a vice chairperson of World Hope International like Christian Evangelical Aid Group. So, Cheney was drinking. Was there anything inappropriate about the hunting party? A lot of good stuff in here. Tainian, Tainant, that is the beat goes on. You're always coming up next to scrap yourselves there. Bye bye.