Time for us to get out of here. Neals coming. I'm actually we'll see you Monday morning. Have a great weekend. Thanks for listening. Okay, we can't play any open because the or any ID. Any point in mind before waterdale is it back? No man. That's going. You know it. Because our audio volumes don't remember when we tried to talk about a body on your whole way. We've been beginning about a whole week. We're warning them that it was pro to crash and the edge of my share. And it's a piece of crap. What do you guys know? What do you guys know about it? It's not going. It has too many studios so that when one crash then it will. That right. It's that you had one per bag. So that means we might not have a whole lot of spots being from the wild. Well, shut the ante. That's right. You first. I miss it so far. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. What just about anything. But that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an SBO. But at first it's very dangerous. So I didn't turn this coffee sucks. Yes, every morning. See I miss was new a table. Other people's calendar this. I'm the air. I did a hammer to bite into this month. I'm not so many of that question play. See his wild behind the scenes at it. I listen to me. I'm a man. You're all a wall. Cook hook at you. And I get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So what's the deal with the call? Topical. So what's the deal with his water game? He's in coherent. I'll tell you why that. He's a double. I'm a little rascal. He's five. He's five. He's going to ring. And he's only on M.S. NBC. I take old channels. Nobody watches. And a bunch of M radio stations. Nobody listens to him. Somebody got some fresh jingles. It's Iris. He is a hoot. Any. He's a real old coot. And a hoot. QM sports time is 10.01. Don't forget to marinate in your clock pack. Oh wait a minute. We didn't do that right. We didn't do what we're at. It's five. Or QM sports time. Yes. Oh yes. Four. Seven. 10. Call back and spring ahead. I mean, if you can't remember that thing, you'd remember that thing. You'd remember that thing. You'd remember that thing. That's your way of doing remember. That old. You could just say. Spring ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Except ahead. And now on the spring and then set it back and out. And a fall tomorrow. I said, when you go to bed tomorrow night. Or you can wake up at two in a morning and turn it back. To be honest. Speaking of stupid. One of we're going to stop this stupid practice. Exactly. Think of a time. And let's make that the time. Yeah. Pick your nose. Pick your butt. Come on. I did two in a morning. We turned a clock back. And now we're going to start our sleep. Which is really good. I'm going to keep that in mind because that means that for Sunday. I can send Josh next to 50 stories. Great. Love the next. Okay. I'm going. Huh? Don't get carried away now. Why should you send a single hand? Another idea was suggesting before. I think that was a weiner. Speaking of weavers. Jackson's ice cream problem. We celebrate in their 50th anniversary. It's bringing ice cream and weavers for the guys today at about 1130. That'll be 1130 sports time. Here's our poll results from yesterday. 1616 vote. 1616 will be. To the old queen. Halloween is fun. 683. That's right. A little bit of fun for overgrown children and children. Only for little kids for 51. A knowing 159. 1117. A wasted time 71. I hate this poll 55. Which craft 49 and dangerous 31. You see there in the get skis it would be the ones that would vote which craft. Because I'm going to read this once before you're zero this sample. A lot more people said which craft. Because that's because I hadn't chased away the religionists back then as well as we've done now. In fact today's poll will be read down on for you. Take a look at it. And thanks Sean for this poll. Sean by the way is a gaping at it. Most of the world's problems are caused by their 934 votes already. Holy Jesus Ratman. Religious intolerance since when I voted and so did most of you. If you're in 86. 3, 2, 79. Ignorance 140. See the ignorance and the religious intolerance go hand in hand because you got to be pretty stupid to believe the get skis stories. Oh brother. Wow. How dumb if you got to be. I must of course you're brainwashed. I mean really heavy duty when you're a child. Usually works like a charm. That's why it almost cracks me up a little bit if I weren't so pathetic when they show those pictures of the kids in Pakistan and Saudi. Maybe all the Muslim kids in there sitting there and they're rocking back and forth and reading the Quran. And of course me and while everybody else did use the blame they're looking at them taking all my God. Look how barbaric they are. Yeah not like us. Corruption 68 over population 47. I hate this poll only 13.1.3%. How do you like that? You have to jackpot Sean. Nice going. Just keep gating at it. And natural disasters, so lament they all know there was none and now all of a sudden finally one out of nine thirty four. I think we can get to that thousand easy by the bottom of the are and then we can go home. Alright. That's good. So that's the poll news and the Jackson's ice cream news. Here's some a DIY checkpoint news and George was told me that when I was in vacation last week. Was it last week? It's like months ago. I've got to take another one. I'm not going to take another one. I'll see. The broad sheriff's office. When I was on vacation, you were passing some of these along. Yes I was. And of course they do post these in accordance with the Supreme Court ruling in very teeny tiny print right hidden on their website. Right. But some of our listeners are astute enough to keep us up to date on this so we can pass them along to you. So don't. The ethic and all booze stuff like Josh and in driving tonight because they'll put your ass over. It's tonight. The BSO DUI task force and conjectual agencies and municipalities will conduct a DUI checkpoint operation tonight. From about 9 p.m. till 3 o'clock at a morning. In the 1700 block of East Oakland Park Boulevard in Oakland Park, where you don't want to be going over there anyway, do not need. In pair drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced. The information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling. Maintaining prior announcement of selective enforcement activities. It says that in real teeny teeny tiny print. 1700 block of East Oakland Park Boulevard in Oakland Park, nine o'clock tonight till 3 o'clock at our morning. The DUI task force will be pulling your ass over and giving you what for. I'm going to put that over here in my pile of the week again. Don't let me forget later on. We'll let you forget. Hey, don't forget. Here's a piece of S.C.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A. A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A!A.A.Aa.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A. is this fine is that they're getting good on the year or not be honest right oh charge yes actually i've never heard of do a show i've just heard of do updates and he does a fine job and updates he can actually speak a he's not like a little bit like any more than well and let me not a little bit just can speak he's got a he's got a quarrel i mean if i have a function name if i really cost me can be on a mission be seen worldwide and certainly more than his can be honest horseball station especially on a Friday night anybody who's listening to radio on a Friday night go out and get a life where you please i have no life like to think it'd be driving around to a i was thinking the other day you know since uh a somebody went off the year at nighttime on i and z i don't think it back in those days on wdeus news and actually along court and he was the one who started maybe that's why his kid Kevin court and he went ahead as we can show their an i would do is riffin me and ask for some how many people have trusted they were going to make a big career by riffin me and ask on the area all of them like dicky farkle and all of a guy joe we oh joy go rego oh Greg oh yeah who's who's claimed to fame was that he kept talking about his girlfriend's vol movement so it was that was uh never was top again fast new he was on the year for like about five minutes in the lady broadcasters whatever they call that the organization gave him a word is they broadcasted the remember that no yeah i i don't know if that was all about anyway he was not very long and then of course there was always a chic a chic therapy he was me a long time after i'm sorry haha oh no hangar is rabbis demand boy be research inside but there's a lot of circumcision stories this week not yeah cut the crap a boy on the verge of his bar mitzclos told he was not properly circumcised and therefore was not Jewish ortholox rabbi's and Sydney australia said he had a be research and size within four days of the ceremony which marks the traditional Jewish boys to adulthood 13 couldn't go ahead the boys mother the journalist Ross Reyn said she was shocked and sickened and refused the second circumcision he's undoubtedly circumcised it just matter degree she said she was able to arrange the ceremony on the same day this month and a progressive synagogue a more liberal version of Judaism and otherwise not his from in a court and to a Jewish practice the boy was circumcised when he was eight days old it was done in a hospital by Jewish doctor and the presence of a rabbi but obviously he cut on a bias misrains a convert to Judaism fully ortholox rabbi she wouldn't contemplate an operation under general and aesthetic four days before the ceremony i said that's not an option they then tried to persuade my son but even if he said he wanted to do which he didn't i wouldn't allow it imagine if he got an infection it's not a good thing to say but those people have gone mad on their power she said it was so hurtful to be told or son wasn't Jewish if he'd been in Nazi Germany certainly would have been consigned he certainly would have been consigned to the ovens the australian jewish news quotes one of the rabbi's moisha gutnik as saying though i'm under he's given the macey public as saying the progressive synagogue was fooling the child of the believing he was Jewish for when i would like to know is how did they know uh the uh nature of his circumcision you know what i'm saying i mean i didn't expect to get out of here they checked rabbi got next to the noticing complaints circumcision as they prepared to take a drop of blood from the boys penis to symbolize his orthos converge nine never heard of that before maybe that's what Mark told you we kind of do they call a moil a ritual circumcise your confirmed need to be done again they prepared to take a drop of blood from the boys penis it symbolizes orthos conversion why should never heard that one although i would be a good line to use i guess for some people a no burn moil doctor hercial goldman said yesterday a proper circumcision required the whole head of the penis to be revealed when it went do we test that no but often you can see he said he said the boy was a convert which required him to be circumcised except the commandments and take a ritual bath if he was already circumcised the ritual drop of blood would be taken instead i sat down here it's a trap you can't have certainly sat for the boy and his mama to you mama f***er f***er take a drop of blood from the boys penis oh man are we talking about nine hundred and seventy two votes on our pool by the way for the full watchers out there very jackass discovered the summer ratings came out when did they come out of week ago today yes exact that old uh bufoto gym certainly he hasn't discovered yet and of course uh very jackass who's on the payroll probably got a cross-and-street he has he doesn't recognize the fact that the show exists well done or no midday members here maybe so seven ninety uh maybe it doesn't exist seven how you'd take a tight in the gap against wqm and the latest ratings book qm may line up changes August 28 ratings have not broken down before and after i got news for a after they are broken down all right f***er f***er f***er f***er f***er f***er but they just went on the air those guys knew like you'd get a chance for a price save the ticket which has a business relationship for the payroll very puts in their due to flee led in only one time slot seven to ten a.m. with a two point six year among many just twenty five to fifty four compared with wqm's two point three wqm had narrow leads from two to four p.m. and four to seven p.m. he didn't tend to two doesn't exist doesn't exist we had a seven point three they had a one point one so if you want to compare numbers i mean they are on the air midday last time i checked very you jackass you nerd you couch potato you piece of craft you you're fairie overall wqm ranked thirteen to the market and i keep in a graphic group with a three point two down from ten and a three five in a spring book the ticket was twenty-eight with a one point eight up from twenty fifty-five and a one point three in other words i put them together you got the number hey we take a break by the way we do we have a ability we have a ability to take a break we should know that that's good to understand that when it comes to getting the spots on here that's the one thing that they're going to really hop to on hop sing and hop for the hot on yeah hop on this nine hundred eighty votes on a poll once we get to a thousand man we're shutting this baby down playing music all this is we all right come on up to which radio you're sixty it's a 12 giddyror so I'm a little scared of the truth that I'm a being a jan But I'm a brave woman, but I'm a being a jan Take a peek at that, about two boats I'm a brave woman, but I'm a being a jan So it's either scary, this face is scary Then I'm a being a jan Don't take no chance, it looks like Charles Lens It's the only being a jan But I'm a brave woman, but I'm a being a jan Can I see, sorry, I got caught on at the Fony region I wasn't that was busy looking up on the internet Sorry, and there you go again, nothing is deliberate Obviously it's another attempt by clearance to try to screw us up And throw a monkey wrench into the words But not working as a clearance though Not working too well Thousands and two boats on the pool that means we can go heavy duty music rotation Here on QM, where our sports time is 1018 An environmental protection agency whistleblower who is long argued that Origency failed to wish your proper warnings about air quality And the difference in the disaster site as level new accusations against the agency According to raw story, the air is really raw And your thoughts get raw, your eyes are getting red and sore As raw story reported this past August, Kate Jenkins and EPA biochemist Empleted to the New York Congressional delegation, alleging that the inconsistent official reports About inhaling alkalinity, where part of an intentional cover of our government scientist at officials Jenkins later 60 page documented dressed at the acting inspector general of the EPA Is enlarged far to compilation of our previous allegations but also claims to offer new evidence That criminal fraud is to blame And the latest report Jenkins contends that by failing to report that some of the particulates in the air Constituted a severe health hazard, I'm wondering how do they get that drop of blood out of the boys penis? With a knife Get out of here with a knife my ass I'll get along night with a knife Probably with a pen they probably have to prick it with a scalpel In the latest report Jenkins contends that by failing to report that some of the particulates in the air Constituted a severe health hazard, and by suppressing the results of test for the presence of other toxic chemicals The EPA misled the public about the dire health consequences of remaining near ground zero Our participating in the cleanup effort today is following me attack Ten of thousands of cases of lung disease have reportedly resulted in a exposure to the smoke and pulverized a breed that hovered with a severe disaster for months after the towers collapsed Earlier this year federal judge Deborah Bats ruled that any P.A. director Christine Todd Whitman had misled residents And rescuers when she pronounced that the air quality in the warm Manhattan met public safety standards And assisted me to need the residual mask nor respirator and now we get all those people going I'm dying of the air Just like that Thousand nine votes on the pool Religious intolerance that's where creates most of the MA hem and slaughter and problems in the world heat generates hate That's the two things they do best generate hate and make a lot of tanks exempt dollars That's what they do best not that's all they do speaking a circumcision by the way tonight We have a run on at this week in these stories. Yeah, you did Lawrenceville, Joja And immigrant from Africa's gone on trial and charges alleging that he circumcises two year old daughter With a pair of scissors to avoid bringing shame on his family. I hope they were safe. He says it appears to be a groundbreaking prosecution for a case of female general Medilation in the US said cannot be an army executive director of equality now a New York based human rights group that focuses on violence and discrimination against women and girls around the world Collied at them could face 40 years in prison If convicted and queen of county on the charges of aggravated battery and cruelty to children Prosecutor Mary a Marty first ignores that odd him who is born in Ethiopia is from a culture that practices female circumcision But circumcision is just a nice way of saying mutilation first told the jury and his opening statement Tuesday There's no doubt that she was mutilated and this isn't something go to a doctor and do because their doctor will do it. He did this to his own baby The practice of tradition in some African cultures. I wonder if Madonna's going to circumcise that kid that's a kid net. I mean it's a adopted Lotterna has partly publicity stunt. Maybe she'll do it herself with her teeth The practice of tradition in some African cultures is widely condemned by human rights groups and has been outlawed in the US since 1997 Oh, how man Yeah, police have said that autumn used scissors to circumcise his daughter and their Duluth apartment in 2001 The charge mother said she didn't discover it some more than a year later. He did not do that. He never wanted to happen to fence attorney W. Mark Kultle the jury. He will say to that and that only leaves two people the people were primarily taken care of the child The mother of the grandmother. Maybe the girl did to herself. Yeah, that's it. First said the girl told that County authorities that her father cut her the prosecutor quoted autumnist saying late 2002 and early 2003 that if the girl were not circumcised It would be ashamed of the family. He said he wanted to grow to have it done so she'll not be from iscuous first He also said on him implied he now ready circumcised the girl. Hild on out. Never made name. There's statement says how the victim is mother could not have known for more than a year The girl was circumcised. He'll said fortunate at him. That's her name. Fortune Adam Salagations stem from a nasty divorce and a custody battle over the girl How unfortunate Everybody can make a baby and take any great to scale all these people making babies all these elunatics 2012 votes on the pool. We are really off to the races. Let me tell you that right now. Oh sworet squeak Michigan speaking of the races A plastic bottle with foul foul smelling contents that was found in a men's bathroom at sworets Creek high school two weeks ago prompted any evacuation in the visit by the bomb squad not that we're in a state of panic you understand in the country We're in a state of panic Lagres also the bottle contains spoiled milk The bomb had been sitting in the students locker was left on the ledge in the bathroom the central reported to is they was found October 9 Officials initially said they believe the container mix of household chemicals You know like those dangerous chemicals are gonna make a mix on the plane when I got a killer all of us It looks like it was chocolate milk old spoiled under pressure a superintendent jet prats said pressure from the school milk And apparently caused a bottle where span making it look more suspicious Prats said school officials aired on the side of caution noting that possible threats can't be taken for granted To fully officers and three of them remembers of the bomb squad refused to go near it or touch it. That was good enough for me prats Students were evacuated to the football field later dismissed it turns out a student cleaned out his girlfriend's locker from the bottle Actually I'm left in the bathroom sworets Creek player. Maybe they were just chucking it down some chocolate looking a background Sworets Creek police chief Rick Collins you're saying you know there I don't want to go into it. It's very delicate and tasteless But there are actually some fat people who eat on the can you do know that don't you I've I've heard of this and I've seen people walking into the bathroom with food Oh man, I know that we're not necessarily fat people just people food beverages etc Yeah, but fat people who are constantly eating see so in other words if they want to take a tea room break that is in the food break Sworets Creek police chief Rick Collins you're said the milk was inside a clear nearly 60 ounce water bottle I know that after the fact makes us look on the silly side He said that we sent a kid so because of the smoke milk on the shelf, but all the right decisions were made So of course, but the police never like to lie to him do that. I always make all the right decisions always all the time and all these all of these things Speaking of that don't forget about that the DUI checkpoint I don't want to overdo it. We have to go. Yeah, it's a public service. That is unlike what they're doing. Us against them to be SO DUI task force and congenital with other agencies and municipalities conducting a DUI checkpoint operation tonight 9 tonight until 3 o'clock tomorrow morning in the 1700 block of East Open Park Boulevard An open park in Pair drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively and strictly how do you do the enforced Make no mistake about that. You got it. I got it. Don't say we didn't warn you. Okay when they drag your ass away 26 past 10 is our QA and sports time now. What are we going to do with that? You got to see after semi that time and check thing. Yeah, well I'm not going to do another one. Is that the TN? No, I have to play it. I am for QA and sports time check. So late. I already gave it. Yeah, I got the check. I got the check. I got the check. This is for the day. This is for the day. You're a chair, right? Got to go. Real service. Real saving. It's not a mattress is 30 of birthday. How many? I've turned man and a celebrate telematres and simons are offering the lowest parts of the year on the best selling view to rest pillow top. You can choose from self-limit as big as solicit as you do rest with same day delivery. If you're finally ready for a good night's sleep, this is the thing to do. Just sit there and reach over grab your full make that one easy call. And that's all you have to do while you're struggling that ice cream down your throat. Call 1-800 mattress and get yourself factory drag prices and award-winning service with no nonsense like I've been doing for years. Dialometres has a 12 month financing deal. I'm with dialometres. You pick the day and time you want to live or it and they take the new mattress to you any day you want any time you want in the 2-hour window. 7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. like noon to 2-1-3 whatever you're going to be home. Even the same day that you call. In other words, if you call right now, you can be sleeping in real serious comfort as soon as tonight. That's why dialometres is right. Number one in Christmas had a section why all of us here are a queue of venues and dialometres for a long long time. On the web, look them up at dialometres.com or make that easy call. Don't have to leave the house and run around town shopping. Just call dialometres at 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S-B-Cos it stands for stupidest sensational savings. The biggest name of best talent is the biggest is wheel rotors for Shwitio 5-608-M. It's Friday you passed it. Between ten thirty two is a good year.gebovic punish for all of us here. Disgusting at ipad radio concert sounds of pits. When the intended news was to report that hearing that you're covered yes. where that's talking about women, but at any rate, that's almost like hitting on miners. Allen's revenge exposes underweight 16's and opponents' novels. This is the big thing now, this is their comeback for a senator McCockowitz to get him back in a, you know, in a foreign, a strong, a footholder in Virginia. And did you know that, Harold Ford's junior in Tennessee, that he's really black. He looks pretty light, but if you look real close to see his light, like, black, mocha, pretty light. Not to see Republicans who'd run racist ads, you understand? Or that, see, this is the thing with all of them, man. They all suck. Yeah, where's the night, and you're black. No, you're, uh, right now. Now you're, uh, right in, uh, speed me 16 novels, you're full of crap. You're a pervert. Well, you're a fail of scrap. When you go to do for America, uh, nothing, speaking of doing, uh, nothing for America. Here's your president. President Bush signed a bill against the authorizing the construction that fence along a third of the 2100 Model S border with Mexico, but missing from the legislation is a way to pay for it. Only a third. A third of the border. Well, I'm sure that Lou Dobbs will be there covering the other two thirds. He's big enough to do it. Just going to lay down. Unfortunately, the US has not been in complete control of its borders for decades, and therefore illegal immigration has been on the rise, Bush said before signing the measure in the White House's Roosevelt room. Our destination of immigrants were also in a nation of law. He said, I think I'll be able to be put a boot for about this secure fence act of 2006. As one of the first steps of a tougher illegal immigration policy, touted by Republicans. The signing comes 12 days before these potentially pivotal midterm elections. Now just eat 11 days away, count them. It also comes that they have to see an ample indicates Americans prefer the idea of more border patrol agents to weigh 700 mile fence. So more Americans want the border patrol agents and of course that's why Bush has been into defense. Okay. And of course it covers almost a third of that border. Yeah, that'll stop. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Though Congress overwhelming we approved the bill last month. You'll be able to see an of course it'll be a really good project for Halibut and or back tell one of those companies when you think we're going to do a good money maker for them, put up a big old fence. Though Congress overwhelming we approved the bill last month. The OPE leaders waited till Tuesday to take it to Bush's desk because they wanted a public signing closer to the election day. Oh, that's the table of police eyes that issue you understand of any other issue, court term. Bush posted yesterday of other strides in immigration policy including increasing border security funding from $4.6 billion in 2001 to $10.4 billion in this year, and helping the number of border patrol agents from 9,000 to 12,000. By the end of his presidency, Bush said there'll be 18,000 border patrol agents. Also thousands of beds will be added in attention facilities for legal immigrants. So border patrol agents can catch and release in our southern border Bush said. So they can end catching and release. To get that they can end it. I got it. They're going to get in the end. Since Bush took the oral office, the US has come deported more than six million people every country legally. All new dobs are butchers padding itself on the back. They end it up. They secure fence act builds on this progress to present, said explained that in addition to the fence, the bill provides for the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, unmanned aerial vehicles, and of course probably a bunch of shotguns to get thrown in there as well. When you think about some landlines. There's a couple of, come here. Come on some cluster bombs. That's right. Hmm. Because the 557 votes on the pool today are goal is $1,000 and 50. Both of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance, $441. Amen. I say amen to that. Green, 317. Others on Lund, Amazon, B.C. Picture of Arnold. You know why they like him so much because of Arnold? Yeah. And if he ever noticed that he was talking yesterday about giving his condolences for the firefighters that died fighting those wildfires out there. And he always is the same. He's always just Arnold. He's on the set of a movie or something. Yeah. May I see you on Anita? Just like that. But what is the same kind of a literate song? I apologize. Right. By the way, the ice cream is here. Really? The ice cream from Jackson is there in Daniel. Oh. My tongue is going rapidly. No. Just quickly, I finished reading the pool. All I could have had pool in California is out of race. He's 18 points ahead of her landlines. Because he's Arnold. Not because he was a good governor. Or because he's intelligent or is articulate. When's first? And he started really adopting some pretty middle of the world. Oh boy. That's him. Most of the roads problems are crossed by Arnold, I think, or people who vote for him. Religious intelligence 446, read 317, ignorance 159, speaking of Arnold, ignorance. Corruption 73 over population 51. I hate this pool only 16, one and a half percent. That's awfully low for our picky crowd out there. And natural disasters still sold Tom to Uno. One. Only one. Only one vote on that thing. She's quite a banana, though. 50 bananas. The CIA tried to persuade Germany to silence EU protests about the human rights record of what America's key allies in its client vests in torture flights program, according to Guardian, Unileb British Guardian, and the independent. How much do they charge for those torture flights? About third and man. According to a secret intelligence, believe me, I've had on some flights that were torture. I guarantee you that. According to a secret intelligence report, the CIA offered a lot of Germany have access to one of its citizens and out kind of suspecting Hitler named Iraq and so. Oh, let's go to Morocco. What do you say? Just joking. But the US Secret agents demanded that in return Berlin should cooperate in a verb pressure from EU over human rights abuses in that North African country. The report described Morocco is a valuable partner in the fight against terrorism. The classified documents prepared for the German parliament last February may clear that Berlin did eventually get to see the detained suspect who was arrested Morocco in 2002 as in Led Zorganizer of the September 11 strikes. He was flown from Morocco to Syria on another rendition flight. Syria offered access to the prisoner on the condition that charges were dropped against Syrian intelligence agents in Germany accused of threatening Syrian dissidents. Germany dropped the charges but denied any link. Was this a coincidence? After the CIA offered a deal of Germany, EU countries had not been almost universal policy of downtime criticism of human rights records in countries where terrorist suspects have been held. They've also science that questions about secrets the CIA flies partly because of growing evidence of their complicity. There's no torture going on, you understand? In fact, they're only doing things to them that make them beg to be water-ported. Right. Water-porting my ass. Now, I can't say if you knew before you become, I didn't know that the majority of the people were the bad guy and I'm not saying, I think the orthodox Jews have very much liked some of these other ginskies. And pay that much attention. We're talking about it. We're talking about it. I'm bigger part of it. Everybody ripped them off. No, I know that. You mean like having all those babies is that one of the deals? That's one of them. Be a fruit and multiply, you know what they said? 20 to 11, you didn't play that to a jingle. Or I'm sorry. It's time for a million for the unjust. 24 of them at his PM's for its time. We got Curtis at Hooters at Tooth the Saffronoon. And then the Humper for three solid hours, we apologize being got no ballgame. We had no hockey game. Panthers the lost in Jersey last night caused the always lose to the medals. Virtually always, so we apologize for that. I apologize. But no hockey game tonight. The Panthers are about the island of Samarna. We'll have that game. Any interest? And also, we got the Hurricanes in Georgia Tech. Is Georgia Tech any good, Josh? Get a very good. They are? Yeah. Oh, that would be another hurricane. Lost coming up then. Oh, no. Woo. One thing we know the dolphin roll loses this weekend because they ain't playing. But they'll double up on the lost total. When they play the beers in Chicago next weekend. Ooh, boy. Let me tell you now about a fantastic thing. That's going on over Lou Backroach, where I've been doing business for over 20 years. It's the race to a thousand. For the first time in their history, Lou Backroach, heavy wants to sell a thousand cars in one month. And there are just a few days left in the month to do it. So if you want to take advantage of the better than ever savings right now is the time to get over there. They've got the biggest selection of new and used cars, including those hot new Corvets. It's like a dream. It's like just like living a dream when you're driving about, take it from me. Trucks SUVs mini-vans, the biggest selection anywhere. They've also got used cars starting at just 3995. Bucks every single lot of back by car, fast guarantee. Don't forget now, Lou Backroach has to sell a thousand cars this month. And in order to do that, they're staying open til midnight every night. Forget the price. The government often will beat any deal. More money for your trade that give you a 0% financing. Rebates up to $6,000, whatever it takes to get that deal done. Only a Lou Backroach, heavy with two locations toward their in Pompano Beach. A quarter mile West of I-95, look for that gigantic American flag waving in the breeze. Or a coconut quick on 440, 1.30, saw grass expressway. Don't forget they're staying open til midnight every night. So go to Lou Backroach, heavy right now for the best deal on a Chevy you've ever had in your life. Or check them on the web at Lou Backroach, VAC-8-RO-DT, Lou Backroach.com. The biggest name of sub-best talent to this is the U-Rotchers for radio financing. The U-PAN. Just you Gordon Lillian, they don't come anywhere, spend Neil Roger of the Blue Bitter tonight. I didn't sign it behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They may be the most obscure, mysterious man in the history of popular music. Who are the people? Say you wanna read the blue shun, man, no. Unfortunately, this rare recording is all we have of a band we believe was called The Beatles. Rock historian Nathan Anmolyneus. Who were they? How can we ever buy CDs if some of the songs they supposedly recorded? What kind of impact did they have on popular music? Sadly, we may never know. It's frustrating for my colleagues in music history. Well, come on! I mean, there's nothing on these guys. Nothing on film, nothing on tape, no audio. I mean, they've never had any books written about them. Cranky, where do you even start? Recent studies have reportedly concluded that the Beatles, if that really was their name, came from somewhere outside America. But where? There, possibly Norway, or the Balkans, and we had reports there were for some place calls. Livermore? Yeah, but that's in freaking California. So, anybody's guess? Only one other fragment, recently unearthed by a BBC researcher, provides a hint. This tenderizing snippet is from a piece of discarded audio tape at a 1968 recording session, somewhere in Europe. What a yellow coat. Get out there, yellow coat. This off. Sadly, no one knows what a yellow coat is. The Beatles, with no usable information on them anywhere, especially on the internet. We may never know why they mattered. As opposed to the Rolling Stones, a longer matter, but it was just on tour anyway. It's a pay-tossy-something-web-look at show-business. Tonight, on inside the mind. 1047, how's the asking coming? Oh, it's great. I'm on round two. I want to be a brain. Everything. Tubs and tubs of every flavor imaginable. Really? I've never seen a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fuckingstart 40% I went to fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking broken number 7 I was fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking generating fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking NO HE MOTE Herbert Evans said, you a peakel but a turtle candidate Charlie Christ maintained a gay relationship of a 16 year old male 10 years ago. Oh no. Chris born July 24, 1956, is 50 years old. His one-time partner born in 1976. Chris to vice-floor attorney general was able to hide his personal details under Patriot Act inspired shield laws that sounded to protect law enforcement officers. Allegedly lived with his young partner, Condo at one beach drive and St. Petersburg. Oh no. Don't tell me to Charlie likes to be young too. Will you farey? After Chris allegedly ended the relationship of the young her man after we decided to seek our office, Chris decided to claim as his legal residence the one-time shirted rest with his partner on his federal income tax return. However, when he lived with his partner, Chris in order to avoid detection, claimed the address of his parents in St. Petersburg's legal residence. WMR has also, oh this is Wayne Madden report. Well that's okay. We've been reading stuff from them, right? I have, right? WMR is on your busy eating ice cream. We have to pay attention about talking about if I have a question. And if I had all that good stuff to, trust no one may forget I'm going to do this and promote for the 50th anniversary of Jackson's. Alright, don't forget. WMR is also a member of a gay Republican King Prince in Florida's meeting. Have on behalf of the Chris campaign, and are seated with editors and publishers to prevent a news coverage or investigation of Chris alternative lifestyle. In fact, many of Florida's leading newspapers have endorsed Chris. Well, I mean the fact that he is gay. That shouldn't just qualify, but the fact that he may or may not have been living with a 16 year old boy, that might be something that voters might be interested in on the lecture of the election day or if he may think of it. Yeah, and hypocrite to say the very least, that's the thing that Chris is people off. There's all these anti-gay crusaders, always raving about the e-bulls and against gay marriage and against gay. And they're come to find out that they're a little boy's alleged. Oh, I like that. Well, how did I tell you for years that Mark Foley was gay? And Charlie Christie was gay. I know that because I know people who know them, man. I know my gay queens. No argument. 713 people are friends on our, myspace.com page is every good. I have no idea what constitutes good. Well, that's good for you on that. My space. Most people individuals don't have that many. Well, anyone has good for you. You know, so he says, well, you're an older guy. You know, it's not my space is out of the, is it my mistake? Right. Or demo. So I say that's pretty damn good. I'd say it was pretty good for me. Well, I sure like to when he said that, man. Me, too. I heard it. I heard it. See, what years it could be when that check will come loose again for you? Oh, brother. I think he just dug himself a whole halfway to China. So like I said, you're in the street team this Sunday. Drash was supposed to be there, but he'll be busy in VGN by Sunday. What a goofball. No idea, you're right. That is pretty good for for for a show like this is what you're trying to say. For a funny day old show that's here to old people. Usually only like really popular rock bands and whatnot. Have that many. Forget adding here. Rock bands. You got 700. They got thousands, man. They got Zedian. They got friends up the, Jackson's annual anniversary celebration to be held on Saturday November 18th, 7 to 10 PM is their major fundraising event for Joe Dmitriy of Children's Hospital. Last year they raised over 10 grand, originally completed pediatric emergency care facility includes a treatment room sponsored by Jackson's. By sure, hopefully not like to load up the kids with a lot of ice cream. Just kidding, just relax. This year's anniversary celebration features a musical and video retrospective look at Jackson's two of the decades. Fifty years in town. Holy moly, that's even longer than years truly by a long shot. I've been there many a time man and when you go to Jackson's, that's when you're really going to pick out. You're going to go run big and coxions in a huge bowl like in a bucket. So if you're dieting just say to hell with it and go get a bucket. Musical celebrity entertainers are going on hand to help us rock the night away. It says other activities at the anniversary celebration for the sound of the auction and raffle sponsored by dozens of local businesses and the sale of food and soft drinks from which all proceeds benefit Joe Bernace H. Children's Hospital. Jackson's continues fundraising throughout the year by providing your cash donation site inside the restaurant. Jackson's restaurant in Daniel on federal highway. You can't beat it with a stigma and if you're in ice game, I didn't know they also had other kinds of food. They brought weanies for it today. Well, I assume we're going to get some cooked ones but yeah, we got some bags of weanies in here. What do you mean by that? Raw weanies? I assume they're like long as you're armed. Well, what I would do is that would take like a pin and stick it in there and see if I give a drop of vomit. 117 votes on the poll. We got 1107. 1107. 1111. Clocky. Man, we are doing phenomenal things here on us. Used to be great radio station. QAM non-sports time is 1053. See, two can play that game. What is with you? Would you just eat the ice cream and shut up? You start to get like a bird now? I'm pretty sure this is going to be you. Yeah. Well, Bush administration efforts. By the way, we're bringing Feral back to in morning starting on Monday. Scott Feral is coming back. Now, would that be something would that be a hoot? I wonder how that man-couthing is coming around at a man radio. Bush administration effort, how did they get that? I still, I just, in the shower this morning, I was shaking my head. I was mainly getting a body wash out of my mind to shampoo off my head or her. Bush administration efforts to infiltrate Mr. Reck Regulate and Paluthe Internet would meocomph propaganda as well as they're openly stated agenda target American bloggers as terrorists is now being aped by the British government across the Pondaswell as other major European countries and by the way, speaking of climate queen, Ms. Fudge, who now are you kidn't huh? Who are you kidding me? You kidn anybody anymore? Oh, you're like the Tom Cruise of the Internet, Ms. Fudge. God, just a total sellout, just sold his sold to the company store like kind of C-24 said. I know you don't have that either. You load six-to-steane tons. Home secretary John Reed, you've been having some more ice cream. It sounds like you need to something simple smooth going down there. Home secretary John Reed met with ministers from the six largest European Union and companies in the court who have a BBC report agreed to work together to make the Internet a more hostile place for terrorists. How will they accomplish this? By initiating and cracked on people who use the Internet to spread what they call propaganda, which means whatever it hell they wanted to mean. It says the very website you're reading now would be considered propaganda by these neo-fascist. No matter the fact that the criminal syndicates Bush and Blair Frontfore are the most deceitful progenitors of Lurepropagandis since the third Reich. The Purs also claims to use the Internet other media and a target young audiences with state-approved in the oxidation P.A. and oxidation P.R. Spin and how the war on terror is really not about imperial head-genuity and crushing liberties at home. Reed himself is no stranger to the strong armed tactics of despots, a former hardcore Stalinist, member of the Scottish Communist Party, and an alcoholic bully with a pension for thumping people in the face, he could also become the next prime minister. It says here. I was Britsman. They give me the schmits. The British government's paranoid fear of anyone spreading propaganda that could compete with its own is perhaps one of the reasons why they outlawed the right to protest under the 2005 serious and organized crimes act. Now Brits are willing to allow the protests against the government with the government's permission. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right, we protest what we can. Why? Because we said so. The fact that the US government demanded access to the Google search queries around 150 million Internet active Americans under the umbrella of NSA eavesdropping program proves that the elite are deliriously nervous about the last remaining outpost of freedom and its potential of influence change. In addition, European Union is willing to completely regulate their freedom. The first step is the introduction of licensing laws where you would be required to register pay tax and only receive permission to operate a website. If your material didn't violate the broad ranging hate speech laws, legislative by the EU, which criticizes you with self as deemed hate speech. How do you like that? I don't. What they do a man, they're going to get to us. We better talk real real fast. QAMN's sports time is... The biggest thing has been accessed. Tell us the biggest is for your rotors, for your rotors, for your 50560. This is the new rotors. What are your rotors? What are your rotors? What are your rotors? What are your rotors? Any questions? These are the of the one-year-old Malawi and boy, reportedly adopted by Madonna, says he's happy to start anticipating poverty. Local officials say the pop star pants would drop for child while she's in the country. The decision project that she funds the aid to all for this. The British said the star and I have some guy richy, arduous, David Bander. Maybe they had been confusion with the name, Donna. Donna is a local, a bit woman and Madonna. I still have things I want to do and there's not one saying. You know, people are here and that's great. I've always thought that my kids are around the world. Maybe they had the day, shining for a kid and standing money like a baby, sure. Guy turned to her as if to say, because there's one who's waiting just for you. They're jumping in, but one of the worlds were just superstars. There's an octet, a feshing month old boy. Maybe they'd be delighted on a play. Maybe they'd be blue, little baby's in my mouth, it'll are crazy. I've got the boy, it's out of the night, and I've got the boy, it's a special thing. Take a look at this man, the Broward Palm Beach New Times says, you see this? No. Article by Bob Norman, he says a young rising star on the Republican Party, is both to the witnesses of his sexual relationship with Charlie Christ, the Fartherner and the Florida Governor's race was repeatedly denied that he is gay. The GOP staff are 21 year old Jason Weatherington, told friends at separate social functions and August, that he had sex with Christ according to two credible and independent sources of his speak. Weatherington who recently worked as a field director for US Senate candidate, Catherine Harris, and currently works for St. November, present in Ellen Bogdanovus, Baghdanovus, whatever her name is, re-election campaign. Also named a man whom he said is Chris Long-term Partner, a convicted thief named Bruce Carlton Jordan, who also recently worked for Harrison Long-term, Long-Shot Senate vid. Jordan made headlines recently when the hurl learned that the fellow was working in his services travel aid, the newspaper noted that Jordan 42 was reported to be close friends with Charlie Christ, whom he convinced to attend an annual Florida funeral directors association meeting in 2003, Jordan which charged in 2003 with stealing thousands of dollars from two organizations for which he worked, including the tele-hassy-based Florida funeral director of association where he served as executive director. He completed the 60-day jail sentence in February, and will be on probation until he or 2000-11 according to state records. When the mommy here will question Chris about Jordan's past August, the Fartherner and the Governor's race told the newspaper, he doesn't remember the man. I don't know who Bruce Jordan is, he said at the time, it doesn't mean I haven't met him. I don't know who he was speaking about. I asked Chris during a photo interview on Monday morning, if he had ever had sex with Jordan Wright, so who wrote this guy? Bob Norman? No, I don't recall the name he said. That Chris doesn't remember Jordan seemed incredible to me. Not only did the Attorney General make a special appearance at the funeral director's conference, but former president of the Association say Jordan was known to be pals with Chris pals. A temp three Jordan weren't successful, but his father told me that Chris and his son are friends. He talks about Chris, but I don't think he seemed Charlie and a mouse and Albert Jordan, who lives in Inverness, where he and his wife raised their son. Was that an estimate of his son and Chris had a sexual relationship that father said simply, not as far as I know? Are we counted some of those facts with Chris? I'm not saying I haven't met him, I probably have. He said, I just can't picture him, that's all. I also asked him about whether he'd been in his claim that he had sex with Chris, that's ridiculous. He said completely false, then I estimate if he'd ever in his life had sex with a man, never he said. While there's no proof that Reverend Jim is what he said is true, it's clear that he said it. I first learned about his claims after receiving an anonymous email October 6th, the email was linked to a 2003 story of man reporting but not a trace congressman Mark Foley was gay. Why don't you do the same story for another hugely visible photo politician running for office? Call it if you want a starting point. Immediately, I knew the email was referring to Charlie Gay, Chris, for years it's been rumored that Chris, the favorite to move into the Governor's mansion after November 7th, is gay. I was interested in pursuing lead mainly because I've come to believe that any closet in politician in the Republican Party, which openly was homophobes into what's ranked while opposing gay rights, is fair game for the media. Chris for his part has been moderate on those issues and supports civil unions, I may live and let live kind of guy he told me. But the Palm Beach Post reported on Friday last Friday that Chris can be heard in recently recorded phone calls targeting voters saying, I support a constitutional amendment to protect traditional marriages and I oppose adoption by gay couples. I asked him about that and he said he's always held those positions. I asked him if he thought it was fair for reporters to ask him about his own sexuality. Of course, it's fair he said it just happens to be wrong. Many people are convinced that Chris is telling the truth. I am one of them, especially after reporting this column. The source behind the email was not revealed as name for fear of retribution as a gay man, it registered independent voter in a former Republican who was involved in Democratic Party politics. It was motivated to tell a story he says by his outrage at the fully scandal. We counted a dinner party for people at a French partial waterfront home and lost all his aisles. He didn't remember the exact date but it took place in early August. He was there with his friend, his friend, partner and weatheringman. His friend struck up a sexual relationship with weatherington after meeting him in an AOL chat room. The weatherington spoke about the F.A.A. party about working for Catherine Harris's campaign to meet this was significant since Harris is a stalwart of the religious right and openly denounces homosexuality. Whether it had even took a call from Harris after they sat down for cocktails before dinner. He was like Harris's gay valet, the source said. Kind of like with mispudges to Richard Melon's slave of the Republican Party. As they sift their drinks, Jason started talking about his relationship with Chris, which he said had been sexual and nature. Charlie Krister, are you kidding the source from a resisting? Maybe he says, Jesus Christ, are you kidding? Maybe that's what he was saying. The investigation about the size of Chris's anatomy. Jason wouldn't go there, so the source he says that he remains friendly with Chris. He was expecting an appointment when Chris becomes governor. How do you like that? All these rumors squaling around the Charlie Krister, and Chris for the middle of Chris is gay. I don't believe it. Not. 140 votes on the pool. I think we got a shot at 12 by 12. Never good. That'd be something. Lighthouse political and by the way, speaking of that. And the reason that these are important stories. What I do with L.A.R.G.O.P. moves fast to read not the actual gay marriage. I guess I better shove that in line now. But your hypocrites is what you are. Fonies and hypocrites, just like Miss Foley. The velvet mafia, man. It's unbelievable. It's amazing. L.A.R. when you think back to like Joe McCarthy and gay Edgar Hoover. Maybe it's not someone believe it will act or all. And Miss Fudge and Laura Engrum. And the end-quarter man-coder. Sure. And you know, you're like, uh, condom, les de. Right. And can't melmon the chairman of the National Republican Party. Who everybody knows is gay. The divisive debate over gay marriage, we've played a prominent role in the 2004 campaign. But this year largely faded from view. It erupted in New yesterday. As president-fotion Republicans across the country tried to use a court-worldly new jersey to rally despair to conservatives to the polls. Get them back at it. That's what it's all about. They got to find something to get those good religion and stop there. Wednesday's ruling of which the New Jersey Supreme Court decided that the gay couples are entitled to the same legal rights and financial benefits and central sexual couples had immediate ripple effects that thought nipple effects ripple effects, especially in Senate races and some of the eight states where voters are considering constitutional amendments to ban gay marriage. President Bush put a spotlight on the issue while campaigning in Iowa, which does not have a proposal on the ballot. When the Republican House candidate, Jeff L. and Bertie by his side, Mr. Bush, who hasn't been talking about gay marriage in recent weeks, took pains to ensure the reference into his stump speech, warning that Democrats would raise taxes in American America less safe. Yesterday in New Jersey, we had another activist court issue ruling that raises doubts about the institutional marriage, Mr. Bush said. At luncheon at the Iowa State Fairgrounds at least 400 grand for Mr. Lamverty. The president who was a plosventy re-edited his long-held stance at marriage was a union between a man and a woman adding, I believe it's a sacred institution that's critical to the health of our society and the well-being of families and it must be defended, he'd be saying. So that's what they got. That's pretty much all they got. And now, first, they got Jim Webb, they're in Virginia, who wrote those salacious books, those novels. They got that the vice president's wife didn't do that, maybe he doesn't have a gay daughter. That she didn't write those steamy, steamy, steamy, lesbians novels. Let him $149 votes on the pool, most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance, 487, which ties right into this whole thing right now. Who do we hate today? Who's this scat code? Who can we use the Bible to hurl infected Zag? And I like that. What? You're an exorcist in preservation. No. It was not in impersonation, it just came naturally. Most of the world's problems caused by religious intolerance, by a bunch of lunatic getchies, 487, greed, 340, ignorance, 167, and all my God, there's so much of that going around. Dumb, dumb people. Corruption 84, overpopulation 54, I hate this pool only 61.3%, that's mighty low. And natural disasters still only one. Probably somebody got like a blue tarp on his room from Wilma. Who do you think somebody's got like a personal anced to grind? I don't blame him. I mean, no, a lot of people went to a lot of service with that, including me. I spent a lot of money to put a whole piece back together. And the George, poor George, man. Look at that. Always got that big bonus coming. Yeah, that'll take care of all the damage. In fact, if I were you, I would like to invest that. I put it under my pillow. I put it away in a safe somewhere, because it's probably the last one we're going to see in a long time. I just had that feeling. I don't know why. You mean you're not really confident that Joe Bellas put together a really, I know. Now, that one trend, you know, one month that didn't mean anything. They were just getting started and already you're peeing on their parade there. I wouldn't have been warning. And the big O and all these guys, just because you hate sports like poison. You know, a panty waste. Yeah, that's it. Isn't that what it is? Sure. I mean, what kind of a real man doesn't like sports? I don't dislike sports. I don't want to watch other people do it. And then talk about it all day. Yeah, seemingly enjoying how everything went, even having a chuckle at his defenses, expense that some may have been complaining about ice time. Here's to any heat, Lee after a hatchery. All right, Danny Heatley, hatchery is out of a beat to leaf slice night, seven or two. It could have been seven hundred and two if they we do want to put the pedal to the metal because of leaf stock. And the pants is all student of the injury. See, there's a sports talk for your clearest. A little sports stuff. The interjectious, a little teeny tiny bit of a man. It can't be all bad. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, can present the the word gets around all over town. And we're talking sports on the old show. And we're safe to go back. QM non sports time, by the way, 1113. The 50's name. So the guy's got to say the 60's. The real rocker's sports radio fighter. And the biggest names. The best talent. It's the champion. Oh, morning. Is it ever going to end with you? We have 19,000 CDs in here in 19,999. We have all the UM stuff. And it was got the Spanish singer channel on it. Friday. It's a huge old way to watch. You don't have to speak that language to know that language. We call that the language of look at that guns on her. Man, oh man. We gave seven to 10. Sports radio 5, 6, 6, 6, 2, 8, 4 olders, right? And there's another hybrid ever in the name of our world. And the biggest names. The best talent. It's the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. We call that the best talent. It's not a sexual act webtoe pluck in regarding law soldiers' act-ciop. I actually saw this happen in a slum in Bangkok when I was there as a journalist. The duty of a writer is to illuminate his surroundings he added. Coincidentally, a Cambodian woman in Las Vegas is facing a central assault charges for performing a similar act on her young son. A quite a monotope or 14 report in the Las Vegas Review Journal. The article quotes an office manager for the Cambodian Association of America who described the act as a son of respect or love. What I would certainly go along with that. It's an exception in fabric straight to the Review Journal of the practice. According to the report the act is used in performed by a mother or a caretaker when a child was one year older younger. In webs and avaloo child is four years old. Web criticised the Allen campaign for focusing on extro firm as novels. The most important issue facing the country he has not a statement to make on a website of the war in Iraq. This company has been breaking into pieces economically. They've got no position on that. They're just trying to turn the tables now and find this in craft that he wrote. I think they both suck. I think both candidates are pathetic. Although McCockowitz, he's kind of in a class of his own. I think he's going to win though. That's the bad news. McCockowitz doing things like that only helps in there. What's the smear and smear? Sure. Calling people McCock. In Virginia? Sure. By the way, McCock in whatever language it is in Sudan. It's the N word. How about that? I didn't just mention that in passing. Not that any of our people are going to be voting in the Virginia elections. But I just mentioned that in passing. I think we have anybody listening on the Internet in Virginia? No. 232 votes though. So we already a well passed in 12 at noon. God, I was low-balling it. Can I say that? You just did. Speaking of low-balling life, the message is left by legislative or Ralph Arzon, the colleague's cell phone, cursed him and used the racial epithet. Remember we had to story the other day a little bit about it? Here's a little bit more from your friends at the Harold. Have any friends at the Harold? No. A second caller made explicit threats. And then it says, warning the story in a company audio content of Jackson Belangwood's a Somai-Fied offensive. In a convoyce that betrayed us to hit of an e-breeze in anger, State representative Ralph Arzon left a 22nd message on the cell phone of his colleague, Buck Gus Barrero, sometime after we'd clocked last Saturday night. Hey, bitch. Said Arzon, who were or had just accused of using racial slurs in a formal complaint. You're nothing but a bitch. You're nothing but a bitch. God bless you, bitch. Sometime later in a voice just a little bit less calm, Arzon left a second message. Hey, bitch. You ain't nothing but a bitch. You ain't nothing but a bitch, brother, my nigger. Then the message is got scary. And as yet identified man, soon enough, few more recordings in English and Spanish, then mixed a string of graphic contownes for the X-Fedist and Threats that troubled Barrero a Republican like Arzon, Barrero was for my mebeach. Arzon lives in my melakes. What you are as a big snitch, rounds with bitch the second caller, his voice growling and rising in intensity said, I'm gonna get you. He was growling. I can't. And with those words began a political spectacle of Lodlancy, a criminal investigation in turn legislator probe, racial strife and legislator, and a concerted effort to out- Arzon. The immediate political consequence, chicken unity of Florida's GOP, just as Arzon's friend, mind me representative Marco Rubio, as less than one the way from becoming the first Cuban American leader of the Florida house, which threatens to divide along tense partisan lines. It's tense. Maybe some of these people ought to be living in tense city. Florida's Democrats who hold only a third of the seats in the state house, said in a sharp resolution Wednesday that refused to sit in the same chamber as Arzon, who Democrats have accused of acting like a foul mouth bully. Rubio is an answer to the step down, but it's been rebuffed. Fan asked Governor Jim Bush refused to go that far, saying, what if that Arzon has a problem? Arzon's blamed alcohol. Oh, there we go again, just like Miss Foley. Blamed alcohol, the anger management promised for his unforeseen the messages obtained by the hero of the yesterday. See Josh, have you ever had any problems with the station just playing with on the news? Got it? Got it? When current turns on you like a cornered rat, within two hours of learning of the situation, Rubio city contact minority leader Dan Gilbert, Miami Beach, as well as represented Dorothy Benderos minigal, a leader in the black caucus to say he would at least disqualify Arzon from a leadership post. The first two messages were inappropriate comments between colleagues. It's an assessment Ralph Arzon shares Rubio said he used the term in the second message that is inappropriate and unbecoming the N word. The messages I don't know who they are. They obviously were much stronger and more troubling, where he was growing. I'm going to get you. Fading to persuade Arzon to leave, House Speaker Alan Benzlons to the Fastrad Inc. and Arzon's behavior. And he's expected to side within a week, whether this discipline him. Punishment could include reprimand, censure or expulsion. The latter option requires a two-thirds vote of the House, no chance. The only member of the House to have been expelled from the chamber, Walt Mcounty representative E. Burt Riddle, accused of sending a decent message into a 12-year-old female house page in 1961. Riddle is teaching an evangelical singer. Of course. It's been time-by on bars after he was accused of inappropriately touching a 13-year-old girl at his Christian school. Oh, halle Luria. Oh God, that's good. Yesterday, a group of GOP leaders across South Florida Sun Arzon email condemning his use of racial slurs and urging him to resign. We expect, no we demand, a greater level of integrity and respect from our elected officials of the email signed by among others. Broad Republican executive committee chair is Carolyn Kennedy and Levi Williams, and Andre Categan, chairman of the Black Republican Club of Palm Beach County. Black Republican Club, my ass. That's like the log cabin Republicans. It's called, oh we have a death wish. Your actions in those of them may share your views will not be tolerated by those of us who represent our communities in the statement. But Arzon's problems run deeper than the disapproval of his peers. State local police are examining whether the message is vitally civil state laws that have been threatening, tampering with retaliating against witnesses. Barrao whose own term is nearly over urge bars into walk away from office voluntarily, and withdraw from November's re-lustian campaign. I'm hoping that Rath understands the bigger picture Barrao said yesterday there is no legislative more important than the seat they represent. Arzon's troubles began earlier this year and Barrao would have slowed that Arzon referred to date school superintendent Rudy Crew with a racial empathet, the N word, crew would later file the formal complaint in the house, but was dismissed because the school's chief did not hear Arzon himself. Barrao filed his own complaint last week saying he did hear the message and which Arzon used the N word and Barrao came to the floor to house. A story about the complaint was published in the Hill Saturday morning, which we talked about Monday and a part of it in a fair tree. They're all calling to other names and this one used the N word, this one, the Macacoit, this one is gay and this one is a letter. These are America's politicians working hard. Hard is hell to solve the problems for which your tax dollars are just being squeezed out of your ass. It's a shake down is what it is. What it boils down to sounds good to me. I mean I pay one hell of a lot of taxes you can imagine. When I think of what they're using my tax dollars for, so that we can have all these human sacrifices there over there and it racked all over the world and Afghanistan. It's worth it. Not to mention killing all these innocent people who were, and what did I tell you to begin in this graph? It's called emancipation by elimination. We're going to frame from law. It can't be much freer if you're totally free from existence. Total freedom. 550 votes on the poll man. I bet you're programming or sitting around having big meetings about this. I bet your currency's got to speed up there on Joe's desk. The biggest thing is the thing that's challenged to the business. Every time you're drawing a wash right, you're like 60. Call out a piece. This is Coach Darnshueler. And I sell like Bob Holpa and I say, and I want to tell you, it's the 12th or an hour whatever it is. Can you win against pressure? And osmanth. The next fire goes on at 440orn. It's the 12th and man. iPhone, creation and citizen. Many wilds and 91 cattle men. I do understand 60 bands. The youngest Child. My son is the one that raised 93 kids... ...yera king... ...Dane a kid like him is the worst my son is. He's like hungan easy to get. I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins number, I am the genius of the lead. I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins, the same old story nothing new. The Dolphins are such losers, they really aren't white-laimed, I knew it from the fairies star. I watched a Pittsburgh game and did to see the wimpy wind, excatient through that flag, standing on the sidelines, he looked just like a flag in there, and fairies star. I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins number, I am the genius of the lead. I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins, I am the Dolphins, they are from the sick of that white-blue. The Dolphins are such a full-wall, and then you can see it's only five year-long, they pulled out of the story, and then they played the Texans, they almost made me sick, that's too fit to point past way, that's humbling on sight kicked in there, I am the Dolphins, my am the Dolphins, my am the Dolphins number, I am the genius of the lead. That's a fine am the Dolphins, my am the Dolphins, my am the Dolphins, I'm the Dolphins, I'm going to go barring into the shoe. The Dolphins can't control the ball they're running, game is flat, that's for their execution, well-eyed are great with that. There always gone a floor lead of that you can be sure And when they lead the fields who have a stench of cowland or a narrow fire and he's all Fire me doll for me Fire me doll for some of the other teams in the lead Fire me doll for me Fire me doll for me If there was another shot of blue Oh, no, no, no But dolphins have no strategy they play like idiots Another couple games wasn't a theory it's legit I think they're all retarded It's almost like their cursed SGC and Taylor and XX on this witch team is the worst And they'll say, I am installful I am installful I am installful I am installful I am installful I am installful And we see what they get to do I want to visit this movie shop in Sen I like that It's a disparaging the president of bush It's whatever it is Come on, how did you grow a friend's story She would support a gay marriage law in New York Now, Senator Clinton has supported civil unions but has not before Police supported gay marriage That's this week, we'll see what she's the same next week about it They've been more right, selection might from Helle, fair and balanced Fox news question mark Ten years ago this month Fox news began broadcasting by touting itself as fair and balanced In the intervening decade the mother was becoming a little more volume-speak Is that ever again and again, demonstrates that it is to the bush administration What probably was to the Soviet Union or at low Let's say the Soviet Romano is to the Vatican How do you say that? Let's serve a total of the Romano Okay, well, I should be better than that It was a matter of practice I better leave the road right now I'll see you, let's start working on that term roll The inquanta banana But in November Fox News celebrates another milestone The sixth anniversary of this role in the Miss calls of election night 2000 The debacle had prompted all the numbers to project George W. Wester Winder and Florida 2020 in the morning after the election And thus the next president of the US In fact, the vote count at the time of the projection showed the election was too close to call And all the networks eventually recited their calls But not before Al Gore called Bush to concede Later Gore called back to unconceed But that flip flop was leveraged by Republicans and conservative media to create a hostile political environment in Florida Which ultimately proved failed to go as efforts to get a full and honest hand recount in the state A post-election analysis by a consortium of media will show that had such a weak campaign conducted Gorewood or one floor to end the presidency by anywhere from 42 to 171 votes Fox's role in the Miss call was pernicious because it was prompted not by a careful analysis of Vote data by George's brother Fed S Governor Jeff Bush who persuaded His cousin Fox News and John Ellis to make the call Else was the head of the Networks election night decision team The group responsible for analyzing election data provided to each network by the Audi Punk voter news service, the NS and for deciding whether the network should Project a winner in each state. Earlier in the evening all the networks had Projected Gore the winner in Florida, but they retracted their projections within two hours At the time it wasn't clear that whoever one Florida would win the presidency And little damage would end away the candidate by that Miss call By 2015 the morning high ever the presidential race had boiled down to Florida And the vote counted the time to a Bush leading Gore by a half a percentage point By any reasonable standard of the network should have held off making a projection And if 2015 none of the networks had made a call Although Fox News was about to do so. Each network decision team was looking at the data Provided by VNS and while the vote pay a fair favorable to Bush no one could be sure That by the end of the vote count Bush would still prevail. In fact a separate count by the Associated Press to abortions margin declining precipitously we affirm that the election Was simply too close to call and that context John Ellis who had just taken a call from This cousin fat as Jim excitedly announced to his decision team. Jeff he says we got it. Jeff he says we got it. A minute later Fox projected George W. Bush to win in Florida nice president of the US say At that very moment that Fox made the college head Bush's be haste Sheldon again wiser and be sees decision team leader was on the phone with Murray Elderman vns editor director. Gairwiser had made up his mind to call the election wanted to discuss a possible Colbert Edelman is the person responsible for providing all the election data Edelman was stunned at NBC my call erase a few days earlier He had said a member to all the networks warning them that typically at the end of an election night There are large errors in the vote count And recommending that the networks be cautious in making projections When gossip go wise is suggested that NBC was considering call for Bush the first thing Edelman asked was did you read my memo? Unfortunately Fox's projection was announced just as the 16th surprise and gave Waser broke off the phone call with Edelman saying sorry got a go to Fox just called it A minute later NBC projected Bush to win in Florida and the next president I was with the co-leaders of the joint decision team for CBS and CNN more metowski and Jolensky by the time Fox made this announcement Metowski and Minsky were also considering calling the race but they were constrained by the questions of the count Indeed in our earlier when I asked Metowski why he didn't call Florida race for Bush given Bush's lead He asked me if you want to call the president of the US on the basis of 30,000 votes right now bush leads by 65,000 votes And it's been a morning he likely have a 30,000 vote margin margin are you comfortable with that? I'm not vote counts are not 100% sure some end of the vote night vote counts are off at least a point The counts are reported by the media and they make mistakes and one point potentially are represented about 60,000 votes in Florida And a 2015 the most fair old projections against Bush might up end and up with a 30,000 vote lead Burley half a point so when Fox made the call of 2016 in the morning The CBS CNN decision team did not follow a task he said Fox has an agenda don't forget But a minute later when someone in the situation were not said NBC had made the call Metowski immediately said we'll call up to The media's seen this season team did not want to make the call not trusting the data but according to John Biden burger consultant with the network that evening A network executive over road to the city team and also predicted Bush the winner in order to avoid looking foolish As the only network not recognized Bush as the next president a day It's clear from the events following Fox is called the networks all jumped onto the bush band wagon Despite the closeness of the data in a competitive rush not to be last or at least not to look foolish The official post-election report for CNN prepared by outside reviewers last at the networks by noding mental on election day 2000 television news organizations stayed to collective drag race on the credit and highway of democracy Reclusely in danger in the electoral process they political life of their country and their own credibility All of the networks deserve blame for the actions but the Fox case is especially interesting Many commentators expressed astonishment that Fox would have a person so close to related to one of the two principal candidates to head its decision desk More overall aesthetic explicitly recognizes on bias the year before when he was the communist for the Boston Globe Explain to an age of lie third nineteen ninety nine op-ed calm that he had a stop writing about the two thousand presidential campaign Because I'm loyal to my cousin governor George Bush. I put that loyalty head of my world Anyone outside my immediate family he said there's no way for you to know if I'm telling the truth about George W. Bush's president or his own campaign because in my case My lawyer loyalty goes to him and not to you. You opening up a soda No, okay. Why are sounded like that? I sounded like it opening up a soda sort of sounded like sounds like we were popping a task I was moving papers around okay. I see shop Mr. Smarty pants and crack in my knuckles. Oh don't do that. You'll get arthritis This was an obviously massive conflict of interest for Ellis which Fox never acknowledged The task you invented exit polls for the in the sixties and developed the election night projection system The networks were using that night characterized Ellis's actions conferring with his cousins by heading to the Fox decision desk As the most unprofessional election I've worked I could ever imagine he had no business talking to the Bush brothers Or to one of the other politicians about what he was doing. So every says we got it The decision teams were supposed to be analyzing data not getting advice from politicians about when to call or race And surely not from somebody so closely related to one of the candidates for this thing is really long, you know Tied some mom got an interject right now. I want to finish it Because you know this is where it all started with the first election and we had in the stolen elections in 2004 And then of course in Ohio beyond any shadow about and what do we have in response to but your Wimpy Democrats The feasting so best tell us if this is we own rockers for Shwitio 560 You Thank you There's a moment they've had a lot of you from those cookies All right What is real? What's that hand what I can Hey, wow It is never my business. You might make a new fellow get an alani I win as soon as I get paid for my sons You shut up a minute so I can read as far as I can You can And Better recent study show What doctors choose Gamble over any other guy who's single and Gamble Gamble less it All right You're going to Oh Oh Boy No You're his existence And I don't need an empty way Say old fellow mine Can you load an old buddy a couple of dollars After what you did to me Fudge What do you mean? I treated you like a son Why remember when I took you to the royal castle on your point Yeah That was back when a hand boy who is said I can I think Your next sir Can I help you? I'll have one hand boy Dad for the war Dad, Kelly It can't wait there I'm going to hand boy get to your one Oh Hey Hey Yes, you just get over here Hey, hey boy, you said Give me a hand boy I'm going to You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You All right, all right, break it up Who's this man you're beating up on? It's no How is David? Oh Carry on Sorry Do the job Twenty ten and five sixty W. Two and a half Four times Here's a thanks from a faithful listener who says Could you please announce her Thanks to me working at a company at a colonial red Which said to go a contact act blue dot com The article was from the smirking tomb Okay Ten melman, the means gaze Wrestling about refueled Parkinson's Our NC goes racist and protocols on level Windows of widow's harpies by Brent Butowski Did I answer the question? I think he did Talk to the article on your website too I'm at tomorrow It's a story So it'll be under tomorrow If Josh gets a done for us I'm sure he will I always get it done He always gets it done As matter of fact In order to help by the audience They're getting more stories on our website Anyway, this article that I'm in the midst of reading now That you're in a ruffling with your life here in Kakarai David W. Morhu wrote this He's author of how to steal an election The inside story of how George Bush's brother And fox network missed called the 2000 Lotion and changed the course of history That's who he is Okay Because I'm not always really good at that And telling you, oh yeah I'm a really other people stuff Because there are lots of martyrs And I am going to get a lot more to say than I Or would have us as crap, you know? That's why I read this stuff As opposed to you Just did they were in a racketealy for four hours Right, well I got those great calls to Hey After congressional hearing on February 14, 2000 One minute, we're so recorded We're explaining what happened on election night The most notable testimony for its sheer cheek Came from fox's presidency Or Roger Ailes And his prepared statement he noted that much He did what we made about a column L.S. 1999 for the Boston Globe Or he stated in effect that his lord lived Then Governor George W. Bush When providing him for writing for the columns About politics Despite noting L.S. is admitted Conflict of interest, Ailes found no fault with it Rather he seemed proud of the clear that we are fox news And not discriminated against people Because of their family connections He admitted he was aware that John L.S. was speaking To jab in George W. Bush on election night Obviously through his family connections Mr. Rellis had very good sources he wrote I don't see this as a fall to short coming Mr. Rellis quite the contrary I see this as a good journalist talking to his very high level sources On election night Jamie says we got it This is a stunning statement The notion that the decision team should actually be encouraged to seek Information and advice from high level sources In other words, the candidates themselves It's difficult to find a clearer example A conflict of interest in allowing Bush's cousin To confer with Bush about when to call the election for Bush Despite Ailes' blaster about L.S. being a good journalist On election night 2000 appears that Initially, Fox didn't know that Jim Bush was the actual catalyst For Ailes' protection of Bush as a Florida winner Fox's executive knew that L.S. was talking with George W. and Jimmy but L.S. never admitted that he made the call Because Debbie says we got it Instead, L.S. claimed that when he recommended the Florida Call of 2015 in the morning It was on the basis of a need-slice get-ray Show that he had calculated Supposedly comparing how many votes go or needed to close the gap And how many votes he'd be able to get The statistician sitting next to him that night was Cynthia Talkov When we referred to his statistical wizard She never saw him making calculations on the basis of some Need-Gay ratio and he never shared any such calculations with her She said although no projection that night had been made without her Supposedly approval She was the only person on the team who understood these statistical models And the team members deferred to her judgment But after the election fox discovered what L.S. had done In the conduct of an internal review of Fox attorney interview Talkov Who described how L.S. had suggested calling Florida for Bush Right after talking with his cousin And announcing to the decision team, Debbie says we got it In the person's Talkov's attorney who was part of home conversation Told me she has a vivid recollection of a pregnant pause As though the information about L.S. has called had stunned the Fox attorney Into silence Fox executive is interested in whether L.S. had violated the V.S. contract By sharing information with the bushes The notion that the information might have gone And the other direction may not have been on their radar screen After a few moments the conversation was zoomed But the Fox attorney didn't pursue the matter Or their L.S. was ever informed about the account as unknown At the hearing L.S. had foxes internal investigation The election night 2000 It's found that one strand of evidence that Mr. Ellis revealed information Either or both of the Bush brothers, which he should not have Or that he accepted it or that he acted improperly A book any rules or policies of either fox news or V.S. No reference was made about the real conflict of interest Which allowed one Bush brother essentially to project the other brother As the Florida winner Even on the issue of illegally sharing information with the Bush brothers It's difficult to take E.L. seriously when he claims to have found that one Shredt of evidence for such actions Had he not read either Ellis's article in Inside Magazine Or the New Yorker article about Ellis In the inside article L.S. had about 530 in the afternoon of election day He took a smoke break and called governor Bush not specifying which governor Who asked L.S. is this really close? L.S. yes really close Later after the network's called Florida for Gore Ellis got a call from Jimmy Are you sure Bush asked about the Fox projection? Ellis, Jeb, I'm sorry I'm looking at a screen full of Gore Bush but the polls haven't closed in the pan hell Ellis it's not going to help And in earlier interview with Jane Meyer of the New Yorker Ellis seemed even more candid freely admitting maybe he called his cousins And they had called him so he could tell them what he was seeing on the V.S. computer screens Sometime after 6 p.m. according to mayor Ellis received a call from the Bush brothers They were like how we doing Ellis told mayor I had to tell him it didn't look good Later on it was Ellis who called his cousins this time to give him good news Our projection shows it's statistically impossible for Gordon Florida Ellis said there moved was a big time And our later Ellis again wanted to share V.S. information with this cousins this time to tell me just got a message on the computer screens that said the V.S. numbers were wrong you got to be kid me George W. said One might assume that Ellis's several admissions said he related V.S. day to do his cousins would constitute at least one shred of evidence that L.S. as he was seeking but maybe L.S. wasn't accepting volunteered confessions as evidence He was partly justified Ellis's conduct by declaring that two other members of the Fox decision team John Gorman and Aaron are not Michigan were speaking the high level democratic sources throughout the evening Neither was speaking to Gorman of course or to Gorsuch or actually but even if Gorman and Michigan were doing that it wouldn't excuse her or race Ellis's conflict of interest it would only mean that Gorman and Michigan were also engaged in unprofessional conduct involving a massive conflict of interest As the midterm elections approached it's so pretty considered that the new defecto fox decision team leader is John Gorman and this time the national election pool formed in 2004 to replace the disgrace to be in s will provide vote count analysis and projection data to the networks with a Gorman or his colleague Arne and Michigan share concerning dead on election that with the Democrats and violation of the network's contract over the two decision team members solicited information from the Democrats as Ails and Ellis claim they did in 2000s unknown Nor is it known if there are other Republicans on the team will engage in similar contacts which GOP representatives Fox refused to allow me to talk with John Gorman about the Network's election activities but the fact that the fox network chief Roger Ails laws law such partisan higher level contact is not reassuring indeed Ails refused to the White Pell is anything wrong with all this is behavior on election night 2000 and the praise it instead says a lot about Fox's view of ethics and what the network has brought to the news profession news profession my ass David W. more author of how to steal on election the inside story of how George Bush's brother and fox network miss called the 2000 election and changed the course of history and how many dead people are either they because of it lots and lots thousands hundreds of thousands including almost 3000 American but nevertheless hard work pretty well worked by the way I stand that as long as it's somebody else's children it's well worth right 135 votes on our poll today both of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance is leading the way big time 542.2% or he modded his your religion is more yeah your mama so soxon hell 26 pass no is our qa m non sports time we got courtesy hooters of two the humper from a four to seven no mad dog today Craig mich and many martes seven o'clock tonight and then it came follows that don't forget loopback roach heavy's got something special going on right now that they've never done before it's their race to a thousand for the first time in the history of their dealership they want to sell a thousand vehicles in one month and they're on the verge in fact the month is on the verge of ending two and make you a deal like you can't even believe they've got the biggest election news cars including those hot new core vets which I love they got your trucks as you these and many vans like you haven't seen they've also got use cars starting in just thirty nine ninety five each and everyone backed by a car factory rinty you're going to love the service and you're reading a lot of the price loopback right as a facility 1000 cars this month so they stay open till midnight every night to get to that thousand number forget the price make them an offer and they'll be any deal make it an offer and they won't refuse more money for your trade zero percent financing rebates about to six grand whatever it takes they'll get your ass in that Chevy only a blueback road Chevrolet with two locations for you and pop at a b to quarter mile west of i ninety five and a coconut creek on four forty one just after the saw grass express way don't forget the back road staying open till midnight every night so if you want an unbeatable deal on the Chevy of your dreams you had for the back road damn soon or check them on the web at loopback road b a c a t i r o d t don't forget the d stock falls the  of Black brought their call and feeling I had an American house and a troupe of McDonald's and a little bit of a... I was only shooting distresses! I was out in the air, late, inside me with de-taste And that gives I him bird And where it sounds like I hear I know what I'm saying! I'm in for a diet and 16 But to the world with... But my name from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really! It's not time to get off the plane Just relax and take it easy You're just dumb, that's your fault It wouldn't happen if I were to find a accent And a rag if you won't A detainee I know I'm gonna be an Asian or a classic! What are you gonna do?! I asked myself every day Which Americans should think? Tell me, who would you harm and slay? Don't be scared, you're never looking! I'm coming to the neck of a woman! She lives in a veil and expels her... So by no catch, she was collecting her table in 1995 Or you can play with me some nice little card Or weapons of nice little drugs! Who are you?! From 32, it's our non-sports time here on the New York Road You've got this, sports time starts at 2 Ines at 10 starts at 2 Got it? Got it? Good! And don't forget to turn off a spring ahead Or just throw a fallback How do we do it? Fallback, turn your clock back in an hour When you go to bed tomorrow night Or you can do it right now, get way ahead of it! And that would be a good idea! Sure! 13, 21 votes on the pool Most of the world's problems caused by religious intolerance 5, 55, which you won't have to be something If I get to the 66, oh yeah! Oh yeah! 3,383, Ignore 1998, Corruption 98, Overpopulation 63 Stop making so many babies guys, dang it! I hate this pool 19, and natural disasters 5 Do you think we got a shot of 15 today? You got a shot of that And we're going to do 15, 15 votes What do you think Josh? A show Ah! Well what the hell do you guys know? So you're probably your blood sugar like 700 right now No, you haven't eaten any more than ice cream, Maya No, I like half of it and put the rest in the fridge And Josh said he could make this whole tub Oh yeah! Now what was it? Rocky Rhodes? Sure, we both had one Oh you guys both had Rocky Rhodes and then I've had Fudge on it, didn't? No, oh thank god! Well they're laughing like Rocky Rhodes and he had Fudge, which it doesn't But it's actually what their famous for is all those Concoctions in order to have like a butter scotch Shirt on them, they brought a lot of that stuff They're losing grouping stuff, you know? We didn't want that, they brought a lot of that stuff then They're all the kitchen What kind of an idiot are you anyway? What did it wants to live? Oh man, I would eat the hot-fudge ground and what did they bring it in? A giant tub? All would have just suck it around the tub And speak of that, wait to hear this, what time is man? I fell into a bucket of stuff again, I cannot believe it American people are burning listen, listen Americans are burning nearly a big-en-warkello's Against each other, they didn't 1960 because of their expanding waistlines Oh yeah, we're fat Simply put more weight in the car means lower gas mileage I mean, is that a surprise that fat people have more gas? No, I would think that And we don't want to start with that, yes, it was an awful lot of gas Was seeping through, I'm sure the George wasn't too happy about that In fact, even a moth came in there, we like certain act of Buch Boss again She was like, I'll whip up about that, you know what I'm saying? Oh, until recent gas prices of 2,000 and 20 cents a gallon I'm sorry, using recent, I'm not reading well today, it all Probably because of a meat and too much, you're a butcher Using recent gas prices of 2,000 a gallon That translates to about 2,000,000,000,000 2 billion dollars more spent on gas each year The bottom line is that our hunger for food, our hunger for oil Are not independent, we're hungry There's a relationship between the two cities of University of Illinois Researcher, Sheldon Jacobson, a study co-author If a person reduces the weight in their car, either by removing excess baggage Carrying around less weight in their trunk or yes, even losing weight They'll indeed see it drop in their fuel consumption I should proud of me, I'm not wasting any gas Yeah, I'm not driving but I'm not wasting any gas Generating some Lots, oh you can't even begin Although now when I would like to in the shower and then I stopped to clean me shower Are you starting again? The lost mileage is pretty small for any single driver Jacobson said the typical driver someone who records less than 12,000 miles annually Would he use roughly 18 fewer gallons of gas over the course of a year If they lost a hundred pounds What if you wait like 140? At 220 again, I would be savings of almost $40 Wow, that last about two and a half minutes on a bad machine it would buy Mon Outside experts said that even if the calculations are not exactly silly makes sense If you put more weight into your car, you're going to get fuel miles per gallon And more University health care analysts can't Can't afford to throw up a few days The same effect has been seen in airplanes Research from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention found that Many flyers have contributed to higher fuel costs for airlines The obesity weight among US adults is doubled Double from 87 to 2003 from about 15% to more than 30% Also the average weight for Merckhamen was $191 and $224 for women About 25 pounds heavier than 1960 160, 160 for pounds for women There are an awful lot of fan asked women run around out there Did you notice? Yes, including even here They got the same deal here because they got the same crap here In fact, when it comes to candy and ice cream I mean can't have a new gut you guys beat all sideways to tell There are candy bars here that don't even exist there That's the bad, like crunchy, never have a crunchy Crunchy what? The studies conclusions are based in those weight figures in Americans 2000 to be driving habits and how about a crispy and not crispy cream That's a donut, a crunchy crisp, a coffee crisp That's fabulous The study will appear in the October December issue of the engineering economist They appear in the European Union on public and American Society of Engineering Education And the Institute of Industrial Engineers sounds pretty high-minded to me Like high-falutin crap The estimates are more than 39 million gallons of fuel are used each year for every additional pound of passenger weight Holy crap The extra amount of fuel consumption blamed on weight gains in 1960 938 million gallons were fill almost 2 million cars with gas for an entire year However, that's only 0.7% of the total amount of fuel consumption Now there is so much so fat, 20 and so much We're going to add some of that ice cream Or you'll fly to Ireland or you know what I had? Where do I have it? On a wire ahead of it and ice cream shop And I don't even like kip-kid bars, all of you don't have that one bit Yeah we do, which we can play it Yeah we're right You play it In fact, it's not even hearing more, there was a good idea Well it was a ride with kip-kid bar Okay, so I don't like kip-kid bars at all In fact, you know me, I'm a kitty freak But if I'm good at a kitty bar, that would be one of the last ones I would buy Although I would also dilatate the last one I would buy with anything with peanut butter I hate peanut, I like peanut butter by itself You don't want to mean this the opposite It's just like mushrooms I like shrimps by themselves But on pizza, I hate them I will not eat mushrooms I'm sorry But anyway, kip-kid ice cream did you ever hear of it? Nope Well I never did either And man, it was good stuff And the amazing part of it is that most of the is absolutely over and over again Most of the candy flavored ice creams are crap like Snickers And M&M's and M&M's and M&M's and SMART-E's ice cream It's all crap Very disappointing It's disheartening Leave it in a maras ice cream, would you have that? No I don't want to get you all whipped up now I have to go right over to the fridge again And start shoveling gallons of that ice cream from Jackson's down here Throw it again No, I'm already swore it Really? No, no, no, what did you have just a rocky road? You're right, have a tuba rocky road Oh man, I love rocky road It's great Not as much as rocky red tuin but almost In fact, if I were to think of it The Ben and Jerry's flavors, I don't know what it was with that Maybe because they were just addictive and they were too damn I don't know It's like crispy cream, how that fad died Real fast because people were dying from it We're just eating it Eating like dozens at a time And just suing from it And it's the same thing with Ben and Jerry's like fish food Now what's the pot of time I love that? And of course with me a pint is just an appetizer That's just to what your palate You know what I mean? Oh yeah But like I wouldn't say if somebody brought in a big tuba fish food right now Man, I wouldn't touch it with your or a spoon I doubt that And I'll want it No, I don't want it No, you don't want it, but if they brought it in you need it I'd be there And what if they brought it in with a big thing a squirt thing of hot fudge You know what would be good hot fudge is This is stuff that really is hot right Oh yeah, you go into like a ice cream Absolutely And ice cream joined In fact I'm sure it's just in what I'm talking about We're happy like in the members of the keep it hot all the time And then they lead it on their oh man When you stop all right Everyone has started me on a ice cream check again And I'm probably gonna wind up getting another damn point of Hagen dies is a banana nut You know how many bananas it takes to make one of them containers Tink life of it on Maybe only a cheap way of it on Okay, if I ever see if I ever see that couple again We're just gonna run out of there Screaming musselini had a point Whatever that means, at least you made the trains run on time But they said you would love Italy I'm turning it right now Boy, there's one place you want to see forget about Amsterdam It's okay, you know, you love Italy What are these days? Oh my god You go to a trotterian I know just the one where you ought to go They try They have the and the one thing when you eat there You don't run out of there with a trotter Although if you drink a lot of that bottle water You're not gonna be drinking those sodas with your meals in Rome I mean you could but it just isn't done You know it's it's bad form So you have a little aquamininale Little bottle water And then that'll give it the trots A ride Isn't that the fact that I could tell you some stories about Walking back to my hotel But I better not do that I mean one time I just about I didn't think I was gonna make it And I got to the doctor that floor any elevator, you know You know what I mean? And I stepped off the elevator And just as I started hitting toward my room Thinking all I'm gonna make it after all and guess what? I didn't Oh Experience the difference that Mercedes-Benz of Pompano Mercedes-Benz of Pompano Gary Sarnas says it doesn't matter what time of month you purchase a vehicle Because they always give you the best deal going Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans The 2007 GL class The first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV Or their large selection A great certified pre-owned cars You choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano You'll have over 200 employees working their asses off To provide you with an comparable service They offer you express the loob courtesy vehicles and complimentary cowwash too Making a poem into their business development center You can even earn dealer miles just like frequent fire miles on your air air air air air dealer You have an air dealer with your airline The Rouser Mercedes-Benz of Pompano's indoor expo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles Or vote at bendspompano.com V-E-N-Z Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pompano Commit 1800 new bends That's any WBE-N-Z 1800 new bends You'll find of an i95 and Cuppens Robby Here in Trump that Gary Sarderson Chiby, they will pee in their pants Mercedes-Benz of Pompano And Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other The biggest name So best challenge The biggest is the O'Roshkers For Shreddie of 560 You pay Damn If you see guys making some of them Whatever the heck it is And the people I call in They just like them like they were on the year What of course we did not lie in there I mean it's a terrible But here's an up and look at listen to 610 And I see It's terrible But I tell you one thing What's this fortune A brand that's got to do it Daily morning I love to do it that night I love to do it But daily after you It makes me feel alright A brand that's not to do it It's time to be And come to me Time to go I hope to do it Before I'm not the judge Today I'm just too much I'm a day If one of the me Time to be my love And the man My mind If one of the me Time to leave If you pass Then one day I'll see I'll get my To save to me And save You pay So good And I will buy But take care of me So now I hope to do it When I get up In the car I hope to do it I hope to do it When I'm the video game And every 10,000 voice I hope to do it I hope to do it Until I'm on free And to in time I'm a war I hope to do it Before I hope to do it I'll see I hope to more I hope to do it I hope to do it I hope to do it When I'm the video game I'll see I'll be my love And my mind If one of the me Time to be my love And save And I will get my To save And save You pay So good And I will buy So save So save That's why I hope to do it If you pass So good I hope to do it I hope to do it Until I'm on free I hope to do it If you pass So good I hope to do I hope to do it Until I'm on free And to in time I hope I hope to do it Before I hope to do it I'll see I'll see I hope to Christians I hope to do it Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, I'm so glad I got you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, fifth, the 10-to-1 is our non-sports time. Tony Snow is on her hunting about trying to like, do a temp dance about what would have been. But a Chinese said, waterboarding is okay. I think what they had to do is take Tony Snow right now and get a big bucket of water and just stuff his head in there. Okay. press corps and this thing is said in there's a hand and that's right. Just a little dunk in a water that's all you jackass you idiot. You're fairy. Greg Polan says, Enron skilling sentence in Bush walks. This is short and right to the point. Okay. He says don't kid yourself if you think the sentence thing of just skilling former Enron CFO criminal financial officer. It's 24 years in the Steinermeans that just has been done think again. Can lay. First skilling out of way with murder at least grand larceny like Al Capone convicted of failing to file his taxes. Scaling though, Juan Goli of stock fraud is totally out the hook for his big crime. Taking down California taxes consumers for billions to fraud on the power markets. Jeff Scaling is unborn co-convigged can lay in Enron did not act alone. They can add with a half of another power companies and a dozen investment banks to manipulate both the stock market and the electricity market. And though the co-conspirators have now paid $3 billion to settle civil claims, the executives of these other corporations at banks get a walk on criminal charges. Furthermore, to protect our president's boardroom buddies of many further discomforts, the Bush Justice Department of State's ago indebted Mildberg Weiss, the law firm that Neil Enron's finance industry partners in crime. The timing of the bust of this top corporation battling law firm, SMIC and political prosecution, and a single a big to big business that is business as usual. Scaling has to pay off a still gotten gains to Enron stock holders. But what about the $9 plus billion dollars owed for electricity consumers? The federal energy regulatory commission bushes electricity cops have slept in Ronin's gang of power pirates on the wrist, because that has something to do with the fact that can lay in secret chance with the Taney, so left it the commission's chairman. Team Bush had to throw the public a bone so they throw a skilling for the crime note, not of ripping off the public, but ripping off stockholders the owner class. This limit conviction and the announcement of only one more indictment of the crime bus to his admielberg Weiss is Team Bush's all clear signal for the sharks to jump back in the power pool. And maybe we can stick in the pool when you stick their head under water. Yeah, water board. Stick it in three times. Pull it out to light. 721 friends are my my my my my my asked your space and Josh is thinking boy for a guy like you, that's pretty good. Yeah. And then what you said, funny, dirty old fart kind of yeah. How much of misplowning may have more than 721 young friends? On his only his or your day or your in T of that? Have you heard of his space on his face? 721. In fact, what was that pull you took while I was at vacation? What about Facials? Well, if you're going to be on television all the time like he is lately, you got to stay on power level. I mean, you're touching. You got to have a good consultation or man. You got to go to beauty place and get to hand up. Hand up like a Charlie Christ's matter of fact and get a facial. How much of Charlie said a few of those? Probably most Americans, you're just, you're just going to show up all of ice cream. I read this. I better not. Right. Most Americans do not believe the Bush administration has gone too far and restricting civil liberties as part of the war in terror. A new CNN poll released yesterday since yesterday. Just. All right. Well, 39% of the 1,313 poll respondents said the Bush administration has gone too far. 34% they believe the administration has been right about right on the earth. So there was not too hot, not too cool like the three beers. Just about right. Another 25% said the administration has not gone far enough. The headline here says 25% of Americans want Bush to take more liberties. Oh my god. They can take liberties from them. How's that? No, from us take their liberties. Ask whether Bush has more power than any of the US president and 65% of whole respondents said no. 33% said yes. And those who said yes, a quarter said that it was bad for the country. 72% of whole respondents said they believe the size of the federal government's increase in the past four years. 20% and send believe that's decreased 8% at no opinion they're too stupid. 58% of whole respondents said they would not want their son or daughter to grow up to be president. 56% I ever said they would want their child to grow up to be member Congress. Like Martin Miss Foley. The last three questions rest about half of the sample. 57. Just a clarify. Okay. Just in case anybody got there is keeping track. And once the grill is sent at some day, how many people they ask that I got the idea. What's Miss Brokeh? I do. And what a fascinating conversation you had. This really is something of a remarkable turn about for Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yeah, with, within just the last nine months, I have to write a giant statement. Herter who is a Democratic. This is a man, you know, they specialize in his why is it surprising that we could cause these enemies in the sea. There are just another, you know, arm of NBC of the, just another testicle of their tentacles. Right? They specialize in putting people in the air. Well, probably time to follow you. You can't speak out. Of course, I'm in the morning. Who just mumbles like a old, funny, how many friends you think he's got as my space on his face maker? I'm ready to be able to do it on the door. Right. Oh, we got 13, 70, six. We're not going to make it to 15. Are we? That would be a push. That would be sweet. Well, I haven't been pushing at this half hour. I need to be pushing it. And you guys are to believe that they might scream from Jackson's. Oh, for me. I don't forget by the way, join the street team, the Senate. Well, what is the street team? Well, it's a team they throw them out on the street. Well, seriously, what is that? It's a promotion's concept. I'm going to check out on the street. Join the street team, this Sunday, noon at two at Blueback Road, Sherylate, that's one of the huge American flag up there. 18 or one West and nine of the world are in Pablo Beach. Stop by the West, spend the wheel for our usual graphic QM prizes and say how to judge and say, God like you ought to have at least the friend. We have, we just got the route. We're going to have a book of tickets, life and all the women would think they'd lift her in the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one or two of us. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers air and balance one of it to our water, blows. I didn't say I had a car ball Maybe a nightmare seemed as a car ball here Who is he's going to let's go hit your heart I'm happy no taste to be if you're something little star Get me a car ain't always cool So have this show for getting first Don't you feel proud you know a car ball We're being known a car ball New preference and a watch out for home 7 out of 4 we need 13 votes in 58 minutes. It's like just about two a minute We can do that that's generally the you know that sounds like a lot of not really Not when you don't have anybody listening. I mean, you know once upon a time when we had that big audience Remember when QM was like really kicking some serious Nope, oh yeah, we were what you did in the first of second book we were on a station We made the full bonus the station was number one and 25 to 54 men and we of course Number one by a mile that was once yeah, and then what's again? It happened and you don't want to think it was I think it was just before Greg Blue to hold place up there We had that big book here I know he's your little dog was on there eight to ten. Yes, I did preceded by Do do do do do do do that Russo film exposes criminal banking syndicate that rules America the film is called America freedom to fascism In 1913 America was a free country then a band of powerful bankers achieve their fathers and great-grandfather's goal America's never been the same Soon the world will not be the same Aaron Russo expertly exposes the treterist federal reserve act and the fact that there is no law that stipulates American citizens have to pay income taxes Yeah, just try it The ratification of the 16th Amendment also known as the tax amendment represents a fundamental undermining of the constitutional law in America It's the greatest host ever perpetrated against the American people by the elite private banking institutions That if you see if government is an arm of their overall control mechanism Russo presents interviews with the impressive range of government officials IRS special agents FBI officers Policisions and tax attorneys who research and subsequently campaign against the federal reserve act And thus reveals why the IRS is an illegal foundation called them in dreared The income tax does not mean either criteria of constitutionally legal taxation in America That is direct abortion tax or indirect uniform tax The IRS claims that the 16th Amendment allowed for a third form of taxation however a Supreme Court ruling on the amendment states that it allows for no new forms of taxation More Supreme Court cases in the same period can from the same conclusion The 16th Amendment did not allow the federal government to love you new tax Thus there was no constitutional basis for the income tax The findings of the grace commission a blue ribbon panel pointed by President Ronald Reagan found that a hundred percent of what is collected is absorbed solely by interest on the federal debt All individual income tax revenues are gone before one equal is spent on the services tax fairs expect from government Education health and community of keep is paid for out of state and local property taxes gas taxes liquor taxes Unable proceeds from the income tax don't pay for these things the income tax money goes to pay for defense and the expense of corporate America In essence every day American people are funding expansionist wars in the playboy lifestyle of the financial institutions that then further profit of Magnificity can become even more powerful the income taxes the tool of totalitarianism It's to means by which the corporate control government manipulates the people on a mass scale and lost him into servitude It's the people don't know what their rights are then agency that knowingly breaks the law isn't going to tell them the banks not control America They print the currency and tell the people what it's worth they had the legal rights account of it money This could have taught the nine open an accountable government by a leaders private interest Represents the tipping point from freedom and the long-sleeved toward fascism since the government's primary goal stopping the welfare of the people of the cease to exist as a legal entity This is exactly what Thomas Jefferson won the American people may happen Jefferson said if the American people ever allowed the banks to control the issuance of their currency The banks and corporations that will throw up around the bloody private people of all property until their children make up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered Russo they weren't putting filmmaker who produced the rose and trading places confront the IRS in Washington as quickly reprimanded by Homeland Security He discovers that those who stood up to the income tax slave system and simply asked the question where is the law have been slanted and personally attacked because to reduce the issue to a rational debate would immediately expose the truth and behind the entire scan Russo discovered that this is not come about by accident and is a plan and coordinated agenda The younger generations have no concept that they've been running to a trap for which they can't escape the middle classes being systematically and purposely wiped out Leaving behind a population on the brink of surf them like George the purchasing power of the dollars been destroyed by design Leaving behind a cost of living only affordable to those who profit from the system New laws passed through con we seek to further enslave people by making it harder to clear bankruptcy While at the same time allowing the banks to charge huge amounts of interest to us both parties working with the banks legally enslaved the nation The people of America being fed upon by the elite and devoured alive and they barely even recognize it. It's the perfect crime the pinnacle of criminal capitalism You say it the pinnacle of criminal capitalism the pinnacle of criminal capital you write it is with this in mind that Russo delves deep into the big brother control agenda And places it succinctly within the context that needs to be understood and what is being sold to the American people they as patriotism is fascism And it's part of the same overall agenda to rape the people financially spiritually and mentally. This is the only place to go to get more out of America If you can literally control the movements people make an actions they take you will in their world You need to see this film now it's in one hour and 49 minutes Error so spells out what's at stake in what happened when the American people stopped questioning and started trusting the government The movie is America freedom to fascism I want to see it right now Speaking of fascists speaking of people I don't want to be picking on those Muslims but to it Well, there's maybe waking up like I said increasingly dissolution with more than five years of the global war on terror Error and Muslim American voters are poised to vote heavily democratic in November 7th, midterm elections according to two polls released this week That's not always love the American Strong majority of Arab American voters in key states for the Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania and Florida Intendable for the Democratic candidates for Senator corn was survey released Wednesday by the A.A.I. the Arab American Institute A The same poll conducted by Zabian National found that a whopping 76% of Arab Americans This approved a performance of George W. Bush, or received a 46% ferality of the Arab American vote when first elected to office in 2000 alleged A.S. which party they would prefer to control Congress, 57% of Arab American citizens The Democrats only 26% said they favored Republicans that was a considerably larger gap than the general Hoding Public which according to CNN poll released yesterday, Fever Democrats 57 to 40, 17% Still pretty heavy duty Another survey of Muslim American voters released by the Council on American Islamic relations on Tuesday Also found widespread disillusionment with Bush for whom a majority of Muslim Americans voted in 2000 Especially regarding the war on terror and foreign policy That poll conducted by Genesis research in August found that only 17% of Muslim American voters Consider themselves Republicans now widely plurally a 42% said that were Democrats in 26% So they don't belong to either party because it's prohibited by the core and or some crap like that And when you're doing all that dawning on the carpet all the time, who's got time to party right right The same survey in which Muslims were identified from voting records by common names Provided among Muslims and listed on a club convert to didn't change her legal names Also found widespread disapproval of the West policy toward the Islamic world 7 and 10 respondents agreed with the statement a just resolution to the Palestinian cause would improve America standing in a Muslim world world two thirds said they were in favor of working toward normalization of relations with Iran And 55% agreed with the assertion that the war on terror has become a war on Islam Is that what supposed to be radical Islamophacism is that what your president said? A Islamophacism. I wonder if you're too much of a answer. So 70% of Muslim voters said they disagreed with the proposition that the war in America has been worthwhile for America While only 12% said they believe that it was By contrast only 39% of the US and Republicanly believes that the US action in Iraq was the right thing About two thirds of the roughly three and a half million Arab Americans living here are Christian Mostly either Roman Catholic or Orthodox rather than Muslim But you didn't know that. Just as my cab driver my husband he's cab driver. He's got he's got the crosshanging from the Arab humir baby With the beads in the whole deal with Catholic boy now Paints to Muslims like poison. I shouldn't said that. That's about he hates him. Of course he hates a lot of people. He's up big it. That's why he and I get along so well Similarly only one of us he only about 40% of Muslim Americans are the ancestors He'll from the Arab world nearly one of three is a vision ancestry another six percent is African and five percent Iranian Of the roughly five million Muslim Americans about one million registered to vote according to more Hamid Neemer who conducted these survey Now in the meantime, I'm going to hear this. Mosque refuses to sack cleric who defended rape He's still we had the other day. We got 14 every now now. We really need the lean on and baby. We got 49 minutes We got 1403 to get 97 votes. That's almost exactly two a minute. You think they're going to come through for us on a Friday Huh? We missed that on tissue love. We missed that on circus. That's the very least they can do for us whatever that means You can do it and we got 721 friends on our my space and Josh says boy for an old bag like you. That's not a bad number The biggest name so best tell us if you have anything I'll try trust the force video 560 I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I you can only imagine what was like at Congress in fully staff meetings oh no, kind of 14 25 on a pull what do you think we need what do we need 75 oh so yeah we're starting to you know cut down at the ratio. We need less than two a minute to be easy we had an audience left I got news for folks. You're watching your presiding over. were watching your listening. You'll see there's no regime. What do I tell you back in the early part of the year and you said, oh, that was a hell of a guy. You're the hell of a guy. Look at your dog right. You'll see. Anyway, here's the fact it says as a Hispanic American, I'm embarrassed that imperialist such as Ralph Arza would be one of our statehouse representatives. Nevertheless, I'm not surprised this kind of social imperialism that certain parts of South Florida is panicked, we believe, and produced social imperialism. Well, I like that. I support and thank you, Robertson, the continuation of exposing these power hungry political animals, especially the ones close to home. This is very essential that the General Service you provide because at the end of the day politics will always start local, sincerely sign, plus this is BS, go to Oregon often. Thank you, senior. Wherever you are. It's legit. If it's not legit, well, whatever. You must have a question. It looks like a real facts. I don't think... Oh, sorry. What is that? I'm just the timing. The reader line. I can't you started it. Oh. Oh, it's the Rick Santorum, the wrestling champion. He's wrestling with his conscience. He ain't got a Chinatmen's chance in Helen, Pennsylvania. Well, we'll get to it as soon as he shuts up for a second if he ever does. Freud, he says that, you know, he's given sort of shady answers as to what he really thinks about that, but I can tell. In some cases, he's got a 12 point lead over Santorum in Pennsylvania. Santorum, you're out. You've fastest you. You've fetus hugging lunatic. But he had one time was not for bunker-busting development of those vans. And now he's changed his mind. But if he had about that, I mean, this is a guy I got to tell you, read it. This guy's got a loser written all over his face. Let me send to him what a heatful piece of turn he is. Brand X candidate and as soon as you challenge him, I didn't know anything. They're lost like you've got to be on the wrong side of you. Just jump on the other side and try to muddy the issue. When he was just not a guy that you wanted to harm this at the time when our country is in that in his threat. And that's the whole point that's not just in that threat. But I mean, this is not a man who understands the issues who's wanted to stand up and fight against the enemies that are out there or even take positions against the enemies that are out there. You know, the only thing is comparing your opinion from Mark Mike to Ryan and Ohio. You're worried? I mean, are you still getting to the board of the Republican for that? Because he's trailing. Yeah, absolutely. We've gotten a tremendous, a probably almost $5 million with a support from the RNs. I think I should mid-can that article about Santorum. Now, one of his election publicity stunts and it was a stunt. He wrestled that he was in a wrestling match. I'd be wrestling with his freaking conscience if he had one. Anyway, he ought to get back to the show and forget about Rita. I know you get a system when she comes on. So you could have a title for it. I don't know. She may not look at Boba. She sounds like crap. Citizens for responsible and ethics in Washington crew is found in appeal with the federal agencies to force the release of communications regarding the destruction of records pertaining to visits by the Squash lobbyist Jack Abramov. Wednesday, Krufildan administrative appeal with the National Archives and Records Administration for a failing to disclose communications regarding the handling of sequence service visitor records. Kruf was seeking records of communications that, now I had with the sequence service regarding the agencies' practice of destroying visitor records to the White House. Kruf was an advocacy organization based in Washington, and DC, who stayed in the mission as to five government corruption. The executive director of Kruf statements continued efforts to hide the truth. Kruf told Pierce the White House's order and there are not to comply with Kruf's Freedom of Information Act request. Kruf will continue to litigate the issue to ensure the American people in all the facts. Kruf. You go, Kruf. 14.35. What do you think? All right. This is a real battle. See, if I would have pushed in whatever one-third you do, whatever was, 12.31. And that half hour. But you got me all whipped up thinking about ice cream. Fresh one, I played that. That's why I played ice milk to do it, just to get even. Well, then later. I'm sure you will. I'll probably go out and get like a half a gallon of ice cream. Rocky Road. Oh, boy. Now, you know, where was where I had that ice cream? It was, it falls to you and I will fall. When you go down the escalator from the casino downstairs, they get all these little shops. They've got a, oh, what kind of was the name of that burger joint? Oh, man. I can't believe I used to think it was sonic, but it's not. As far as change like, RC Fartsy kind of like where they had the old fashioned milkshakes and little little burgers and, um, patty melts stuff like that. I can't think of one name. But anyway, they got a food court down there and on the food court, there's a nice cream joint. And that's where I got my, um, kipcat ice cream. Just, just two scoops in a cup. That's all I had. Although it would have been a lot better with how fudge on it. And whipped cream in a couple of cherries. Mmm. You got me started as your fall. I don't, spell swallowing. What did she do? He arranged this whole thing. Oh, that's okay. I love Jackson's. It's got nothing to do with that. It's like, you're like sitting there, mind your mind, or what the ice cream. And I'm sitting here thinking about it because I'm addicted to it. 37 minutes and we need 59 votes. But that's a piece of cake. We have 14, 41 of them pulled. The audience just coming through. Forget the cake. Forget that crappy ice cream. That's just what we're saying. The shownies. The shownies. The old human. I go. Wow. A little bit of an echo there, Rita. Anyway, getting back to the story about the, I controversial musk, a cleric who said women didn't wear a veil. This is in Sydney, Australia. Women who didn't wear a veil were uncovered meat. Asking to be raped. Look at this job as the spiritual leader of Australia's 250,000 muslim. She touched in Al-Hallali was confirmed as Moffty of Australia today. After the governing body of Sydney's largest musk, Rally behind these if you've been born clear. Never trust a guy with a musk, a musk, a musk, a zero or loan ranger. Or spider, man. The board of status five with an ocean that certain statements made by the Moffty was misinterpreted. It's trauma, Zurika. The head of the Lebanese muslim association told local radio. Zurika said the Moffty would take two or three months off from preaching. Prime Minister John Howard, who went picked Al-Hallali for a 14 member muslim advisory panel, said remarks in Arabic in a fasting month sermon. When I was doing Rally Donman, to 500 worshipers that compared unveiled women to food left for Australia cats were appalling and reprehensible, comparing unveiled women to food left for Australia cats. Those slut. Like garbage. Howard Ward Muslims, they risked a backlash from other Australians as they continued to defend Al-Hallali against mainstream opinion. If it is not resolved and unfortunately people were running around saying, well the reason they didn't give it to him is because secretly similar to the support of his views Howard said. A year ago there were picked battles on Sydney beaches between white youths and men's of Arabic to send the riots for described as the worst outbreak of racial violence in Australia's history. Remember those? I remember that. Others in Howard's government have called on Al-Hallali to be prosecuted for insiting sexual assault or to be deported. He said, Al-Hallali said, if you take out uncovered meat and place an outside on a street or in the garden or in the park or in the backyard without the cover and the cats come and eat it, who's called as if the cats are the uncovered meat. The uncovered meat is the problem he said. In an address that was taken recorded by the Australian newspaper, Al-Hallali said, a woman who stayed home and was a failed would be safe from sexual assault. If she was in her room and her home and her own jeep and her veil, no problem would have occurred. But when she goes outside without the veil, it's like holding up a big sign, and it's like, please, please, I'm just a piece of meat. We're kind of meat, did he say? Uncover meat. My favorite kind. Oh yeah. Uncover that please. The biggest name, so the best talent to be this is the old Roger's sports radio 560. The new A-M. The new A-M. Hey everybody, come from a heavyweight champion in the world, my question. I'm coming to see you to fight you. Anybody want to fight my ties, no one. I mean, I'm always, I used to be sad that that means I'm the long-leakest. Remember when I do bad by seeing, but I'm still so excited and in T-Supply 2, I'm always the bad thing, but I'm the craziest round when I get into the ring now. What it is, now I fall down, now I'm falling out on tour, and I think I'm going to tour, and if I'm five and six, if I lose, I'll fight and run into great baby out and my ties to the few ones. Even if I've got no last name, I'm coming in from the moment I'm getting that bad thing. I think I can keep you, my stupid little, my ties and my ties to the few boxes of everything. And I'm gonna eat your kids, I'm gonna play YouTube, I love me, which with the whole lot of these everybody loves me, I love the league stuff. Awesome, I'm only Kim, it's 14.55, we got him, we've slowed down to a crawl, that's not the bad thing, we've got the 20 minutes to go, and we need 44, 45 votes. I mean, it's not insurmountable, 14.56, they're pouring in by the ones now. They're in different, 14.57, so do I'm saying every time we refresh it, there's another one. So just keep refreshing it. Aha, some Ohio. You got it? Think we're gonna break it? Yeah, I think you will. We can do it on a Friday boy, it's gonna be real feather and Georgia's cap, and then he can pick up all that ice cream all over the board. The lawyer for, yeah, and the media has been pronouncing his name, Marcia. This priest of it, there's some priest who allegedly fumbled the fully. Well, he said, oh, he seemed to like it. How can you pronounce his name as M-E-R, C-I-E-C-A? Marciaca, not Marcia. Well, maybe it would have known. She's quite the banana. The lawyer for Catholic priest who had nosed fondly from a representative Mark Foley when Foley was a teenager, and who thought he liked it. Said today that we're no grounds for legal case against the clergymen, and it done odd allegations by a second man who said the priest molested him. Father Anthony Marcia, whatever his name is, but he was that nothing happened to everybody else in San Marcia. Father Anthony believes that nothing that happened between him and Mark Foley some four years ago could provide solid grounds for legal action against him. But we're an Alfred Greck, said an email from his office in Malta, to the AP in Rome. He therefore considers the aggressive and unfavorable exposures being unfair, and I'm justified. Marciaca, who is returned lives on the Malta's outlet of Goatsau, was quoted by media and Florida's saying that he fumbled Foley and was nude with him on several occasions, while serving in a parish in the US state in the 1960s. In the photo and the AP last week he insisted that his association with the boy wasn't sexual. He seemed to enjoy it. Oh, that case. The Malta's Church has opened a problem in the case, not only that if thanks you to semi-mini to go and hence a certain aroma to it. The mole one. Okay. In Florida, the Archdiocese, Mami's confirmed that Marciaca is the person fully set abuse him as a team, and has barred the priest from all church work as an investigates for the explain. Earlier this week another former Alfred Boyn Florida came forward, said he was sexually abued by Marciaca in the 70s. The man's lawyer, Jeffrey Hermann said his client was an alterbore at St. Ian's Catholic Church, where Marciaca worked. The priest speaking through his attorney denied the allegation, and describes it as best a figment of the imagination, and at worst a malicious fabrication. Hermann sued the Archdiocese of Mami for his client. On Wednesday, seeking more than $10 million in damages, I'll take a piece. His client now, 40, identified in law suddenly as John Dore number 26. Since Marciaca abused him when he was about 12 years old. The Archdiocese of Mami had no idea to attend that. He might have been abusing all of her boys. They don't own that, you know? Just like Cardinal Law in Boston. He didn't own that. Nobody knew not. That's why they could move in around the like pieces on the chessboard. They'd maybe suspected, but they would be didn't know not. Right? Right. Fourteen 61, man. I must have been a hell of a year. Maybe that's when the Columbus was born. Do we know? I'm sure we could look at that. I got a little inquisitive or Columbus. Well, if he could, if he discovered America, allegedly in 1492, 1461, he would have been like 31 years old. About 20 minutes. Yeah, I have no idea. Nothing about Columbus. Maybe I need to go back to school. I think I might have to go back to college, I believe. I don't think I might have. I don't think I might have. Big me on my own roommate. Well, maybe maybe two. You know, in fact, I think when I first went off to Michigan, I think I had two roommates, my first room. I believe I did. Yes, I did. 1451. Well, you know, if you were out the first one, then the other one cannot always be like a standby. I mean, Josh has got a roommate. Yeah. Yeah. All the way, you know, they sleep far apart. I'm the same bed, but not close. 1463, you know, and I've never watched that show again. Is it still on the year? I don't know. The supernaturally. I don't know. I don't get to one time off. I would be in the same and Jan and Dean, whatever. Tom Armand has said to us, is the Ludlow teacher charged with making a bomb threat at the school where she works for the non-globalists, and it was released from police custody. This is a, I just don't understand the story. Tina Fisher, 36 of Westfield Mass was arrested Wednesday. After a 30 said she stuck a note to the wall of the East Street Elementary School that referenced the principal and said, bomb boom, but a boom. Huh? But a big bomb, Kamabum. She had been held on bail as released after her appearance yesterday in Palmer District Court. I guess maybe she didn't like the principal. Bomb boom. As a condition of release, Fisher must stay away from East Street School and it's principal and report to probation once away. She scans a return to court December 12. She's been a special education teacher for East Street for five years. And obviously, think the principal's a real a-hole or something like that. Bomb boom. But a big bad abum. Isn't that what they said? And then movie, whatever it had, movie was. Like a. Stop being your plundit brains all over your nice sign. I like that. 1466, four average idiotic is on the edge of their seats right now. Some of the people on the road were listening to their cars and pulled off the road they're on the shoulder right now because of the excitement. They can't handle the pressure. You know what I mean? They pulled off the side of the road. It feels like, oh, here's that story. Senator Rick Sand, Tom knocks out a rest of a new campaign that was posted on you. Two. A few days ago, coined a raw story. What a silly ass he is. Sand, Tom stresses his record on teaming up for Democrats including Barbara Boxer, Senator Julie, where we're even Hillary Clinton. On a certain legislation, his costume rest was tussled on a ring before an extended crowd. Well, I wonder if what's his name was in there? Peter Rao Piper, Peter Ra Parker. Oh, that's right. Remember that's how he got started on this whole dealer. He picked out the costume right? Spider-man? He had to rest all the much of man. Two often Sandform says this is what it seems like in Washington. But to get things done, you've got to work together. Right. If Republican Senator Blubber's his own message from inside the ring as one wrestler, Finn's the other one down. What they say about those wrestlers, don't you? Yeah. Just before saying I approve this message, Sand Tour, I'm cold Cox, a menacing-looking wrestler who was sweeping up behind him without working with him. But he said, I said he flattened him. Well, that's what it says here, okay. I understand. A less humorous commercial release by the Sandform campaign, Kimmeits, the restrain that I have to use because I got so many great lines. Oh, yeah, no, no. Don't do it. 14, what do we got? 72. We need to all. What year was he born? 1451? Correct. So that means he was like 41. Which probably back in the day 41 was like, and not all, but better, pretty mature, yeah. If you're almost just thinking of the day in a week, what days November 5, week from tomorrow? It is. What is that week from the Sunday? I think it's week from Sunday because I told you I was 31. Don't forget to turn your clock back, fall back, to spring ahead tomorrow night at 2 in the morning. November 5 is Sunday? Yes. So I'll be 64. I'm going to be ancient. But a year after that, if I survive, do you realize what I'm going to be? He says an old thing. So he missed it as an oi. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Unless humor is commercial released by the San Throne campaign, Kimmeits, footage, and Democratic Shumdor, Bob Casey, with leaders of access to VivoLations, North Korea, and Iran, as mushroom clouds fill the screen. The ad riffs Casey for opposing bunker-busting bombs and a missile defense system. He associated a pressure force at the San Throne campaign, his purchased $700,000 worth of ad time for the mushroom. And which can be seen in San Throne's official website, but is pulling away from broadcast TV to focus on cable channels, such as A&E, CNN, and the Discovery Channel. A&E should only croath the stuff that they put on the air now. Dogged abounding, how did that happen? One of the more intellectuals, sure. They got that the illusionist guy, what is his name? Chris Angel. Chris Angel, the, what is the ease of the illusionist? Isn't that it? The mind free. The mind, that's it. Chris Angel, mind free. Never seen the chef. They got the worst crap on there on A&E, and I like some of the stuff they have on. Like a medical injustice with Bill Curtis, very melodramatic. Let's see what they got on the night. They got old 24 city confidential, I like. What's that guy's name? Walter Winchell, that does the narration? I don't know. IOS, cool files, sometimes can be good. Crossing Jordan. I don't know what that's all about. I think that's what Mark Foley did to that page. CSI Miami, you got it. Look at that. It must be CSI Miami head. They got one after the other on this. Hours of it. Hours and hours of crap. 1476. I bet you that's when he was sitting there on a bend of me with cream Isabella. When you think, it's all about right? Or with some Spanish queen. The 50's name. So, that's gonna be the only one. From a gris, 420-560. You ain't in. It's back to our Friday, you best. I know it's a name of a dude. It is me, Bula. You good friend, Bula? I could hardly recognize you with your Derby and Gala. So, it's dingy when I just washed it. Then you must do like I do. And wash audio clothing in new blue fat to cheer. It wights white and brightened scholars. So, your Derby will not bed or become dingy like when you use other detergent. And then I will not be mistaken for a SUNY again when I use fat to watch you. Never. And it's sad for your delicate items too. So, that take a chance on giving a rock in the head because your Derby and I stated to do a best strategy. Get that what you can do. Okay, 146 EQM, that's our anti-sports time. We got their Curtis Stevenson for the man dog from Hooters at 2. Then the Humper for 3-Saw hours today, the power hour hank gonna be doing a by himself. 4-5 and then 5-7 and thanks to our... We probably have somebody on with it. When we were that. I know the last time it was like my Toreco. And you know, you'll find a gas temperature. But that you're seeing a missing the whole point. The idea of the power hour is that we got these two juggernauts. These two big good Jackheads, a mad dog and hank together. Like Toreco and Epic and I'm for you? My Toreco is a big star. Are you kidding me? Holy cow, you gotta be a Schmidt-Memie man. Next you're gonna be telling me about Dick Stockton. What a great sportscaster he is. By the way, you realize that the world's serious is the lowest rate of all time. And rightfully so it's crap. Well, it hasn't been very exciting. Has been very, very, very... That's probably so far in the Tigers. Unfortunately, we need to disappoint a big time. And that's very sad. I'll tell you what else is really sad. It's a good thing that I decided to go through my pile here because we're run out of time. 1482 by the way. Oh my god, it's almost time to discover America. I remember America. 1483. We got 13 minutes for 17 votes. Oh that's easy. That's piece of cake. Can't take. Sounds good. This is what it said. It's from the Toronto Starry. Republicans take aim at Tennessee Democrat and also accused of race beating. GOP election at Tom's Canada. Oh, the Canadian government has lots to complain with. The Bush administration over Republican election ad that beat little's Canada as a global free loader. How do you like that? Oh my god. How do you like that, eh? Canada's ambassador to Washington, registered to this pleasure or a recited election ad from Tennessee that implied Canada doesn't pull its way into international matters. You know what the population of Canada is? How many million? Let me give you a clue. About 30 million? Yeah. About 30. A whole country. The Republican National Committee said Wednesday would face out the ad. But it's unclear whether the move came before or after Wilson's phone call. Although the conservative government enjoys a warm relationship with the Bush administration of course, it can aid an official wasn't shy about condemning the ad. We'd like to remind the Republicans that Canada is playing an important role in rebuilding Afghanistan the official said. The Bush administration is very unpopular in Canada, no kidding, especially in urban areas where the tourism need to create support if they open the win majority government. No chance. The televisionage chief target is Democratic Senate candidate Harold Ford Jr. who just made a cover of Newsweek and is fighting the Republican Bob Crocker and a pivotal race of the do or diversified to control the upper house of Congress. Various actors made 30 second spots against Ford as a tax and spend playboy, a gun control supporter, and soft on terror and nuclear threats to the U.S., one man in the U.S., as Canada can take care of North Korea, they're not busy. Prime Minister Stephen Harper's opponents have been eager to explore his closeness to the to Bush. Yeah, and then I go to my ex-pages and did it make any sense. That was enough of that. Birds of a feather failed together because Stephen Harper wants to be Bushed Jr. anyway. You know, kind of like Bushlight, Bush not quite as malignant but almost. Well, and we wind and refresh this could be real interesting. 1486, like I said it could be real depressing. But you got 1486, 1483. I got 14. Some way ahead of you. That's because I would turn my clock way ahead. Don't forget to turn your clock back in our fallback springing head. Okay, right that on your wrist. So many stupid people in so little time spring ahead fall back. So I'd like you to say, oh, when you're stupid. He'd change his back and forth. It's like when you go to Europe and you got to say you're a watch ahead five hours. In England and six hours on the mainland. Huh? Just pick a time that's the time. You know, whatever time you say it is, we'll go along with you. In fact, it's time to leave. See, it's a 1487, 1487. This is not good. We got 10 minutes to get 13 votes. Now you'd say, I think they're trying with us today. They're playing with our my emotions. The most important is working with 1488. I already showed it off. I will not look at her. Much less to listen to. You're a Europe sest. You started it. Yeah. This was the thing. You put on that. I'm not going to make it even when you for this ice cream thing. Every morning. I'm not going to get to the after. I didn't know ice cream. I'm going to do it. Go eat something else instead. Ooh. Four. Four. Four. 1889. See, they're playing games with me now. They're just, you're messing with my mind. They're not. Yeah. They're just having their way with me. That's okay. Most of the world problems are caused by religious intolerance. 631 over 42% of this very even crowd. Thank God, man. Oh, God. Most of the problems caused by greed. 425 ignorance as in. 20. How dumb do you have to be to still support Bush? That's a good question. How stupid could you possibly be? Amazing. Love it. Corruption 110 over population 69. Oh, that's just an, uh, Exham. I hate this pool 21 just 1.4% they like it. And natural disaster is 5. Natural disaster like Greg Reed is throwing QM 1492. All right, Columbus. I've done 1492. We've got it. I mean, we need a bore for a five for a five vision. 15 hundred. But nevertheless, we got to 1492. Aren't you proud? I'm excited. Now is that on the nintendo, the pinto, the synth and morenta. My eighth grade teacher her name was Edith Helfer. Coincidence. And she looked at me and she said, you be helper. Uh-oh. And said, I'd be disgusted by your nasty old. She was an old nasty bitch. She had long since dead by the way. Long since dead. That was an eighth grade. You know how many hundred years ago that was? About 30 years. She was a nasty old bag old, old, dank. I shouldn't have said that. Maybe she's still alive. I'm sure you had that. She was a hundred years old back then. And that's how many years ago. Another hundred. 152 if you end off again. And I heard us at hooters at two for the mad dog. Let me tell you right now, get over this weekend. Lou back road Chevrolet and help them out and help yourself out with the fantastic deal. And Lou backwards race to 1000. For the first time in their history, they're actually selling cars a thousand cars in one month. And they're going to do it. Just like we get to our goal. They're going to get to theirs. And we're going to do that. Lou back road is thing open till midnight. Every night this month to get to that thousand number. But the month is it's weighing in these are the waning days, baby. It's weighing in over here. Forget the price. Make them an offer and they'll beat any deity ever. And if you're a trade, zero percent financing, we've made some to six. So whatever it takes. And then after you make the purchase, they give you a fabulous service. Believe you, me. I know I've been by my Corbets another cars from Lou back road for over 20 long. Amazing years now. Lou back road Chevrolet with two locations for you. And probably to quarter my life to buy 95. And a coconut creek on 441. Just out of the saw grass. Don't forget their stay open till midnight. Every night. So whatever your schedule, you've got no excuse. Get your answer over to Lou back road for a fantastic. Unbeatable deal on great new Chevy. Or check them on the web at Lou back road. BAC8 RODT. Lou back road.com. And don't forget to join the street team this Sunday. No to two in Lou back road. At 18 or one was to 9.4 bar in Pablo Beach. Stop by the spin the wheel for those very tinsic QM prizes. And say hi to Josh. Give him a big kiss on the lips. You're the best talent for the business. Oh, you're a rocker. Sports video 560. You A M. It's day, if I had the 14 on the floor, we'd end the day off. Oh, I'm so proud of you. You A M. And now I'm lost from three-four days. The offer gone a docks on a social issue. Yeah. Go on for a break up. Who can't get dirty? Unless you are a meeping com, Abarage, everyday, I'm not a com family. We don't keep you the baby. But we do give what to speak. The line took you the baby from Africa. You scuttedly thrones you two years long. Much like the line took it on the airport. You're a rocker. You scuttedly thrones you two years long. Unless you are Jennifer Arrestan. Then you can use this opportunity right through window. And order up whatever you need. Come to Africa. Where the weather is hot and bright. The babies don't hardly cry. Probably because we give them the camel milk. We've seen the surprise them. It's easy to be the baby in Africa. Unless you are an average symbol of us. Or in your country, are you saying equal to you? Love if you are an easy given. The better of all the words come from bread so much. It's no problem. Come to Africa. Where some people question why we only give babies to them as people. And that they will ever suggest you break into other eyes. What else? We say this to you. It's a business. Let's say you are an accountant. You would much rather have the business of meatloat. Then say, Ralph from Carnegie Mousheur, say, Seed, the serpent. Come to Africa. Come to Africa. Let's come to Africa. You are free. Come to Africa. Drummer of Ben cutting crew. We give you the baby. No questions. But if you not famous, the life of the babies starts unfortunately. And please, look at the in-line. For which you two can't sense being a message from the trip away. We are fighting for the whole process. Bye bye.