How about those pants or his folks? Oh! Oh! Big win! Actually, a two-neck evening, just in Santa, they were in overtime and about 30 seconds later. How many? About 30 minutes. 30 seconds later, you'll have to enjoy that nice school and it will again in the overtime. They needed that game, bad. Now, let's not start with that hockey talk. Although I thought I was kind of cute when Bo Kim for yesterday was talking to Jack Martini, said, is it true that you were dumbed frog? You just don't say those things, Kim. He did? No, he did not. Of course he didn't say that. He said, hey, Jack, how'd you like to see an Immignoi when all those frogs were falling out of the sky? I saw a headline that caught my attention today in the Sun Sentinel. Why do you sound like you're so far away today? I don't know. Is that my user plugged up or what is that all about? Now I hear myself. Hello, one kid. This is a past. One two one two. Why don't you hear on your reenus or something? I'm Pluto. Pluto. You know, the thing that they sent up there that shuttle thing, whatever that was, is that's going to take nine years to get to Pluto. Yeah. And then what? I like this headline. Don't bet on later school start date. I didn't know you could get down on that. Oh yeah, any cases? It's like seven to five passes. Did you hear what happened yesterday with the state? And the horse racing down here? No, I did not. Oh, they said, wait a minute. Started out with hockey there with guilty. Now we moved to horse racing. OK. Oh, that's a wild. I think it's a good idea. Now, ready. We already owe points. We're in a minus column. Now this is, this is not a good thing. Yeah. The vision of our contribution is more good thing. The division of parametrials sued to went to a took the case to a higher court to try to get the signals. He'd been National High Authority, yeah. Stop between Pompano and Gulfstream and call the in Gulfstream. Yeah. So as of today, there's no more simultaneous way during it those play. You have to go to Gulfstream if you want to put it up. Oh, brilliant. Wait a minute. hasn't Gulfstream been saying, don't come here yet. We're not done with our construction go to call or in Gulfstream. Right. And they've been saying that. Yes. So what was there change in my heart all of a sudden? They have continued this, the pursuit is lawsuit because they say that this is against the statutes to have an attract wagering. And despite the fact that two courts ruled in favor of the tracks, the division continued with the suit. And finally, they found a court that ruled in their favor. Yeah. They shut it down as a vision or grade. Well, you're screwed then. Yep. On a Wednesday, no less, you're going to have to go to Gulfstream. But you know what? They're having a big stakes race there on Saturday. And they're not ready to accommodate the crowd. Yeah. There were 2,500 people still going to call the state. We don't want that. Go ahead and do whatever you want. Let me just say, we appreciate the courts er ruling in Yadiati. But you do because it had an division. I'll tell you why because our governor doesn't want the offense. So man, it's like gambling. Yeah. That's why you want to put the money on the lot of it. That's a good bet. It's like two weeks ago, you know, they stopped poker. poker tournaments from being played in the paramountials. They can only be played at the tribal places. Why the hell is that? Why do you think? Who's behind that? 42 degrees on Friday and 40 degrees on Saturday. Boy, this is, don't forget, there's no such thing as global warming. What's he going to be in Detroit? When you're going to be there? Monday. Well, I don't know that far ahead. Don't ever plan that far ahead. It's going to be dark. Morning, noon, and night. It will be dark and fold Detroit. It'll be like every naked would say it would be chocolate. So take a lot of your extra pills there for your diabetes. It'll be like heavy chocolate when you go to Detroit. Yeah. And cold. And not real cold. There's no winner this year. I'm telling you right now. There's no such thing. Global warming. 2005 was the warmest year in the world on records since 1898 over 100 years. Probably just a coincidence when you think. Oh, yeah. Certainly, it's not a new business, just polluting the hell out of the environment for fun and profit. Has nothing to do with these Nazis running your country. Although now it's great. We can all go step together. You got the Fed asked Governor there. You got your Dumbledore president. I would just even harp or listen. Make sure the look like something cool kid. There we go. It's just the way things are going. Everything's going to be totally different. I'm trying to see the pancies when I must be there lucky charm. Every time we vote for something the governor tries to change it. And I find out through a very good source. Since Alan Cole was giving you a side of the city, what they're trying to do is manipulate the media. Everybody are jump on a van wagon to save the franchise which they're in big trouble. And I was a seasoned ticket holder. I get these offers like if you buy a soda and a large soda, you get four free tickets. You know what? What? And the count those is the attendance. Who are they kidding? But I find out that Dave Strader, who's the TV voice of the pantheist, when he's not busy doing the NBC, when the jigsman down, doesn't make any full lot of himself. Dave Strader has been under tremendous drastic achievements from the organization. You know, when they were really losing like you're being there. But give the wrong score. Well, just about just about. Just about. In other words, they got a like blue sky at real big time, which they've always been like that very, they have taken about any criticism. They're the worst. They're absolutely. They're like that with the radio shows. Yeah. Remember the BM thing that we went through on a station years ago? With Chris Moore came in to ask us, green to call, smile that they've always been like that. But now they reach the level of his stereo. So Strader, I guess, is not too happy because they're making it in try to like really blue sky everything. And in fact, I noticed in these pots, I need to make a crack last night over time about there was a bad play. And he, or Morton made a really bad shot, Mr. Net on practically a break away. He said, well, you know, you can try to like accentuate the positive, but you got to get that shot on goal. You know, I could tell what he was referring to. They're there under a lot of Duresh. Like the kid that we're the skirt to school, they're under a lot of Duresh. No, it's just the way it goes. You know, you got to, you got to lie to the public. So I'm thinking that Greg and his spirit time. And by the way, I, I'm off the year, I'll say this interesting things. I had a good chat with Joe Bell yesterday. That whole 10 or 11 year deal with Greg. That's not, that has nothing to do with management or anything. So go, what they call it, golden parachute. Yeah, that's exactly right. It has to do with remember when the company went public and I gave him 80 billion shares of stock or something like that. All these deals are like in sexuous deals, you know, all inside deals. But it's been a Joe who's a great guy. You, I was shocked because I talked him for about 40 minutes yesterday. Because he's only been there for a short period of time. But he doesn't have any idea where the bodies are very in that place. Because he's been even another building all this time over kiss. So he doesn't know what the stories are. So I'm leaving it up to you and Mad Dog. Especially you guy in Georgia, of course, has got to sit down for hours. And like, let him know what's been going on there for last few years. You don't understand? Yep. For, for, I'll give you an example. He said to me, he said, I thought, he would just because I brought up Joyce and we're talking a little bit about corporate. And, and he said, well, is it true? Well, what is it that she's got against the fart sounds? He said, I thought you were kidding when you were saying that on here. I said, no, she won't. If we ask her, if we can do anything, we answer is always the same. Yeah. It's always no. Can we say, hello? No. Goodbye. No. That's it. So I think he's going to bed for us in the fart sounds, which would be on. I can live with Adam, but I would be quite a major accomplishment about the English sounds. No, actually, if in fact he said, we could all go over to the West Coast and fart and Joyce's face, then we can play him on a year. Boy, that's a whole same move. Guy who can restore flatulence. Yeah, that's pretty good. Pretty volzzy for this company. Really something. So we're making a little bit of progress. But you guys are going to have to clue him in on what's he. In fact, tell him about your 18 suspensions. He's going to get a big kick out of there. He couldn't believe that my checks consistently were shown up on time. We're totally. Let's make sure that all shrubs up today, but I'm confident it will. We talked about one of my suspensions. A big report. We did. We talked about one of my suspensions. Yeah. Yeah. About it. Yeah. And we talked about it. Was that the one I had with a baseball team that says it doesn't want to play in Florida anymore, except for another eight or 10 years? I can't talk about it. Oh, OK. Well, I'm not talking about my time now, though. I talked to him about my show. But yeah, I mean, basically, I don't think we'll have him suspended no mole. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no mole. I think they want me to work. Mm-hmm. Well, that may not be all good, though. But I want to keep two curators away with that. No, I think I need some time off. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Well, let's talk about Jeffrey Lory and David Sanson. Come on. Let's talk about that food at the ballpark. I love my wish. Let's talk about Wayne in a bad complexion at skin head. Well, I'll tell you everything he's touched. It's been amazing how he's touched. It's so I started with that auto-nation thing, man. Remember? Yeah. And then all of a sudden, everything he touched started turning to like him and who were. Not that he's missing any meals or anything like that. No, I've always on a boat that went fast as houses. Houses at tourists attraction. Is it really? You mean, like, how gold seems used to be? For a different reason. Yeah. Did you ever see that? I never saw it. I never saw it. He had the big ceramic hand there with the middle finger up in the air was really something. I never supposed to go against him down like they did everybody. It's sooner or later, you know. They destroyed his life. But I went on a party. I wanted those boats that goes out of, you know, goes up the intercostal. And when they go by the area where Wayne's house is, they pointed out. Yeah, that was the area. He doesn't have a house. He has an area. Yeah. Yeah. He's got an area all right. Right, though. Now, when you go to Detroit, I think what I'll do when he leaving. Monday. Oh, we got a long time. I'll make up a list of all these great restaurants. They're not there anymore. But they're just pretend that you're going there. Oh, boy. I checked on you. I'll go over there. In fact, the downtown, there was a Polynesian restaurant called the Chintiki on Baguished Rear right off Michigan Avenue. Oh, man, their place was just fabulous. Yeah, but the best restaurant in Detroit right now is the one at the Greek town, Casino. Do you know that there's not even a London shophouse anymore. I've been gone for a year. I do know that. Wow, that was a great place. Oh, really? I was going to spend some not for slippers. I used to eat there when I did often games years ago. But you must have been making a big bucks because London's shophouse used to have to pay extra for the butter. Everything was all a card. Butter, salt. I mean, whatever was they would put it on the table. Yeah, it was one of the great restaurants. It really was. Well, that's when Detroit was a different place. Well, before they started seeing that burn baby, burn crap. You know, that's when Motown was going big on Grand River Avenue. It was a thrill. Who was most in the name, doctor? Oh, boy. Mark the time folks, 10.09. Wednesday, January 25th. Just can't. He can't. He can't. I can't control yourself. No wonder who you hate you like poison. You know, I, and not so magnificent obsession with that child. No, Joe told me that they parted and he was very gentlemanly about it. Your friend, when a parted company and all right. So it would have to be. He's getting paid for a couple months for doing nothing. He took the high road when he left. Yeah. Listen, as far as I'm concerned, he could take any road. This is long as he hopped on it and kept going. I'm going to do up for that. Yeah. Yeah, well, you sooner or later you come back to this. He was right about that. You, Europe, says. Down and dirty. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Absolutely. Oh, man. So we got the Curtis today and the, uh, the rotating the role-most spot, the rotating most spot. Yep. And then we got guilty tomorrow and Friday. And then, I don't think they have any idea what they're going to do yet. Now, you're not still pushing for both camp or in every day or you're off of that kick. I'm not pushing anything. They had your nod. You are so full of it, man. You know, you, you, you like to do a little push and behind the scenes for like, I mean, the worst. Just like the game. And as a matter of fact, I think you should know that's a get he's in the running on our pulled elbow. He's fallen behind John Kerry. I have someone who needs a guy. He needs a personality transplant. And in fact, I'll tell you why voted for it. And the personality transplant he was on Wheel of Fortune last night. Bob Greasy. If there's a more dull person on the face of the earth, I've never met him. And believe me, I might just say that from TV because I worked with Bob on the, uh, uh, this hurricane games, you know, on TV that one year. Man is he dull. There are people who think that John Kerry is the front runner right now. Yeah, well, I'm pretty sad commentary on it. The Democrats, once again, with nobody out there, Howard Dean, the man, baby, Howard Dean is lean and mean. And Joe Biden's into a very good job. And he's now Joe Biden's season of their wafer. He's all over the place. He's as funny as a $72 bill. Well, they're all falling. So, all the way to you don't want to say that Bob Greasy is a boring guy. I would be fine. I love that. No, I, I, I see you, you keep confusing things. I don't dislike him. I would say I like him either. He's so bored that you, I don't really have any feelings about him. He was just dull. So dull. Although I rather hear him do an accolor on any game than Phil Sims. I will say that. I love Phil Sims. Get out of here on the ball games. Yes. Oh, thank you. Oh my god. Well, I think I'm going to have a relapse. I'm going back to bed. He never shuts up. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. He just brutal. He's like an Anglo-loving East-Pothman. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. God is he bad. Drugmit. And that's funny. Time. They got a lot of time. Oh, that's funny. He's like a male Nancy Grace, but that's funny draw. Oh, I'm Kentucky. It can tuck you my ass. Okay. So he's Jim Bunning. And he belongs in a mental institution. But that's where he got. You see, you see, you see, you see, you see, Alito was whining and dining with Jim Bunning yesterday. Because he's a big fully span. He had some old Philly's member, Biddy, and he had the Bunning autograph at. And he said, well, Bunning, so now you got my vote. Like it's a big surprise. I mean, this guy's 80 yards to the right of Hitler, bunning. And the swine goes. In fact, Bunning's a comment. And as he was leaving this, okay Sam, I'm going to vote for you. And now let's you and I go get them fake. It's, it was pretty good. I was impressed. Well, listen, 10, 13 already. We're just, uh, rambling on here. And I've put with that horse racing crap. Will you please? And that hockey talk team. I'm pretty upset about this. About what? I don't blame it. I don't blame it. Yeah, first they tell you to go over to Carter and Ben Galschen. Then they tell you, you can't see Galschen there. I'd go there and do a dump right in the, uh, right in the infield. I'm not called as fault. And then I go same fault. Yeah, the place we go to the, this is the, you're a rubber say man. It's the state of tropical depression. The place to, uh, if you want to dump, they've Robert's desk. Okay. Call, make an appointment. 85048 89013. Okay. Well, we're in the division. I've been working on that after I go to Niagara this week in a late civil free meals and I'll be there. I'm Monday to do a number on his desk. All right. Have a great Wednesday. Great betting fee. Leave the gut. Take the can only. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Life in, how to do the dining's. And get the 40. On, on. On, on, on. A little bit. And a couple of four. On this. If you think that's funny, but I mean, a little lamb, on you. I'm going to miss me. You're fast. A little miss me. That's right. Get run on my second. Go. Go. Go. Go. I've touched my check and bought a my jury. Oh, I've won with a great big bet sheet. I've got some expensive all the way. That's quite a big bet. Probably a race and digital, very. I've got to keep the poker room just organized. I put bog holes on my baggy. Check it in. I say, how to win, they need a great. And I got stuck by my own pizza. But you've got to miss me. Now that poker kid is asleep. On your show, on a missing. There's a mustache lady on CNN. You see her? When in Lucille, hey, now. Was that right? Was I exaggerating or what? Now, she, uh, turns that down nicely. The only thing she's trying to do is, when you said that, she still up and started getting hysterical. What's not a girl like I on that? I'll play that in a minute. Oh, the mustache lady. I thought it was all that. You were flying it. No, it is not. 10 16 already. We're going to get with it. Hey, let's see. You're watching some like a moron. I'm here with you. Every time you see me. It's the way God will. We want to take a see. And cover it and sleep. We make a pain. We make a death. We make a pain. We make a pain. Because he wants to make new or leave too soon. Now, chat, what people are saying? Like a DJ. We have black people. This guy is a man. He compares the locals to low-early, on the farm. Stocking. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making pain. Making new or leave too soon. Good job, boss. The com, the keppa. Good job, boss. The rebuild. A new relish. The one that should be. Uptown. All great air when they go. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new wall. You never take the blame. For anything to say. Chocolate. That's the end of the day. Let's catch off with him. Some coffee and you'll fall off one ball. There's. We make a pain. We make a pain. We make a pain. You know I can. Rain make a pain. And then he wants to make new or leave too soon. You can't have new or all this no other way. It was good to be lost. Very good. If everybody was not going to die of a weight. It's bad. That's what I want to say. Where is my bag? And I'm hanging with the world. Where is my bag? Where is my bag? No. I'm hanging with the world. And what do you want to do with the world? Well, what about this? Three thousand. Some people. And why not with this one mom? I'm standing in peace. I really have security in peace. Well, me too. And mom is dead by the way. I was thinking you to see the update on there. Well, see is not exactly the right work. I mean, it was up there. Yeah, I wasn't paying no attention. No, but they had the update and they showed the close up. And she's really psyched out on Blamer because mom is dead. But they showed the close up man. She said, don't you mean they'll look here making a funer her. I'm just going to see that. I must ask. Not just. The mom is dead. Long with a whole bunch of other people, which let's see, Mel Gibson needs the personality transplant. And then it says, doidoidoi. Forever. From Hillary in Jacksonville. Oh, thanks a lot, Hillary. Hillary. Oh, they had a pull on Hillary. You've got a vote for Hillary if she runs and there are six people sitting here. Oh, sure. Please don't. Yeah. Oh, no. You know something, maybe John Kerry's not such a bad idea after all. Maybe he might butcher up between now. Look what happened to Al Gore, how he blurtched up. Well, I'll bring him back then. No, I don't think we want to go that far. Anyway, here's now. Let's see. What was yesterday's pull? Chris Penn is dead first. We better do that. The dead people. We don't know why. We got more dead people in Iraq. But we don't know who they are or how many you're raising about it. Because they quit reporting on that a few days ago. I didn't even know Chris Penn was gay. Chris Penn is not gay. Well, you know he's dead. Oh, that number. Rip Taylor still lives. I guess he balances him out. Yeah, Google that this morning. Rip Taylor is still alive. How do you like that? That check-ass they call this to the, oh, he probably used it. He's gay. You know, only gay people die. Keep that in mind. I'll do a little kids out there. Oh, speaking of gay, man. That's supernatural. Sure, which George did not watch last night. Sorry. Went out for dinner somewhere. Probably got himself sick and was puke and his guts out. Oh, you'll be pleased. And I was speaking of puke and his guts out. I totally disalready. That your close friend, Rimmer called me yesterday. And I think I mentioned that he was a wall during a Columbus game few days ago. He started a game which I hadn't tuned into that point. He had to use his color guide to the whole game, which was an abortion. And remember, it caused me that he got food poisoning. And so that before the game he started puke and his guts out, and they had to bring a second bucket to carry all the, yeah. It's like money python. Yeah. And we're doing a game in the stands in Nashville. I had the broadcast table set up in the stands. Can you imagine, but he got into that bucket? Oh my god. I've pushed me to Nashville. It's enough to make me puke just thinking about it. So remember what was puke in his guts out? So I'm sure he'd be pleased here that. Yeah. The super natural was on last night. And even Josh Corda said he was really impressed with Sam and Dean. Rivided. Is that what you said? Yeah. Yeah. It was like a one thing man. That's a great show. Last night was not a great episode. But it's a good show. That's a keeper that show. Yeah, for you it is. Well, now what was wrong with that blonde chick? She was all right. Yeah, she's the only one. Well, so how many do you need for Christ? How many? How many hot blonde chicks do you need? I guarantee one thing. She's a hell of a lot better looking than one of George's all booked up on on small Hill, whatever her name is. Lana, Lana, pup, Lana like laying. Kristen, Brooke. Yeah, Kristen's Crook. Oh, it happens. She's a great. She's a great. I was never gag over her. Well, the plan that was on last night's shoes. Now even Josh would agree with that. I think they'll scarlet Joe Hanson. No, we're wrong. No, we're wrong. But she was not one. Who's okay? Who? The girl on the show last night? Supernatural. Right. She wasn't as pretty as Sam, but then again, who is? That's very interesting to me. Very revealing. Josh, the one thing you took away from that show was, here's these two brothers and their 20s and they're sleeping together in the same room. Yeah, they're about 30. Okay. And about 30. Okay. The older one, they're Dean. He's about 26 or 7. I would say, and then Sam is about 22 or 3. I would say. You better get your ages straight now, man. You're going to be in deep due to work. Guard, let's not. I know why you're watching the show after that. You're right. I did not change it at our promise. It is too hot, guys on there. I'm not going to come on here lying through my teeth. Why else would I watch that show? The drama. I'm so he asked with a bunch of ghost running around. I think the Mac and on each other. That was. Oh, smack it on each other. Yeah, Mac and on the mother. They're going. Anyway, so that's the video. Chris 10 is dead. I guess I better do the break. I will talk about Chris 10 for about 10 seconds. He was 40 years old and he's dead. And he was not. Yeah, how do you like that a straight guy? It was that. He was bad. He was bad. He's in a fat baby. He's 5. 16. 18. He's safe. He's safe. The young boy from the encrushed by his adoring thrones. And rescued bovers from their flaming yacht in the south of France. What's next for this actor? Say, there. Let's slide out in our next installment of Tom Cruise. Superhero. Excuse me sir. You have over 20 items in your car. And this is the 10 items or left checkout line. The ride on car, I'm in a hurry. The lady said to get in another line. Tom Cruise. Oh, man. Can I have your autograph for my daughter? She'll flip out. Why don't we step over to check out stand number five. And I'll be happy to sign for you. Oh, yeah. Okay. I guess. Thank you Tom Cruise. Another ugly incident. Wash by Tom Cruise. Superhero. You can. 32 of you. And we do have a Tom Welling bit. But luckily I previewed it on cue during the evening. You won't be hearing that on the air. I didn't think so. No. But anyway, you're not eating already. I had 1032 in the morning. Couldn't wait for my BLT some heaven and arrow. Oh, great old bar. Oh, gee. Those are really bad for you. Put for your. Now you don't need a little buttons on our boards. The little yellow and red. Well, of course, the buttons are yellow and red. But the little bulbs. They don't last forever. No, they don't. And so I got a couple that are like flickering. And they're okay right now. But I'm thinking that they're probably going to be all going out pretty soon. Yes, they will. Now, how do you get these buttons off here? If I knew how to do that, I could just have them send me a bunch of bulbs. Because I don't really feel I want to get my engineer to come up. You know, they pull right out and pop back in. They pull right out. Yes, they do. I don't think so. I thought you'd run right in just grab one and pull right out. No, it is not trust me. Trust me. It doesn't pull right out. I'm going to pull one out right now. Oh, there it is right here in my hand. Get out. I don't even pop it back in. Huh? Well, I don't have no fingernails or nothing. Nothing. There's anything. Anything. You're grabbing it. Right. Oh, don't say that. I'd see. Remember which way is right side up, though. Oh, really? So you can, yeah, because that goes back in a certain way. This way came out. Well, whatever. So maybe they'll send me a bunch of little bulbs. You might just mention that to somebody. I don't know who you'd mention it. Yeah, if we ever have a program director back from all of them, a silly basketball games, maybe I might mention that to him. On his way out. After Chris Penn, brother of Sean Penn, was found dead yesterday at a condo near the Beach in Santa Monica, California. Police said they discovered a 40 year old actor's body around 4pm. They said that we know obvious signs of foul play. All of this picture. It looks pretty foul to me. Sean Penn's publicist, Mark Merra Buxbaum, is she? And that's almost like beer and bomb. That's what a little of his name's. He just has to love. You know, Buxbaum, beer and bomb. He should have statement saying that the Penn family would appreciate the media's respect to the privacy dream as difficult time. I don't know what that means. In other words, none yet. Go away. Right. His body was found inside the forestry condo complex after police were called by somebody from within the building. And on top of severe connected term in the closet of his credits included, Mulholland Falls, Rumble Fish, All the Right moves, Footloose and Rush Hour. Now Footloose wasn't a Kevin Bacon. It's a buzz. He also played nice guy Eddie Cabin in the 62-2010 Ocrumb drum. A reservoir dog's which I haven't watched and you keep telling me don't watch it. Don't watch it. Okay. His late father Leo Penn directed television shows his mother, Ileen Ryan, is an actress whose credits include I am Sam, Magnolia and Parade Hood. Another brother's musician, Michael Penn, and very talented family only minus one now he's dead. His late is filmed at Darwin Awards where scheduled a career Wednesday today if he Sundance comes festival. Maybe though he died. Yeah? Maybe no embarrassment. So Chris Penn is dead. I never heard of him. You tell me I did. But it's one of those people who were hurt in the world. He's seen me say, oh yeah, I know him and now he's dead. He didn't always look that fat. Here's yesterday's pool, who's enthusiasm is most annoying. People are like, way over the South. We should also put the booster on there. It's one thing to be enthusiastic during a ball game or something to be doing a rock and roll talk show. Hey everybody, hi at the round. I don't know what like that. A little bit over the top for me. Booster. But anyway, I prefer revolving your cast of hosts. Whoever they are. We got the Curtis today. I put it in the good word for a Curtis. Trust me when I'd say I put it in the good word. Didn't do any good I'd doubt, but I'm trying. Am I my own business? I've learned in this business my own business. They ask you any questions. Say, I don't know not. Don't ask. I won't tell. Who's enthusiasm is most annoying. We had 1211 votes pretty good for a crappy pool. We're just not 681. See, it's crappy because it was like really only one choice. In 121-11. Dick Fytal 83, baby. Richard 783. Tony Little 60. Sports fans 38. We're covering alcoholics 37. Especially the ones that passionate we're always running around with a bottle of die coconut or under their e-charm pit. Tony Robbins has got. Tony Mike, may I say I know this is pro-ease Calcutte Sprate man. Tony Two. Two —zoed in Ginny. God's people here, Crescent 들어 sex on TV, Whiteck saw the stamp. David Robbins ratings, Pig Eddie Lucas Oh darling, Time to say, Clementine label Ayana. Pablo Mann. But has almost nothing wrong with Google. Here's today's pool and we're going to hop right on it. How many votes we got? 171. That's not too bad. I didn't put up there for a little while ago. And why didn't I do that? Well, we had lead that other one on there while. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. To do it. And in a cool smith, 20, Martha's Steward's 20. But she's on Sirius Radio. Martha's Stewart. And was a big cool from malkarma's in. Hey nice going mal. Oh. idea. You notice you're not hearing anything about any of the other people on there, at all? Tupent? Exactly. I'm Sirius. Tigerwood's 17. Joseph Gackies 17. He had a shortly there for rhubbed, a John carry now group pasted. He was laid out in the 40 art line. Lot. Bob. Bob. He was on the real fortune last night never said a word. He never said a word. And the chick won a hundred thousand bucks. She did great. She won a trip to somewhere. I think I was going back and passed the last night. I'd say here take these mushy beans and stick them up and skirt. Get out of my face, Pat. But she won a hundred grand. Pete Sanperis six. I told you about my meeting him during a Mark Jacobson taping. He was watching us take our segment first. And he thought I was just crazy in the bed of a bug. No sense of humor. Everything very uptight. What does this man saying? And then I asked him to do his meeting. I said, I reached out to shake his hand. When you think that a tennis player would have, you think that a firm grip? No, not just a firm grip. But I don't want to say delicate hands because that sounds awfully. Yeah. But you know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? Like substantial hands like tenderly. But he had these small claw clammy hands like a chimpanzee or something like a claw. That's not what you expected. I expected tennis player to have it all. I expected a player to have great hands. Anyway, he's bizarre. Pete Sanperis six. Ellen DeGenerbert four five. Jeff Gordon's got four. Mel Gibson three Kevin Coston three and Bernie Williams is never any. And now how how Bernie Williams could have none. I have no idea because he is the most expressionist athlete. Expressionist less athlete. Ever seen in my life. You know what I'm saying Josh? Yeah, he's just there. He is, I mean he's a great player. I don't take that away from me. Yeah, he was. But he is he done now? No, but he should be. Oh, he was a great player. But he just never changed his expression in his face. He always looks like he's just bored to be there. Like just give me the money and I don't want to be it. He's very boring guy. That's his groove. The Bernie Williams groove. Does that what they call it? I guess his groove. I thought that was his. That's not that's what they were talking about. Flow. Flow. Well, that's what I hear. He spends a lot of time on the flow. These days low flow. Oh, and I next year going to be saying low. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I was like you say that now. No flow. Did you offer you one go? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Don't forget. Guilty tomorrow in Friday two to four and then we've all been slot in the most slot. There's a lot of strange people winding up in the most slot. This is a new Roger. In my mother. Damn, the needle. Who says, right, go, hey. When you're on the table, the door goes to the door. Oh, the stake is on the hand. Oh, the back hand. In the pocket like so much pain. And the needle. Throw it in a portion. Well, there's too pretty far. Sting, stew, stew, and so much for this simple right-rated. As you stay with the grovey pain. They can't live with the pain. Those they can't live without them. That is pretty though. On your moral ground. It's for shunner this, like a board of the space, good. Black Omen. Well, for Jesus, stew, and the ever-backed, we can't stop for a base in place until the back is too busy. We're going to see you. We have one opposite this morning that he was a big fan of your low-fueled films. He was just doing that to aggravate me, wasn't he? Maybe. You never know. No, because I think he already agreed with me about films since a long time ago, but he probably knows him personally. He has probably one of those things. You know, like, you know, that business I like Bob. Well, I'm a dislike Bob Greasy. He's boring, you know. I know he likes Joseph Gaki too, but Joe is terminal. He needs a personality transplant. Of course, it's hard to transplant one. We don't have one in the first place. You know what I'm saying? We say. Like Bush, and they talk about Bush's brain. Well, how can you talk about something that don't exist? Let's see. Oh, and poor Humpur, he's given all over the place. It says for the pull-up about Hanksford, but he's been no cook. Also for the most, how about the tag team of Kimba and Goldie? Oh, stop, stop, please. What is wrong with these people? And the over that Fax team from, I guarantee it came from across the street. You think? Guaranteed. Do you want to put Bino cook on there? I don't know. Yeah, I did. Alright, final segment with whale sanded. Bino cook. There's Bino. Anyway, now what's this Zanyloss Vegas variety show in town? Oh, Zanyl, you got the part they marked is what they wanted to see. Or Tommy, Tom Brady, we're just talking about him being told a show about making pictures. More athletic action at Prime 112, where New England Patriot's quarterback and Visa mouthpiece Tom Brady Dine while his defensive line protected him from the girls trying to get to him. And the guys, and their sayings, Brady took the beefy beefy, there's out for dinner, are using his visa, of course. Well, they can afford it. Like I said, what red blooded guy or gay anybody, any meal, even some women? What person would want to be Tom Brady, right? Sure, why not? Even you would like to be Tom Brady, like that money. Like that money, like that, like that. All right, all I'm hot babes just lined up at the motel door, that I'll make some people pay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Uh, like a rimmer, for example. He's still won't pay, by the way. If he was sorry, if he was sorry, if he was. He was a people's gots out again before we saw a pan for dinner. Anyway, look at this, male student wins by to wear a skirt to high school. So what's the answer? What is it, does it, does it, does it? This is the important part. Well, we're gonna get to it, let me do the story. Now, let me just say this. I was Scottish. I, okay, I let it. And suppose you wanted to wear a kilts to school, well, a kilts is like a skirt and a kilts don't have anything they were not underneath of either. They do, actually. You think Sam or a kilts on the supernatal, that's what you haven't seen the show yet? When you see the show, you'll know what I'm talking about. You'll say, oh yeah, there's that faggot I did again. That's what Josh was thinking, when he is, as soon as he saw that show. He was thinking, oh yeah, I know why that old queen watches this show. And that was what you were thinking. That's exactly what I was thinking. And you know what you were right. And you thought, well, at least he's got to be attached anyway. I don't know what that is. No, get out of here. It's too late for that now. It's just, it's really important to show. You said, why I sure wish I was one of those two guys. Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah, so you could sleep with your brother. At least it was sleeping in different, different beds for the cameras anyway. What's wrong with you? This wasn't like the bare back cowboy. You got this confused with that damn movie. That the president claims he didn't see it. I thought it was going to go that way. Yeah, but you did. That you probably hope. Bone call comes in daddy. And you know, I thought it was going to go up there. WDQAM, hello. I knew. How are you? Okay. Good. I wish I got to go through a poll. I don't know if anybody's going to know who he is. But he's really in the name from Ben Stein. Oh, I agree. If I sure, everybody knows who that is. Yeah, when Ben Stein's going to be right. He's a terminal ponderous guy. And also a real right wing jacket. When Ben Stein's money. Another one of those jobs. You know, right wing brother. Keep your own money Ben Stein. All the jordal takes him out. So until he gets that raised. By the way, how's your raise coming Josh Cortis? They haven't heard of word about that. Have you? I bet you're right. Well, I think that once we eliminate the program director position, I think that free up some cash for you guys. It is already to be making some money. Yeah, of course, is decided he wants to be a little little sporesner. He wants to be Mike Rosenthal. Do we? I think that's what he ought to be doing. W2QAM. Hello. You want to mark an out of the last night, please? I beg your pardon. You want to mark a night in the last night? No, I don't watch American Idol last night or any other night. No, I did not. All right, I'm a good day man. Do you watch supernatural last night? What? Yeah, I said have a nice night. Yeah, speaking of supernatural. W2QAM. Hello. Hello. Well, he's getting there early this night. But for those who don't recognize the voice, that's your butt. You're worth Solomon, by the way. He actually drives a car and pretends to be like, you know, put on his own pants. 560560 pound 560, right? Well, what don't you all? He didn't have to get screened to you. When they put the little jewelry, he got nothing to say to us. If you guys think I'm going to put up with this, you're the accraise. Because I'm not putting standards stuff. But as you're going to put me on the air. This is the amazing Gilbert. We minding you not to drink and drive this honey. Let's say it. Yeah, I thought that I was starving to go. Absolutely. Yeah. We didn't think. Look at how it's phones. Well, this week is the week from hell. I'm this phone. You know what? You'd almost take this. This was a holiday week. Right. Last week was just fine. Even the starting on a Monday. I just don't get it. 560560 pound 560 and the rise in singular wireless line. Maybe now these people all got a hope of their roofers and their pool repair people and all the other, you know. It's still a long ticket for me because I know it's a long way from people getting their life back to the other hand. Trust me when I tell you. Yeah. A male high school student. This is in Hasbroke Heights, New Jersey. See now that I'm going to do this story now, bunch of lines. I'll get to you when I feel like it. A male high school student can wear a skirt to school after the AC of you reaching the Greenwood School of Fertil's. You go, uh, what's his name, Mike? You go, Mikey. Doing a heck of a job. The AC of you announced the deal yesterday. We're low-law. It has work high school. See, New to where it's skirt. They're protests. The school's no-shorts policy. He's making a statement. The district's dress code ban. Bands shorts between. And that's a dress code. Okay. In other words, they don't wear a cold dress. Bands shorts between October 1 and April 15. But allow skirts. And policy 17 year old Michael Koviello believes is discriminatory. And I think he is. Absolutely correct. I'm happy to be able to wear skirts again to bring attention to fact that the ban on shorts does make any sense. Koviello said in his statement. The Hasbrokeye superintendent Joseph C. Llango. Oh, man, did he play a hell of a game last night for most of the game, Toliya, Asim. Didn't return telephone messages left to this econcomment. Koviello first wore costumes-dial dress, but high school officials told him to go home and change. The district superintendent advised the Koviello family to purchase everyday dress. And skirts at a retail store was Koviello did the Asim. But after a few days he was sent home with a note from his principal saying if he wore a dress, a killed or a skirt. He could no longer attend school. And of course said, guess what? How do you like that? I don't. The Asim you intervene. They said, uh, Yamama. Yeah, he could not only could more dress a killed or a skirt. And that's when his part of his religion. I just don't get it. They said, if you come to school or dress like that, you will be killed. You got the ticket of school in a class. Don't worry. Exactly. So we haven't probably take a poll on that. And now we already got another poll. But that's, you know, what do you think about the year's time going to school, where I'm going to dress or a skirt? When that be lovely, depends if it clashes with his shoes and his blah, I would have noticed. He's sure, right? WQA and hello. I'm Y'all. I have a spider-diport. Yeah. That's kind of what's going to be now. Gotcha. WQA and hello. QA and hi. Hey. Yes. Chars belive. Yes, sir. You're not related to Enrico belive. No. I listen all the time. People say, you'll say in so good no. I'm not. I do. It was a meal. I have a question. When we were saying something, no, he's not. Who is not? Who the hell are you? What's that? Who are you? You know me. Meal. Charles Boli. Correct. You usually call me Chuck Billy. What do you do, Charlie? I work with the channel 7. Oh Charlie Boli from Channel 7. Now I know. Oh how do I? Nice post though. I don't watch Channel 7. I'm never there. So how do I be watching that stupid? I mean I create channel. Charlie Boli, we got a local celebrity here. Oh my god. So what's up Charlie? Hey I have a question. You know me. I listen here and there. But I know that they kind of like it. Okay we just hear in there. You listen to this. You got your radio glued on this show man. Here in here my ass. Yeah. You're right. You're right. You call me. Anyway, I know that you're not allowed to do this. You're not allowed to do this. You're not allowed to do this. The first sounds all of that. What? What happened? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do they say to me about one? Yeah about what you can't do. I mean put in the collar on you. I just, you know. But just don't think it's right. They said whatever you want to do. Don't do it. Yeah that's right. That's that joy speech bitch over there in their west coast. So this company has got a clue of what the FCC is all about or what the regular and which I understand that. So when it does just leave it up. Well now we got a boss that's going to bed for our fart sounds. How do you like that? Yeah. It kind of was something based based on my conversation with him yesterday. I think I like to start slipping a few fart sounds in today because he has no problem with the as no objection. We can't do it. The truth is never farted in your life and as a result the sound might just be a little overwhelming for. Yeah. I can just imagine the aroma. Put you in your home. Yeah. Good. Have a great day Neil. I love you. You too Charlie. Welcome to the WQM dysfunctional family. Thanks a lot Charlie. Say how to all my old friends there in Channel 7. We'll do. I don't have any but say how anyway. Yeah. Tell John. Tell John. He looks like John. John. You're a little bit scared by the way they blow his ass out. No John. Turnton is now working with John Wolves on America's most wanted and if you've watched that show it all you hear John doing is reports all the time. He ought to be one of them by the way. John. Yeah. We're stuck in Urchin. Okay. Thanks a lot. Chuck. Thank you. See you man. Charles. I'm a part of him. Various because I didn't know who that was in the beginning. I should be embarrassed. I still don't know. Get out of here. I channel 7 man. You better stare watching channel 7. I know the fact that you're full of it. You know what? It doesn't mean he was a naked broad naked judge. Yeah. Oh brother. Oh sister. naked judge's joys. First guy says go ahead and play the fart sounds. What do you say? Now who's in charge today? A braver creeper? Well first time. I'm sure that premise isn't back from Virginia. Is he? I haven't seen him. Yeah. See what a joke that is? I think Josh is over here. Yeah. Josh, of course, in charge. I can't play the fart sounds or what? Yeah, you're going to go. All right. Yeah. Wait a minute. Okay. Because I talked to our general manager yesterday. He thinks it's just as nice. He said, Joyce is a silly ass bitch. And I think it's as nice as well. Ripp one. Then what is your thing? I'm not going to rip one. All right. Terrain. Well, I got to find one for a way. How about this? This is not a fart. See. Okay. It's just a sound. I mean nobody ever farted in sound like that, right? Not like that, right? Not like that. I never fart. No. You're so. This is your brain. Any questions? The hard stuff in the channel continues with a new season of 24 on Fox. When the game's season, you wait and check, Bauer is called back to action. Hey, Jeff Bauer, it's T-T-U. We need you. Oh, crap. Now watch. Group on terrorists are planning to assassinate the president by launching a nuclear warhead into Washington DC while releasing a toxic nerve gas that melts people's faces. That's it. Yeah. Is there anyone else you guys should call the same the world? I mean, having a bit too enough, like watch for murders. Like doors being cloned to bear trap. Like girlfriend, w-and my entire body's been beaten with an inch of its life. There's more bad news. No. Because in Spess Friends College, who made was kidnapped by the terrorists. No. 24 is back on Fox. Will there be evil double-week in the world? Yes. How about satellite tracking device? Yes. Click or protocol violation? Yes. How about mortally wounded dogs who whisper cryptic information before losing consciousness? Of course. What can you link it for that annoying thing? No. No. It's 24 with the annoying clock. Yes. On our phone clock. I'll see what you hear. Don't keep seeing Fox. We have a box. And back at you. Anyway, we got Curtis Stevenson at 2-de-saf dude. Mad Dog from the Bank at Atlantic Center at 4 o'clock. Probably hockey intensive. I hope not. Panther P.B. with 6-30. Panthers in the hurricane to 7 o'clock. Not to retake Carolina Hurri-cains. With your good buddy Ray Whitney. And to any camp on the after the hockey game. You are Senator Bill Lousson said yesterday plans to vote against. And by the way, I was remiss yesterday. I didn't give you the information in which it was a foregone contusion that the Senate Judiciary Committee, that they voted 10-8 to attend the two-acend, a little kind of information in the full Senate. And of course it was 10 Republicans for and all eight Democrats against. That's the part I didn't mention. Because you asked before to show it to show. Right. Now it's going to go to the full Senate. And of course he'll get confirmed. But it's going to be a little bit closer than the Republicans would like, which is why they're glad it's getting laid off. She'll probably next week. U.S. Senator Bill Nelson said yesterday he plans to vote against. Sam Alito's confirmation to the Supreme Court. You go, Belly. Oh, right. Nelson now says decision. The statement from his Washington or if he shortly after the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably recommended. Leader's Yadiyadiyani on a party line vote. His many legal right. Judicial opinions that he vasive answers, both his hearing and our private meeting commits me. He would tilt the scales of justice in favor of big government. Said, Alito, whatever his name is, Bill Nelson. He's another one. I could use a personality transplant. Put him on or Senator Bill Nelson. We'll put him on. I'm glad he's vote against this fascist. But the full Senate is expected to vote later this week early next week. Alito picked up the support last week. He'll afford his other U.S. Senator Fashista Republican Mel Martinez. Fashista Realms with Batista Mel Martinez. You Quizling you. You Far God. By hate him. Nelson, Democrats, you can re-election the Weber as likely to find him so forth to defend his decision in this year's campaign. Oh, yeah. Who wrote this, Gar. Oh, Channel 7 News. Tennis and Mico Balaida call before Chuck Balaida. Can't believe you know who that is. I didn't know who. I don't know. His office was quick to show Nelson that the lawmaker devoted to perturbed in 15 in President Bush's 225 judicial picks including Chief Justice John Roberts, who will be doing the weekend news on CBS with that very great here. Alito, who he shows by Bush to succeed, retiree Justice Andrew Gaye O'Connor. Spent nearly an hour with Nelson last week in the senator's office. And I'm going to say isn't work out. It didn't bring enough money. I guess. As opposed to a Jim Bunning, which Alito said, I'm a big fillet span and can I add. Will you autograph this picture? It reminded me of that scene in the instances where. What's his name? Lee J. Cobb says to the mother. Right. He says, oh, I need to do this, but could I have an autograph for my little girl? She's a big fan of all your movies. And she says, oh, what's your name? I lie. It's for me. He was so great. Lee J. Cobb. Is he dead? What was your name again? I played the actress. I mean, we always do that. Which I could use or I could use her with a one from from Cookies nest. I played Miss Rand Nurse Rand. I just confused her with a blank. What? Isn't it the same on Ellen Burston? Ellen Burston is the correct answer. Louise Flutcher is. But Ellen Burston is in a contract for a dream. So how could we not know that? Even though she's about 100 years older than. Because it is exactly. And these names are just Burston out of my brain. Ellen's Burston. That's a place, uh, Reagan's mother. Correct. And who played Captain Howdy? Five, six, seven, all five. Uh, me. Howdy, Captain. Well, I don't know what kind of it. I'd say, yeah, that's why the world is the way it is today. Because most of these people didn't grow a watch in Howdy, do they? WQA and hello. Hello, Mr. Fischer. Yes, sir. Yes, it is. Yeah, I just have to say I am breathless with excitement because I heard the poopies. On the, uh, you heard Charles Malay on the ears? That was dinner for you. Yeah, you know who that is. Yeah, I'm just taking on my own drop in a couple of those in there. Because I mean, I had a conversation with our new general manager yesterday. And he thinks that George is just way out of line and he's right. And, you know, and so if I get in the hot water cars, if I didn't have to, we're jumping in tub too. I mean, just, it's just ridiculous. We have taken too much from a bitch. It hasn't got any idea. We got a program director wouldn't know. I radio show that isn't about sports from his, uh, his toenails. And we need to get wood at man. I'm just going to have a conversation with him. Can I just say how he just said that was though? And now I'm going to, I'm going to dare you to throw one down in the clear. Come on. Throw, throw one down. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm leaving and I won a cheap now. So I can do it. On the DL. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and throw one down in the clear. What is that? A pneumatic press there. And now he's like, and now we got a fart request on the show. He can do it. That makes it good to it. That's right. That's all. He's probably called from across the street. By the way, I didn't hear no fart sounds. When? Exactly. We are playing any fart sounds. These are just sound effects. That's all like that. That's all fart. I don't know. I'm 63 years old. I never my life farted once. That sounded like anything like that. And believe me, I fart a lot. Oh, God. Hmm. A lot. Including some time in the elevator. And I'm just pray that when I get to the bottom of it, uh, nobody I know is down. They're going to get in. A few, uh, drop a bullet, open your lips. I down. It sounds like that. Like that. Yeah, that's all. Drop it on the floor. Can't you tell? I can spell it. You can't tell. You can spell it. You can spell it. I don't know. I heard the, I think with a charcoal eye. It was like, here was a, who is he? Uh, a channel 7 anchor guy. Now, does he anchor it? He, he, he, he got, I got a risk for him. Most of the people over there, a channel 70 anchor around her ankle. I'll see that. You know, I don't know whether it's going to be, you know, especially the way. Yeah. Unbelievable. I can't believe it's going on here. But anyway, here's our last ask. Yeah. Believeable. Yeah. Uh, you, you mentioned Sally for everything else. And then, and her name pops up. And I, uh, friend. Was just, yeah, that's just it. She's saying he's telling me that there's some story behind the whole thing. And I just, I know what I'm going to do. Can you enlighten me on this? I'll tell you what. I'll give you the short answer. Oh, scowie, six would say. They get up there. There's the answer to your question. Okay. Moving right along. By the way, he does a weekend in Recrebley. Yeah. Five, six and Ted P. Ed, mother weekends. All right. Now, I'm embarrassed because he called a assuming that I knew who he was. And of course, I'm not there. Most of the time, even when I end there, I almost never watch channels. Seven news, which he may be very good news guy. I just, I, I get to he be jibbies when I turn on channels. Seven. I feel I'm clean, you know. I can't really hear. You're ghost ever. He senses how, how he's over my body. Right. And John, church, I remember last time I saw John church. He was scalping tickets for a panther game in the old Miami arena. Yo, John, church, and worshiped W.S. News. And I'm the one to put him on here. Do a news with the chorizo water. Who? Chorizo water. They were like, uh, flunky, uh, news people. And the W.S. News 100 years ago. He was there. He was not a bad guy. John, church, and kind of a tough up eagle, but nevertheless, the people who else I wonder whatever happened to, who was the news guy? Allister. Do you know I had to dream last night in the dream? Allister and tell was in it. And Russell W.S. Is that the car or what? Well, I was in the nightmare, we just said another one of these radio dreams, I'm sure that the events had last 48 hours have precipitated that, but the company screwed my paycheck again all this time. I'll tell you one thing. Thank God for your bell. He, he is, he will bring us out of the depths of this spirit disparate his place. He is the Jesus Christ of QAM. When we think of the kind of lack of support and the lack of anything, even in the vomit we had from the prior regime. You know, I got it doesn't return anybody's phone calls. I got it just ignores all of us, unless when he gives you like a dirty look in the hallway. And then like, he's another guy to probably farts it in a hallway if he hears you coming down the home and runs real fast. So you think so, oh, and that was that mode to that. Yeah, that was somebody else. That's a good idea. Yeah. Just draft a real choice when in the hallway and run around the corner real quick. You know, heard some footsteps, especially if you think it was somebody you didn't like. Then it turned out it was Tommy that was coming down the home. Tommy, of course, snitched. Because Tommy was what? Well, Tommy's one of the good people. He's on our side. So he told us that Greg farted real bad in the hallway. And I think that was the last blow for the beesleys, you know. When they found out that Greg was dropping wind, passing, passing all and that was in his act. Trap. Trap that it's after a little. What a silly bunch of people man. What a silly that Joyce. I'd like, you know what? We'd like to tie her up and hang her upside down from a from a gigantic flagpole for about a month. Yeah. And what if we maybe, if it's in that blood, we're rushed to where her brain is supposed to be. She'd wise up. Oh, you can't say the lesson you can't do that. And you're sure can't say that. Yeah. Let me say this. You know our radio. If you stuck 15 transistor radioers, we're Sally Fitzmite. Mercedes McAverge was the voice of Captain Howdy. That is correct. Not, not what does it say? Not many, uh, many miles. I don't know. I can't read the bottom either. It's cut off on mine to, you know, it's cut off on the fact. So whoever had any pearl. No, we already got that straight out a long time ago. It's always, I always used to say it was somebody else, but at Mercedes McAverge to the voice of Captain Howdy. I think it does say many pearl down there. In an addition to which, uh, no, that wasn't the voice of Captain Howdy. Captain Howdy didn't have a voice. Because don't you remember when Reagan was on the bed and the shrink was saying, is there somebody in there with you? And is it yes? And is it Captain Howdy? No, that wasn't Captain Howdy. That was he, what's Captain Howdy was an imaginary thing that she made up. Don't you get it? So, I guess you are. Mercedes Cambridge was the voice of the evil, uh, demon in Reagan right. And in, uh, little, little other two that's I'm talking about Ronald Reagan. That's Captain Howdy. What? The evil demon. That's what Reagan called it before it is before it. Yeah. Remember she told her mother that she had read who we, who we board, right? The Captain Howdy turned out to be the demon. I never knew that. Yeah. She told him about that. I hear. Tell me, I think you're going to tell me it was Charles Boli. Who? 1114 at five, 60 the beast has lost eight pounds. Unpalons for life and later here is the 25th of January and you're like lobbling about that news resolution to get rid of that ugly disgusting, very unhealthy fat. It'll stires as a retired in writing of us with my sister to the subway where I think for change. All right, I get a new one. I'm a retired over here for which I can in the box. Who will read the card? I'm sure I am. I'll, I'm like a, he got a get a load of this. I hate this place. Nothing winks here. I've been standing here for seven years. Have medications to wake when I grow up. I want to look just like jetting places and people forget why I am. It's a black dial still my act. Rosie, hold on. They look proud of me. In writing on the bus with my sister to the subway where I thank for change. If they blah, look, I'm very shy of just a sight of feeding to. Two. I've seen that. That was just a feeding cube. Correct. Because now people are going to start in pure note. Every time they're any kind of a sound like a, you know, and they're all there's another one in parts. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody's farting here. That's for damn sure. Kind of like a. Right. That is even close. That's real cream. You know, thanks for a little bit of that. What do you? 5 6 7 0 5 60. Well, I tell you, I feel like we've been emancipated day. But I would be. Yeah. Sure. You need nothing and B L T's. You're going to be farting all over the place too. Thanks, Alex. It's about time and then again, you know, when you've had people are going to go to Balfour and like her stand behind you as opposed to like, oh, you know, like somebody cowardly middle-level management people we've had. Oh, what did you do? You better not do it. I remember that one day a couple of years ago, I'm sitting in that studio where your answer is right now. And it's two o'clock. And after the show here comes the double dual, the the dairy. Do you know what? The dairy do what? With a one with a capon and I want to say which one. Do you know, and dump in clearance and you kind of, oh, I'm like, you know, they're very sensitive and joists for the meat, but they looped about and they're in the, you know, and they're, they're rattling off a bunch of words to me like, hello and goodbye, like no matter what they're, you say, what do you can't do this? And you can, they're why even bother opening the mic and doing a show for Christ's, you know, to think how safe will be if you don't say anything. Yeah. In fact, that's one thing that our general man goes to me is they said, you know, it sounds to me like you can't do much of anything. I said, that's why it's a miracle. We still got numbers on the show because we're not allowed to do anything. We got a nervous nelio over there and we got two nervous nelies been in middle-level management for the last a few years now. Oh, gee, whatever you say, joists, well screw you, joists, how do you like that, honey? And put a little peanut butter and jelly on it too. God. Leave the broadcasting to us, okay. We're not the ones who put Scott for well on the year. We're not the ones that put the stir and shawan with a, what a guy sitting in there with 85 dump buttons, having a nervous breakdown, a dumping, a air, every other word. Like today that Howard did a whole show on Farts and we had music playing for like two and a half hours. Remember that day? So I remember it. Yeah, I take take. How do you like that? We had music playing. I can't understand why that thing didn't work out for us. Oh, brother. Do any QAN, hello. Uncle Niel, what's the deal? I hear you ran and raven. Yeah, I'm ran. I've listened. I was with one of your best friends last night and he loves your kids. I know Kim Bo Kamper. Kim Bo, how's Kim a doin? Kim is doing great. He wants to know how come when he's on before you or he's on after you You don't do any verbal and of course with them. I don't only I do only verbal in of course with a hump or that's it. That's enough for me. All right. He does love you though. I was with him. I'm two. He's a great guy and he's got that big cow there in front of the university. He died. What's not to like? He was telling me a story about the first time you met you at IOD. He said a loady in the hallway. He was picking up a check in 20 minutes later. He's driving to go wherever you were on the air. He started ripping them right up the bat because I'm Neil likes me. Yeah, that's right. And if I rip you that means I like you a lot. You know, I'm still doing that for sure. Got a cut to waste. Bye bye. And back here. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 6 to the I love Kim. I he's a dollar gone a year, but you know he sees us in mind that. He knows it. He's not one of those people for the pool. But he doesn't need to personality trans. Because he's got a personality just a dull button. You know what I mean? Well, there's a difference. Hey, you're all the way up there where you're safe. Well, what does that mean? I'm not worried about him. He loves me. Just like this guy just said. He's got a sense of humor. If you didn't have a sense of humor, you think I would say those things in the first place. He probably be on the first of playing coming up. I'm not nervous. Okay, what do we got on the pool here so far? Now, let me ask you as parents actually in there or not. That did not show up. See, this is what I'm saying. And it's not personal. It's really business. But there are just too many issues that need to be dealt with there. It's supposed to be a business. And if you're going to like to go to monkey business and take two, three days off to go to a little ball game. Then we got nobody running a ship and it's in a manager. I'm sure it's inherited by a match. And not just sure on positive, that he's inherited so many different problems. Man, he doesn't have time to be poshking around worrying about the, you know, who's made the schedules out and who got the paycheck and who's on first. You know what I'm saying? What he says? I'm saying get what it currents. When he comes back, I want to both of you to grab him in a hallway and just beat the living crap out of him. Beat him, sense in him. All right, you do the grab and just get his priorities. He'll grab it. Who best fits this? Someone who needs a personality transplant. John Kerry 61, Al Gore 58, Martha Stewart 35. God. Anybody want any cookies? And I kind of reminds me of Sandy Peyton. I'm not going to put around for him but on the year and about 100 years. But the same, monotone 60 cycle tone, that same boring. There's nothing worse than boring. Okay. Have a nice one. I'm sitting here like they guys said, Randy and Ray, I don't know what they're talking about, but I'm ranting and Ray, and there you go beat me to it. I would love to keep you all to myself. Oh, gosh. He's talking to Anne Bishop there by the way, and was already laid out on a slab when she said it. I think she didn't keep her all door sell. Yeah, all the money anyway. Anybody ever take the task it. Anne and Nicole, a Tiska task it. Anne and Nicole Smith 31, Tiger Woods has got... God, third of me! Boy, is he boring? Of course he plays a boring game. Not a sport again. Joseph Ganky 29, Bob Greasy 17, Oh Bobby, is he ever terminal? Mel Gibson 15, Kevin Costa 9, seems to think with Hank, you notice this? Everybody I say, which anybody in a sports fraternity is obviously a friend of his because he knows everybody and he like 90% of them. And so he'll always respond by saying, oh I like so and so, you know, I like Bob Greasy. I like, you know, and that's fine because I'm not saying I don't like them. I'm saying that that can't you say that you got a friend who's boring? No. Oh, well Bob Greasy's boring, 17. Mel Gibson 15, Kevin Costa 9, Pete Sanford, swiddles, Klammy hands, he's got 9. Jeff Gordon 7, Ellen D. Jenner, 8, gay, six. What do they have in common? Beno Cook for, Bernie Williams trying to got a pair and Senator Bill Nelson's got none. That's because nobody knows who he is. You know, the fact that we used to have Bobby Graham and now we got Mel Martinez, what does that tell you about America's march drive to the far right, huh? What does that tell you about the green tooth, no speaking English crowd? Oh, well, what does it say? I would say, embarrassing. Mel Martinez, my ass. Just another fascist in drag. If I she's that we love Batista and that's it. That's what it's all about. Your people man, that whole thing with the fascist. They embrace it. They love it. And you want to know why? Because it's diametrically posits the opposite fall from communism. Comments, communism, communism, etc. So on. So if communism is bad, then fascism must be great. It's spectacular. Yeah, there you go. 26 past 11. Well, I'm just full of it today. Full of energy and take a drink. Of what? What? Oh, we can't say what? Oh, sorry, Joyce. Sorry, Joyce is going to get suspended for that. I am that him right. Can't say that either has to do with back-to-man. Hey, if you're an adent and jobs, be going to Joyce, well, I said if they need to unload that bitch. If you're an adent and job, if you're underpaid, if you're new years, resolutions are high paying career that act now, pick up the phone call fast train right now at 866 fast train. Now get your train ready for a new high paying career just a few short months. That's right. Getting new high paying career just a few short months. See demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals is in all time high. Fast train offers convenient day, evening and weekend classes. Job placement assistance financially for people who qualify too. Pick up the phone call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train. They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005. Check fast train out on the web at fashoreen.com. But whatever you do, act now, do it now to get you a new high paying career because classes are filling up fast. This year, don't miss that train about fertility, make your new years resolution. We all think get out of your dead end job, give you a big fat paycheck and a real life that goes along with it. I have no luck. Call them toll free. 1-866 fast train. Be sure to tell them the contract told you to call 1-866 fast train. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-162A. You got a dental floss. Start. When I shopping good, I go to the Guan from Piers const Iím assuring you. I'm shopping for your team now, selling more money Iíre to MUU. Harder than MAU. Harder than L uh. The Lord of the Brown, the Elf is on his head and down to the Lord of the Brown, thanks to this insane fire. The Lord of the Brown, the Lord of the Brown, the Lord of the Brown, the Lord of the Brown, the Lord of the Brown, driving out a check as he's far to move way, but they won't accept checks from the thing to pump things, so he shall as her change, her sworn head and his her food, bond and die. While parting in love, parting in love, parting in love, parting in love, being loved by him and Victoria. Ontin' on Tardi? Alright. B比h früh Acita, Black Towel 끌 fees эк Lee Prat myãof Next thing we'll be picking our nose on here. I can't stand it. 28-tono, the QAM over the weekend, time magazine at Washington, the Washington, Tony, and both reported on five photos, a President of Bush and Jack Abramoff, the Native Publication Reviewed at Source. Yesterday, think progress laid out the case for why the source of photos was likely Abramoff himself. Last night, our hunch was confirmed, says rawstory.com. You're following me or why? I am. Appearing on MSNBC, newsweek correspondent Michael Isakov, that it was indeed Abramoff who floated the photographs to the Washington, Tonyan. Isakov said, Isakov, how do you spell that? MSNBC. Now, what was that song? What song? By MSNBC, it was much of an initials followed by MSNBC, name of the group, like MSNBC. Do you remember that? No. What year more or less? 1802. Isakov said, as a general rule, if you're the President, you know, like pictures out there of you with convicted felons. It sounds like there's at least one picture him with at least one convicted felon and another indicted. So it's probably not a picture of the White House's eager to have out there. And that's SB. That's it, MSNBC. How do you think the MSNBC score? Might he find music? Right. Might he find sounds for the soul-frame? That is correct. Folia? The other actress even keep that going. All right. The other interesting aspect of this is by the White House hasn't put these out. Jack Abrahamov has clearly shown them to people. I've been around anything about time sources, but I do know as a call said that he showed them to Washington, magazine, which he just made me playing a little bit of a game here. He has, of course, played guilty already to the justice department, but it does raise a question by mind, at least as to whether Abrahamov is maybe sort of sending some sort of signal out here. Hey, I've got this stuff. Maybe he wants something from somebody at the White House or he just wants someone at the White House not to do something and just sort of subtly playing with people there. The games that people play. How do you like that? The soul-train team, my MFSB, it's audio. My FI and Soundbroke. It's what I've been told you. It's what I've been told you. Mighty fine soundbroke. Okay, killer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now that farting and lying thing ties right in what we were talking about wasn't it before about people standing like at the supermarket or elevators? Like Greg dropping, passing some gas in the hallway? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, that's anything I'd say it wasn't. We need to have like a whole team of exterminators and that building you would have all the ostensibly he's left behind in there. He's probably still hanging around. I don't know how to say a witch doctor in a century of priest, my hearing. Male a couple of chickens on his old orphan's door. WKOM, hello. Okay, pali. Okay, pali. The attention for the meal. I don't know. I'm sorry. The killer. That guy can put me to sleep as soon as he opens his mouth. Check. Check. Yeah. Okay. I don't see that boring shack, I guess. That's not real. So anyway, do you want to know what that stands for? MF SB, mighty fine. No. Mother? Mow? Father? Son brother, sister. Mother father, sit a brother. MF SB. Yeah, yeah. I don't think so, I don't believe it. All right. Anytime they start tossing that MF stuff at me man, they're not fooling me. Maybe Marvin Rawman thinks I don't get it, but I get it. You know, I'm sorry. From what I hear. Yeah. And if I bite it, what did we hire Mow foe in the first place? Yeah. And Marvin, he's such an idiot. You know, he's your friend, though. I mean, probably, he's sitting around some fucking bad ones together. He's an idiot. He's an idiot. I'm okay. Said they're nothing wrong with that. A lot of us have friends who are idiots, what's wrong with that? Yeah, you got River. Let's compare. I said friends. 1046 votes. Who best fits this? He's only my friend when I'm a bi-endiner. Okay. I turned to that story. It's a true story. It tells me yesterday. Well, when you're going to be back in Florida, and I gave him some dates. But guess what? I lied. Okay. I said, the exercise is I lied. Whenever you're going to be there, River, I won't. And he says, oh, well, let's go to River Chris. I said no thanks. Yeah. Exactly. Ever seen those two together? Same person. Oh, man. Who picked under the hairpiece has been replaced to predict the guilty. Someone who needs a personality transplant, John Kerry 65 and Al Gore 63. Boy, no one in the Democrats are off source, baby. They got real issues. Man. Martha Stewart 40. Joseph Gaki 37. Good guy. Another another example. Good guy. Just, I mean, so boring you could run a sit on a curb and cry like Fray to when the Godfather. Again. Tiger Woods 34. And in the cold Smith 32, Bob Grease 18. He should be much higher, but I guess most of you folks never like, yeah, I'm really paid that much attention to him. And it's easy to understand why because he wasn't saying anything. Oh, I just like I told the homper. I'd rather listen to Bob Grease do in a game than Phil Sims any day. I think Josh would agree. No. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's marginal, I'm not saying Grease is good, but at least he doesn't, not a motor mouth. He doesn't put on some foamy. Fine. Fine. And the time and the line. Right about the 40 hour line. Phil Sims, accent isn't what gets me. It's what he's saying. They're plus he never seen, never stops talking. He's always wrong and plus he never shuts up. Kind of like Denise Puffman. That was good, my Denise was trying to like, maybe he's trying to get straight or fired. Because well, you know, we can't have sent you away to positive, but that was the Nathan Horton's got to put that shot on the net. And right after his straighter said, well, you know, shut up already. You're going to get me fired Denise, you idiot, you frog. Yeah, that's the truth. The pantheor organization has been all over the day straighter like stink on Rimmerman. You got to accentuate the positive, don't even if we lose 100 in a row. You got to like, yeah, it must be really tough to work for people like that. I mean, look at what we got. Well, at least we got a new general man group. Anyway, good guy. He's probably going to get me fired now. What he's, but anyway, ask me if I care. You can't. I'll just go to XM. I'll do a country music talk show, man. There you go. I can go with a flow. Mel Gibson 15 Kevin Costa 10, Pete Samper's 10 with a clammy hands. Jeff Gordon 7, Beno Cook Scott 6, Fala Hanks buddies around here. They're all boring. LNG generous 6, Bernie Williams 3, Senator Bill Nelson 2, and Ben Stein has got one. You want Ben Stein's money? No, I'll take it. Everybody's money for giving it out. But I wouldn't take his money with, would they fish net? I would, would with my way or anybody's money. I can understand that in a forced drive. He keeps waiting there. You know, see, they're playing the same game with him. They've always done. How many times we've seen this happen? I've heard of man. People are supposed to get a raise in like they stall and they stall. Because every month they've caused violence and other month they don't have to pay next to 80 cent or whatever it's going to be. You know what I mean? It amounts to like nothing like a tinkle in the snow. Which way do we have any snow here? No, no, son of a shun. I know I'm going to push my luck and probably try to buy a march. We're going to have like hellish winter. But there ain't there hasn't been any winter. It's just very bizarre folks, very strange. Let's say, Gloria Stain, the old, the fart sounds are back in my life. Where can our send this guy a Christmas card? I feel whole again. And it says, F.U. Bush. Well, it's maybe it's signed F.U. Bush. Maybe those are his initials. Look at that. You know what the temperature is already? I've heard him in. Oh, it's not going to be too warm today. They said the high was going to be like 26. It's already 30. So they lied. Friday, sunny and 43, and Saturday's partly sunny and 40 here. And it's the acid and January. Have you ever heard of such a thing in your life? No, no, like now probably the weather's going to turn real bad when Hank goes to Detroit. You don't want to be in Detroit at wintertime. Oh, man. I don't want to be in Detroit in the summer. I would say this having a good part of my life. I'd have to have my life out north. And that is that in Michigan is the worst. Now, yeah, I'd never been like him in a soda or like in, I can only imagine like up in Canada. I mean, way up there, like a cowlwood and a moose jaw, whatever. But in Buffalo is horrendous and Rochester too. But Michigan, the winners are so bitter and there's a wind that blows through you, man. Like, air v cell and your body is getting like ripped to shreds. You know what I mean? Like you feel like, oh, no matter how much clothing, how many layers of clothes are clothing, how many layers you wear, man. It just goes right through your ass that they're done that. Oh, God. Nice. You can eat. Lansing was really bad in Detroit for yet about it. Wow. See, because I think Detroit is on the ass end of Buffalo. In other words, all the big nasty stuff. It starts there like in Central and Eastern Michigan. It goes, it's the games, all the energy in Detroit and rumbles across the ambassador bridge. And then it goes across the Queen Elizabeth way. And then when it gets to like the Eastern Ontario, it dips out the Toronto. Okay, this is being nice to me. And it goes right through that golden horse of shoe. As Hamilton, Niagara and then Buffalo. All man and the pew and Batavia and Lee Roy and Rochester and El Maira and Schconnectity and Syracuse. Oh, God. And Albany. Holy moly and water town. Are you in the water town? No, sorry. My God. He used to be watching a weather there and Rochester. Well, they got a 44th gift that snow and water. Well, you want to, how high 40 feet is? But you high. That's higher than fat boys ass. 40 feet of snow. So like I said, stay on those places. Set a Detroit. We need to borrow. No, so the Detroit is five. I will start with you. Go from a spoke up. I will hear you. Let's do something for some. True, but something for some is your little. For what one? God bless you please. Let's do something for some. There's a happy find that you will pay. Don't worry about you. Stay, hey, hey. Stay, hey. Now you have a swimming over good in our place. I hope you're still. Look around you all you see. You're dilated eyes. If you get in stone, do it in your form. And if you missed this dark front room, You're walking down just the window your phone. For what one? God bless you please. Let's do something for some. But I know you're not so good. Stay, hey, hey. Stay, hey, hey. Four-tea-do-do-to-five-60-W-DQ-M-It's 1146 boys and girls. I just looked at the thing we signed a couple of years ago, the Beasley programming, listen that we all had a sign that the George's benefit and see I'd like for a answer with it. And of course, the Beasley programming, whatever that thing is, guideline, it doesn't mean for any way shape or form to a park sounds. You got it? I got it. So that was always something that just are underlings there just because there are weak sisters. All okay, Joyce, whatever you say. Well, not we got a new rate of jima in there, okay. Anybody's going to be like a weak sister. I think it's going to give like a shut down for dough. I could be wrong about that. Maybe I'm misreading the signals, but I don't think so. Because right at the end of the call yesterday, would Joe, he like put the phone. I don't want to see where he put it back. And here he like farted right in the phone, which I thought was like a message for me. You know, maybe I misread it with a smoke signal. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh no. Man. Oh yeah, here's a good one for the poor. Thank you, Steve. Jimmy Siffle is stats are good one. Another one of Hank's buddies, it's his prey. Oh no, the humpers not he's got a personality, okay. Some people don't like it, but then again, that's the same with me. No seriously, that's true. Jimmy Siffle is hey, Jimmy. You fairery. Come on. Get serious, man. And see when somebody, you know what's like it's like with the gacky. And again, he's a good guy, but he's got no personality. So like when he tries to get a say like on those games. Oh my. Oh my. It's just so over the top. Oh my. Oh my. It sounds ridiculous. Oh my. Oh my. You know what I mean, it's just embarrassing, but anyway. Jimmy Siffle is okay now let me start building tomorrow's pool. Because I got inspired. Can I tell you what inspired me? I'll give you a hint. Okay. Kevin Feed relying up to no good question mark. They're ripping him an ass. Now here's a picture of him and I'll be honest with you. With a bath and a shave and get rid of them too. And that's a real good scrubbing like that. Right. By a human. You know, a liar, a brush or a hot, be like her. But he would look almost human. I know. He's, he's for no risk. Right. Well, there's no question about that. The rat, they view of Kevin Feed relying on his cavefid to send. Now that's the first time I heard that. I heard a K-tail. Yeah. If it's a tail of its mouth. No one is cavefid to some but the most is Mr. Brittany Spears features only a snippet of his liberal prowess. Given a response to what even less might have been better. Popo Zhao, Brazilian inspired group which features Feed line wrapping about large pastures in between a few yokes and gruff voiced chorus. Right. Made it stay view on the internet earlier this month. Though the track is three minutes long and Feed lines wrap less for less than a minute. It has already become a popular music track circulating on the web. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm on it all day long. Mmm. Mmm. Are you? Oh yeah. Popo Zhao. Popo. But popular and likable are two distinct notions when it comes to Popo Zhao. Entertainment Weekly said it was worth unexpected while the music create magazine Billboard company Monument to Media Equity. It's incredible incredibly horrible. Last DJ Star of the Rockist Star and Buck Wildshow which broadcast from New York's Power 105.1 and sent it to the National Library like everybody except me. The good news is there's a lot of exposure for him. The bad news is 75% are waiting at his an F. So Jack Isquith, executive director at Agoelle Mews, equates to both of the whole page. Mockingly titled the emancipation of K-Fed to the song and love visitors to rate Popo Zhao. He said a half of my visitors have been on the site in about 85,000 of played the song. So far there's a lot of interest but not a lot of people yet are feeling this as a great song or his career is going to go. Well it's going to go somewhere out right in a turlet. Still Feed line bets to land up having the last life once his album is yet untitled is released as spring. I'm not too worried about A that Feed line. Well you're going to rush on by, aren't you? I got my pre-order in already. I'm going to sniff around the edges of the CD because it Brittany might have touched it. I'm not too worried about any of that Feed line. Instead of the negative reviews and interviews last week with the AP, eventually the music will speak for itself. You're going to look at me like this for so long. Oh I'm looking at you and I'm looking at you and I'm looking at you. Wow. The public has that much of a positive view ever since Spirit thrust a baggy pants where in chainspoken Feed line in the spotlight is her backup dancer and boyfriend in 2004. How a sad. The company's trashy exploits since hooking up including televised in their quicky romance and the reality show chaotic and wearing tracksuits at their wedding celebration is red pimped atty on the back and helped make keyfetch a template target and light night show a joke magnet. He's a joke magnet. He's running a close second for pimped the decades to his star. It's right behind Bobby Brown. I think he's right behind Mikey Brown. No downtown Mikey Brown doing a heck of a job. Lately gossiping is his guest suggested that Spirit's originally gave birth to sunshine is tiring a feed-aligned village party ways the feed-aligned denies the rumors of Scrape. I love my kids and my proud father happy has been all that since feed-aligned who also eyes to children of ex-girlfriend Shard Jackson they were never married of course by the way. I love my life with my wife as an normal person and that's that. I love my life with my wife and know more wife. At Duncan Fife. And feed-aligned says he hasn't been spending most of his time partying but working on the upcoming album. I've been in the closet well wouldn't for a while since feed-aligned. You're fairly. I don't know I guess I'd have to say I'm the rookie of the year. Oh boy. Besides the guest appearance from rapper PD Pablo feed-aligned says there'll be no guest there as soon as upcoming album. Oh, if PD Pablo's done I gotta rush out and get that. rapper PD Pablo. Oh my god. And of course if they jumped you you're supposed to say. Oh, I thought I went Pablo. Sorry you didn't. I thought I should get it in. When you were on sick. Okay. That's a job. Okay. So that inspired me for our tomorrow's poll which we can start building a time you want. What do you think it's going to be? Let me mention one more name to you. Okay. Just one. Any Murphy. I'm supposed to get the question of right. And Kevin Feederline. Okay. People don't think they can sing. Oh. Okay. Oh. And out. This. Ah. I mean this could have like 4,000 names on it. Yeah. How about Celine Dion. Right. I mean even Peter Jennings says you've got to be in hell to appreciate her music. And even there it's annoying. Makes you ears bleed. So many and so little time. Especially. I mean a lot of these people are like TV stars on sitcoms or whatever kind of show. And all of a sudden it became a singer's of a story. You know what I mean? Yep. And he even had the other one. And even though nobody will remember her, but I because of that thing with the songs of the hits of the 70s. Vicky Lawrence. Okay. Now Vicky Lawrence is is an interesting lady because her whole life was based on the fact that she was on a Carol Burnett Show. And she looked a little like Carol Burnett. And she acted like her. And she was like she was like Carol Burnett clone. Like they were joined with the hip. And and and she says, bland. She could almost be on today's pool. But nobody knows who she is. But the night. The lights went out in Georgia. What else? What? A man leave her smash. I was honestly home and I had the lights went off the OJ I became aware of how she's sitting there In fact in the infomercial time life for the hits of the 70s When I show her singing that song She's like, it's like Perry Commel on that In bed, you know, with the, well that's cute I mean, there's no scary Coba Yeah, Perry Commel, very good Kind of like what's his name? Alistair Rano passions If I have to see that fancy schmancy one mole time Okay, that's enough That's enough, that's enough, thank you Lauren, thank you So there you go, that's a little something to work on that too for tomorrow 560, 50560, I mean for tonight, I mean for when everybody put it on there See if we get enough with like 75,000 different poles on there We'll be so far ahead of ourselves, these people won't, you know, they won't be able to figure out who's on first Kind of like our prior management By the way, Greg, just side of 75 year contract hanging around the building Come on, you can't wait, I'm hello Neil, yes sir A new one, a new name for your pole Johnnie, the one for tomorrow Oh John Johnson, that's exactly what I had in mind People that were like actors or on TV and then all the Sunday decided it could sing Like any rock Okay, thanks, Sally Thanks Okay, is that down on the phone? Oh, a stand major I say yes, I say no, get a haircut I say, oh, what those were the days man Those were the days when It was Stan was obsessed with Don Johnson I still say a boy in his dog was his best movie No question I told you I watched that again the other day With a great taste in Rho Bar has had to show it to teen daughter And she liked it a lot and went into her friends Now how did she like the ending? She took a lot of things Still laughing Rolling in the 4-4 hour Good choice, Don Take it from me He's right You better, well I know a lot of rumors about him too Now that you mentioned that But anyway, it's time to go He's done You're fairy WCWM, hello WCM, hello WCM, hello No 560, 505, 60 Pound 5, 60 And he Verizon, singular wireless line Somebody who thinks they can sing but can't Jamie Farmer, who is it? Jamie Foxy, he did Ray And apparently because of that he thinks he's a singer So he did that Oh great actor, why did he have to spurl it And you heard that we have the parody Here's the original Well I'm a DJ And that's Jamie That's the dragon Friend indeed Now what's the parody? Oh is that what that is? And you're knocking that That's big, it's great Yeah Alright She takes a finger Well that's coming up right now That's Jamie That's why it sounds good Yeah, that's right Somebody who can actually sing a little bit Great actor, why did you got to mess it up You know like any Murphy, any Murphy was funny And so he got caught with that trend He was funny When he even persimed Another people singing like this part of his comedy routine Yeah Historical Sponored But he can sing a lick Yeah This is a new Roger There go me Mr Boots And I've lived it in a little bit Well we're loaning out She takes a finger And dig the deep And do an arse real For something green Oh she's a no thicker She's digging down Don't flicking at me Her finger's gone No, I just can't see the nose And her dragon do We can't even begin to hurt And her arms go She's a no thinner She's a no thicker Jamie and girl going here to dig it All the same She's gone girl going to keep me in the girl She's no thicker I'm going to keep me in the middle Her finger's gone No, I just can't see the nose And her dragon do Okay I've got a lot of 560 W2A I feel like we're like I'm different station all of a some No two Oh I feel very different I feel like we're on a different planet Even Josh feels like liberated And then can get their raise You feel even better about it It's a wood Well How is Clara doing you see him today Yeah No Ha ha ha ha Man oh man So Josh Cortis is running the show today And things seem to be going pretty well I mean just this show I mean a whole station That's right I'm going to start by a fart No one is You're out there go If we had those on a sports show It's in fact we certainly couldn't have done worse than we thought That one one That's somebody through when there So there you go What? Army stretched a breaking point report says You ready for this? I guess I'll have to be Stretched by frequent two rotations To Iraq and Afghanistan The Army has become a thin green line I could snap Unless relief comes soon according to a study for the Pentagon Andrew Crippin of it It returned Army officer who wrote the report on a Repenticon contract It could be Army cannot sustain the pace of True deployments to Iraq long enough to break the Back of the insurgency He also suggested that the Pentagon's decision Anonstant December to begin reducing the force in Iraq this year Was driven in part five Realization Army was over Extended As evidence he points to the Army's 2005 recruiting swamp missing its recruiting Grow for the first time since Ninety nine And if decision to offer much bigger Enlistment bonuses and other incentives You really begin to wonder just how much stress and strain there is on the Army how much longer it can continue He said in the interview oh I think the case let's go into a ran Yeah And let's go at a North Korea And let's invade Canada That's what happened to that because it's how it's up Yeah Well we go through that it makes too much sense How about this decadestant That's good Five six seven Okay, let's get some singers on here Let's say this is one list that I can't afford to do around We've got to get a whole bunch of names on here If this is going to go on later Work tonight whenever I'm in the mood to which Change it on you Guess what happened to me yesterday What happened to yesterday? Eight o'clock last night ten after eight I'm looking at my watch I'm not why I'm looking at my watch because I got a clock But I'm looking at my watch to see what time because I don't want to miss a supernatural With same in the Dean See the same I won't forget Dean And anyway And I look at my watch and it's at ten to four And I thought maybe I had enough side down Do you ever do that? Oh yeah all the time And it was not upside down It was right side up and the second hand was like sitting there You know what I mean? Like not moving And so right now I would say for the first time in years I'm doing the show I had no watch on Of course I got all these different clocks in here But I got no watch Huh I feel like naked So back to the children day I got a lot of by me a watch Now this was a sequel What are they called these the ones that like self-winding The self-winding but like you're ever-winding Yeah until the battery died What do they call those? I don't know Kinetic Okay you get really frenetic if it's kinetic Cut You're really living kinetic cut All the time And in a rate so I got a lot of time in it And I'm not going to go all I spend Nincent dollars I think it was like about a 200 dollar watch That's not to spend on a watch It was a lot of this one that's a Tim brought by for me in Josh's handy Because it updates itself automatically with the satellite But it's not very pretty It's a plastic casserole look and thing In other words you wouldn't wear it on your wrist I would to work But you know not out on a fancy date or not like that Oh Is anyone who I am hello? Hello Niel Yes sir How about Regis Serban He's singing Yeah he got a Christmas CD out of something Oh no I got a game on there Oh my god Okay thanks pal Thank you I have a new one Regis Philbin's got an album It's good Niel It's digging about the time We all bet Wow 560 How's what's his name doing a Brady Quinn in Notre Dame Who? WQA and hello Well we're going to read you the big Notre Dame fan Hello Niel Yes sir I got a couple for you David, have a heart and jail Excellent two outstanding in fact you've seen together same person Thanks pal David has a lot he gives me Philkie's man Well I know we talk about that all the time and he's so popular in Germany I wonder why It couldn't be that name put it In fact that's number one show in Germany still is Dave Watch You feel hot shit with your like it or not It's not here it's not here every night I'm one of our goofball channels what channel is this 318 on the Dragon Movie Channel It's not every evening about I don't know whatever it's on Look at that How in the kid What's that David Hasselho? Well you think I got David half-alph in here Oh jello That always room for it Yeah I always room for big fat there jello She better it Oh I think this light is going on here Remember what I said about those balls you got to take care of that You think they could do that? Because I can't go being boldy down here I just don't have to be The program director to tell our engineers that's not to Well that's what our songs are There's our conservative young people who are like a little pliers Just keep my finger and my fingers are Huh? Just grab on it and give it a pull No, I'm afraid to pull that I don't want to It's plastic I don't want to like break these you know Yeah, you might they're tender So 560 pound 560 Verizon I'm serious because I want to like replace all of these I don't want to have to add there The guy appears a great guy You better not have a slip over your change a few little bulbs I mean if I could put in the two new den and cdx like I did Yeah, if I could and install my with the help of my friend who's a computer expert The the two Backs for an all in one things I got Well, we'll fly fix it up there to change it I think Josh had a good idea in Friday and it is with the blackberry maybe going out of business I got to get me one of them phone The all in one things, you know, the camera I know the kind to get And I can send you pictures of this beautiful studio A bar weed jealous. That's a really neat place You want the palm 650 You're ready to be able with your service Would watch service Well, it depends it might not be available with your particular service Or you know I don't go to services even on the high holidays I'll check that on a road town and Tom said well, I'm not going to do that until a blackberry goes You know, no absolutely no rush, but just don't get a price or whatever you do don't get this thing You have one thing Oh, that one you have everybody's got it You know, they're great except if you want to use it as a phone Well, I sure don't want more camera Come on, if you weigh in, hello How up? Yes sir What about David's soul from star skin hugs? Oh, good Don't give up on us baby Baby Oh, could he sing or what? Hey, paling All right Okay, you know something You think he told a person I didn't know what to go through all those things I think he's out there I know he's uh, it's said hits to the 70s I got you so right here Oh God Don't give up on us I just think that's wow But to see that's that's the kind of person I'm talking about Amy Murphy, John Johnson, David's soul All these people that were like big you know Who mixed stars in TV or movies or whatever And then all of a sudden Oh, I'm a singer Poof, I'm a singer Yeah, right by the way Yes But you started out with him Amy Murphy Right Can he sing or no? Can he don't want out? I know you wouldn't listen to that I don't want to sound a lot this record Who went out and bought it? You? When you're on the bottom of the pot Did you buy this record? Get out of here I would buy any Murphy record You must be doing bad drugs man Try to stick all the time I thought you'd like to party all the time Yeah But that is looking at mirrors We heard You're fair I'm a bad party animal You know, if I sound like I'd be at the way the one time before I started to sit Yeah He's going to have to courage Does it give you a word? Yeah You're like, he's here with that trans estate And we got Westeye, whatever it is you've got You're a good singer I'm not gonna do this I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do this So if you're a him, hello You're a him Hey, how about a William Scherner? There's our great singer For he was just on biography channel channel yet. He still couldn't sing. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. But at least he's got a great sense of humor though. Although, see, I don't know if that's because he's not singing serious, you know, it's comedy. Bravo put it on there. Sure. Because he doesn't think you can sing in fact he knows he can't sing, but that's that's the whole idea of the album's, but it's amusing. Put it on there. Just for all time sake. Just for his wife who's still in the pool. There you go. That was a paper. Oh, just tap in there. Now, where did this come from all of a sudden? Just out of nowhere. Everything was going long, just externally, well, and you played Bill Schatter and all of a sudden the whole phone system, crapped out. Because it's not doing anything now. Oh, there it is. QAM. Hello. Hello. Oh, we lost power man. Can you hear us? Oh, okay. Yeah, I hear you. But I mean, so in other words, I'm sitting here punching the buttons, running with those going on. There we go again with that crappy Florida Plunderwood loop again. We lost power down there. It's always on that and it's always on the US and they, and why I say we lost power, but really shut down hard. Well, all my lines are flashin' though, but you're gonna have to reboot the post system because they're flashing like crazy and I can't put nobody on here. Little we try it. Two a and hello. See, it shows that it picked the line up, but you're not loaded. You got to play on. We don't answer. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not that David's up, but it's thirsty in that picture. David, who? Oh, don't give up. I mean, we just got through doing that. We just got through playing that like 10 seconds ago. Don't give up. He just wanted to hear it. Yeah. Oh, what's the story? You got tourists there. Is that what you tell me? Everything is rebooting. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I think it's working on instant. My phone is just fine on this. Oh, we're fine. And you know what we do? Windows we have in here, boy. We just we had like a couple seconds of pitch blackness and that's it. Sonny, shine in here, baby. I mean, it's a little on the cool side. It's like 32. You know, it's a good thing these computers run back up power. Oh, wait. They're not. Oh, I see. So in other words, everything is out like the DCS and all this stuff. What about the audio vault? I better find out about that before I start doing a break. Yes, definitely out. The audio vault is out. Yeah. Oh, my God. Well, what tell do we do now? I guess I'll do my spot. And then we'll slow. I'll do about a 10 minutes week or twice. We did twice. Oh, John, that's how you do that place. That place. I kind of like him to the right yesterday. Do our general man, where money, other things I touched on about engineering. Of course he knows those guys from the kiss experience. He's had a kiss to two with those guys. And I told him that basically they just don't give a crap. But then again, they can control the weather and the fact that everything every time a pigeon flies over his wild diarrhea that we have a yard, we can go out. That's for a plunder and loop for you. No, I'm saying do I know it. You're not not that I'm trying to like act like some engineer. Exactly. What do I know about? That's great that I'm like the reason I'm going through these on here is because, you know, obviously that's the only place I could find those. They're absolutely not far-tonged. You know what I mean? Uh huh. What do I like? And she's like that all and I guess I'll have to put that in the DCS because you play a lot of that stuff which I have no idea where it is. It's all in the 360 right? So then my sheenma. It's a good my sheen. Yes it is. As your my sheen out is your uh, because I think it'll be really quickly. Yeah. It's a great my sheenma, like for example, like that. Or like, do it again. Wow, I gotta reset. There you go. Time to kin. Our after a teen is fine. She's alright. You're just got it. It's a good back there. That's good. Now which one's up a good? That was the other the 360. What about the else you go into the whole mile trek and thing? What about the audio box? Yeah, you're good to go. I'm right. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. Music Talking about our favorite kebboxing audience. What a great round 2019 fifths ducü EN guess well. I had a door list, who else did you add to the list? William Hong Oh, well, really Nelson. Oh, God. Will he shut up in a row or a game? How about Bob Dylan? Hey, but they're okay. I mean, those are people that actually, there are some folks who consider they can really sing and they can't. Oh, it's big enough to hear the film is writing a list out, right? Yes, I think. I don't worry about that. I'm taking here, Benus. Um, the way to like, the people stuff up. Yeah, that's what I just heard on a bit. The most people see are among most wanted. He tells the surrender to San Mateo courts. Big enough people who've been sing or maybe not. The little people. A man who helped make famous to songs Y, MCA, and in the Navy is still scheduled to be featured on the television show America's most wanted. After fitting to surrender to an San Mateo County courtroom yesterday, a court of San Mateo County activity district attorney Stephen Wavstaff, Wang is a wagonant. Victor Willis 54, the original policeman from the musical group of the village people was scheduled to turn himself in after a $200,000 warrant for his arrest position October 20. His new defense attorney Deen Johnson, indicating he would appear in court, but he failed to do so. Even though Willis was in court, a crew from the criminal vusting TV show America's most wanted. Have I changed your own church and was lurch in there? A crew from America's most wanted, which is taped the segment on Willis and expected air sometime during the second week of February, it came to court yesterday. Willis was pulled over by 11 PM on July 11 last year in Daily City, for an unspecified traffic violation in the area of Bayshore Boulevard, and Geneva Avenue. I'm sure that, you know, if you like on a West Coast, you know what that is. After being stopped, Willis was filed to be in position of 3.22 grams of cocaine and loaded 45 caliber semi-automatic handguns for the D.A. When questioned by police, Willis reportedly gave a false name, his brothers had a fake license that he said. Kind of like their music, fake on the FUN, their music was fun, but fake. Right? October 19, Willis reportedly left the phone message with his former attorney Kenneth Quiddly informing him he would not be president of October 20, since he was a media devil work. Maybe he's doing some smash mouth of football. Sam Mateo County Superior Court George Mark Forkham. Excuse me. If I were CUM, how would you say that? Forkham? If you don't like them? Forkham. If you need $200,000, I'd have been sworn for Willis who was out of custody on his own, but Congress has set the time. This previously said that a plea bargain with a maximum of 60 of termin state prison in role in a drug and clear alcohol procurement program, Willis's probation report is quite negative. According to Forkham is also charged with violating his probation frame 2003 incident which he was found in possession of four grams of cocaine. The article came. According to America's most water website, it was convicted of 90 of drug possession acquitted of rape in 93. He's had some issues. Maybe he spent too much time and the Navy like that. You think? I'm sure. I don't mean him. That was said that we got YMCA. I would tell you, but the DCS is still on. I had to read it. You still got issues there. Oh, yes. I'll be there. But the audio wall's working. We're getting a spot on. And we're also going to take a call on line nine, which is probably not a good idea. WCOM. WSB. I'm not there. Oh, thank God. That was an active God. Thank you so much. Thank you. See, I just I deal around with the village people so they're long enough to chase his ass away. How many QAN hello? Uh-oh. How many QAN hello? They need a lot of people to think they can sing and they can't help I mean, when you eat the flies with John Ashcroft. I'm watching. It's a beautiful thing. Thank you. John Ashcroft. I don't know what I'm seeing God because I'm in what's ready to list out. I don't want to. Because you're still on the other pool. What is the other pool? We already passed that one by, you know? Who best fits this? Who best fits this? Well, that's what tomorrow is. Who best fits? If the who fits, fight it? Someone who needs a per eye personality transplant. El Gore 89 is passed John Kerry. Oh, man. Forty and sixty votes. John Kerry 79. Martha Stewart 56 has in Q 56. She's on serious Martha Stewart. Everybody sign up. I pay to hear her, uh, croak. Through the Ganky 47. Anna Kul Smith 41. Tigers Woods 39. Mel Gibson 21. Five is greasy 21. As he ever. Kevin Costner 14. Pete Sanford 11. Ben Stein 9. Jeff Gordon 9. Ellen D. Generate. Vino Cove 7. Senator Bill Nelson of Florida for Bernie Williams 3. And Jimmy Suffelich. He's only got two. You're fairie. Oh, no. Uh oh. He blowing up over there too. No, no problem. I just had to shove that little tray back. You know, the tray at the bottom of the, uh, vaccine. Yeah. So the facts you just sent me just fell on the floor. But I got him. Tony Danza very, very good. Somebody faxes a, uh, cover of the outlawed because I wouldn't have believed it. Otherwise Tony Danza or he ain't no Mario landsl. I'll take it out. The house I live in. Good. Thank you, Tim. And also talk hogan is a singer. That's what it says here. Why would they lie? That's when the golly Lawrence. Oh, my God. He ain't no Steve Lawrence. I'll take it that. I just wrote Joey Steve Lawrence. Joey Lawrence. Uh Steven Sigeal is a singer. Okay. John Revoltor. And I know that for a fact. Hey, Johnny. You're fairie. John Revoltor. These are all people who were like very successful actors. Actresses. Uh, we're sure. I think we, uh, shack. Shack is a singer. That's right. I forgot about that. How could you? Shack is a singer. Oh, right. Jennifer, look at you. I'm a real hewit. Yeah. And Martin hewit horrible. Of course it would be that Martin hewit was in with the Brook Shields. Oh, God was at Hot Movie. In fact, it was a movie about our life. It was a fabulous love. It was flaming. I see you remember that because Brook Shields was like naked on the floor. Yeah. And you know, who's that down Marie played daddy and played mommy and she was standing up there in the balcony looking down and they were doing their thing on the floor. Broke was not naked in that movie. Well, she wasn't naked, but she wasn't naked in the other one either. If she was not. But you wish. I did. Michael Thomas. Right. Is this singer? No, but he did it anyway. Somebody pretended Philip Michael Thomas that is very sad. How about a bushlar God? I don't know what his name is, but boy, see that that's your really got a minor. Who was that a save by the bill? Boy, did that show annoyed a hell out of me? I had to have a son. I said, the rapist kid was on there. No, he wasn't. You know what I'm talking about? Nope. I was like, okay, that dinner that was on there. You didn't know him with your son. He's on some show now. Mario, that's amazing. Yeah, that's the one. That's exactly the one. Mario Lopez. Well, he got a quitted, I think. Like Kobe, you know. But Mario didn't score 82 points and even so 82 copies of the record. 27 pass no. And they're a senator Jack Weedor Rhode Island who says, but the risk is real. Is real? Sing there they go again. The pandering. A E double R I. Oh, G A N self-care again. Yes, died of all the crap I've heard about her. Wish me a drop to head and we will without her. Why? E double R I. G A N you see. Oh, is a name that the same had ever been connected with prior to why me. Yeah. Oh, right. Don't be so good to walk away. Oh, wait, hold on man, man. That's not going to work. Let me just clear my throat. All right. Don't be so good to walk away. I should be in this and go work. And what's up, Jack? Do we got to do this? Yeah, yeah, I'm going to do this. Man, I just have to use some throat spray. That's all. All right. All right. Go ahead and hit me as you grow. Here's it. Look out, girl. So good. You're perfect. Oh, boy. You can't use that. You're okay. No, it's nothing, man. It's like, I don't know. Mama, voicing Saturday. Just think what Justin needs is a little motivation to rock his body. You ought to green. All right. I have the latest issue of hustler here. So Justin, take a look at that. You made a lot. You bought the baby. Yeah. Let's do it. You're the music man. You made a lot. So don't do it. You made a lot. All right. All right. All done. Stop. Good music. Thank you. Justin, you're fair. Anyway, there's another good one for our list. All right. Justin, take a bill. Please. And somebody says, baby, it's Patrick Swazey. Yeah. What a good list this is. Some of those things they can seem but can't. Any Murphy, Kevin Feederline, Selen Dion, Mickey Lawrence Don Johnson, Jamie Foxx, We just filled in J. Lowe. Back home, David Hansel's off. David's soul. Don't give up on us. You named William Jackson. William Hung. William Nelson. Bob Dylan. John Aschroff. Why don't let that people get sore. Well, sorry. I stepped on somebody. Yeah. You got to get to hoove me. I can't hear it. What was it? You got to get to go to the house. What did you hit? He's a nice one, dancer. Did he move about dancing? He leaves me to move. There we go. All in the room. Patrick Swazey. Oh. Well, I see where we got him on. Yeah, that's why I knew I had decided to do it. Got me all the time. That was the idea. Tony Danza. Tall coven. Tall coven. My singing had no idea. Wow. They might have made things up up. Joey Lawrence. John, we're halter. Well, fuck. Philip Michael Thomas. Justin Tickabell and Patrick Swazey. I think we just heard from him. We know. Just five six seven. Oh, I got you. Well, I guess you got your crap back working again, huh? Yeah, eventually. Damn it. Like for so much simpler when you didn't. WQAM Hello. See they hung up because they got pissed off at the Patrick Swazey thing. But he just annoys the hell out of me all the way. Oh, big time. Very aggravating. Can't act. Can't sing. Maybe he can dance like he just said. He's an excellent dancer. Good. Just like an excellent driver. WQAM Hello. Like I'm a cobalight. He's a very good driver. Yes, sir. Dion Sanders. Dion Sanders be singing. Wait, you know something? That is an excellent choice. As a matter of fact, no, no way. We can't play that one. What's that call? Just throw the money. What is that call? Well, we'll go in the couple. I want to find the right one. Oh, gee. I don't want to play that Dion song because he says the inward in there. I don't want to play that. We're not going to say. What is that thing called? Come on. Dion. You ain't got to be done, Bernie. Must be to money. Very good. How the hell did you find that? There's no way out. I mean, the poor. He's singing. It's stereo. I'm not going to play that one. You must be to the straight. The boys. At least we don't got to see him. No more numbers of Pre-Game series with a temp off, but he was wearing there for a long time. I'm talking about Josh. I do. Yeah. Oh boy. That was, he made you Jones for Shannon Sharp. That's how annoying he was and talk about a bad stereotype. My mind Dion. expected bird were sitting on a couch shot in townhouse in Lortahill. This like that a suspected bird were shot and wounded by a female at the townhouse this morning channel's success. The shot man reported me age 60 so and the I guess he shot. Maybe he's a like, I'm a shot. Was taken at a barrage general medical center in Fort Lortahill for his treatment of a non-life threatening gunshot wound was left side and was important in stable condition. Just like a mecobali, he's in stable condition. The incident started around 60 to the small and that was really something Charles Balaif from Channel 7 news called us this morning. Does anybody know who they did? No. The incident started around 60 to the small and the 59-year-old block of North West 23rd Street when what was described as an elderly man or to the home and set down on the couch. He just entered the home and set down on the couch. Maybe he needs somebody to write somewhere to rest his old bones. Maybe one of three children living at the house saw the strange man and the other was mother. Not me, there's a man at the couch. The man grand day, the mother grand nine millimeter handgun and a fairly ordered stranger leave several times. It was the medium to know what the man's reaction was but the woman fired at least one shot hitting the man. The man staggered outside and collapsed. Nothing was immediately known about the burglary suspect that neighbor set a holding area for mental patients is located nearby and that residents in the area have problems in the past with breakings and walkings from people who have left the facility. They have just left the building. Maybe it was Elvis. How old would he be right now? What did he die? 78. Two four six eight. They're about 77 maybe. 77. Sunset strip. We've cooked you at burns. Let's see, this 28 years ago, so Elvis would be out. Would be surprised that might have been Elvis. Get Stan major on the case. That was Elvis man. 67. Let's look up to do a Google on Elvis on his bio and see what year he was born. Because let's see 61. 35. Well in 1935, are you sure I that know? 77 like I said. He was 77. What year was he born? What language am I speaking? Follow the bouncing balls. Kate Annual in Ke Annual. Did I see 35? 35. I said I would make him 71. So maybe this guy maybe got the age wrong. I think it's Elvis. He wanted to rest his weary bones. And this is a lady when they're shot that poor old man. That's bad. Oh, for some of that music. Maybe she didn't like Elvis. What is this? From grape codies blog today at the year. Well, what is that all about? The South Florida radio wars on a blog. How come they don't have the, yeah. Also, it says, could you please give more to a lot of weather reports? It's reading compelling way to shoot from both this, put up billboards to write our traffic and whether every 10 minutes only on 560 QM. It's compelling. It's sunny in about 30 is what it is. It's compelling. It sure is how less boring than a weather there. And this must be from our friends across the street note out when you think I would imagine. It says from great codies blog today at blogs.hero.com. Welcome to part one. And you know, there's something my name is not on here. There's an explanation at the time. I see today through Friday will be accepting votes for your favorite and least favorite honor, sports personality, sorry, and your Rogers from rival sports radio station QM in the 790 to ticket. Next week, part two, the finals, the showdown QA and versus 790 head to head with the top. How can it be head to head with our leave an off midday the highest rated to one in station. Who are you full and Greg Co. Tax you any of you to for all man. The top two favorites and least two favorites and each station chose my scoring off of the two titles. After you hold field free to click on comments to praise or lobby for a host you enjoy the most or rail against the host you find most in one. This is under blog. How do you like that? Who's your favorite QM radio personality? And so I biggo Hank, any K to manage. Who's your least favorite QM person? Oh, and look at this talk about a loaded deck. They got four people from QM. There's no Curtis Stevenson. There's no Geldey. They got four people on there and they got two four six eight nine people are the man who you can. What a joke. They got Brandsig. Who knows? Brandsig. I think they're that Dutch heavy metal band. Certainly you know that is Josh Brandsig, 10 to midnight. They're promotion director is doing a show at night. So it's a default. Dan LaBasterd, OG McDuffie, Kevin Rogers, Joe Rose, Sid Rosenberg, Brandsig, the booster and scoops. So they got four people from our station and nine from there. This is the biggest pilot craft man. So this is from across the street. Like we're supposed to be upset about this. The amama. That's my comment. And of course, leaving the operator is the way of you know, goose in there. Number up there. Just like to tell the sun sent with the same thing. Well, guess what Greg Cody guy. I'm afraid that Mario Lemue just retired. So you days of hockey right now all over. What an idiot he is. Look at that. He got me short said. I knocked the I knocked the DCS out of the audition thing. Not yet. Same old same old baby. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6. It's day. Oh, my every child. That's 5.6. So WQ. What's going on doing tonight? And crying minds. What to know? That's why inspiring minds. Read the Miami Herald is more east for way really having sex with an alien from outer space. It's from the house. It's called a hockey the true mother of the elephant man. It's in the house. Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Herald? It's in the house. Is Tim Baker about to get birds of Jerry Paul well? Baby, you better the house. Sex. Sex. Sex. More. How is it? What's going on? What's going on? It's amazing. Roy. Sty from Florida acrossward. It's a little bit has no answer. Our own pilot's a pride. It's just for us. It's not so much better to Neil Rogers. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we have a mood of bloody thing all day. Finally. Family rhetoric. It's Alan and ladies. It's you. The Miami Herald. Available at supermarket check out counters everywhere. And we're five or two or three. That's what you're going to get in the Herald. Believe me, the birds will fly away and never come back. You put that rag in the bottom of the bird cave. By the way, it's sunny and beautiful for whoever from across the street sent that facts. No extra charge for the info. So here's what we got. And of course, it says, who is your favorite WQM radio personality? Now the question says, for it's sorry, you know Rogers, but the poll itself says, who's your favorite WQM radio personality? I take great, unburdened exception to that because they know that I kick all of their ass on both stations by his hidden votes. So let me tell you, Greg, co-text, you know what I'm doing with this facts right now. I'm wiping in a very delicate spot. What can brown do for you? God. Anyway, so you want to hear what's going on? Let's go to her. Okay, who is your favorite WQM radio personality? This will take a time because it's a blog and it's set up in a way that you've got to go back and forth. Or they don't have Kimbo camp or they don't have a guilty. They don't have Curtis. So we got four people listed. They got nine. Even got the promotions guy who does two hours late at night, but they obviously are trying to stack the deck. So how about if our people stack the deck? Orlando, Elsa Query, who was absolutely rock solid. Five to seventy and forty six votes. And Goldberg's 68 votes. And he came 32 votes. Jim Man is 158 votes. Oh, right here like that. Ah, Dan Lobbastard. If I don't wait, Lobbastard. Just remember that other poll. They had that funny thing in the Sun suddenly he was voting for himself a thousand times. So let's see. We got to technically give her for that poll before I get back to that. Actually, since and wow, she sure can live sync. You can't even do that well. No. Actually, since. Okay. Could you please play when the key queen calls for instructions? What does that call? You'll figure it out. Oh, man. Anyway, so there's these. So three hundred and four people voted on that. Okay. We didn't go straight up there. What did you obviously say? Who's your least favorite WQM personality? Well, let's vote for. I don't know the big O. Don't take it personal Orlando. I'll let's true. Well, they don't have some other names that could be on here. And you know, they waited until mobile left. See that? Greg Hoaxx waits until mobile left before it puts on this poll. Two hundred and eight one on that. So what do we say? Three, four, and the first one. And two, eighty one five eight. So that's five eighty five QAM votes. The big O 59, the hopper 130. The hopper's got a big number. But eighty K 52 and mad dog will need 40. Okay. Got those? Okay. Now let's go over to your favorite. I'm the ticket seven ninety. They got a list of 45,000. Your favorite personality. I'm going to vote for Joe Rose because he would be the only one on it. That would give the time of day. Okay. What do they got? Who's winning it? Let me explain this thing. I guess he's winning it. Who's winning it? Dan LeBastard. You wanted to know why? I voted for himself. 344 and about probably 50 of those are Dan Le. You talk about an ego. Man, this guy's unbelievable. Brands in 23 votes. The vote 22. Dan LeBastard 95. Although mad dogs that is in more than that. Oh, Jim McDeffy 27. Kevin Rogers has got so lamented. Those. Joe Rose 71. Sid Rosenberg's Dean Cranston. Voster 60, 60, 60, 60, and Stugots 20. Oh, 20. Pretty weak. Okay. Now we want to see who's got the least. I would say Stugots. He belongs on the air like my golden retriever, Western piece. Okay. How many votes we got on that? On the least. 298. Oh, Sid. So they must have obviously had a hit start on this. Now they want to give us a. That's fine. 642 585. On least favor, Brands in 25, 1427. Dan LeBastard 86. Far in a way. Hated in despise. We won the world series. The Cubans won it not that the Marlins. The Cubans won the world series. How do you like that? You're Jack Arstoni Boy. Oh, Jim McDeffy 30. He's got how many? About 30 man. Come on. Don't be picking on Portland, the juice. Kevin Rogers 12. Joe Rose 25. Sidney Rosencranston. Bird 43. Don't play a drag me down. I get all of sense in the end. Start to get in a wacky again. Boops, hobby 13. The booster ends. Stugots 37. Stugots. 37. Apples 37 hosts for the least favorite. In fact, he comes in the second third. Only behind Dan LeBastard. Way on it. So that's what we got so far. He can go to the Harold website. This is where you'll find it. Miami, here over to Hell is it. Well, I tell you that damn thing. There it is. It's right out there in the driveway. Run over it before somebody opens it up and reads it. And you go to where? Well, it's down there. Toward the bottom of the page. The main page there in the Hover says blogs. Greg Coattex, random evidence. And you click that baby on there. And then you could like a vote. South Florida radio wars. Yeah, radio war my ass. Now that the dolphin season is over. Let's see. This exactly. What kind of a big number there is her in there in January. Now that that thing is over. And now that we've eliminated a couple of. Oh, don't don't don't. No. You lame hours on this station. I mean really weak. U.S. Supreme Court Block's Lord Execution aren't you three old? Oh yeah. Florida Death Rowan made current chill. One last minute Supreme Court State who did end about an hour after he was scheduled to be executed for killing a police officer. It wasn't clear if the courts intervention would only briefly blaze execution with Kevin's schedule for six or clock last night. When this is it gathered. Maybe they already fried his ass. I mean, given the needle. But this is one without on this is from last night. Probably get already. Well, we didn't know. You want to be checkered or not? No. No. Not important. And investigating is underway after a date off as a shot of man in the groin. Remember yesterday we talked about the look and leave Harvey Oswald's face when Jack Ruby shot him. I didn't see that coming. Well, I would imagine if you guys shot in the groin. That's exactly the look you'd have on your face. The one from Lee. According to a police news release, officers working with the day police and department robbery. The department robbery. Introduction team in the year of Northwest 12th Street and second avenue. When they went into the state, they believed to be a fire. I'm given by a mail on the street to the driver of an east on Altima. And by the way, since I'm out of town in Toronto, we're talking about the Toronto weather and being out of touch. Isn't that interesting that in the month of November when Wilma was going on? Even though we had greatly reduced numbers on this radio station, we still had a respectable number here in midday on this show. Any other ones were like a measurable numbers as opposed to across the street where they had basically might have been off as well. I just mentioned that. See, produced a shiny object, they believe it was a gun. The pants you kept making several attempts underneath the seat, kept refusing officers request. Said, Joe Giordano, a date police officer. The officer saw him pull something out of the end. The officer fired one shot, striking him in the groin. The pants you described as a Hispanic man in the 50s was taken to ride a trauma-centered stable condition. A Hispanic man in the 50s. By the way, we just had another outage. Yeah. And so don't tell me the audio faults out. Okay, we won't tell you. Of course it is. Oh, geez. Said that black has me more than a hundred times in this great blog here on the Harold. How's it coming? Oh, it's speaking of getting shot in the groin. Here's one for you. Syracuse New York. For some male bats, sexual prize comes with a price smaller brains. A research team led by Syracuse University biologist Scott Pittnik found that in batsby. He's with the females are promiscuous. The males, both in the largest testicles, also had the smallest brains. Conversely, where the females were faithful, the males had smaller testies and larger brains. It turns out size does matter said Pittnik. I wonder if he's related to Lance Pittnik who played very weekly for the Panthers for about five minutes, who is fining his were published in December and proceedings of the Royal Society by the Laws of Science and Online Journal. The study offers evidence said males, at least in some species, make an evolutionary trade-off between intelligence and social prowess, sedated husbands filed this at the Center for Ecology and Conservation at the University of Exit or England. At leading authority on bats, mating behavior. Would that be something that would be like the William and expert on? What do you study? That's mating behavior. Sure, why not? Somebody has an include like a batman and robbing, a little Wayne and his ward. That's invested in enormous amount of intestines and the investment has to come from somewhere. There were no feed lunches at Hoskins who didn't participate in a study. Mostly lunches, you said I guess the other part does it pay? So what's the deal now? What are we doing? We're waiting for things to reboot, reset, reload. See, there you go. What are you doing? I can name this stuff again. Bad programming, man. Very bad programming. They're real unhappy with that across the street. Thank you so much for putting this on the free Holy Spony Polar. I mean, why doesn't he just put on no names from QA? I just have a blank list and then put on a one from across the street. As if, you know? Now there's Greg Co. text to a show over there or something, is he on their staff? Do we know? I'll ask one of the people. Yeah, answer round and find out because you, we got very jackass. As a matter of fact, I would think so because the Harold has this in says to your Relationship, but that whole station, right? Isn't that their Fag station? Yep. Also, there you go. So once again, let's put a funny, see, one thing about our pulls, man. We put any crap on here you want, even though they're very scientific. But when this, Harold, pull, this is supposed to be a major market news paper. Okay, supposed to be like responsible about 50 years ago before all your people took it over. Don't forget, Ella wasn't, yeah, we named it a bastard. Damn, the Bastion, Greg Co. text. That was the same Greg Co. text you said, two bad, the Panthers had done. And you went to the Stanley Cup finals when he were playing the penguins, which they wound up cleaning up the ice with Pittsburgh. A two bad, they're out of gas and they give it a game, good show on there. They're right. Which you know about hockey Greg Co. text, I could shove in here and everyone for the Chinese Army left over a simple. Okay, so let's do the break if the thing is ready or not. Yeah, we're not. We're not. That's bad. Well, the good news is here's a box from Amazon. Oh, you got another package? Yeah, did you send another one? Yes. All right. Well, here it is. Open that baby up. In fact, what's the name of that movie? The second one I say to you, imagine here a hero is I believe. That's what it said on my piece of paper. Is that what it said? Is that what it said? I'm carving it open. Carbid, carbonate baby. Don't, don't, don't, don't carve it into the box. No, I wouldn't do that. Again, so now you got two movies to watch. There it is. Imagine here a hero's. No, you're like it. I don't know. You know, the one scene because you get real. I'll benefit like the mug one for whatever that movie was. The mug one boy. Right. There is a scene there where there's a little, he had little and he'd read it. And it's his, and I got to call the other day about what was that really his step rather His half brother. Well, what difference is that make? See? I mean, I mean, I understand the technical point, but the fact that I'm at a Results who guys aren't going to make babies, I don't think. Yeah, hello, you know, rowding no matter how you slice it. No, I will. You don't really see anything. You can kiss. You can handle a kiss, you know. I can handle it. Yeah. Like for, like I can handle a kiss from Sam on at the Supernatal. Turn away. I can probably handle more than one. I'll alert my eyes. Who best fits this? Someone needs a personality transplant besides grid code text. Al Gore 104 John Kerry 89 Martha Stewart 63. I wonder if he's related to Ron Stewart, who might have killing Terry Sawchuk. Joseph Aki 53, and an Nicole Smith 51 Tiger Woods 43, Bob Greasy 26. Now, get some 23. For out of weather, sunny and beautiful. Ben Stein 18, Kevin Costner 15, Pete Sanford's 14. Be know cooker 11. And of course it's compelling because it really takes a whole long time. So I've Gordon 11. And Ellen did generate nine. Jimmy Siffle is six. Senator Bill Nelson 4 and Bernie Williams 4. It's really compelling when you got a one six year in midday or whatever they got. Anyway, what do you got nothing working? Josh. No, nothing's working. I'll let you know. Do let me know what is when I say something. Well, we got to all arrested that break to do man. One thing we don't want to do on this station is Miss any spots. We're not like these other people, but are big egos voting for themselves and polls and stupid ass stuff like that. We're not about that. But we're about is like getting on a spot so we can charge somebody money. Now, are they like how about the other room? Are they like machinating with the other room or something? Or are they like who doing what where? Another word nobody's doing. Not in his what you're telling me. Well, how is the program direction in the middle of this? Where is our program director? Where's our little boy PD to when you and Hurricane? Where is he? He's here. Huh? There was a note cloud in the sky in the way that this is happening. It doesn't feel like it's an FPL power out. It feels like somebody's tripping circuit breaker somewhere. Somebody's tripping circuit breaker. Yeah, or just tripping. Somebody's tripping out? I'm tripping. When in doubt. Well, I guess I could play the legal idea. How about a short legal idea? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. So let me see if we're getting any results there on that blog on Harold. Let's see if we can impact that and do something I would decrowd. Not the QAM crowd. MiamiHerald.com. I'm getting an EURA just from a thinking about QuarcoTech. He just really gives me spilties. It's so obvious. So pathetic. See, if you're going to do a thing, why don't you have the balls to do it like fairly? Honestly, okay. Leave it to me. I'm leaving all the other people off of there. Okay. Favorite campus now? This time I'll vote for ADK. I'll count around like spread them around. I'll vote for somebody different every time. Because he probably needs to vote anyways, under when everybody's sloughing. Okay. Stanford 26 votes under so far. Well, that's not much. We're not getting much action on that blog, you guys. What feels wrong from you? The big O's got 48, Hank Scott 75, ADK 33, Mad Dog 170. He's got more than everybody else put together or damn damn dang near the Mad Dog. Who ought to be on 2 to 6 at any price? Give a blank check, guys. You're least favorite. Let's vote for, I don't know, Mad Dog. Just because he's doing too well anyway, right? Just a spread it around. Right. Please favorite. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Let's open this baby up. We're going to start really blows. How many of you got 299? So that's really weak. Five. Three. Six out. Or Lando 65, Henry Goldberg 133, ADK 57, and Mad Dog only 44, at least. Now, speaking at least, let's go to there, guys. Which they're obviously loading up on is, which was their idea. Oh, let's give them all that publicity. Remember how well it works for them the last time? Yeah. Put them on that. Throw the gun. Oh, yeah. See, you can vote online all you want. You can load up everybody and you can sit there, tap it away. And at the meantime, that doesn't give you any diaries. It doesn't put any. It doesn't give that dollar a how or any kind of a goose, you know. So maybe a buck to an quarter a how or what do you think? No. And no interest. Okay. 790, the ticket, your favorite. Let's vote for Jeff De Forest, who ain't coming here, by the way. Jeff De Forest, what we got, the Brandsign 20. If they're trying to dump him over to us, before one, we're not interested. Brands in 23, default only 23. Now a small potato. Daniel, a batch of 98, he probably voted half of those himself. Let's see, they got 366 on the plus side. Oh, Jim, it definitely did use 27. That's conical. Kevin Rogers only four. Throw rows 84. We should be way ahead of everybody. Sydney Rosenstein, Berg 10, Booshan, B. 69, and Stugots 28. Well, yeah, like making much movement on there now. How's that equipment coming, Josh? You're least favorite. Let's vote for Stugots again. Oh, yeah. Let's give a shot for Stugots to shout out. How many did they got on least favorite? 321. So we got 635 and they got 680, 780, 7. Well, we're closing again. What's that blog? It does again. Now that I got my computer back. Just mind me, Harold, come in and you go on there. That main page and you go about 2, 3rds of the way down on Greg Co-Tex blog. And where it says whatever. Brands in 25, Jeff de 4th, 29, least favorite Dan La Bastard 97. They hate him like poison. They wish that somebody would poison his Enema. O.J. and a Duffy 31. Kevin Rogers 12, Phil Rose 25, Sydney Rosenstein, Berg, go back to New York 48. That's pretty high for a guy that's on for like about five minutes. Luke Schombie 13 and Stugots 41. 41 and Daddy's still got a lot of money. Just like Joel Feinberg. I guess that's what they got over there a lot of money. Of course now that we're playing, dropping in a few sounds that sound like it might be a fart. And now they're going to be in trouble. Not that we're playing any fart sounds, you know. Of course not. More terrible singers for that poll. Good. Bruce Wallace. Bruce Wallace is a singer. He tried to or did all. Although he was good in that movie. When will he was that he was good? I don't know which one. He's been all right in a couple. Mark Wahlberg. Marky Mark. He's a singer of sorts. He's always started out. He's a way better actor than he is. Marky Mark. He's a very versatile singer. Oh, no. Oh, no. We're talking. We're talking. Pat Boone. I'll come on. I mean, I can't stand Pat Boone. But he has sang some tune. Pat Boone. Parasult and she's got an album out this month. We haven't heard of it. But we know she sucks. Well, and Kelly Osborn. Well, you were thinking about four Kelly. That's a pretty good. Kelly Osborn. Who are you? Kid nonny. Okay. That's what I'm going to write. Which. So we're keeping close track at a red coat tag. Single letter at stack. How many more votes do you think? How many thousand votes do you think? 30. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. If we could put my name on it, then I'd have to balls to do it. Do you see a red coat tag? So you could still change it. Make it a fair pool. And you said, who's your favorite radio person out of any of this station? And you won't do it because you know I clean their clock. Okay. I want to flow up with him. And you know it. The whole bunch of them, Gray and Lovitt are put together. Including that to the Rosencranstein shorts. But what a joke. What a market man. What a market. Even publishes a whole lot of matter. Market in that soft Florida toilet. How many of you are in the red coat tag line? Hello. How are you doing? Okay. Whole clothing does that. His saying his daughter broke does. So that's probably confusion. Really? Yes. Brocogan? Yes. She's like she's going to hear you golden. She's going to drop off the girl. I'm not across the road. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'm talking about broken. I'm a good friend. Don't talk bad about broken. Why she hot? Oh yeah. How old are you by 12? That's six months. You can stop for Hilary Duff too. I understand. Don't let him. Don't let Duff know that Josh got the hot for Duff. Hilary Duff. I definitely don't. She's gross. Yes. Hold a she about five. Something like that. So Hulk Hogan's daughter that is. Brocogan? Yeah. Very hot. Is that babbling? Brocogan? Let's not put her on her. We don't want to take shot if she's hot. I don't think I've ever heard of her. The lucky Mark was kind of hot in his day. He was doing all of underwear commercials. I'm Calvin Clingy. Why they clean? Climb. Why they clean? What are you doing? Hello. Spockery Radio. Hello. Did you take a QAM? Yes sir. Yes. I want the obnoxious Lisa Marie Custley. Lisa Marie. She couldn't see her right about paper sack. But she sure anxious to have Michael Jackson's baby. Thank you, pal. Uh huh. Uh huh. What do you say? Uh huh. Lisa Marie. Pretty freshly. Wow. All the great singers all attend the letter. Nobody's well-binded more CDs. God. These are artists who really want to steal their music for free. If they pay you when listen to it. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. George. Yoke. Are you doing? All right. Just get in the... And uh... Walked there. They're ready to... And the vehicle. You guys are switching poles here and here. You guys are... I think we got all kinds of no. Which one do you like? A couple of names. You're favorite guys for... The one that can't sing. And uh... Slutters to lo... Yeah. And your boy will sniff. And uh... That is fabulous. In my opinion. In my vote. Yeah. In closing. Is there any way you can play again that... All you can eat, Negro? Yes. If we don't get any... Well, it's time to play a play. So he just disappeared. I think you're right. I think there's some hanky banking going on to that. Ha ha ha ha. What is that? That will sniff. Oh, yes. Where does the will? There's a way. Oh, God. Wait. Wait. He hasn't gotten jiggy with it yet. That's how I don't want to hear that part. I don't want to hear that jiggy part. I get... Kind of jiggy when I hear that jiggy. Oh, man. He just... he gives me the creep. And there's something... I don't know why. I don't know what it is. I just... I see him like on TV. Who loves the... It all be. And he just unloysed the crap on me. Because you can just tell. He's got such an attitude. And he thinks his stuff don't stink. And I heard it does. How many bullets does it take? Who did mole to butcher music? Ha ha ha ha ha. What? Now, and you notice an interesting thing. I don't know what this has to do with it. But the lady with a mustache, and it's very sad, because her mama died. She couldn't find out about it until she... on the phone. You know, which is one hell... yeah, mama died. And she just disappeared. And... but they keep showing that. And I mean granted, they can't say, well, here's the lady with a mustache. But they don't... but they don't. Not as well. I know. Don't you find them... I think that's why they keep showing that over again. I thought they have any sympathy for her family. She's also fat. Yeah. Right. Exactly. But I mean, I just don't understand what... You look for that and you say, don't you find something a little... Do you know what I mean? Do you know what I mean? Yeah. I can't tell him the first. Somebody QAM's smallest radio. Hello. Uh... Is it a QA? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Speaking. I'm not saying anything. He said, is this the one I said, yep. And you know... still me? Oh, yeah. Okay. Good call. It's Garrett. WM, hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I wanna talk to Neil about the fall. Speaking. This is Dave. Hey, Dave. How are you doing? I'm Ryan. Uh... I wanna tell him, uh... Paul Torvino from... from Good Bells. Paul Torvino was a singer? He did his Christmas song. Oh my god, that's scary. Yeah. I think he's gonna get hit for doing that. Thanks a lot, Pally. Tell Neil the Paul Torvino water beyond the old Paul. What's he hearing of him? Good. Five, six, seven. It's getting closer to Drake in the next hour. And I mean, I just don't know what you people are thinking about over there. Except maybe lunch. You know what? What's already happening? Yeah. Well, how do you feel about his herd? He'll judge his friends. There was a good movie I turned you on to. And I did you. We're given that to Josh. Did he watch Pin? Did I give that to you Josh? No. I'm not watching another movie. Get out of here. Get out of here. I'm not watching another movie. Because I won't watch City of God. You're in the right heart. That's what that's gonna be your loss. Because you're gonna miss a lot of good movies. Sorry, man. Too bad. Too bad. Not all of the heart asses. Yeah. Which one will break first? Back to him. You would recommend Pin. Wouldn't you? It's not a great movie. But it's enjoyable. It's just fun. I give it an interesting. I give it a while. I pass it. There you go. Awesome. Right. And I think Pram will fear. And what I imagine here is you're like both of those two. And even passing along the Josh or not. He can be a hard ass. And I'll watch you the one of those. I'll think you're already watched the Pram will fear. Did you? I did. Yes. Now that was good. I like it. It was very good. The sleepers are recommended highly. You seem great. I don't understand this because I won't watch City of God. You said. I don't know. I don't know why. Okay. I got you to watch Magnolia. And you didn't like it anyway. What do you mean? I said I did like. Well, so there's not a lot I turned you onto. That was great. Magnolia. Jesus Christ. We're giving you all this entertainment. Most of it for free. I'm spending a money. And given you. Or where did you get Magnolia? Some listed it, brother. Right. He burned you one. And this two. God. And I'm trying to give you a good movie to watch. And here you keep a beggining. You need to go to bed for that razy. Or is it what do you do? What do you just slap me in a face with that city of God, man? It's just that. I burned you a very special. So that's not the worst and ungrateful guy. So let me ask you. We're going to distance spots you. Because we're going to give way. I'm going to give you. I'll tell you what. Maybe we'll just go to like 140 in the rest of the show. It'll be spots. Like Alan Berkius to do. Well, that used to do it on purpose. Not because there was a technical malfunction. This is just keep going until you got tired of it. And then whenever you want to do the break. It's like 15 minutes of spots. Kind of like some other show I can think of. Anyway, it's 12 minutes after what I'm going to do my spots. And if you ain't got no spots to bed. Even Dalmatians got spots. Even a leper's got better spots. You know, we got none. Because we got. And you mean to tell me there's nobody working on it? There's nobody working on it. Who's day? The engineer. Yes. And what about the program director? So you got his finger in this? Fly it around somewhere. You see there? No. He is not there. Sir, I want you to sit again. He is not there. He is not there. Here. If you're in a dead end, John. Down for 6.7. Don't buy me. He's gone. I don't know where my Indian fearless leader listens to our private phone calls. Let's listen in on one of him. I'm trying to tell you some. You got this country headed for a train right with your pop. I don't give a damn. I'm a commander in the chase. I'm a war war war time president. And I'm going to do things my way with their provision. And the revised Patriot act that undermines the Constitution. I've thrown across the Tucson in my face. It's just a. I'm the Pistural Bater. I'm tired here. See, just appointed me. Not you. Just trying to give you some. Excuse me. Meadows is ready. Meadows. Did you say middle? Yes. Vittals. Son. May I remind you you from Connecticut. How are some as a tender brittle season? Twenty two after one a QME and another thing about this. Vogue's Harold Greg Co. text full. Like I said, they got nine people listed for across the street and four of us. So do the math. You don't want to say. Oh man. You're going to make me do math. Yeah. Do the math. Did you take a look at it? Yeah. It's a crock. Yeah. It's a crock. Crap. In fact, at least the one thing we say about the Harold. They may not be good, but they're consistent. In fact, I don't even know why he put his name on. Why do you just put Daniel a bachelor's name on it? That would have been a little more accurate. Hey, Danny Boy, you're still stuck. And by the way, let me sit again. 6.8 to 1.6. Does that sound like competition? No. Can have a scaven like my fat ass. It'll be like more of a difficult situation in them. Well, I don't want to put that. You know, Rogers on it because we don't want to try to make this look a competitive. Just wait till the end of whatever that month is. You know what I'm saying? Wait a second. I'm saying when they drop that December, when the winter book comes out, they're going to be a tourist over there. Especially now, we got through this big panther number. Oh, man. You just wait. Wait, see nothing yet. 5.6. We're going to be doing another great pretty soon. I would imagine. I'm going to be doing a great pretty soon. But in the meantime, here's the Marine Dowd. The Luzen and the Luzen worthy of Dickens. Don't you love when I read Marine Dowd's accounts? Especially with the Dickens. It's not about cider. The Democrats will never win the White House as long as they're stuck in bleak house. They're slipping and sliding in the same crust upon crust of mud and kaboose creeping fog and soft-black drizzle and flakes of soup. That black in the chamber of law, in the opening of the terrific Dickens now, will allow irresistible TVA series. The lumbering pace of Jared Nice versus Jared Nice will pay out compared with his that high say that? No idea. Will pay out compared with the time it will take the coward and collaki Democrats to the bank back power from Republicans, scale that and abusing it. The party simply seems incapable of getting the muscular message and riveting messenger needed to spell the mud fog, drizzle and soot emanating from crowd roves, rag and bone shop on Pennsylvania Avenue. As the White House drabs its truckload of lies around the country, it becomes ever clearer that Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid, Hillary Clinton, John Kerry, and Al Gore are not just not to write people to respond to the administration's national security scareathon. We got married and Iraq in the first place partly because Dick Cheney and Rummy thought that possibly at Nam and Post Clinton, America was seen as soft. One shop in Austin, one permanent stop on the reckoned in the Error World with no longer Sea Americans as Wimps. That reasoning turned out to be dangerous flying in the face of warnings from our own intelligence experts. But Carl Rovis still, Dishon out to the same line and it's still working. Those who want to reevaluate the strategy in Iraq are soft. Those who want to wait in the Patriotic are soft. Those who question the leader got through the presidential absoluteism are soft. Those who want to break the law on Snoop on Americans are soft. That's as soft, but practically collaborating with the terrorists. Republicans have a post 9-11 worldview on national security, Mr. Roves said last week, and many Democrats have a pre 9-11 worldview. That doesn't make them unpaid, we ought to not at all, but it does make them wrong, deeply and profoundly and consistently wrong, he be saying. But you only need to check the paper, David, to see this administration has been deeply and profoundly and consistently wrong and everything. From the promise to rebuild Iraq and the consequences of deploying a strained army dislong and an insurgent war to defated a responsibility after Massacre Katrina after assembling about pre-storm alarms. The Bumbling Bush team that ignored the warning been allowed in the Terminator with Heck inside the U.S., also ignored one that went something like Katrina determined to attack New Orleans. And now the White House is trying to inhibit congressional questions on Katrina just as it did for 9-11 inquiries. The administration's PR offensive on warlessness and questionively effective snooping is so aggressive that it's even a risk exposing the present to an occasional unscriptive, but still a tough question. So it rambles on about steering clear a broke back mountain and the Ethereum-UVADU of mountain biking, and it calls Varie Discocted Terrier the Sun I Never Had. Varie's dad is all bark and no bite. The White House is a skimmy shabuck built in the insurgent is about building and cooling cowboys, and Mitson has pictures of the present with Jack Aberloff that it won't cough him up. While he was out defending his scofflaw behavior, W.H. had would rest effect that the real nuclear threat Iran, as opposed to the fake nuclear threat Iraq, is embarrassing him. He told the Iranian people, we have no beef with you. Stay compartment report is puzzled over how that might be translated into Farcee. We have no cow with you. You couldn't turn on a TV this week without saying torture guy Alberto Gonzalez giving all purpose legal covered the dictanies that grim paper ravages the Constitution. At a Georgetown University speeds W.H. legal a licks fiddle ignored a few student protestors, and he might have learned something from their banner and plays in the words of Benjamin Franklin, those who would sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither neither. In their usual, twisted way, the bushes that we do seem to abuse our blood to a test of testosterone, knowing the Democrats will pay duty to their punch. The Vams needed to drum up a decent message so they look as if they know what the Dickens they're doing before the November election. Otherwise they look like bald, bald, septicins holding out gruel cuffs to Carl Roe van Cleaning, please sir I want some more. Some more. More green down as usual, brilliant, not a great reading. Very good. I beg of pardon, it was not there. That was great. I don't give a Dickens. 27 past one. I can't believe my job's gone. I know come here. Uh, girlfriend, your breath is rank. I'm sorry. No, no, it's okay. Luckily, I brought along the first ever Brett Fressner for people grieving the loss of a loved one. Really? Yeah. They're called the Reefment. The Reefment? Yeah, this powerful breath and air freshener eliminates bad breath and the stench of death at the same time. Here, try one. Mmm, refreshing. The Reefment. The Brett Fressner for people mourning the loss of a loved one. Thanks for Reefment. Located at your grocery store or funeral parlor next to the lip and balm. 132 or 562, if you answer almost they even see one on the voice now with that other request to street. The ticket that the Clarences have searched with the feet ever shrunk to work. And Mad Dog is kicking Daniel Baxter's ass. For example, who's your favorite 1808 from Mad Dog your least favorite, uh, then he'll have answered one 18. How do you like that? By your wife and miles. Mad Dog is a zinimals and everybody on who's your favorite. And then LeBestered way down a road. They hate him like poison. Which he would die a wicked dead. That was he to look with the debooster. Or you wait in here in the stories that Josh has told me the other day about those two. 560, we can't do it on the air. 560, I mean Verizon, sing it a rinal slime. Okay, let's get back to whichever pool this is. We got two going at the same time because I'm building the one for tomorrow. And that's probably a bad mistake. No, no, no. Well, no, we need to get all those eight million names on here for people who couldn't. Sing it right out of a paper sack. Uh, I said you can't sing it all, city from Svelte. Who best fits this sign? We're getting tarled at old song by the way. Hermongurring. Someone who needs a personality transplant. We got 63 on air. Algor 119. John Kerry 108. Now look at two good for our democrats. Is it no. In fact, that's what Marine just wrote. And then she. Right. Martha Stewart 68. Joseph Gackie 66. Same person. And in the call Smith 59 Tiger Woods 45. God is he terminal. Mel Gibson 27 Bob Reecy 27. He is as as expressions as a paper bag. Ben Stein 24. You want Ben Stein's money? Clear on. Rather that you had it. Just put it up between you guys and send me a couple of bucks. Pete Samperston 19 to claim you one. Kevin Costner 17. Bino cook 14. What a hit the old Bino. In fact, you know, if you don't take the Bino, you know what happened. Don't say, though, I don't. Well, I don't know where I'm going to find him. See, I got to put those. Well, I'll see. We'll see exactly where we stand. Well, this if we come back tomorrow. Now. Well, I got that wink. Nudge. Nudge. Not. And I mean, maybe I was interpreting it wrong. But I don't think so. And of course, since we don't have a program director. You see, you people over there on a West Coast with all your efficiency experts. They sent a guy over last year who worked in for CBS once upon a time. And he's the one that came into said, well, you got all these extra people. You don't need rain, Perry. And you don't need duffling Z. Yeah, right. So now we got nobody. We got nobody. And in the meantime, all we was going to say, oh, that. In the meantime, we got to pour Joe Bell, I knew GM. We was trying to figure out who's on first and what kind of a mess he's been left with there. And so he's plenty busy, especially with that sales department. And as a result, you know, we got all the stuff going on. And we ain't nobody to deal with it. Remember the old days when if we go off to here for like five seconds, like we did twice already today, who would be in there like in a heartbeat between. I'm talking about it. This radio station. Oh, it this radio station. Right, duff. Right. Why are you so reluctant to say that? I mean, sometimes being an nervous nearly is not a bad thing. Sometimes you want to run a nervous nearly. They're like, oh, gee, it's a lawsuit. Greg, it's a whatever. You know, whenever you squeal on about that day so that you wouldn't feel alone. You are not alone, God. There you go, say, you know, somebody might be on top of it. So to speak was over there, you know, yanking with the engineers. But now it's like the first time when it was like happened by our Smosis. And then only the second time they finally come around and dittled with stuff. So we could play all those important spots. God, that's just, it's just amazing to me. I guess they figure out like an auto pilot. What was I saying on Friday? Long before all of this stuff happened with a paycheck with the technical going off here. What was I saying? I don't know. I forgot. We need a full-time program director. Not somebody who comes in once in a while and pushes some papers around the rights of a schedule. It wants to be a UM sports nigger. If you want to be, listen, WVUM is hiring. Okay. VUM is hiring. You follow what I'm saying? What do you say? And I guarantee you by the way that they probably paid me five minutes in a year. I'll have to go across the street even though they don't really need a lie about it. Because I would put their ass on a map. They realized that midday they might as well sign off. They know that. Why do you think he's not putting me on that pool? Obviously. So obviously it's embarrassing. People are laughing at you, Greg, co-tex, and saying, oh well, we know you won't put me a Roger John here. We even know it says, favorite radio personality. Under the guys that, well, he does do a sports show. Guess what? I'll do a sports show and still kick their ass. How do you like that? Mr. Hot Shot? Mr. Panthers ain't going to beat the pen. Mr. Schmucko? Good. Golly Miss Molly. What a bunch of losers, man. Market is just loaded with losers. But Charles Voli called us today. Put out needs get, Greg, co-tex with you. Oh, Chuck Voli on your side. Okay. And probably that, uh, Watsoname. Uh, still feez the way. Hmm. Well, we don't want her on our side. Do you have her on your side? Sorry. She's on the dark side. A peace activist. Oh, really? But she don't have no mustache. Have you looked at her lately? No. That's why I'm in a pretty good mood today. In fact, maybe my check-off show up today. The other one that's supposed to be there. Maybe they're in the, both be there. Like, like, you're becing that supposed to be there today, you know? We'll find out about a half an hour. If, in fact, if not, I might just come in and interrupt Curtis right in middle of a show and search is screaming and carrying on a making horrible sounds. A peace out. And you folks out there even though it's meaningless and it like the whole thing is stacked against us. You get on there and vote for whoever you like on the QAM. 8 million times on a hurl pool. Rebooted, refresh it. But for all they long just sit there and keep tapping on it. Just to piss them off. What do we really care? Because that ain't the polar counts. Now, I wouldn't want to make sense if you really want to do it right. Just make a list of who's out of what time. Here's two columns. Here's, here's, here's the QAM list. And here's the, whatever they're waxing list. And then who's your least favorite, the same thing, two columns. And then all of us would be on where we're on. But no. Why are you disqualified because you're not doing a sports show? Maybe that's a statement. The word, because a red coat text is a sports nerd. And it's been, no, it's a coat text comes from the same mold as yours. Part-time program director. That's all he knows about is, although you know he's less than right now. And by the way, you're still a loser, Greg. You're still the same idiot that you always were. You ever read anything worth reading in ages. At least red grim ones that are why I read some good or Mike Mayoke twice a year. Carl Heisson was not read about alligators and mugwums. A red coat text. One's the last time he wrote anything of note. They didn't by my remember, huh? I, in fact, as matter of fact, even it's rather weather forecast is more interesting and more compelling than Greg Co. Tick's his column. How do you like that? No strings attached. Now what's that bit about? Oh, that's right. The dolphin thing. We'll only have one string. What does he say in that bit? They're only good for one period. They had no rights. They had no second string. That's cute, but that's before they won six in a row. So we stopped playing that. I think we have to start playing that again. Next year. A piece activist was sentenced yesterday to six months in prison for splattering his own blood to the military recruiting station to protest and then looming war in Iraq. Daniel Burns was the first to foractivist to be sentenced to speak for splattering their blood on the windows walls, pictures, and American flag at the Army Marine Corps recruiting station. March 17, 2003. They splattered their blood around. Mother, if it's good enough for the Catholic church, it's good enough for him. The body of Christ, the body of Christ. And when you stop and think about that, that is so sick. Mac and on their boy. Mac and on Jesus. Now I don't have time to play that today, sorry. And Mr. Witch, girls got that TV show. Are you sure? You want to be promoting that. The so-called Saint Patrick's former convicted for damaging government property and ring a military recruiting station for unlawful purposes. He watched history church Thomas Maccabor said he wasn't punishing Burns for protesting, but for how he protested and what he did. You bloody idiot. The court doesn't question him, Odevacny said, I know you didn't go there with evil purpose in mind. You went in good conscience, but what you did clearly violate the law. Burns 45 was fine 250 bucks for contempt, ordered to share payment of 958 in a restitution for cleaning up the damage of the recruiting station near Ithaca, New York, how do you like that? And he's serving in Binghamton. Oh man, all these great places. El Miro, Pel Miro, Corning, Cornell, or anything. What? For Donia? For Donia? Chiquilaga? Tonalanda? Lacalama? Lacatallet? Oh, that's what they suffer from. Medes are one of the other side. Lacatallet? Lacalamers? Lacal listeners? Lacal brains? But that's the thing. Rosenberg, he sure turned out to be very popular. He's got like 8 million ahead of him like poison. I wish he'd go back to New York and pee on the desk on the dime, I'm a show. 141 at 5. 60 W. 2A and 8. You can't a lot of it. All right. The violators are sports, old baby, old baby, old baby, old baby, old baby. Yeah, all right. Let's be friends with him. Will he advance? Our hearts raise nozzles? That's a looted. Will he know all the wishes of all your darts? Huh? Will he come down? Will he sit a sun-spying? Yes. I'm really thankful for his name. One day. Very good. I'm the one who see over time the potion of jazins. You're fair. Will he not? I've those good search teams. Lacalamers, come this way. Get back. Hold on. We'll be making a drop in jazins. For life. I'll just start a bad luck. Should we like a little baby? No. Let the rules take you to jail. Oh. Wish we would stand by him forever. Oh. Let's win. Give him to him. My rest will win. Yeah. If you can't get hurt. We'll win. I'm a tough take. My reign to win. You're fair. Now don't anybody suggest that we gave it at full because if you think he gets in, we'll just suck him up to George. You can't say. You don't like it. Have you heard him? He can't say. See what I'm saying? That's exactly what I knew. You said he's good. George said in weekdays cute. No. He's not in the jazins. Just because you think he's cute. He didn't judge us in that in weekdays was cute. He likes his mole. Oh, we got more gold. It wasn't Greg always going up and down. I'll look for the mole. Maybe he was looking for a weekdays. So it's house to him. You see that? What have I told you all these years? The one constant is that you can put all these pieces. Nothing is like isolated. All the pieces of the universe fit together into one big hole. That's what the W. W. And see that's what we got. W. See that? There's another example. Didn't Greg sell his house and they counted there in weekdays. I don't remember. Get out of here. Get out of there. Get out of there. You just pissed off because you didn't get a Christmas card from a weekday like I did. You want to have another stick on it? I think he was wearing it. I think he was wearing it. I think you're a part of it. Yeah, since he's so cute now. Yeah. For you are hostile today. What is that all about? I'm not hostile. You want to be, you want to feel like delivery. What's wrong with you? I feel great. Yeah. That's right. And still, in weekdays. I can't say. Well, I was put a monitor. Okay. In weekdays, I'll put a monitor. I got to make an up to list. I'll put it on me. Can it be anywhere near the top of that list? What? Well, there you go. You got some, got some challengers there. He's got some specific competencies. Oh, I'll go quick about that. Speaking of specific competencies, I just looked at that then. Coach takes that hero thing where to got the blogs going there and like vote 400 times. And we're almost even Stephen on the total number of votes. And of course, that doesn't really mean all that much because it's mixed and matching. In other words, is crossover this sloth over between the two stations. But the least popular is by far and away Danny LeBastard. I mean, they hate him like poison. But like between mad dog and LeBastard. Your favorite. Hundred ninety two for mad dog, 110 for LeBastard. They had number one ahead start and LeBastard got about 60 or 70 of those votes himself. And we got, well, that's not my just making that up because last time when Sarnied did that on the Suncill. We got that information right from the horses butt over there right from the inside. Our, our mole on the inside. And it wasn't in weekday. They're mole, mole. Yeah, we got moles inside that building. And for Robert Creepers, probably feeding them information too. And Omarina turned Cody as he's still there. Is he still here? Yeah, he's in charge. Robert Creepers running the station today. All right, that's why we're all going to vote Republican. They're right. No election today, but gosh dang, we're going to make one up. Put that big right wing of vote in the ballot box. Now, vote in and confuse because up here like red is liberal and blue is conservative. Okay. So let's all vote for the red state. Like I said, I mean, let's all vote for the blue. Whatever. You're not confused. 560, 050, 5060, pound five 60. I'm going out. Give me a watch. And if I get a phone call in the next 10 minutes and I find out that I checked in show up today. You have a good time tomorrow on Friday. All right. And then, of course, you can say, oh, well, he got suspended for playing those sound files. Say you're in rehab. What far we have? That's right. Well, no, I think it's long overdue. And now, are you serious? Are you just Josh and me? That our program director is a little plan. The board does not fear today. Yeah, we've been Joshing you today. Yeah. So, I mean, does that right? Do I rest my case on that or what? You know? I mean, there are things that happen. Crap happens every single day. And maybe a WVU in that might be okay. Oh, well, well, are you not here today? Went out to do a ballgame. But we'll try to put the thing back on the air. Well, we'll call somebody up. Right. Very sad. What's going on? But, you know, I'm going to continue having 20, 30 hours of discussions with Joe Bell or Veda. That's why I told a Humphrey to do this morning. You know, save his fan asked. Couples fired on the president of FIU, the FBI said. Carlos M and Elsa Alvarez fired on FIU president Modesto Mitch Madeek. Giving details in at least one report for their Cuban intelligence Amblers about a White House invitation that Madeek can receive. Why could I? According to a government, after David obtained by the Anxious Mimey Herald, let's put him on the poll too. How many votes has he got? Mage Madeek. FI Agents, Section Q, the search warrant of FIU, January 12, they seized the Alvarez's computers to then respect it orifice. That search was a follow-up to the FBI's discovery in the Alvarez home computers, which were linked to those that their orifice according to FBI and the David. You know that, after David? What? Which one? The set like an Afro-Disiac, Afro-David? The document offers a first glimpse of the information the FBI believes the Alvarez is charged with failing the register as foreign agents provided a Cuban intelligence agent over the last three decades. How do you like that? All of them people spy in for Fidel. So gay. They're gay? Gay. Madeek. Christina Mendoza, if I used general counsel, said, you're fairy. I said, the University of Official Sealawke, the couple's campus offices, and the University of Police of St. Guard around the clock. And they're playing Bill Haley in the background, rock around the clock. Mendoza said the FBI agents at the university's bequette, scheduled their search for the agent in the 12th, so they would not disrupt the campus during the day. All those students that are working feverishly over a hard text book, right? They're working over feverishly all right. How is our pool coming with Bob Greesian, and I wish Polizad. I can't tell. What's going on? There's an interesting and important data point. We talked about retention. The forces are being retained at historically high rates, but specifically the lower level soldiers, the soldiers with one. It might have been a full-bladed waste there, time when it's dark and pony-shell. Oh, by the way, because no matter what kind of crappy spews them, oh, thank you Mr. Secretary, and then of course with him. It's always yuck yuck yuck. You know, everything's like fun. All those people are dying over there. Yuck yuck yuck. I say you father's mustache. You're in this case, maybe your mama's mustache. That's all the stuff. They seem real rotten. I just... Oh, that's obvious some more prisoners. They seem pretty nice and loud. Oh, don't forget me some words and a fathom. I don't care if they saw my reactions. Use you to the torture, cause they're just playing their game. Oh, in the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's saved. It was like a horror. It's not everybody's seen. It's the way God wants it to be. Once they can see and cover it in flames. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. And I don't care what people are saved. They can see Jackson's dead. We have black people. It's common to know. Show the God his man. They compare the hopeless to low-early want the father. God, we make it clear. Yes, we make it clear. We make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. They make it clear. It's terrible as to come together. This time, we'll have to rebuild a new world. The one that should be uptown, all the way, ever may own. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new world. He never takes the blame for anything he says. Chocolate. Captain, we're the best. Catch our prince. Of God the anger. Of one's all there is. We make it clear. We make it clear. We make it clear. Re making things they want to make new carnival. We make it clear. You can't have moral laws on the way. We make it clear. My name is.. I'm from HawaiiI hem? This is through descon&her Interior