Who's coming up with the caller that well the call over the chronic to have a big problem with that We'll get about 10 votes on that put it on there, please WQAM chronic line hello Yes, sir, you for 30 years of entertaining us God turn man and I happen to know for a fact that God only fart to the shower Really when I fart in the shower. Let me see this. You think God uses soap or body wash I Use a body wash, but I could tell you every time my partner shower my girlfriend says Jesus Yeah, so right must be the Lord must be a passing bed gas Cut in the cheese. Well, you know that diet that we didn't back in the day because he you know That would last supper was a Passover sater and all that wine was doing Managed shavits see a lot of pin and Bible says it was mug and David, but I have it on very good authority a higher authority That was a managed shavits Just like Hebrew national a higher authority They're supposed to sponsor the show. Sure. I was looking at the local saying they gave us some real little tear your guts out That's tough Hebrew national eat the kosher hot dogs man. It's really good. It's kosher for Sohs Torah all the fairy tales all the time. It's halal Baby it's halal see that's a new one on me. I learned that and I know I noticed even on the Indian restaurants now can you explain that to me? Because the Indians aren't Muslims no, they're sick and And if you were to all the way you'd be sick. Oh, there was a nice Indian kid their last night It would burn a nice looking young guy. Well I mean he had he smelled like he was you know how like Warren chromarty the crows smells like he's taking a bath in cashmere Okay, this kid smell like he was rolling around and creep out her for about right? He was rolling in a hay with kid curry for a month Oh geez. Well, let's add all about You know that always for you are what you eat. I think Charles Wilson into that You are what you eat. I'm gonna that in peanuts. No But it's true and that's why a lot of these people been asking that people were very one dimensional diet. They smell like that Oh, but the way I'm told we're we're back up on the string. Oh, I see the green light on there green light nice going Engineering department you idiots you hey, you know, I don't care who you are You fare exactly there. It's such a bunch of lungheads man and even Joe Bell knows that My children about what a great engineer. We got here that you know it takes care of stuff when it needs to be taken care of And I'm not doing it and he said oh maybe we can get him down here or something like that Another one was yuck you'll find some joy. Oh, you know, yuck. I like that although Pena is Friday and I understand that's been taken care of That's what Robert told me Only the new deal is now when I get my check with Robert involvement of like 10% is taken out because he's the orthodox Actually he's not orthodox. He's just a low-aggressing self-hating Jew 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM where we got a whole new attitude baby in fact we can get that top of no Part spot on a black was Steve Wolf and Cindy some copy. I'll do it to hell with the modern Nazi to hell with Troy I'll just do the spot You know what I'm saying? Not a way fat boy you're doing a hell of a job Just like brownie brown man. You're on the case. You are a case Holy Macaron. This is your boy on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God You're fairly 1033 tunnel what we got on the schedule today. We got guilty at the anti-center So must be a home game like I said that the crampittals against the panthers at the anti-center I'm let's kill these going to be doing the game off a TV monitor, which is pretty bushly Mad dog at four and then we got panther people at six degrees so mad dog has enough another tough assignment two and a half hours show Oh brother In fact, guess what man dog ain't even on tomorrow? We got the Curtis and Hooters and Derral the Marl and then wow, this is just a mess Who's what it is and then the panthers in the crampittals at seven o'clock tonight biggest game of the season I guess they all are right now. It's still making this in probably play off run any interest And then the hands give me a start of events about the heat. I don't care about the heat. You care about the heat I'm sorry you tell you Josh you care about the heat. Oh, you know not much little bit a little bit not a lot What about the hurricanes and Michigan on an IT game on the AM 1360 on the cat with the Clarence's thatler and Jedis and the Joseph Gackie who sucks about that any can't throw all of the on the hockey action on QA On QA and the station takes the joy of living O'Reilly and editor as far over sex offender Casey I told you had a bit of a rally story He's just a real able. Yes, he is Managers of the beaten daily news have received more than 900 emails from fans of Fox News talk show Ho and liar Bill O'Reilly after Riley's website and TV programs slammed the paper for an editorial That he says makes it the most friendly news paper in child rapist in America The Dayton daily news editor, which ran Sunday caution against those who have called for removing judge John Connor Referring from County County Police Court without a formal complaint or investigation after counter-deaf probation and house arrest instead A prison man convicted of repeatedly raping two boys The defendant Andrew Silva had been charged with 20 counts of rape But prosecute his made mistakes and listening to boys names on the indictment and tried unsuccessfully to change the errors Top Republican leaders in Ohio began pressing for their removal of Connor after a widely called for his impeachment on his talk show Jeff Bruce I wonder if he's kind of Gary Bruce editor of the Dayton daily news defended the papers editor of yesterday And took a widely intense for inflammatory journalism as usual We never defended judge Connor's decision to sentence a channel yesterday to a year of house arrest and five years probation Bruce said in a prepared statement what we said is that if the judge deserves to be removed from orifice Then do process should be followed the same sort of due process Then fill a widely repunited real out upon when he was sued for sexual harassment and ultimately settled out of court Just in case you've been sleeping or widely was sued in 2004 by a sworn producer for Sexual harassment and phone calls and stuff like that when the suit was said a lot of court for an underscored sum A widely called the loss of the media lashing he took for for an abruder or deal and thanked his listeners for having given him the benefit of that one Some of them he did not Motorized widely won't give Connor the same benefit of doubt in America We have assisted with chest and balances that include the independence of the judiciary Bruce said there are rules in place We will bad judges are editorial simply said we should follow those rules not allow ourselves to rush to judgment because of a television commentators of Fennians amen Or widely through a producer said personal attacks launched on me just qualified the Dayton daily news from any series debate We believe that believe the Jeff Bruce is not the honest individual But how we like great weed call somebody a liar a perverer cater What newspaper in the US of America's most friendly to child rapers could be the Dayton daily news which is reported judge John Connor sentence The probation for man who left a five-year-old boy in a 12-year-old boy over three-year period not only that But the Dayton daily news attacking governor of Ohio the Attorney General of Ohio and Bill O'Rally for reporting the story and actually asking for their move of judge Connor The vicious personal attacks launched by the Dayton daily news were strange when contrasted in the lack of condemnation for the judge So one can conclude therefore that the Dayton daily news is a newspaper that has sympathy for child rapists and the judges will not Accuracy rate them. That's a little personal attack. They say only two things happen when you wrestle a pig You get muddy and a pig enjoys it so it's tempting to just let this pass But really what a Riley has said on his website is so outrageous and such a distortion that I can't since you have Bruce Here he's a buddy No crime is more heinous More heinous than child molestation So it's understandable that people would be inflamed by the notion that a pederist evaded the punishment he's do But when is there a Riley asked the question on his website what newspaper in the US is most friendly to child rapers He's egging on his readers without giving them all the facts as usual as readers of the daily news know this newspaper is not soft on child molesters Just the opposite here's what's really happening all the truth Most of our bodies have said with the newspaper because an editorial may refer to his own recent legal history and which he was accused of sexual harassment His producer threatened that unless we published an apology They would resort to their bully pulpit and that's what they've done. This isn't about being soft on child molesters It's about Bill O'Rally getting even We never defended judge or counters decision to sentence a trauma lawsuit a year of house arrest and five years probation What we said is that the judge deserves to be from remove from office Then do process should be followed with the same sort of process that a Riley relied upon when he was sued They had a trial also noted that the prosecutor in the case while this supported with the judge's sentence was afraid his evidence was so weak That he might have lost the case entirely for when to trial. He's agreed to settle a case In America we have a system of checks and balances that includes the independence of the judiciary There are rules in place to remove bad judges I read a twirl simply said we should follow those rules Now below ourselves to write to judgment because of a television commentators opinions That's not an endorsement of judge Connor or his decision the fact that a trauma-luster gun Also likely is disgusting if I would fall to edit row for anything It's that we could have said that and said it more firmly But that's not why O'Rally asked his readers to write the newspaper his producer in the conversation with me acknowledged the logic of our editorial's argument, but they felt dragging O'Rally's own legal problems in the article was gratuitous While I expected O'Rally to take a shot of us I was shocked that he was ingested at this newspaper has simply for child rapists It's a deliberate distortion what we said and what we stand for and nothing could be further from the truth So you know on the same page that we published our editorial We also printed a package of opposing views including most more Riley himself We made every effort to be fair and balanced in our presentation of this issue It's a pity that that sense of fairness was not reciprocated by the unfair and unbalanced fox news of lunatic I like that Same old crash just like an encoder that gets under and shoots off a big mouth and anytime she's under with anybody It's got an IQ larger than the thumbnail They are shooting down right away because she's always giving wrong facts miss information That's what I'll be here nickname miss information. What's that? I have that It's a guy Yeah, hey, I don't care who you are You're sure you're seeing the misplugger doing something, yeah Maybe they're checking the right good. It's a good package Care package that's right. I don't care now. How's that pull coming today? Let's see what pisses us off the audience about what I say not too much damn Which of the meals comments piss you off the most none of his comments 488? 84% well good We like people and that's what we want we want to do heads like rush you know and a Riley People that disagree with everything. No, seriously Did oh did or what they're all that crap? His comments about politics 23 his comments about religion 19 you idiots his comments about guns 19 how about guns in religion? Oh, he's been a good mix I want to believe what I believe Oh, comments about blacks 17 what comments about blacks is coming to about or so I choose seven you mean getchies But also you old big hats and the Toulices and the uh, titses and that that stuff. Okay. We can't say titses. That anymore You think you guys even knows what sips is are even you know what it is. That's right. I know all the gear I'm gonna get me an outfit You already had one and then you're died from it. It's comments about tubans six His comments about red next to and his comments about the colors one well guess what This is real Roger As the college know Those In the basket Oh You know, I got to agree with you know, I hate to do it because it's boring all right, but the thing about fat people you're right Well, growing herself and that's is right. I don't know say nothing will help. It's just that you know Long time that's right and you know how hate brushes me up every time I bring you to even about that Genial pasta which I'm sure that a fat slab like him and the Both of pasta but just any anything that has to do with like health or blood sugar or stopping a big fat With a death wig and not interested in really to get a brush off or an iPhone Right, well you're gonna yeah Well, I give up give it to you You go I'm doing fine. What 87 that's the lowest I've weighed in years I mean I'm like my real digital scale that you can't like lean one side of the other You can't do fix the well you know what I'm talking about it's called the dance of the now Yeah, the dance the one foot dance The girl quick hop on the scale if I hold the towel rack right that's it Although I do take off my wristwatch when I get about says, it's a you know Citizens pretty heavy. I sure you go to the bathroom first. Oh You kidding me do all your blu-ass right hop on the scale. Well, that's the way to do it that's the way to get your true way. Let the air out of your legs Yeah The Pentagon said yesterday is investigating two incidents in which you have troops allegedly killed more than two dozen Iraqi civilians The claims raised by families of it comes in local Iraqi police threatened to worsen relations with the Reckes of said by the earlier abuse cases a criminal investigation had began March 9 all It's a rubber creeper investigation March. Yeah, it's when it started Focus is on allocations by wrecking civilians which were reported by Tom magazine and Marines killed 15 civilians in Hadita in November after a roadside bomb kill the member of their unit The Pentagon also stated this started this week. Look at claims by local Iraqi police that US forces killed 11 civilians If only five children in the area six months old during a raid last week in a house in a shocky about 60 miles north of Baghdad is Shucky the claims are first reported by night-witted newspapers all the troops involved remain on activity So Lieutenant Colonel Barry's Johnson In the alleges and Hanita about 140 miles north west of Baghdad the Marines came under fire after the bombing and tracked Insurgeny for hours to residential there is amongst and amongst civilians said he was military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Michelle Martin a hanging Times that obtained a video tape at the aftermath of the incident Iraqi human rights group has provided copies of the video which was bodies and blood stains to meet your organizations Affleeting rotors the video which is not been authenticated by the Pentagon doesn't tell the whole story Martin Heings so whatever that man that any rate. Oh, you can be sure it's true And your buddy Doug Thompson capital hill blue rhymes with true right he's the man He says bush can't stop lying How do you like that for anybody Downing the ways between George W. Bush and Greg read although I'll be asking a great start to look better with each passing day Oh, please bring him back please And the scouran let's get Greg and scouran back again get him back together again as one Wouldn't be the first time Americans who tuned in for one of president George W. Bush's rare press conference It saw a court animal trying to squirm his way and that what puppy says in that bit with regius would be the first time And on that's what What's his name says what's it? ODB but oh yeah, old dirty van 30 we probably would be the first time word Yeah, but third man that's how many times he'd been in trouble Americans who tuned in for one of George W. Bush's rare press conferences saw a court animal trying to scourmon's way out of trouble by doing what he's always done evading the truth Bush's attempt to showcase himself as a leader who could handle tough questions from the press score Fell justice flat as his unscripted town meeting style of person Cleveland the day before His eyes darted from side to side as he fielded questions about his real reasons for invading Iraq He stammered, stalled, used the word ah more times than a suspect caught red handed He still claim his means for invading Iraq word just Even though those reasons have been proven wrong It claims the work can be one of you not sure by many of his generals he claimed a lot of things few of them true President Bush exhibited symptoms of pathological perverification perverification said Dr. 70 crossfield A psychologist who treats people who have trouble telling the truth and it washes Bush's performances on Monday and two of the Am I request said Doug Thompson is I'm movement stressors been changes in voice tone All display traits of consistent evasion of the truth not to mention that annoying nervous laugh This is the first time I've asked Dr. Crossfield a study of politicians She watched several former president Clinton's press conferences and came to simmer conclusions about Tent's dissociation with reality when stunning a subject you watch is the eyes I'm movement is difficult to control she said you find that the eyes dart away in specific patterns What a person's not telling the truth the president's eyes dart a great deal. He's not comfortable facing the truth Dr. Justin Frank. I wonder he's kind of Dr. Neil Frank Offer of the book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president agrees with Dr. Crossfield President Bush marches deeper and deeper into a world of his own says Dr. Frank sent for the Bush's world is an iron will Which demands that external reality be changed to conform with his personal view how things are Republicans we'd like to be reluctantly admit Bush's laws touch with the truth Senator Chuck Hagle says the president is disconnected from reality Venture out beyond the beltway and you find conservative Republicans shaking their heads and wondering the same thing Dennis Dalby cuts the hair of camp headalt and Jim Marines giving them the regulation haircut before they had to combat in Iraq His barber shop in the coast highway near the basin California is covered with painted yellow ribbons flags and we support our troops But Dalby Republican and self-described conservative who voted for Bush says he's fed up with the president's lies Enough is enough he says it's time to bring the boys home and St. Markos return Amy veteran her brain quiz 77 sits in local VW Hall and says Bush is a failure I voted for him two times in which I hadn't ran Quist said it's probably one of the worst mistakes I ever made Dr. Crossfield says it doesn't take a degree in psychology advanced training and spotting liars to realize the president placed fast and loose with the truth More and more ordinary Americans see the evidence clearly every day she says it's difficult to ignore Dr. Francis Bush can't change his ways taking responsibilities always been hard for W He says taking responsibility for reflecting harm on others a major step in development of maturity is the step president Push has yet to make and steady persist in lying to himself and to the American people Is a fancy disdain me it says and co-presorfer from Marfan syndrome Mark man syndrome Marfan syndrome is a connective tissue to sort of characterized by usually long limbs the form of skeleton lungs eyes and heart Probably while she has Adams apple gigantic in his no somebody for me It says you know she's an expert offender Bill Mar A weird ask couple. Oh, yeah, I kind of like Mary Madeline and she's in a car. Oh, that's gotta be a scam. Oh, what? That couple Bill Mar and the ankle Mary Natalie and then No, I don't know that one's for real. I think the one the other one's gotta be a scam and quote her with any man It's what have to be a scam. Yes, man. I'm a real. I'm saying I don't care who you are you fair right Six hundred eighteen votes which are meals comments piss you off the most none of them 519 and I'm gonna be above 84 percent Well ain't that special His comments about polyprist 26 Guns 20 guns. Oh, yeah If with my guns man don't take away my guns my peace my rod. Hey. We're gonna need them But a rod. Yeah, how much he making is a coming level. Lucius his comments about religion 19 His comments about blacks 18 His comments about orthodox you is seven. I told mower to set up stage versus His comments about human six is coming to my red next two and his comments about colors one So I meant to you know about the colors because the audience knows the listeners know that all my comments about the colors are Like a W a and hello I'm saying there you go I rest my case. What you talk about the proof of being right there right out right out the open just reach out and grab bigger tips Yeah, right at the any your index finger in the middle one two Marine downrights Boy, you're sure doing a lot of yell. I gotta make up for a short show. I think it's very easy to name that's right until like I don't care if you like it or not. We're not programming you have no arbitran dire is. Yeah You're not gonna help put us over the top as if we care where is the copy from Steve Wolf or pop at O'Part You know, it's just it's just amazing and trust rather comes in there to like handle me with some other Craft like do this for a month and no problem to have it how about taking care of the ones we already got and there's plenty of room for a spot today Which he there was no really response to that we've got to talk to full us about it Well, screw fill us okay. She's leaving anyway. How would that bitch the water not see the hell with that? Who the hell and she decided what we got 20 of a place to put that on there? You know, they're always lining Man, the sale department was awful man. Yeah. Well, how about now? Is it any better now? It's a disaster It's not an accident waiting to happen. It's the next ones that already happened. So the disaster Even though the Titanic didn't have a sign of thing like this On QA I'm the station that takes the joy out of life WQA in hello One of our better ones right there QA in hello Hello yeah, yeah I can play like I do Do more head on the alien Yeah, we already heard about it. Yeah, she's maybe it is and she's calling me Richard Blasard has did the FQ for her. Yeah, we already heard about it. Okay. I'm sorry How the good day. Okay WQA. Hello see these are the top show group. These are the people want to talk about an encoder and billarot I'm I just got a give you a billarot history But it has something to do with something current something meaningful And supposed to but we are restating the obvious that we hate an encoder and billarot They're like poison wish they would both croak How's that cat and her still by we're gonna stir about her? Oh, I say they did a big news thing Don't hurt he sell and everything man. Yeah, we're judging the house. She's her He dodged your hands on you. Yeah, I told him so as you said go on yourself Before I get to Marine down Harris pledges to sell all her assets right I could get much for that That's really a lot of time This is from the Tampa Tribune US representative Catherine Harris Continue her attempt to take her campaign to national TV into add religious overtones to request for US Senate seat with an appearance on nightline last night ABC news Harris told John Donovan about line that she intends to sell all her personal assets to fund the race My husband as real estate, but I won't own anything she said it's good and including that seat the Senate Since making a pledge last week to put 10 million bucks of her money into the race Harris has made the phrase putting everything on the line a new campaign theme she's gonna put her back home on the line I'm wondering to take this widows might this pearl of great price and put everything on the line she told Donovan And how much you have are you willing to take what you have and sell all her for a great price Donovan didn't ask her about her links to defense contract or mental weight Where recently did guilty to robbing California congressman to Duke or her not have been told that Tribune there was no agreement to avoid any subject in the interview Since revelations about those links appeared in court documents three weeks ago Harris has avoided interviews with Florida reporters and answered very few steps into questions about the issue Instead she is chosen non-confrontational venues for steaks speaking to the public She made her pledge about her campaign donation interview with commentator Sean Hannity and a vowed fan of hers on his Unchist right wing Nazi Fox news TV talk show For the nightline said gonna camera cool follow her most of Thursday including filming a scene of a Tussling her away from reporters after campaign event so they wouldn't be able to answer any questions Nightline most of the hard any reviews of Ted Coppola changed since he left abandoning the format of examining a single issue in death in favor of several topics on each show What it's done is become much more of a mixed bag than before it does some tough-minded stuff and some fluffy stuff Said from the University of journalism professor Richard Walve former top news executive ABC and NBC He said the show can still examine issue in death, but they're much more what it'd assured her pieces Harris is also why today religious component to her campaign the phrases widows might and Pearl of Great Price are both biblical Oh, yeah widows might in the book of Mark refers to a poor widow witnessed by Jesus Contruding a tiny amount of money a might to the temple treasury while wealthy people contributed large sums He's said the widow gave more because she cast all I have a little Speaking of widows might I happen to know that widows will and Your case cast no stone Is Neil Roger What solid this is five 16 This is the Neil Roger show this is a blind This crowd It's But I guess if you win, would I use it, cut for yourself? But what's on your skin, do this now? And 15 rounds on could be white Tell me guys, but just my job, you would better than go and choose the options But just guess, that I can be smarter, how it's worth I'll try You ain't done anything, but you have to switch between them and break it down We're much mad, there's tons of rounds, no one pulling around I gotta get back to work! What's wrong with you? Get the weight! So how you doing with your card, boys? I'm out. You're out? What's up? I wasn't here. That's what I've done, I've done doing it well, up until this point. Oh, but now you're done? I'm done my team's out. And what about Josh? I got three of the four final four still in it, but one team that I had going to the dances out So, through my dancing? Oh, for dancing. I hate when that happens. I like when I'm in teams dance. During training 9-11 hijackers at Ben and plane on a Miami runway, How do you like that? Thank goodness we had a lot of homework in the 90's, and we didn't take advantage of it In fact, that's the more in-doubcom flying into a building who could imagine But anyway, two of the pilot hijackers from the 9-11 2000 That's a bit of a small airplane on a taxiway of Miami International During their flight training, but their actions didn't attract serious scrutiny From federal officials, a witness in these as a carousness with Sally Trial City yesterday. Today. Today. A flight instructor at the school where 9-11 hijackers My Hamid-Ata and Mar-1-alshihi received commercial pilot training testified At the death penalty trial of Musawi, who's confessed to being an al-Qaeda terrorist. In Structed Daniel for a self-ness, the private instructors at the school They collected a sigh of relief. When Ata and Al-Shihi completed their training in left-of-school For Sally Tathethi, December 26th, 2000 incident in the Miami airport Was one of several problems the school had with the pair. They had a bad pair. For Sally Tathethi, a call to Florida School to be right school officials after the plane was off Thunder runway, but he said the FAA never questioned Ata or Al-Shihi. What would be questionable about that? Prosecutors were presenting testimony about the 9-11 parallel hijackers training And a pair referred to show perils between Musawi's flight training and that of the other hijackers During testimony yesterday, a terrorism supervised in FAA headquarters The Smiths' defile agents concerned about Musawi in the weeks before 9-11 as hunches in suppositions. The supervisor Michael Rowan testified that he hadn't even read on August 18, 2001 Memoritten by many F-L-Zagian Harry Samad Dammit, who arrested Musawi and was convinced from the outset that Musawi was a terrorist with Penn's hijack aircraft. One thing about this government, they couldn't find a terrorist in their own living room. They didn't know where they were. Yeah, they knew where they were and we were just making sure that we were working. Yeah, what the play was. Marine downright, tell them how to do all four hours of reading here today. They probably would take some reading good calls. We don't have any. Oh. 5-6-7-0-5-60, what a call's have really been the last two weeks and a half. Right after that anniversary deal, man. This new regime of ours were like becoming marginalized, were like on the ages of life becoming. Now we really are. Oh, suspicious package found on White House grounds. I think Warren Vini was his own. But there was a big package. Could have been manned culture. Oh, not that big. 5-6-7-0-5-60, here's my last attempt to get somebody involved in the show today. This is week. This is really pathetic. And pound five, 60 under Verizon, sing it a wireless line. A town without pity. I know you can play it again, Jean Pittany. Oh, I got a photo. But not in your not eating again, I am. Okay. From here. Oh. See what it does to your system? WQAM Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I like it when you read. Keep reading men. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. WQAM Hello. There he is. Deep penny baby. I have a strange little dude. Yes, man. I'll be good for it. QAM WQAM. Why? Why? Nah, we were very weak. I was thinking maybe we could spend a couple hours having like, Eddie wannabes calling. And so you can do the best, Eddie? Couple hours. No. We could do four of that. Except, four hours on that. Yeah. What we're getting some online, nine always. See like, they said the X is just there is only one. That's right. And that's true. There's only one. But there are a lot of wannabes out there. We got a project, a round of wannabes. We got 81 of these. We even got a guard or one of these. WQAM Hello. wannabes line. I view. Yeah. What a good dude. WQAM Hello. Hey Neil. Are you doing? Okay. Listen, I read this thing in the time yesterday. It was a pat-filmen father there trying to figure out just how his son died over there and that gamna's been. Yeah. And there was a heartbreaking story. And you know, to fight Jessica Lynch, they put out this line of BS at the beginning and slowly the stories start to fall apart. I just thought of it as a parent. How you put their an agonized over what really happened to his son. It's torture. Eddie can't get a straight answer. And then when you find out that past a long time high school and college body went off and the joint to following his footsteps. I mean, I couldn't need serious help. He must be a nut job. I don't get it. But I mean, it was just a bit weird. I think. So, you know, just reminds me of Nazi Germany, you know, when they were bombing for when they were telling them all this is the last step that flows of the allies that would you give up. And of course, you're right. President told us many months ago now that the insurgency was in his waning days. It's waning over here. Right. Yeah. Just a few of them left in there. At the similarities between Germany and Vietnam and this. In the area. In the area. In the area. Five six seven. Five six. Six. Just like kissing their tolls into Vietnam. Pieces in our hand. He had a piece in his hand though, right? Piece of what? Put something. Ask. W2QAM. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. I do in a while back. I'll tear you on on the radio. Are you reading the chocolate and ice cream on your subluing all right? No. That's right. You're starting to panic aren't you? Yeah. Well, I have an idea for a poll in which body parts that they get Amputated first is to keep eating all those sweets. I guess. I think in your luck split. Right. Let me do it. Wait a minute. George, George, don't come. Come. Come. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Amen. You are. That's the living correction. Wow. Talk about an engineering disaster. W2QAM. Hello. That was probably PB Lennie again. So here's the Eddie wannabe line. Why do we line QAM? Yeah. Yes sir. I saw a D for Bndetta yesterday. And I believe George said that it was a week. Only gave it a six man. That was great movie. Well, we have a movie and eight. That's what we have. What was great about it? I had a story line. You know, I just kept your interest all the time. I thought. The guy looked like a zero. But pardon me. I said have a great day. 567. 560. Pound 560. Only Verizon. Sing it a little. You're a tasty new touch to guy. So he said he Josh has got his time on a better. Josh who fell asleep during that work would like to be for victory. A lot better. And love zero. What was that? One zero movie. The gay blade. What was that? Yeah, who the hell was in that? Was that a little girl? George Hamilton. Oh, George Hamilton was in it. Well, guess what George? I mean, George Hamilton. I don't care who you are. You fair. Good job and Godfather 3, by the way, not. I mean, he was just ridiculous. Nobody who I am, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, listen. I have regards to you from Regis Filbin. I really think. Yeah, I was just a hard rock live last week for his show. And I met him after the show. It's making a board of the first. There he is. What did he say? Well, I thought him and mentioned your name. And he said that after that morning, rather, he was sent by the pool. He listened to a couple hours of your show to show me the story. Yeah, he did that. That's where that came from. He did call me. We were talked on the phone. I just, that's where that clip came from. Oh, yeah. He said, yeah. It's making a board of the police. I'm going to recognize that voice. Oh, yeah. He's like, oh, like, well, this is great to us. Like there. That's a lot of power. Yeah, you're okay, Regis. Hey, if Regis such a big fan, send a bag of money. We'd joke. Okay. The best show we ever had was on that now. He found health network, whatever that thing was. That was a lot of fun. It was very funny show. I don't know if you remember that except me. I don't think I ever saw it. And his wife was on it too. What's your name? Joy. Joy. Yeah. It's doing very good. Ha ha. She's like, oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Joy. Yeah. It's doing very good. Joy. Yeah. I can't believe that. You remember that? You was a little high. Or why? Can you imagine how she hated Kathy Lee just like poisoned. I mean, oh, man. Yeah. Of course, she had Regis and Kathy Lee hate each other too, from over. And of course, who wouldn't hate Kathy Lee? Boy was probably jealous of Kathy Lee's boobs. Is that it? He's a joy forever. Suspicious package of wine house grounds. The president is not there. Ooh, bite your lip very, very hard. Or the blood. I got pepperoni juice tripping down my chin. No, so I think it's pepperoni juice. You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida, you really need comfortable shoes to be slept and around. So they only place to go as Brandy Shoes and Pablo Beach. They carry all the major brands like floor shine, echo, muffisto, rock, port, Hush puppies, new balance, and tons of other big name brands in all sizes for men and women, even they carry wide widths and hard to find sizes too. If you got strange feet. Brandy Shoes is the largest in penetrary territory in South Florida. And when you see the selection venue get a brandy Shoes you'll see Bob and tell you about them for years, go see my good friend Arnie. Go get to the right for the shoes for your feet. Brandy is just like an apartment store where you have to wait a long time to get service. Then they tell you, oh, guess what? We don't have that style in your size. The only thing they do with Brandy is the shoes. Obviously, they know their stuff and you never have to worry about size. Selecting your service. Brandy Shoes, you'll find them at 1290 north, federal highway and Pablo Beach between Atlantic and Coppons on the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy is open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week is a great time to buy men shoes. If you're sized 14 and over at Brandy's, take 10 bucks off on all men's brands and, while you're there, check out their men's and women's hush puppies on sale at 20% off this week. Always ask your savings. Always great deals and really friendly sales holes who know your feet inside and out even by the smell. So be sure to come into Brandy's this week or shop on their website. Brandy's Shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Congratulations, get a life. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. We're going to go to the store. What are you going to do about this? You're happy. 11.17 at 5.60. Well, I said, that's you're going to hold on to use the new one. What are you going to do about it? But you said everywhere, doesn't it? It's just everywhere. That's where you're going to do about. Okay, relax. Maybe. It's just 100 80 votes. What do you think Josh, 1000 a.m. I don't know. He's out of the room. What do you mean he's out of the room? Not doing an onrodocin tracing. Don't want to think so. He just got up recently while they're running out. Maybe he's confagulating with the new sales manager to see what's going on. Maybe he went to find what's his name, Christ ran for it. All these skin head. I don't know. Body was diabetic. That's supposed to be very secret. Christ ran for it's diabetic. I don't think it's supposed to be. I don't want to see anybody but we're keeping a secret like the Humper. Now listen, as far as because Eric did a beautiful job on our website, one of the poll on at being fields pasta, low carb. But I do want to emphasize this and make sure it market down the time I said this. Very carefully. If you're one of those diabetic people that doesn't take your blood sugar first of all, you're crazy. You're crazy. You've got to dip it if you were a lunatic. That was fun. That's number one. And number two, don't eat this. Don't order it, don't eat it, don't bite. I got nothing to think of battleship. So as we're going down like the Titanic, it'll be perfect. It'll fit right in. Dream fields low carb pasta. Eric did nice all the artwork there. It's got the picture to box and their logo and the link to read more about it. Read all about it. And that's it. But if you don't take your blood sugar, you don't take it. Because obviously the fact I'm having a really good luck with it and that's lost five pounds, and it's very satisfying. And it's also taken away my sugar craving, which that's to me is a miracle. A miracle. Can you believe it? I believe it. I mean, for some things in life, you just can't believe it. You never lose your craving for it. Like what? Like that. Oh. Something sweet. Yeah? Like me. Like me? Apple pie. Like a chocolate pie. Or an anacrean pie. Mmm. No interest. No ice cream. No, no, no, no that garbage. So miracle I survived this long. Eat nice food. But I like the half gallon at times. Take me to your two leaders. And at least turtle and all I've been in Jerry's coffee coffee crunch. And then I got hooked on that damn hog and dives of all things that banana nut. What is that like a banana nut? Marine Doud says flying into a building who could imagine? Three little words still employed there. Of all the through the looking last moments in the last few days, the strangest is this. The FBI officer who arrested and questioned Zacharias Musawi, or Zazikariis, told a jury that he had alerted his superiors about 70 times, and Mr. Musawi's radical Islamic fundamentalist who hated America might be plotting the hijack in her plane. 70? Then makes one time for every virgin waiting for Mr. Musawi in heaven. Judging by how disastrous the prosecution is doing, the virgins will have to wait. We could have cracked an I'm loving plot if the FBI wasn't run by donses. Mr. Musawi's lawyers got a break because according to the testimony of the officer Harry Samit, a better run bureau could have broken a case even without the terrorist confession, maybe the FBI officer should have shot him with some paintballs. On September 10, 2001, Mr. Samit confided to a colleague that he was desperate to get into Musawi's computer. He never heard back from the FBI's bin Laden unit before 9.11. What did the unit have to do that was more pressing than catching bin Laden? And he was instructed by officials and FBI headquarters here whom he labeled criminally negligent. In him two of the officials who didn't want to endanger their careers with any excess aggression toward radical fundamentalist, David Fraska and Michael Lalphi then working on the radical fundamentalist unit. Oh, that David Fraska makes a hell of a drink. Even though County Rice told the 9.11 commission that no one could have imagined terrorist funding into a plane on the World Trade Center, and FBI officer did, officer Samit testified that a colleague, Great Jones, tried to let a fire under Mr. Malpe, by urging him to prevent Zekarash Masali from flying a plane into the World Trade Center. Those words. Later Mr. Jones told Samit that have been just been a lucky guess. Uh-huh. Kenneth Williams, a Phoenix agent, also sent a warning memo to the Flegmatic Mr. Fraska in July 2001 after stipping a sniffing out a scheme by Osama to dispatch Middle East extremist America to get flight training. Neal Uist Road on the Times yesterday that William Carter, an FBI spokesman, said that neither the bureau nor Mr. Malpe and Mr. Fraska were still employed there would have any comment. Still employed there? How can Mr. Malpe and Mr. Fraska still be employed at the FBI? How can Michael Shardoff still be employed in Homeland Security? How can Donald Rumsfeld still be employed at Pentagon? Missing 9.11, missing Katrina, mingling Iraq, racking up 9.3 dollars in debt. Those things don't cause officials to lose their jobs. Only saying something honest as press-in-t animal error situation sucky did can get you a long way ticket to Volucaville. Let me told reporters last week that the military was preparing for a civil war in Iraq, but he didn't consider a civil war yet. Even though he acknowledged it was hard until exactly when chaos tipped into civil war. I don't think it'll look like the United States civil war he added, sang, would he? Yeah, and for its center, Lincoln let the enemy fire first. So the French Secretary believes that the body counts days below the civil war era's 600,000, a rack below the TV, healthy blue state red state democracy? Why administration officials says that Rommie doesn't hold the same sway in meetings anymore that his treat is an eccentric old uncle who pops off and is ignored? But why can't W. just quit him? Instead the president praised him for doing a fine job on two wars and transforming the military, but Rommie actually bullied the military to go along with his foolish schemes in Iraq, and has sat the one-spirit fighting machine that machine. And his impromptu press conference yesterday, the president presented himself as an ice-guide doing a difficult job, relentlessly joshing with reporters. He tried to depress for playing in service goals by showing bad news from Iraq. They're capable of blowing up innocent life so it ends up on your TV show, even as reports surfers about insurgents outside bag that's storming a jail, slaughtering 18 police officers, and letting the prisoners out following fast upon the news surge and raid on Iraqi Army headquarters in Kyrpook. Does the president think TV will instead report an increase in melon sales at the market? When the bushy's harp on training Iraqi security forces, so America can hand the country over to them, it has a hollow ring. Back in 2003, the US debatfield Iraq and put its faith in its friends the Shiites. The badified Iraq. What do I say? Whatever I said. Now given the expected Shiite death squad's emolligies, the US wants to bring the Sunnis back into the system, so whom do we trust in for how long? As to the good and vision of day when there would be no more US forces in Iraq, the president said, that of course is an objective, but the end of that it would be decided by future Iraqi governments and future American presidents, once W is not still employed there. It says Marine, the Queen. Queen doubt. You don't have no items, Apple. And you sure as hell don't have no f*** ass to ratists. Oh, here's a big radio news. Stay's now you never heard of before on guarantee. I'll bet your election Joe Bell's life on it. Josh never heard of it. Union radio at W O C N. No Spigating Glace. All this time. Yeah. Sold for six million dollars. W O C N. Mine has been sold by minority broadcasters hit in my Richard and Pablo Vega, to Dallas-based independence media for six million bucks. W O C N. Correliers and Mics of Broker talk and religious programs targeting immigrants from Latin America and Haiti Mon. The states and single covers day county most of Broward. John Pierce was the exclusive broker in this trans-sash court of radio and records R and R. Always keep my shaman. You know FMQB and R and R and R and all these are radio related sites. Okay, so my piece of real good jobs. I think I'm going to go to work at W O C N. Put those vatries on the map and we'll let you translate into West by Newall. Alright, and Josh can do the Emarlin's games in whatever language he speaks. See you soon. See this. Wow. 699 votes if I refresh it. It's going to be over 700. You think I'm refreshing. I'm clicking it's 700. Alright. It's the 700 club with Pat Neil Robertson. Which are Newall's comments piss you off the most. That's our very good poll question today. None of them. None. 83% are not peowed. Peed off. 582. Ever been peed off? His comments about politics 28 is comments about religion 23 about blacks 22 about guns 22. How about blacks with guns? Bad mixed baby. A bad combination. Leafle. His comments about Cubans 8. His comments about Orthodox Jews 8. Well, too bad. You get keys and put away them stupid hats. His comments about colors 4 and his comments about red mix. Solimentate trace only 3. Shout totally we didn't have to put that on it. That's why I probably left it off. Maybe it was just an oversight. Maybe it was busy putting up that big thing about the Greenfield pasta. Which even excellent job. Yes he did. I'm telling you one thing. We have to send us about 10 cases of it. Just for the free publicity. Where's that copy from Steve Wolf and Pomp and O'Park? Did what's his name for? I'm sorry for coming right here. Hey, here's a spot. Yeah, see. Doesn't care. Doesn't care. I just like to see another place that I'm going to mention a piece of Love. Just like other accounts that I've had on the year for years and years and years since we're supposedly all whipped up by celebrating my 30 anniversary. I'm sorry to man. Miss Markid. You'll see. It's just a matter of time before they run everybody else off to because this sales department man is these are the sales holes from a hell from a hell. It's unbelievable man. They just, uh, they're unbelievable including your buddy, Duff. Oh my god. Hey, Duff. I don't care who you are. You're fair. Guy. That's that for re-enine. In your witness was Josh in there yesterday when he's given me that song that advanced. I was. And where you needed the previous time last week, where he's some he's just the opposite. Yes. Yeah. So what am I supposed to believe? What do I know? Who did mole? You know what I'm saying? I just don't get it. We can't get an honest answer from any of these people for love money or anything. I think Josh might know something that gives a good stuff to give an honest answer. Has something to do with that? But I don't think he's a bind or so on. That's your department. I'll tension bed. No, it's not my department. That's dust department. Okay. Like I said, Duff. I don't care who you are. You fair. Guy. You know, I can understand if he had like about a half of us in the counts. I'm a show. I could understand that. But there is solamente uno, baby. There's one. A very good one, by the way. And actually one, which you guys want to keep getting the free food. But it's like, I can't get a straight answer out of this guy. Wow. I'm ready to say that. That was about the way. That was about the way. Troy's the word. Straight answer. You're fair. Sorry about that. I did it. That's what I'm about. And we're asking. What about Andrew Ashenwoods? Oh. What a little bit. Twenty seven. Oh. Wow. And of course, this is the macho sports station. Like that one jingle by a broken brown. Where is it? I'll find it. I'll play it before this one. Or it's three or four. They've helped us take a bite again. It's your, hey, station for the new millennium. Twenty. That's why we're going down. Twenty eight past eleven a QA. You all know the name drive concepts. There's another one. Even I was me for twenty one years on here. And I've used it in my home for all that time. And we're just in my house with you all Monday. Doing their fine fantastic, usual, amazing job. You can have the worst looking schmutzies carpets in the world. Which back at I would be. Remember that day? I'm sure you do. Yes. I mean, those carpets had been cleaned about 400 years since before Jesus was an infant. And right downstairs there, right? We're Gary Oates's name. Was the accountant named Gary Mills. Mills. Very good. Who, man? I wonder if he was Kimberley, hardest driver. Gary Mills. Who? Anyway, they came and cleaned those carpets and they made him look sensational. And those were as desperate as it gets. So no matter what to do is before he got in 10,000 to replace your carpeting, he brought concepts to call and learn to bring even the dirtiest carpets back to life. Look and just like brand new leave your carpets vibrant and color. Soft of the touch, staying free, looking like he just had brand new lead. Right there on your floor. Right concepts is the only company I've been using. Like I said for twenty one years, the only one you should trust too. Just in case you were to wear a red rock concepts, also a specialise in drapery cleaning. A post-recleaning, deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and lots more. All of these things. Without a doubt one of the best things you can do for those oriental or area rugs, your Magic Flying carpet is to use a quality underlainment. It's essential for a standing life and beauty of the area rug and it provides critical cushioning and prevents getting in hard floors. Call this month or in a month, the March and get 15% in savings on all underlain and panning. Dry concepts always professional always on time and always give your written guaranteed price up front before they start doing a miraculous job for you. The next week, we will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. We will be back with a new video. Coming soon to Fox. It's the all new Beverly Hillbillies. Starting all your favorite characters. Jay. We are a green great granny. Carpay. Chessero. What? And Kelly Pickler. What's the sale man? I'm not gonna tell you. She demonstrates what life is like without a brain. You want to tell with me? Thank you. But I don't even know how to pay it. But if it's her, I even see it though. Um. A. A. A. I have right. Done to deserve it. You know her. And lover from a marriage in idle. Now follow Kelly Pickler as she makes a startling discovery. She should have lived here in California. But I'm going to this place called Holy Blood. And I don't see no church as it all. I don't really know how to hit people. It's the all new Beverly Hillbillies. Starting. Kelly Pickler. What the hell there? I'm gonna soon depart. I'm gonna depart. You see you think she's gonna terminate this place? What's this? Say wherever it is. Now, tell the surprise of me here. Sprinkle. Is this something you can imagine? It's so cool. So today we've cooked L.A. Here's her hearing comes out. By me. Because why Picasso Well, fuck, he's such a virtues. Such a good voice. Yeah, 50%ey. green acres. So we'll see. Ready. Yeah. We can test him. I don't know who the hell I'm here. An idle. That's right. I never kindle. What's the deal with it? I don't get it. I don't know. If you listen to it, I'll play again if you want. It kills him good time. Yeah. Powered. It says, I wonder where tower that is. I wasn't sure every day. I listened to many of your suggestions. Yesterday, we were talking about greenfield pasta. Yes. I have to say this is an excellent pasta. Very good carb-wise. We've already given you an audience in four menu. How are you? Thanks for the nice facts. I like that short and sweet, right to the point. How are you? Right. I'll just pay attention. What's that final total? I mean, that final. But I mean, close to final for that fundraising thing. That the Duffour's done us. We had 19,935 as of, I don't know, some time. Have a good week. A total today. We're right. Have a good day. Totally. Well, why not? Because I don't know. Because Miguel's like screwing off again today. Or something. Oh, screwing somebody. Come on. Let's get what's up. Boy, what? Why didn't we get involved in that? That's your fault. Yep. You should have said to me, and under no circumstances, you're angry. You're right there. You went out of the memories again. Every year. What did I say? What was my answer? What was my answer? When I first brought this product. What your mind was? What was my answer? What was my answer? What was my answer? When I first brought this product. What was your mind was? What was your mind was? What was your mind? What did you go with every just crap again? Yeah. I just like having a bank the money he's made the last five years. Last five minutes. I think this wrong. Even though he's a big note or a name not. But I like read you, Solize, you good guy. But that having been said. For a guy with his talent to be making that kind of money. People talk about the money I'm making. Registence makes more money in two minutes than I'm making five years. He's just swimming in a sea of money, drowning in it. Between it, who wants to be a millionaire? And at the awful show with Kelly Ripa and formerly with Kathy Lee and Nalda. And then of course those commercials. And he's got endorsements up the old earlobe. My gun. And I don't be graduate of it at all. But you've got to admit for a guy with his talent to be making that kind of money. He ought to be kissing the Glarney Stone. Every chance he gets, I should do. I can still run his stones. Does that have to call it? Yes. Oh, here's our one lovely call. WQAM. The old guy. Yes, sir. And Bertha said I know who Kelly. The pickler is. She is on American Idol. And she's a little blonde hotie in country. And she's just dumb and dirt. But, both, like Jessica Simpson, Blonde, Dumbledore, Dumbledore. Exactly. And she's just so cute. You want to get past it, but it's just so tough. So I keep it up. Okay, thanks, Bertha. Yeah. I know what people like that. CBD. Killed for dumb. Where's your old saying goes, young and dumb and full of fun. Some fun. You better watch him, Mr. Joyce is going to be over your ass man. They have never been fined. You're going to be all over your ass. You're going to be Schmerlinian. Oh. WQAM. Hello. What's the term in tariff and swaster? I like that Jack has come up here and say that's one of my cab drivers. Twist this. You've been checking like the twist you had right off. If it would do any good. WQAM. Hello, New. Yes. I just like to say, Phil Faulpman is the worst karaoke singer I've ever heard in my life. Please don't tell me Phil Saussman's really doing karaoke, please. Yes sir, I was at a restaurant and he jumped on stage and it was horrible. Wow. Wow. Have a great, pretty scary thought. Thanks for the bad news. Come on, Phil. Come back to your senses. Senses. Wow. Good guy though, Phil Saussman. These are race cars, not certainly the best, but good guy. Silly luck out there than Mike Pataglia. On the outside. Oh, brother. He is. Yeah, I'll see the thing would hang discussing any of the people in the sports fraternity. It's a it's like discussing dieting with hang. They're just certain type of stuff to steer clear from. You should intercede and warn me. Remind me. Okay. He says, he can't discuss what things are with some people. He died on that. And it's just like he's part of that sports fraternity. He's buddies with all these people even the losers like Mike Pataglia. So bringing anything like that up. He just wants to defend. And that's why we were live sitting live like some a lot. Too bad he doesn't take his blood sugar. So if you're going to kill me, I'm hello. Oh. Hmm. Oh, you could've done better than that. That was too short. You had a short one like that. All the time. Line 9. Any line. No, not the Raspberry line. That was, that's supposed to be on line 1. 567. 560. Come on. You guys can do it. I can smell it. I can tell it's Wednesday. It's the middle of the week. It's hump day. It likes some pretty moronic people say. It's a day for a zillion calls. I got a huge pile here. Why do I got likes to piles like up the nose? Here it. I heard it. Come in to QAM. Hello. We're closing files. New reports assist you with tracking tasks for all your files and the reports module. To learn more about these new features, contact your fun, sales, representative. So we should leave this time. We'll do a climb. Why is it always the same side of it? Is it? It's always her voice. Did you see we talked about that way. You were to remember to show that the chick. She does it all the stuff in her basement and she sees on all these messages. She records them in her basement. She's got a studio. I mean, that's really something people that have a studio right in your own home. That can work out of their own bed. Yeah. There with that lead. Like hop out of bed in the morning and walk about 10 feet into the box. You go towards their fed ass. Like I'm doing right now. My box insurance and T-shirt. I have a picture when it's just cool. Man, all of a sudden. I just noticed it's a blue skies. Some is not. Let's give that weather report for Castro Nova. Sunny and 32. Although it's going to be 38 tomorrow, 40 tomorrow in Friday, 41. Oh, there she is. In a deep in the air, the GTI. Oh, she sends me right to the bowl. Wait, she's here. She's no significant change from day to day. She's a forecast with still on yet. Oh, turn it. That was easy from Friday. That's certainly. It was. I think it's a chance each day of Sunday. Oh, I see. Everybody. I know, just. I think there are not temperatures in the 4 to 5 degree mark. But as we had in the Sunday, we'll see in signal. The more sunshine, mainly sunny skies. I expect the first them. And we're looking at a higher five degrees for us. And Sunday. And that is. I'll say GTA once. I'll say GTA once. So why do we can wish you be on path? Oh, damn it. Since GTA. Oh, well, any of us, huh? You can make that regular feature. That's what I'm saying. Wow. Wow. And she is one thing people would hate this city if they don't like foreigners because everybody here basically could have so foreigner like me. With that, that was just a state. There's still a hawking about that suspicious package on the White House ground and to bring in people as well from and they're you're in the Washington D.C. The heart of the nation's capital. They have president's not there though. Be afraid. Federal. Get very afraid. I'm running the agency to be able to them. I just am all this notice. So for your many years at the White House, John, not on a typical day at the office, but probably more days like this than you could. You've noticed John Roberts now is on CNN because they got screw over at CBS and I go and John, he's a good new guy. Would that kind of like salt and pepper here? He's a mature looking guy. He's looks good on Canary's business and he is. He's a good Canadian boy by the way. I believe John Roberts. That's right. Yes. He is. Never heard of it. Yeah, you did. He used to fill in for Dan Rather all the time. What are you talking about? You have a communist. Dan Who? Right. I'm going to throw up in my throat a little bit. My mouth is going to stop me. There you go. Gosh. But it out. He should have been the enough that old Oki-Doki Bob Schiefer and so now John Roberts jumps your teeth over to CNN, but that was an Nazis. Beachford is gone mad. It's madness in March. He would have said, March madness, but that's a copywriter. The phrase you can say that's right. So it's madness in March all this month at Beachford. They just miss having a record month in February. So they're going to break that record to pieces this month. They're going to break it. And right now, instead of camp 4 to 15, there was always just 249 bucks a month with 9.95 down plus these with a Pro credit in 39 month lease. Madness in March at Beachford means you must be mad. You've got to be crazy not to take advantage of deals like these. We've made some discounts of up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles. Now if you're not in the market for a new car, but you know anybody who would have sent them into Beachford because if they take liberty this month in the month of March, Beachford will send you 200 bucks in cash just for sending them by. And like I always tell you, that money comes from their advertising budgets so they will take it on to your friend's price and repay them or her or it off as if you cared. Don't miss out on this once the event is Beachford's madness in March extended camp 4 to 155. This counts in rebates up to $10 and $200 just for referring your friend. So hurry and Beachford is located two miles east of the Golden Glades. On 106th year 1st week, West 6 year highway, don't ask for a call by the way, you ain't there no more. I guarantee you, you'll love your Beachford experience. This is a new Rogers. This is a total $12. No time. You're fine baby. You're okay everybody. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not gonna be taking care of you. I'm really excited that the event was a few years ago. You look very good show with their little jacket and a full bonus. Oh no mom, you're my family. You look very hot like this. And I'm really excited to be born to work again. No mom. Oh. Oh. There. So folks are now. And they've advised to run 100th year 2. We met a lot of British shows and I love this too. So when she, I'll be feeling I never even had a hit. But I've ran so bad like a normal sin power to me for a dish yet. I am proud to be a real girl through you. I've had you never find any of this suddenly to you. Don't be condemning nobody knows you when I come to know I have. But anyway I have. Suddenly we're both with friends and people just like the same. Some family are confusing all the most party for us. I love this for that people who said no love drama lanes. I'm proud for me getting this that gives me a chance of me laying. And then make my friends like this. And then let's go for the next one. So I'm proud to be a girl who has gotten this. So which we say who? Yeah well we know who he is there. London Lee man he's a legend in your mind. He's a gorgeous video. He's a talented non-slip. The whole staff had it and encountered with him except for me. Really? So you never ran a new one? You never encountered him? No but Josh will give you a long detailed description of how grizzly and shortened of sun Friday is. And a maxis? Yeah. That melanoma bit comes to mind. That was in rust like Austin Powers. When you saw him? No not really. Okay. He had you. He once saw him. Maybe we can give him two to four. What do you say? He had the dark glasses on inside. I don't trust people. Yeah. People are shades inside. Richard Bellz who does that too. I'm pretty nervous about people who are straight. Who does? Howard? Stirred. Oh he does? He never seen him without his satellites. His little round does. I thought I was just part of his body. I just don't know what that's all about. There's a guy that supports you on the fan up here. That's called being one of the whole in the center. He's not interested on TV. I don't know what his name is. He's a very marginal. And he, he wears shades all the time. Why are you doing the show? Could be a cool thatio. What was that what it is? He's about his cool as an elephant's part. Oh speaking of cool the MTV Awards say goodbye to Miami. But they've had it. Yeah. And who could blame him? Certainly. Perhaps a little bit homestay sick after spending last year's Miami. They're heading back to the big apple desogust. The York City is our hometown. MTV's president Christine Enormon said. Christine Norman Kent. And a statement released yesterday for the ANP. The ocean blue waters of Miami had been the background for the awards since 2004. What stars are arriving by yacht? The awards taking place on the American Airlines Arena. At the Inter-Renor the Mickeyerson Arena, the Corrupt One. And after show parties held on fashionable South Beach. But this year, radio city music called be the venue and MTV promised to do All-Spower to focus attention on the August 31st event market down on your arm. We are really looking to showcase the music, Tufturing people from every brewer of this amazing city on TV, online, broad band and wireless Defends around the globe of Norman said. Norman Elliott Kent. Kent. Pompeo Beach, how do you lose a streetlight this uncental once to know? Several cities in Broward County, fear F.P. and L. Florida Plunder, and L.D. is lost more than a few in his building taxpayers for light poles that don't exist. Uh-huh. Not Florida Plunder would loot. Gee. Sounds disass to me. Did this good be between the cities in the utility giant over the true number of streetlights has reached the face of in Pompeo Beach? I don't always don't have any Pompeo Park copy Troy. I'd be more than happy to do it to throw a spot in there. Go to pop it up park, lose your money, have a good time. On the good news from the hop of the other day is that they are not going to have to close down the poker rooms if the per mutual is just because the slots are coming in, even though your fat ass got their money shut that down. I say shut the lottery down. City leaders said they'd been paying for 453 light poles too many in Pompeo Beach. They'd plan to slide 60-1000 toss from their electric bill nice month, recouping more than a year of overpayments whether F.P. and L.D. works at or not. So there you go. Tamerack and cross brings also our counting poles to see whether residents are being overbilled. One of their counting poles in Buffalo. Public works staff has encroached for example six hundred lights in their city they couldn't find 36 of them. And for a lottery, a recent annexation to blood city officials to monitor whether they too are being overtired by Florida Plunderland loot. The doubting began in Pompeo Beach where leaders have argued for more than a year that F.P. L. is overcharged the city. The power company charges government's flat rate for every street light but doesn't often update its counts. In December 2004, C.E.L.E. is presented with power company with their survey totally 6200 street lights. They told F.P. and other overpayments were foreground amongst the 353 missing light poles. E.M. or record your city officials placed the fixed bill never resolved. Just like those bills the visa keeps you know, I from the satellite people never paid never resolved. That's me, I'm a pop at O.B. Well there you go. You get ripped off man, I know. I'd write to somebody. Write to the Harold. Call up the L. Sunshine on Channel 4 and see if he'll wave his ham hox act. 766 volts. We're not going to make a thousand a day and that's going to be really depressing because you people are really slack on 774. See I was hoping we get to like 800 by noon. Not going to happen. Nope. Well, so how we're going to get to a thousand? Get out and push. We're going to push it. Which in the year, well we had a really slow start because ordinarily I put the next days to hold on around 670 p.m. to give them a head start because we don't want to get too bored with a previous one. Which in the year's comments piss you off the most. Maybe they just don't like this book because they all agree with everything I say because how how could they not? I agree with everything I say. That was my vote. None of his comments piss me off 633 a full 81.7%. His comments about politics, p.m. you're off 33. I get p.d. off. His comments about blacks 26. His comments about religion 26. How about religious blacks? Fakers like Al Sharpton. His comments about guns 26. His comments about orthodox Jews 10. Just wait till July man when they like we're going to go 400 pounds of clothing the heavy coat with a big schmatha on ahead. And they smell like the end of the world. As a matter of fact, if you wonder what the end of the world smells like come to woodbine. Okay. His comments about Cubans 9. His comments about Colors 8. His comments about redness, sort of empty trace. I don't understand that. Maybe we just don't have no redness to get pissed off. On the 770. That's great. Or get to the thousand. You'll see. Or there's a will. There's a will. There's a will. There's a will. There's a gay. Tom says. Listen to what any of you would give him full of sudden PR's fresh areas that if we go to use New book American to theocracy, it would be blasted bush and laid out to the obvious connection between the right wing, big role and the war. There's the bush constituency radical religious right women's led by the Chinese so we quit national security with private sector, province, water shark. Then in whatever telekits of the parents had to be including office. They were about to embark on a great Christian crusade to make exon executive's richer. No, they were set off to be named and murdered so they could accomplish the great mission of democratization. Right. And then we're going to be on a march. Oh, there he is. He's in Wheeling, West Virginia. I retired approximately two years. And he's Wheeling it. After all, the lies if we're finally to believe that our nation's ultimate purpose in Iraq was to bring the true meaning of American democracy to a bunch of religious zealous. And when it has been more appropriate for our soldiers to look home, scratch their heads and say, we have met the enemy and he is us. But that sounds like something that Charles Schultz would say in China. Did he say four score in the seven years ago? Just the other day. I think he said that. Charlie Schultz. I was like, George Schultz. This is one. This is what happens when he ate way too much and you don't try to touch your blood. You don't say. He'll smell it. It's just a drain. It drains the flow of the blood from your brain and all of a sudden it's like you have like a vacuum. It drains your brain. It's a brain drain. I don't know if you have any of them. It's a brain drain. I don't know if you have any of them. It's a brain drain. A strain. I'm speaking of a strain. Prosecutor is dropped. Sex case against teacher. Did you see this? Yes, I did. I let out a hoop. A hoot and a holler. I see. Like her? Sure. She's a nice blonde young lady. You know, my heart goes out to her and this is got her hand over her. She's actually seeing in the National Anthem or something. I'm here for her. I'm here for you, Debbie. And she ain't interested. I know. Prosecutor is a drop charge. He has to dig in. It's a former teacher. He's having sex with a middle school student. The teacher, Deborah LaFave. Offer her deepest apologies to the 14 year old boy in his family. LaFave, this is no cala, whatever just horseen around. LaFave 25, she's undergoing therapy for bipolar disorder. That's why I'm... That's why I'm... What I found out she was by. Very, very merciful about the events that led to her arrest in June 2004. She's very, very merciful. And on this story, you can click on the link and watch her explain it. Naked. Not. My greatest regret would probably be the fact that I put this young man through this. She said, LaFave taught reading in a suburban temple a middle school before her arrest. The boy told investigators he had sex with LaFave three times in four days in June 2004, according to court documents. One of those times was in a car while the 15 year old cousin drove around in four or 30s. A lot of his cousin was looking at the review mirror light. Think. Probably. Or like reaching back over the seat. You grab a little something. Of course, I'm not sure what he was grabbing. He also says she performed oral sex on him multiple times. If we didn't want to sit her home. And November LaFave was pretty guilty in Hillsborough County, court to two kinds of loot in the city of The city of LaFave. She was sentenced to the shot to be spanked. Yeah. That's true. I say it's in that case that's shot to be spanked. She was sentenced to that case three years under house arrest in seven years probation required to register as a sex offender. One of the incidents was alleged to have occurred in Marion County, so similar charges also were filed there. And LaFave's defensively goes to the similar peered agreement. The 50th was passed out yesterday by Marion County Superior Court Judge Hill Stancele. And prosecutors there dropped charges when the team walked to testify. He's mum. He ain't speaking. It's over. And this time the case is really over and for good LaFave's lawyer John Fitzgibbon's over reporters. We can only hope now that a few weeks Debbie will basically fade into a footnote and everybody's memory except the kidniquor. No, no. She needs the post for playboy or something. In a written statement, assistant said attorney Richard Ridgeway said the trial was likely to be broadcast on cable TV. Raising concerns about the privacy of the boy LaFave was accused of molesting. He would have been the prosecutor's key witness for that no more. The court may be willing to risk the well being of victims in this case order force to the trial. The court said the trial was said, I am not. The fake criticized the extensive media coverage of case receiver. See the accusing reporters of invading the privacy of her former student. She said she was taking a journalism course online adding, God is giving me a great outlet to write. They'll God. And I would hope I could reach people through writing. I must run Christian woman. She said, I believe that God has a path for me and that was just a bump in the road. She said it felt like a bump. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. A watch-stop. Uh-huh. This is Pope John Paul Williams. And if he asked me, I always think more fun than playing Radass with a Swiss guy. If the Neil Rogers 12.1 hour. Uh-huh. We would meet up early this morning on four o'clock in the day. And it smelled like Radass and Carp is somewhere on the dinner plate. I bought the cover of over my head, so I could believe. But your rumours keep in me awake. Even though I know I can never shave under your arm, I've been trying my best, that's complainin' It reminds me of my favorite dream, but There you are here and wash your actum, brush out teeth before your ever. Brack on some speech, take full of your armpits, your soul's steaming. It smells like candy, all of my sweater, all the real life I was sent. I think I'm a fan of the dinner, saying you're so stinky. You're super-dangerous. I went out driving cold in the air with the air, because you smell like someone's vomit makes me feel weird. I'm so lucky to spend time with you. I'm getting some feeling just a little bit tired of this. It's so open nice perfume, you know it does make sense. Well, I'll turn it the white house, everything is okay. I know where it's going. I'll be the robot check out the package. And the photo like a movie would win it once. Check your coffee smell like a pot's book. You ain't gonna hear it, wash your actum, touch up teeth, it's full of your breath. I'm so speak-sick for your armpits, your soul's steaming. It smells like candy, all of my sweater, all the real life. All there's a white house, everything is okay. Set number 97 votes on the pool. We're not gonna make our $1,000, let's forget about eight, fifty by the bottom of the hour. You folks better get with it and hop on it. Ask that what your talk host can do for you. That's what you can do for a minimal effort. Of course, I think that's the whole audience out. That's 753, right? 790. Man held at White House's spacious package probe, but there's nothing worse than a suspicious package. Man who tossed a suspicious package out of the north lawn of the White House today has been taken into custody according to the Secret Service. I guess I'll watch him make a more today. This individual has done a similar act in the pasties and custily said Secret Service spokesman Tom Mazeur. I wonder if he's pinned a bill Mazeur. The old sports nerd got from Buffalo and then W-810 in New York. Which is now the station at Moezon. The package was noticed just after President Bush left by a helicopter from the South lawn on the opposite side of the White House for a trip to Wheeling West Virginia. What a good place for him. A remote control device was used to probe the package. It was robbing the robot, I'm sure of it. Right? It's a secret. No, I didn't. Oh, come on. A remote control robot was used to probe the package. It was probing it. The reference that runs along Pennsylvania, an almost security protocols are in place, Mazeur said. The Secret Service secured the White House remains its internal alert system by one level to the investigation to a fine-made tank. Report his cameraman and photographer, should we told him, inside the briefing room, we'll have it. But now we've got the all clear, everything is just A-OK. Thanks, fine. Thanks, God. 560, 050, 60, pound-560 in the Verizon singular, wireless lines. Well, at least phones man, if that off like A-Blinkan, just as dead as the door nail. Aren't you shocked? Nope. I think it's going to be a long hot summer. I don't want to get your own nervous. No worries. No. June is always too early. Too much away. Right. No. No. No. No. Three months away. Damn. April May. And we've got only, I think, one more. As the vision is marlin day game, it's next two day, 12. 30. Yeah, exactly. Come to QAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I was gone to say to see for a V-for V-for V-in-dedan. Did you hear? No. Do you know what I mean? I mean, in John's side. But they like it. George Joe thought it was OK. Josh liked it a lot. Yeah, I like it a lot. Actually, it was on hold a few times when I was going. I heard you say Christian Crusade reminded me of the point I wanted to make on your show while I go. I forgot to do it. What has religion put to what is religion put forward? What is religion produced? What is religion put forward? What inventions has it made? What has it contributed in history? Well, we learned that the earth was flat. We learned that. Hey, got a lot of people to heaven. Right. A lot of people killed. They're the point of view is based in religion. You have these psychopaths. But we're running the country. They're based on a point of view that's based on what? What is it? I've never been to a Christian. I've never been to a Christian. I've never been to a Christian. I've never been to a Christian. Anyone who calls in and says charity. My God, who hasn't given something charitable in their life. Yeah. Religion is not needed to give charity. So other than that, I want people to call and tell me. What has religion done? I can't listen. When you have your own show, you haven't called in and tell you back. Does that want to hear about it? It's all nonsense. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got two comments. I just saw a female mayor because the other day I had never seen it before. Excellent. And why did Michael Moore blow himself up? Because he's a terrorist. The focus. He is a terrorist. They're the same. Well, I mean, we're going to buy a greener. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And there's a parody. The second comment is, America. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You do that right up. Yeah. Sure you will. Well, it reminds me of some of the clips they showed in the interviews with some of the soldiers in our rack in him. About killed in some effin, you know, a ragheads or whatever it is. You saw that. Well, that was in also in February of that 11. All of these movies that we've been watching. Be sure to watch. You'll lose change part two on our website even though I know you're won. You won't even look at the dream field pasta thing. We just, you know, we just lost the clock. That's all. And I just a coincidence that it happened a long time the new regime came along. You know, it's just a coincidence. I'm sure. We were kicking big fat smelly ass for a long time for years, even on this marginal exploitation. And then this new regime came along and man, oh man, you talk, let's talk about dropping the balls. How's that pop at a park spot coming? I'm serious. I would give them a free spot if the, if the, if the, Steve, will just pass me direct to copies. Got the fast number. I give them a free spot. Urge everyone come out for the racing 735 the night the poker room is open. Now eight minutes ago, we got the thoughts coming in July. We got time. We got a week free parking for your admission every day. Racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. What live racing? There it is. There was a new somewhere. I'm looking at some of that. I'll keep going. Yeah. It's great. How many QAAM? Hello. Hello. Yes sir. And I picked a meal piece. And then of course, that one scene where everybody's a mad Damon. Faggot. Faggot. It's, sir. Speaking. Hi, Nick. I just wanted to find out if you saw our president, I'm sorry, every question that I gave him on the, supposed to be the new press conference. Yeah, I see him. Yeah, I was right here. I see him. Well, I think he just turned a thought everything that, you know, everybody wants to know. And for the next two years, he's going to be the same story man. Okay man. Thanks for the bulletin. 5607. 5607. How do you like that? Was that a perceptive call or what? I was pretty good. All right. Just finished his welcome over. Okay. Bye. Bye. See, I don't even know where he's my time with. It just like stick my finger on it. Squash it. Like I'm going to, I'm going to, like step it in. Do. 5607. 560. Last call for calls. Maybe this week. Okay. I might just like dispense with all these calls this week. I don't know why I keep doing this. I keep trying to talk since for this new management, new ourselves staff. And talk to a Troy Stranger to begin the end of, again, a straight answer out of a duck. Hey, duck. Let me say it again. I don't care who you are. You're fair. We're going to have response man. Look at this underwhelming response. Happy 30th anniversary. We need all by the way. We don't want to talk about anything. We went for months and months and months. Man, these phones were smoking. Am I right? They're smoking. And then somebody stood your stuff. And by the way, you could smoke that two months. It's by the weekend. Hey, if you got there right. Well, you said yesterday two months is an awful lot. I don't think for a guy like you. No. You can handle it. You can handle it. You and Joe Custillum. You see, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, that's what happened to him. I don't know what you're talking about it. Get out of here. Stop talking crap on here. You say one thing off here. And then on here. I'm stuck it up to the base. Everything that I've said about you. Get out of here. You don't have to say. You don't have to say. You just ain't the same. He's just not the same. I go go go go. He's missing the poor. He is the same. So maybe you didn't notice something before. I'm I apologize. That's your right. That was excellent. Dominique. You, I am. Hello. I'm going to. Yes. The banter of Huttah. Why you and Hank have this morning about we have met the enemy. And he is with actually. Cartoon called Pogo. That was indicated. Walter, was that Walter Lance? Walter Lance. What he wouldn't recognize was not Charles Schultz. Pogo. So what about it? You hit the nail on the head. So you were on the head. He was. So it was. It was a good. And it's still laying still. Okay. His blood sugar. He still hasn't care about staying alive this guy. I don't know what I'm going to do with that man. Never. That man. Huh? Now you're right. Just just the program. You just tell me. I forget about it. If you were here at Slap. Yeah. Give me a little slap on the side of the head. Slap him out of it. Okay. Bad people. One of them is not to be fat. They want to die a wicked girl. Let's see what it is. I need to take you to work with him. That's it. It's five, sixteen, two, three. All. Just go on a voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Are you obsessed with sports? Hearing for ball teams from colleges you've never been to. Where's the things this cultural drawing men call Pogo? Our name is a foreigner. Only the things O'Reys or the calling that sport. Whole radio show for their sake. But you need something to do in the playing games. Don't you? But you're being forced to think. Well take this sport home. Just grab your arms. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Surround yourself with sports inside and out. With the satisfying taste of growing juice. Just grab them as individually rat sticks of yellow gum. A quarter into flavor of your favorite athlete. So embrace their dumbness and enjoy the long lasting flavor of congealed sweat. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. I think that would be even better slogan than the one I had in mind about this. The QAM, the stage of the takes the joy out of living. Or embrace the dumbness of sports talk. Which I like that. And embrace the dumbness of my arms around the right now. Okay. 829 vote. My 1216. It means like by the bottom of the air. We ought to have about 8. And we'll do it. We'll get our thoughts. And then instead of what Josh said before. No confidence man. You see me do it before. You see me put these people over the edge by just slapping them. I'm going to show you this. It's sad. It's tragic. It's such a tragic place. Must be that sunshine that just melts everybody in the state of Lethargy. Sitting off in a corner of big lounge chair. Shevel and all kinds of burritos and crap in their fat face. And who the almighty talk after eating all that damn ice cream and all that garbage I was eating for. That's right for months. It's a miracle. I'm still alive. Yes it is. And I'm lecturing other people. Just that I have it to discover something that I'm really excited about. And nobody else cares. Nobody. All of the beast was asking me. And I want to clarify. I want to think about that. Veele's not leaving alone. Because I'm not making no money off it. And it cost me an arm and six team legs. That's shipped up there. But I have two shipments. I got enough to feed the Chinese army. But it's not like. Because we've in the past had some of the substitute. Possible. That's why people that have been expressed there. Really a very little eerie of this stuff. Like that slimy. Sure we're talking. Noodle stuff. I talked about all man. It's a little bit more. The other. shu'laces. Horrible crap. But this is like regular pies. Does not have any toe full minute. No soy. It's totally. It's made from germ signaling now. But you're pardoned? There's probably what. Speak it anglies will you please. No soy gay. And not this week, but I heard it. 567. 560. Pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line. I've got 45,000 very very important stories here, but I would much rather talk to you folks wouldn't it don't you think? Yeah, let's see how this is much rather heard the articulately point you comments that you people have got to like pass along Somebody QAM hello You want to align? Somebody QAM hello QAM yes sir Hey, I was told about a week or two ago you were talking about rum still and so forth didn't you leak it out that they actually did shoot down that plane in Pennsylvania? No, he never had a comment He made it. He made it. He made it. He depends on how you interpret the comedy. It's on that loose change go watch it again. There's one sentence that he said you can certainly interpret it that way. But watch the movie. Okay, it's on our website our 20 minutes loose change part two It's got the you have to watch the first one because it's the second one just the same with expanded this stuff additional footage You think they're gonna watch it? No, no, and I have no way of finding it. I may be Eric in past it along to me He's in the little old chat room. He's in the box. He's filling his fat face again There's another one man and he's young. He has lost a lot of weight since the time he's gone for that Eric you ought to be on that beamfield stuff. You ought to have your lovely a Japanese wife get that stuff and cook up a head And don't need too much of it. Like George had two ounces enough. He could smoke him by the end of the day. That's right and when they get that rice going Yeah, and there's a pate on the taters and we're gonna release it I love the taters Me too fact. I don't know about I don't think I ever had a Wendy's baked potato. We looked at chives in a sour cream I'm like crazy about like you know you got to just drown it and stuff just to make it, you know What have I always heard about that food that you have to like all across is the same way although I do like past all Like drumic and butter that just butter and salt man and all and I can eat my weight in it Could you oh yeah, of course I love my macaroonian cheese. I'm I get some of them elbows fact I'm I just sure some cheese on my elbows at lunchtime Yeah, that's kind of looking I wish I was double-jointed like Ryan Jeremy obvious obvious reasons Do any Q a I am hello Speaking McB Jackson Be take you guys at first the other day Iine we're now doing It was the best advice I Treated myself for new years frerree uh... all of the on and then in line in line explained. You know what I'm saying? I saw only three cops who you know they're doing their single I'll tell me another drinking. Right. Because of the best trip and you know what I'm gonna hear I am getting my ass out of here. Okay, I'll see you. Okay, I'll see you. I'll see you. There you go. There you go. And there's a guy I went to. I'm standing like this. I'll go back. I always get, I just ain't what he used to be. Because it's too many best people there. If they give rid of the Dutch people, that all the tourists come in there have a fun time. The Dutch are not fun people you know I mean. What do you mean? There's about as much fun people as the bush people are just not fun. Not a barrel of last. And hey and hey everybody. You think the French hate everybody the Dutch really hate everybody. Oh man. Just the way they are, man. And the fact that there's all that permissiveness is got nothing to do with them. It's just their government. It has nothing to do with the Dutch people. They are not liberal. They're not progressive. They're not friendly. They're just what they are. They're slimy. They're like those noodles. Remember noodles and that lush encroval? 837. They don't like the Jews either like the Swedes. They hate the Jews. But then again like that. That says everybody hates the Jews. 837 on a pole. We get to a thousand. You'll see. If not, we're staying on the other way. Get to a thousand. Who's on it too? Oh, gully. Oh wait. He doesn't care. He's not a hard-nast like his. Oh, don't, don't, don't. Try to sense it there. How many QAN hello? Any hello if you're in a black wing in your mouth. How many QAN hello? 567. 560. 560. 560. Verizon singular. Wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Pretty good. How's the progress coming on the Florida bullet train? Top. Top your fan ask Governor and ask him how it's coming. It'll be here along with full fledgicucino gambling in about two weeks. Full fledgicucinos crafts. In fact, that's your favorite especially as crafts. Thank you. Hello. My favorite is that. It's a pretty QAN hello. I am Camille. Happy to 30. Well, thanks. I was arriving in Amsterdam the day of your 30. So I can exactly. I was going on. I'm going on. That's what the whole audience is. They're all playing square. I actually called George the week before I left. Sorry George. No role. I'm in. I looked around with no thanks. You gave it to the piece for me. Let me say George that Josh it's. It's. It's the best place in the planet. You got to get there. It's great. The name is the best place in the planet. Well, the shirts are better than here. Oh, well, I so is a wheeling West Virginia. Oh, no. Thank you. I knew no. Let me show some South Carolina. So it's being intended in New York. So it's East Birmingham. Well, this one to say that great city and have a great show. We're ready to use the. I'm in North Miami. No, I mean, I'm in Amsterdam. I'm going to keep. Oh, I say that the hotel in South. Oh, yeah. I know where that is. Yeah. Right across from the Betty's group. Great coffee shop. Yeah. All right. Guys. Okay. Thanks. We had a good time later. Later. I'm turning people on all of this stuff. I'm stood on this dream field. Greenfields. Brother's four. What was the one we played yesterday? Oh, the Kingston trio. That's right. We're have all. Huh? He's here. We're well, he's here. We're recorded too. You know, he could sing. He thought he was kind of like his own Bob Dylan. Yeah. He thought he could sing. He. He. Yeah, like that. Just like that. There's all bunch of those. He like that singers. A hundred and forty one votes. Roach and meals comments. This is you off the most. None of his comments. Pist me off. Six hundred eighty three. Eighty one point two percent. We're keeping our head above water over 80%. We got a real tourists. We don't want to be pissing off too many people there. You know? Maybe we could be like Mr. Eagle and do a hate call seminar. You know, I was thinking about that in the shower this morning. For a couple of one is that because he'd be going off to his baseball card shows. Then he come running in about five minutes late for his show. And totally unprepared. All that's going to be another hate call seminar. And if I people to call up and bitch a mountain and after they got like two words out of him. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I think he would like to on a tie-way. We're feeling an answer. That was very talented. And preparation. What a jacket. Yeah. Him and his sacrifice. His great radio. Him and his little traveling entourage of sicker fans or clean-ons. See, that's one thing in life. I'm not really fond of his clean-ons. You mean by that? Dingleberries. Yeah, like that. People who are like attached to the hip kind of like Clarence and his boyfriend's there. The new triumvirate. Oh, I do like to be slow. Bees is okay. He's okay. Yeah. He's seriously. He's harmless. He's he's he's he's he's he's he's hard to take him in large doses. But in small doses he's okay five seconds here two seconds here. He's all right. He got me some tickets. So I'm going to be nice to him for the last time. I like him just fine. He's nobody else did. Joe rose hated him and mole course hated him but hated everybody else. Right. And who else? And the forwell is a my remember kept my mind about my show. Yeah. Well, that's because the beast had those big numbers. Adam is in well. But that was both sides. Yeah. He's okay. But then of course there's always robbers. This is the real robbers. This is a long to play. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm like this. And that's why we defend time. It's because I know that the audience is composed of intellectual folks. All world that's right. Speaking of lunatics, I just got an email from your friend in sales with new dollar Maxis copy emails. Well I guess why. I can't download that before. I don't think. to George and Hill thanks to me I'm like a regular she-to-comping paper that's what we do copy a WQAM where your life ain't worth of time. Oh look at me said it to me too. He had already told them that you don't interested in how you go to copy okay I want a physical piece of copy now what's his story is he worked working from the nursing home we can only pray. No it's time I'm yesterday to that or what was that why isn't he capable of like bringing you a realize of great stress on his walk around or leave his shot. I'm going to the door putting in that bottle and floating in this game I don't have to tell you how much effort is involved in getting up and going to the printer. Yeah and modeling it over here. Right. He could die and somebody else doing okay. This is what's going on and we got a new sales guy back there and this was Joe Bell's claim to be saying was that he was revitalizing and reorganizing the sales department you got to be Schmidt Meme. This is pathetic. Same old what did I say before back in January and February what did I tell you? Monday Saturday what did I say the liars will continue to lie and the game players will continue to play games and guess what the liars are continuing to lie and the game players are continuing to play little games like Clarence and Robert in the beast. And Jeff hi I. Although I do understand the message. Hi I'm Tony. Hey him and his boyfriend out there. He's still getting facces from him by the way. Yes. No brother. See what I mean? Let's get a two for let's get a package deal. Play the theory. We're still around. I'm going to get a package deal. Over there. Yeah. I'm 60s. We vote on the appolae. FRL had package deals. Two different kind of deal. Got number five package store. Yeah. Cash in carry. Man die stuck into mud after running from deputies Dallas, Texas old stick in the mud. I mean it wasn't really a big deal either. A man running from a routine traffic stop early yesterday. Sank waste deep in mud and apparently died of a cringey cold ball authority stride a pull-out. FPD stopped Sean Ela floor 33 for having an updated registration sticker. That sounds like that to make Duffy case in Tampa. Remember that years ago? Arthur McDuffie. I thought that was here. No. The riots were there. The McDuffie thing happened in Tampa. I thought it had to do. The riots were in Liberty City. You better get your history straight not Mr. All right. He thought he was wanted. That's in fact to do a Google on it. Arthur. Okay. If I'm dying your line. There's a good way around. If I'm lying you're both dying. He thought he was wanted. That's why he ran. Perit sits. He's done. Perit's. But it turns out he wasn't on a phrase. Except his driver's license was expired. The floor ran about 700 yards off the road where he got stuck into mud. The weather was windy temperatures were in the upper 30s. Not 30 minutes. There's our field which have been saturated by heavy rain. Their people were in the water. They said he's been on an hour before finding. What can the movies when you see people go into the quick sand like that and disappear? They called for help and tried for another hour to pull them out. What a brand he died. He's suffered from exhaustion exposure. Taxi quality results pending. It passed over the fourth vehicle was not injured. I'll thank the Lord for that. Thank. Dale God. For that. Oh look at that. How did this magic become? He brings us in. I told him. He emailed it to me. Oh and you. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. Are these both the same or are these are both the same right? You just said it twice to be extra nice. No. I only said it was. Well it came out. I came twice. Well just to be sure. I guess the fact machines on your right is my new. Who were we doing with? Well there you go. It only took a herniate of care for to get a change of copy after a month and a half. There you nice gone there. I'm telling. I'll throw it away. What's that? The ultimate doubre. The story. There was not in Tampa. Was here. I guess I. No. And. Yes. I know. I know. I know. This before you forgot. Very briefly. I did. Was he come Tampa. I don't know. You got the story there. I don't have a yet. It's there. I've been dated the secretary that worked with Janet Reno during that entire thing. And if you're asking, wasn't I going to be dating the secretary? The answer is yes. Did you miscertain during the McDuffee Ryan? No no afterwards. And she got the transcribed this particular secretary got the transcribed all of the internal stuff. So she was getting into the main tummy. What dating Janet Reno? Yes. We go way back. Me and Janet. Did you compare notes? Yeah. Yeah. A little shaking. Did she go in? It ate all bag. Arthur McDuffee died in 79. Was an insparamera insurance salesperson in Miami. Florida police caused one of the worst rise in the 80s. Liberty City rise. McDuffee sold insurance. Have been a US Marine military police officer. He had two daughters in front of Mary's former wife and nurse when they said, I have it. I told you if I'm lying you're dying. On December 17th, 1979, they police spotted a police stanzaed his motorcycle. And McDuffee was unarmed. Led them in a high speed chase. I want to sworn it was in Tampa. When he stopped what officers beat him into a coma. When reinforcements arrived, the officers lied. Saying McDuffee had been injured in a crash. Days later he died from his beatings. For officers were indicted in the case three charged with manslaughter. One charge was secondary murder. On May 17th, 1980, and all white jewelry reached the birth of the four officers were not guilty. A riot started in which 18 people died. Property damage estimated $100 million. Of course, you show him. I twisted the memory of history in the fan. I guess I'm going to see you now far. Probably the diabetes to it. Oh yeah, that must be it. Mine might get a lot sharper now that I'm down to 187 man. I haven't given you a number like that in a long time. You're right about that. You're right about that. That's the worst I've weighed in years and years. Mr. I went and I still got a way to go about 27 pounds. Got a fraction of my dying. Who you don't want to hear from anymore? Yes, I don't. With the exact same thing. I don't die in on the hair. You know what? The exact same thing that I just asked you from the pediatrician. Go away, I die in. Get lost. Got out of our face. That's some of that's an inside. Then we should go out of who that was last week. No. I mean, somebody we never get. Somebody we know just like that. Funny. Thanks. I got that day from that law firm. What was it? Cohen. Cohen and Cohen. What was that place? Remember that? No. About the quick talking about the. Our blaming the hurricane for the rating. We're writing the chronic. That was from the concrete. That was what? That was from across the street. I'm sure that. I'm sure that will take a look at their fine numbers during the hurricane. So in other words, if the hurricane doesn't do with it, is that's supposed to mean we had they had no audience during the month of November across the street. Everybody in their audience died. And of course believe me, if you turned on most of those shows, you would too. This is Neil Roger. Roger who you can see us. Case five, sixteen, two, eight, six. Roger's got. Evergreen to famous past been 80's called the Dark O'Neill and it's just full of Earth's every week on national television. Well, now you can. With the phone that had been met yet in school of brands and thought into the Internet, it's ever jammer. I don't know. That's right. In just three short weeks, we'll see you have a family set. We are just. Go on. Just everything just everything. Every time the risk of the Earth and the good thing with that. From what we'll teach you how to stare blindly at the camera and alert out a slurred, rambling and suddenly this Georgia's business. Every time the stance on the moment you open up your mouth, it's just standing there front on my foot. Some of them do your artistry with the pick. So hopefully, you're actually giving me a headache. I didn't touch in the discomfort and embarrassment you'll create for your coworkers. Who was forced to sit next to you and behave as if nothing is wrong. It was a complete, kind of, offset, metting in traffic, things in the wall. Everything just happened to you at all. It was really dangerous to sleep inside. I apologize to my parents. Kind of now for your son. At the Paula Abdul Medley School of Branden thought in Info here at Trevor Jamf. I just think he's thought it could be deadly worst. It's called now 1-800-Giver Jammer. Well, 4-5-5-6-Giver Jammer. I would have sworn that Arthur Marie W. There was from Tampa. There was some kind of a Tampa connection to that story. I'll let you know anything about any amount you want. He probably had hurt of Tampa. No, maybe he went to Bernstein, cause once. That's like the 80 of Hots on the pool, which if we get to 900 by the top of the Or we should be good for a thousand. And don't forget, it's very important because for every boat that we're short of a thousand at the end of each day on the show, for each boat that we're short, Josh gets a dollar subtracted from his monthly paycheck. That's right. So if we have a bad week, it's going to be like, have a minus in front of it. I'm thinking I'll plus maybe. A minus. Well, what happened? We get over it now. Not partly a clearance for charity. He's not a UM fan. He's not Jewish. And he's not part of that little core of the guys that sit around with circle. And, you know, I am a UM fan, but that's beside the point. No, you're not. A UM lot football fan. I am. You like their parchesey team? Huh? How about that UM hockey team? Actually, my enemy of Ohio has got a very good hockey team. You know, that there's a little trivia for you, not the you care. By the way, I think in a hockey, we got guilty of two from the Yentus Center, baby. With Eric Reed talking to his teeth in 330 the heat guy. Eric Reed talks to his teeth. And then we got the mad dog at 4-1260, pants are previous history and they panters host a Washington crappell and Alexander Ovechkin. Don't be cretion if you don't see Ovechkin. He got Bencia tonight. For being a jackass, they're a great player. I don't care what anybody writes. He's great. Alexander Ovechkin, you go to see him. Okay. Well, they're playing the Panthers and the crappell. They must gain seven o'clock tonight. Panthers are on fire, baby. They're smoking it. You go there for that. Sure. And on 1360, Am would got the hurricane warm up with Larry and Jitter Carr Clarence. And, uh, Spastic Joe's a Ganky. On 1360, Am wKAT at 738 o'clock, hurricanes in Measuring and I. T. Any K. I'm 2A with 10. 3A is a bit of joke. It's only station ever worked out where I have to do it like the program line up for two different stations because we're always farming it out. That ought to be our billboard campaign. Farm out. 887, boy, I'm in heaven. We're going to make that 1000 just to show Josh a thing or two. You didn't think we could do it. You're every day, man. I'm telling you, you had your doubts. You've seen me in action do this thing. And force these people, but they want to or not. They don't want to. They don't want to get off their ass and go to the computer and cast a vote on there. You know, just for vote, none of his, uh, what he says pisses me off. That'll level up and keep it over 80%. Because it goes under 80% we're all going to get fired. Because we don't want to piss off or enjoy so get her. Stick her fine finger in with. See, we're dating who we were dating, Jitter. We know his girlfriend. That's right. Wow. Make something up. Figure the better. Well, I didn't understand what you said. The second one. Yeah, the McDuffie. One of thing. Listen, these status where he has a secretary. He'll put the state attorney. Has that, that will which would have been Janet Reno. Passed her for an end is runally. Were dating her? That's right. Yeah. Those kids are hurt. They're mine. They're all we get into trouble getting arrested. There's more of that good old time religion. By the way, that's some of your defending. We're not too happy with that. I don't see how many people, 31 people say they're most pissed off. My comments about religion. Well, you know what? Too bad. Raspberry. A big juicy raspberry. Which of cream on like a God fart to me. It was not a fart. You know, you're just, I tell you, you're one step away from having Joyce come near and beat your ass with a club. I'd love to meet her. Yeah, but you would. I bet you she farts. I bet you she farts. Rancid. Oh, my. Right. You would, you would just swoon like that. You would swoon if you were in a small elevator like the one there at our building. They would help it with gas. And she cuts a nasty nasty elephant team. She would be plastered against the side of the wall. Gasping for an oxygen man. I don't know. That's what I hear. That's what Norma can said. Since he farts up a storm right there at lunch. In the days of the Taliban, this is at religiousism. More on the survey had yesterday. About the agrade probably going to get off the releases going to cause you, converted to the Christianity. And thank God we got rid of the Taliban who were promoting freedom and democracy and Afghanistan and Iraq. A trap for freedom and power. In the days of the Taliban, those promoting Christianity and Afghanistan could be arrested. And those converting from Islam could be tortured and publicly executed. That was supposed to change after the US law forces out to the oppressive fundamentalist regime. But the case of 41-year-old Abdul Rothman has made it. Western nations wondering if Afghanistan is regressing. That's a loop of regretting. Lullion the wrong direction kind of like Iraq. Regressing. Not progressing. Regressing. Like this radio station out of the new regime. Rothman, a father of two, as a resident is on trial for rejecting Islam. The Afghan Constitution, which is based on Sharia or Islamic law, says that apostates can be seen the death penalty. They want to sentence me the death and I accepted Rothman told reporters last week, but I'm not a visitor, not an infidel. Do you like better, Fidel or the infidel? Oh, infidel, please. He had been arrested after telling local police and the approach to the media that he converted to Christianity. Not a good choice, not a good idea, Abdul. Reports say he was carrying a Bible at the time. And even worse idea. Oh my God. He said it converted to Christianity 16 years ago after working with a Christian aid group that assisted refugee youth in neighboring Pakistan. Yesterday, a state prosecutor said, Rothman may be mentally unfit to stand trial. We think he could be mad. He's not a normal person. He doesn't talk like a normal person. The if he quoted prosecutor, Sara, something rather resamoria saying. Senior is amari, careful. Moey, I do in Maluk. Maluk, Maluk, Maluk, yeah, maybe in Ozebi. And religious advice at a president of Karzai said, if he's mentally unfit, definitely Islam has no claim to punish him. He must be forgiven the case of a thief drop. But on the other hand. Oh, wow. Rothman's case raises thorny issues between Afghanistan and its western allies. And US officials this week made certain that Afghan Foreign Minister Abdul Abdulah. Who's in Washington for Taukshizek, and he was Afghan strategic partnership understood their quams. They have quams. They have issues. We have underscored also the Foreign Minister Abdulah. We believe that elements in freedom and worship are important elements of a democracy. US State Department's postman Scotland Comer told reporters to do that. What's that going to start in America? We urge the Afghan government to conduct any legal proceedings in a transparent and fair manner. There we go. Freedom of religion. You stand free to mispeach freedom of religion in America. And now we're sending them all abroad. We're outstoresing jobs, we're outstoresing freedoms too. I mean, we don't have many more, but somebody somewhere might someday. Yeah. Where? Now they're going to have a while and nowhere yet. Maybe an Amsterdam. 894 vote. We'll pass 900 to the power like Josh's sliding down a slippery slope. On a toboggan. 894. The religion one is at well. Let's see. It's right behind politics. 4.1% are pissed off on my Kabat. I come out super. Those are the Bush people. What? What is it going to take? Who did Mo? Huh? My God. What? What are you going to wake up and sniff the pansies already? What is wrong with you people for crying out loud? How long can he get lied to and sold a bill of goods before me or we need that stupid? Get to the auto. That's a new thing. That naive. That gullible. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. That's a new thing. You should really automaticize a hour-ith book who didn't know except for a hour-thick a day after daughter planned to execute parent-aid, she told her everything working on brains to drive the apartment, your parents and guys just drive a facelift there's so much greater comfort they're living. And how did all of our jail writing ? Religion, money and takers and things all of course, but it worked a little bit worse than it got at lunch, And they wouldn't throw days at them with nothing but what? That's a worse than breakfast, a bit grandmothers nothing but it worked a little less than or dull, some money had taken a I'm enjoying what I'm doing until not the instant middle Tennessee State University in Murphy's Bro, where you give a lecture on global warming, one in a series. I'm not planning to be a candidate again. I have reached the stage in my life where I'm willing to say I'll never consider something like this. But I'm not saying that to be coy. I'm just saying that to be honest. I have reached that point. That to be coy you understand. Gore, I Democrat, no less it says here. Lost the electoral votes of George W. Allen, it faced a lesson in 2-0 that. Some Democrats still keep him in mind for another presidential run, and a quite early polls on potential candidates, season not doing so bad. Since his last Gore returns 58 next week, not so old, as occasionally the number of speeches on global warming and other political issues often criticizing Bush policies, including that one ass ripping speech. How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud on the Donald Weekend torture transit. How do you like that? A different must have tickled his fancy then I'd be for me to that speech, but I sound like he was actually awake and alert and animated and motivated. He also co-founded a useless TV network current TV, who started in August. Mostly, if he teaches documentaries by young filmmakers, remember that was for three, the liberal station, the town of Racklack, Fox, and all the other, that was just news we get, no, but it was not. And in canvign in truth, the documentary on Gore's global warming awareness campaign premier this year in canvign in. Like just a whole bunch of, how can you respect that man who stood up there in a Senate, presiding over to Senator's VP? Bang in the gavel on that black car, isn't it? And telling me, should we all f off? Just like that thing with the fat people, the same thing. F off. Sit down, sit down, you out of order and he's bang in the gavel down. I'm telling you, somebody's people I think, I could be wrong. I think somebody's people were made and offered they couldn't refuse. Sure, you think so. After two fixed elections, I have no evidence of it. I have no proof. It's just being these suspicious and paranoid individual lines. We got nine hundred votes by the way. And I was going guys, totally, we could do it. Piece of cake. We'll pass a thousand like George rolling up a big fat one in the hero. Actually, I had a lot of the lowly roller. I had people to do that for me. Oh, holy roger. That's right. Maybe that's what you need for salvation. George needs a holy roger. That's right. Sometimes bring your own past. Big mobile game. Yeah, we have a little patience here. Just like in that great movie that I had you watch. What's up in that movie? I think I'm with Sigourney Weaver. Oh, imaginary heroes. Yeah, where she went in that story first. She went to convenience during the papers. And he gave her that little event cigar and told her to hollow it out and cut it in the hands. Right. He wrote a really big fan. Oh, that's so funny. You should mention that. Just yesterday, I'm sitting behind a pickup truck waiting for a red light coming here as a matter of fact. And the two Jamaican guys sitting in the back on the way to work and one of them was doing just that. He was hollowing out. Yeah, I'm not. I'm rolling up a blunt. Oh, be damned. And I was listening to Reagan music at the time. Well, I hope they're in natural. Oh, I speak out of that. I speak in a little anecdote. And anecdotes for anecdotes. So last time I would buy him plugs in on my machine, man. And they're coming next to me. It would send machine. I was like in and out. Here comes a young black guy. And I'm not real dark black. But I don't know what he was. No wonder why I carry my sky. But I'd say about 30. About 30 minutes. You're a little less. And he sits down. And with a little, he puts in his $20 bill. He gets a spin. 125 bucks. So within seconds. Because all I've told you this all the progressive machines are connected. So very often you get similar spins from different machines to the other very usually. So I got a spin about 30 seconds later. And of course, it's 125. And I felt, because he was talking a little bit. And I felt, I wanted to say, and I almost did. But I didn't say it. Monkey, see, monkey do. Oh, that would have been. Yeah. Meaning me. In other words, yeah, yeah. But in other words, he got to 120 per person. And I got it. And that would have been a little bit more. You see what I'm saying? I got a little bit better. I got a board of embankment boards. And I did. I didn't say it. Without a bad, advanced. It probably could have been this construed. That's when I was afraid of. See, you have to be so careful there. I mean, he didn't seem like the kind of guy. He seemed like he had a good sense of you. And where I mean, he was talking to me. But I just, it's just not have been cool to say that. What? No. So for once or twice of my life, I did the right thing. But you can always say monkey do. No, that's what it smells like the future is down. This is Neil Rogers. This is like, Billy, you should have to please me. So what? New do-oh. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Seriously. Hey, don't worry. We're good at making nice and terrible. Oh, hell. I have to. Oh, I'm a honey. Hey, I need to check your cargo container. Very carefully. Oh. I mean something big. What have you got in there, my friend? Um, I'm quite, actually. Come on, sure. Come on. Come on. Come on. Do my plots, world. When it comes to safe bore preparations, we are coming as you need. Coming soon. Mexican druglords will take over border security. And Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind. Oh, right. What a clock at five six to WQM is to the guilty war. I'm sure we've forgotten. We've forgotten. Panther, hysteria. Are you ready? No. WQM, hello. Mr. Neil. Mr. Neil, when it's time for George, if he got, if he rented a man by the dog and what? No, no, no. Why not? I'm a space cadet. Hey, everybody loves comedians, right? A ledge. And I love large Puerto Rican. Okay, good. Five six seven. Everybody you're a hothead. Five six seven. Oh, maybe I'm Crystal meth. Because that's what they keep telling us on TV. Now is that everybody's doing Crystal meth. I don't know if anybody who's doing it. View? Yeah, like people on TV know what people are doing. Right. Yeah. I know I don't know anyone who's doing it. Other than your annual house. Is it where that has? No, that's just people doing Crystal. Oh. Well, that sure leaves you out. Yes, it does. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Town five. Sixty. What you talk about open enough window. You can grab a Mac truck through it. That was the hell. I've called the setup in the end. Town five. Sixty. No, it's not. We only set up. We got it. Isn't that sales department? Boy. I like to have a setup. I hear it. Good. I think that's the thing. This was the new rage. This is what they were going to like really. We organized and get it with. It's only March 20. A second for crying out loud. Oh, man. What are you people thinking about? I think next time I go to Italy. I'm going to take a box of my pasta along with me. They never do it. They would never do it. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. They would never. How's that doing? Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Yes. Hey. Hey. The reason you remember Tampa is they sent the title to Tampa. That's it. Now you do all what you really wasn't Tampa. That's right. They followed the cops. Not guilty. Right. Since I knew I wasn't completely losing my mind. I knew it was. I had this finger in it somewhere. All right. Thanks. I'm going to tell you about my brain. I knew Tampa was involved in somewhere. The trial was in Tampa. That's right. But it was the result of the trial that pissed everybody off. And Liberty City. And that's why they went out there and did their thing. Man. It was horrendous. And then I remember. And it seems to me. I'm trying to think back to the day. But I was on I and Z. And that's years later. Maybe I'd have nothing to do with that one. Did we have other riots in the 80s? Wait, the 80s? I don't know. I was out of turn. I'm sure we did. I remember when I first went on the I and Z at night. I remember reading some article and assuming they're screaming and couldn't buy a call. I mean, it just couldn't buy a call. Hey Richard was on either four page fast about the McDuffie thing then. Oh, enough with McDuffie already. He's still dead. Okay. And then lead. Let's say being dollars lie. Let's say being insurance sales holes lie. God. What is wrong with these people? I'm so sorry. I brought that up again. Four pages. This is what you needed. And all about how the trial was in Tampa, which we did. The guy's been told to send him about five seconds. Okay. Trial was in Tampa. That was this half of connection. Thank you. God. How many QAM? Hello. Good. QAM. Do you want to suggest something to the pole? No. Patients. Patients. Patients. Comments about Haitians. Patients in general. What's the location? I'm hating guys. Oh, really? Get out. And here go away. Go away. Okay. I don't think Grandia of like James Woods in the back of a garbage truck. And one of them jitties. I hope they put you in Michael, put me on a jittie. Michael, why don't you so boring? Oh, God. He is so pedantic and so boring. Although not as pedantic as well. But that's great. Let's go to the. Let's go to Jack property now. We're here in the situation. We're on the toughest thing about waiting for Lou Dobbs to come on. It's time to go. Oh, of course. You're watching Lou Dobbs. What are you all with? You're you nuts? Yeah. Yeah, Randy Rose on last night. And yeah. And she went to a washroom. Which you there doing. He was there. He was there. He was there. He was there. He was under the whole bunch of other talk show hosts. Yeah. And he almost exclusively only spoke to her. Really? For some reason. Yeah. She was the only chick. Maybe that. I guess. I must have been a re who else was on. I don't know. I can't name another talk. I was like those guys. Last week. I've heard of before. Exactly. That's the same. Yeah. People on the planet. People on the planet. That's good. Now, if you publishes, I'll make a little bit more. Use more of my drop-ins. Did she do to you play? I'm dying on the head. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. No. That's not anything new. 927 votes on the pool. We got a real good shot of that thousand. You people need to lean on that thing on the arighters.com. And take a look at that dream field. It's not a sponsor yet. And probably never will be. But I don't care about that. We're not doing that for the money. For once in my life, we're trying to do this for us. It's spread the news. Well, I've always done that. We're doing it for love, not money. You know, whether it was a Ben and Jerry's a fish food, whether it was a big old bites, whether what I don't know. And usually that's what we got and return was a bite in the ass. Whenever we got nothing, you know. We got the Bokaburgers on the air eventually, remember that? Right? Dreamfield's low car posture. Right above O.J., I mean, right above O.S. On the other side, over to everyone that happens to be at the moment. That's a beautiful likeness of O.J. By the way, two obnoxious murderers, both be filed by anybody with a brain. And, of course, the second one, O.J., admired by certain individuals inside of our QM building. Like I said, I qualified anybody with a brain. Don't mess with O.J. Republican rat starts his year at sinking ship. O.J., the authority of the Bush administration is falling apart in its heartlance as this article by Michael Goende. On theage.com. With almost three years of George Bush's presidency to go, most Republican Congress have one political goal before the mentioned congressional elections in November. The dessert him as fast as they can. The discipline of the first Bush administration is gone. The Republican dominated rubber stamp Congress is no more. Every day another new Republican member Congress, the Thursday Bush's great guy. They love him dearly, but they lost the plot. Sack people, they say, one day it's rummelt. The next day they say it's cheney. A day later it's the whole White House staff. Do something Mr. President, they say. And by the way, they say, we love you dearly, but most of your policies think. Come to think of it. It's all of them. Permimigration where the American Bush wants to follow the country with illegal immigrants from Mexico, cheap labor for his buddies and big business. To the Medicare prescription drugline from America seniors that's out of control in terms of its cost. And which is so complicated that elderly Americans can be seen weeping in pharmacy cameras across the country. Why did they be? No opportunity by Republicans to criticize Bush with a heavy heart of course is missed. When commercial radio shockshock suddenly discovered that the Bush administration had approved the takeover of six American forced by a Dubai company by Arabs, the Republican leaders in Congress were in danger of crossing each other injury as they made the dashboard to TV cameras and microphones to say, in essence, that Bush had lost his marbles. Oh, meanwhile, on that awful movie, God sent with the De Niro. Okay. Okay. Two-base steel balls, about four times the size of the ones that Vogue out was rolling around in K9 mutiny. And just keeps rolling around. I still have no idea what that is. That's such a horrible movie. God sent you and see no I. Please don't. So I'll part of it. Don't. The Democrats mean while are more or less all over the place on every issue, except the European Europe take over these American ports where their outrage was outrageous and frankly racist. The Congress of the World Soul Superpower appears to be an undisciplined rival. On the key issues that Americans are really worried about and Iraq is overwhelming the most important one. Neither Republicans or Democrats in Congress have a clue as what to do. That's a part I agree with. Neither does Bush increase any of the loose in sound of these way down by the relentless bad news from Iraq and the Navy crisis and political missteps that apply this to a contirm. It was in this political environment that the Republican Party said the leadership conference had last week in Memphis. The highlight of the today conference was a straw poll. The 2000 silver Republican Party activist and supporters leading candidates to the party's 2000s presidential nomination. The one candidate who wasn't in Memphis, it was not part of the poll. This former New York City mayor, Rudy Giuliani who in poll after poll to start away the people of the party's nomination in 2008. Most political aimless seem to be, again, what's very characteristic is going to be like an albatross around his neck. And if he gets it, they're going to bring his ass back in the whole thing about that apartment he had in the world trade center and all the dalliances that were going on there and all the phone he blown it for any care of. He's going to be the Monica Lewinsky for Rudy Giuliani. He did what they didn't do anything. 940 votes on that poll. Boy, it's going to be a glorious moment when we get to a thousand Josh can breathe easy. No, he can get us full paycheck. No, can he breathe easy now? I can't. Archbishop, this is in the Guardian, the Brit paper the Guardian. Stop teaching creationism, he says. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has stepped into the controversy between religious fundamentalist and scientist by saying, he doesn't believe that creation isn't the Bible based of kind of the origins of the world should be taught in the schools and Archbishop happens to be. Absolutely correct. And he is a really snappy dresser to you ever see him? No, what a lovely gown. Giving his first wide range interview at Lambeth Palace, the Archbishop was in Fettock. And his criticism of creation isn't being taught in the classroom. As is happening in two city economies funded by the Evangelical Christian Businessman, Sir Peter Vardy and several other schools, Audem Silly asked Brits, give me the Schmits. I think creationism is a kind of category of mistake is if the Bible were theory like other theories. If creationism is presented as a stark alternative theory along other theories, I think there's just been a jarring of categories. My worry is creationism can end up producing the doctrine of creation rather than enhancing it. So, no, we know that the Bible is not that. The Bible is just a bunch of randlings, a primitive dumb superstitions idiotic ignorant people over a period of long, long number of years. Most of whom didn't even know each other. Even A stop is embarrassed by the Bible. The debate of creationism were slightly more sophisticated, offshoot, so-called intelligence design, ID, whichever use that creation is so complex, then an intelligent religious force must have directed it has provoked divisions in Britain, but nothing like the V-Mens or Policization of the debate in the USA. There under the pressure from the religious rights, some states are considering giving ID equal prominence to Darwinism, they generally scientifically accepted the count of the evolution of the species. Most scientists believe that ID is over more than an attempt to smuggle fundamental scrutiny in the science teaching, and of course that happens to be a... Absolutely correct... The rest states from Ohio to California are considering placing ID on the curriculum with President Bush telling reporters last August that both sides ought to be properly taught, so people can understand what the debate is about. I think that's a great idea. I think we ought to have somebody in every classroom telling our kids what a bunch of fairy tales the Bible is. And reading like those first couple of pages of Genesis and the Bunking in about 10 seconds or less, is old stop with science, you know, history, clarity, and clarity. And the lesser light to rule than I've just sung in the cockaboo, and that's what that's all about, okay? Primitive superstitious people wouldn't know their ashram yor elbow. And here we are thousands of years later, and well the good book says, I mean it's just pathetic, makes you want a gag, makes you want a gag, the God squad, dover than sawdust, man, stator than last year's halavah, as dull as a 75-year-old Gillette Blueblade. Let's go back in the razor blade thing, I haven't tried that new file. What is it the quintuple, what do they call it? Gillette? Interesting, the one with the battery in it. Oh, no, it's an other one with a battery? It fits the one with the four blades and then the one in the back. No, no, they got five blades. I got it. You got it? I believe I laid with the battery, man. I wonder where he's using that. I wonder where he's using that. Oh, you're practicing for Duffa. 9.53 on a poll, 9.52 vote. We got 40 minutes, so that's like one minute we'll get us exactly the way 1,000. How do you like the way that turned out, huh? Without having to put undo pressure on this audience, we don't like to do that. 113, the gully war, I've show we got that big passive crap-ro game that I had to mac to win, there'd be at least 5,000 people for that one. It'll be a rollicking place. And then tomorrow in Saturday, two Toronto Admontry all games. I'm sure you're all whipped up about that, aren't you? Oh yeah, wait. This schedule this year is really, I mean, too bad as nobody can talk to about these things. And reach TV. Welcome back to the program, Mike Bropey, Senior Editor for the Hockey News, trying to stick. Can you imagine in South Florida Panthers TV, a channel? Can you imagine that? No. Because I'm trying to tell you, hockey here is not like a sport, it's a sickness. Hey, beach sports, being a sickness is gone mad. They're nothing other than a fruit cake. Inside this in March all this month at beach Ford, they just miss having the record month last month in February, so to find a break that record this month right now. And right now, extended K4-deflant 50s. There was always 249 bucks a month. With 9.95 down plus fees, with a fruit credit in 39 months, please. Man, this in March at beach Ford's mean, you must be mad, not to dig advantage of rebates and discuss up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles. If you're not of the market for new carbon-of-sumpty-wist, send them into beach Ford because if they take delivery this month during the month of March, beach Ford will send you 200 bucks just for sending them in. That money comes from the advertising budget. They will absolutely not affect your friends price. They won't tack it on. So I'm a sound of this once you're event. Beach Ford's madness in March, extended K4-deflant 50s low as 249 a month. This comes in mid-bates up to $10 and 200 dollars in cash just for you for your friend. Corriana in Beach Ford is located two miles east of the Golden Glaze interchange. On 163th Street, West-Dixie Highway, guaranteed. I'll bet you everybody in the world's life on it. You will love your beach Ford experience. This is the meal Rogers. This is 515A. Dup! Log on at w2am.com for Bell South Boots of Seria. Move your picks before the start of each team for your chance to win the grand prize of $1,000 from Bell South at 5152A. I drop my win or congratulations, get a life. Coincidentally, I turn off my 914 France Card. I think I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. What is he exactly? What the hell did we do? Don't be so shy to be out of hiding. I don't want you to be bullied. I don't want you to be bullied. I don't want you to be bullied. Give me the Christmas lights. The Lutheran Rai was she's a boy. She's a boy. I don't care who you are. You're fair. You're the only one that needs to be bullied. Stop with all this madness. You're the only one who needs to be bullied. We should say, bully. I'm only a victim. What are you doing? I'm only a victim. I'm not just bully. Why don't you go back to the festival? I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. I'm going to the festival. You think? I think it's a bag I won't hear in tune. North Korea suggested yesterday a heavy ability to launch a preemptive attack on the US according to the North's official news agency. And as a picture of Kim Jong-il, who looked ahead of the team of America, that is why he was still alive and that thing. A four ministry spokesman said the North had built atomic weapons to counter the US nuclear threat. As we declared our strong revolutionary might put in place all measures to counter-possil the US preemptive strike. The spokesman said according to the Korean Central News Agency, preemptive strike is not the monopoly of the USA. The United States urged North to return to the international nuclear negotiations instead of making a fan to our state man's. Oh, and in other words, Bush did make a inflammatory statement. Like that new policy about the preemptive strikes on anybody we feel like given how he feels in the morning. But other than that, state department spokesman tried to make a statement that the US is no friends to invade or attack North Korea. Yeah. Lastly, the Communist country wanted that ahead of right to launch a preemptive strike, saying it was strengthening its war footing, before a joint South Korea, US motor exercises scheduled for this week. Thank God that we don't support any regimes that like, you know, rogue regimes, right, dictatorships, right, that supply our East, the opposite. We've been all of our, you know, all these things nuclear technology to our countries like North Korea. That would be bad. It's seven months after Katrina, the New York Times spoke to 337 evacuase and found that a majority had depleted their savings and believed that the rest of the nation in politics did watch and then it moved on. It's a lengthy story. It's not our website. I'm sure it is, Josh. Yes, it is. And it's from our story. Ross Dore is one of the best websites. They've changed their format, right? And the new format is just awesome. It means in some of the other ones. Very good. The interview suggested that while blacks and white suffered similar rates of emotional trauma, blacks, poor way, heavy or economic and social burden, no kidding. And even as both groups slound or most said they believe that the rest of the nation and politicians in Washington have moved on. I don't think anybody cares really if said Robert Rodriguez, a similar return to the program, who is returned to his home in a separate room of Terry. Is that medri or material? I don't know how you say that. Er, I hate normal ones. The warms is kind of like a divide of the country that is forget about us. That's right. Like at the bottom of the bull. Like a turret at the bottom of the bull. How you seen New Orleans? I mean, I don't want to see any special after all the tourists they have from Katrina. But it'll all be for Katrina. I always told you that and I'm not going to change that. I don't know. I don't know. Well, don't. Well, I like drug and degenerate. It's drunk. Stumbling around in the street. Yeah, it's just a, I don't know. Just a whole ambiance on it. You can go to Key West with the sun. Okay? Or with tough. Go to Fantasy fan. Oh, you're good. To put you on a shoulder like a papoose. Oh, speaking of babies. This is this is great from the thromor star. How to spot a baby conservative. Okay. Remember the whiny insecure kid in nursery school. The one who always thought everybody was out to get him. It was always running to the teacher with complaints. Chances are he grew up to be a conservative. At least he did it. He was one of 95 kids in the Berkeley area. That social scientists have been tracking for the last 20 years. The confident resilience of a lion kids mostly grew up to be liberals. The study from the urinal of research into personality isn't going to make the UC Berkeley professor A published in A friends on the right. Similar conclusion a few years ago from another academic science, excoriated on right wing blogs, even led to writing where she's on investigation It was research funding. But the results of the, the new results are worth a look. In the 1960s, Jack Block and his wife and fellow professor Jean Block now deceased began tracking more than 100 nursery school kids as part of a general study of personality. The kids personalities were rated at the time by teachers and assistants who had known them for months. There are no reason to think political bias skewed the ratings. Investigate is weren't looking at political orientation back then. Even if they had been, it's unlikely that three and four year olds have had much idea about their political leanings. A few decades later, Block followed up with more surveys looking at personality at this time in politics too. The whiny kids tended to grow up conservative. The whiny kids. A grabber creeper. And turned into rigid young adults who he closelyed the traditional gender rules and were uncomfortable with ambiguity. Like Robert creeper. I don't care who you are, you're fairie. The competent kids do not liberal and we're still hanging loose. Turning, uh, see this something missing here. Oh no. In that bad. Pretty Japanese. Turning Japanese. Similar work by John T. Yostus Stanford in colleagues in 2003, as a three-due political backlash. The researchers reviewed 44 years worth of studies in the psychology conservatism and concluded that people are dogmatic, fearful, and tolerant of ambiguity, and who crave order and structure are more likely to gravitate to conservatism. Critics granted it to conservatives are crazy study and accuse the autism political bias. Well, let's start with that conservatism is our crazy study, huh? Let's start with that conservatism stupid study that we just did. Yost welcomed the new study, saying it learned support to his conclusions, but Jeff Greenberg, a social psychologist at the University of Arizona, who was critical of Yostuddy, was less impressed. Well, what do you expect Arizona? Home of just about every right-winged group in the face of the earth. I found it to be biased. Shady worked for science at best, he said it at a block study. He thinks insecure defensive origin people can easily gravitate to lettering in the old Jesus right-wing ones, as this Jeff Greenberg, of the self-hating tool like Robert Greenberg, no doubt. He suspects that in common in Shana, those kinds of people are likely to become a perfect party members. See, Kamalista. Results do raise some obvious questions. Our nursery school teaches in the conservative heartland, curses with classes filled with little total conservative winers, or does an insecure little boy raised an Idaho or albertist around the back Conservatives turn instead of liberalism? Or did the whiny kids grow conservative along with the majority of their more confident peers, while one of the kids with poor impulse control turned out to be liberal? The grown-up liberal men, on the other hand, with their introspection and recognition of complexity in the world, could be seen as self-indulgent and an ineffectual. I'll agree with the self-indulgent part, it's wrong with that. Whether anyone's feelings are heard or not, they work suggest that personality and emotions play a bigger role in our political meetings than we think. All of us liberal work considered a field as though we've reached our political opinions by carefully weighing the evidence and exercising our best judgment. But it could be that all that careful reasoning is just after the fact self-destification. What if personality forms our political outlook with reason coming along behind rationalizing after the fact? It could be that whom we vote for as less than with our judgments about task policy or free trader health care, and more of the first nowadays we've been stuck with since we were little kids. How do you like that? You're little penny-waste miners, whatever the hell you are? No, exactly. Like I said before, I don't care who you are, you fairly. This is a real rubbish. This is 5.62A. That's the movie. That's the movie. That's the story that's going to go. Oh! This is the movie. This is the movie. This is the movie. What are you going to do about it? You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. That's the truth. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. Nowadays it arened or crazy. I'm editing. Am I? You're crazy. You're crazy. redu yet it looks prettier like a stand up. Jessica, is it true you don't drink milk? Because you can't put your head in the carton? Yeah. Yeah. Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective to find out if you were related to a homeowner and art Simpson? Yes. I don't know what I'm gonna do with her. She's out of control. I love this Ohio, you're on. Yeah, I can sing advertising for me. And I've had a Nick and Jessica 16. Is that really you guys? Definitely. Yeah. We have a clip. Nick and Jessica. Nick and Jessica. Yeah. What are you gonna get a copy of that? In the story, you get it now? Yeah. Okay. And no regrets in deciding to do this. Oh, no, we're so happy. We did it. We did it off on stuff like that. Very gratifying for us. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not normal. One, four, six. I'm not sure that ever happened. Well, 36 vote on the pool. See, we didn't. We'd put on the despair and that good. Yes. I am thrilled and excited. Y'all need the Y'all. I just said it would be too much because I have been in our revolving two to four door, which we have no idea. It's a bow and guilty and a curse and no mole and whatever. It's just an embarrassment. Let me say it again. What's this slogan again? WCWM. The station that took the joy out of light. Yeah. Very good. You wrote it down. No, I did. The station that put the joy in light. And I'll put it in the middle of the living. Yeah. That's us. Nice job, by the way, Fanboy. You're continuing to be like, uh, text, babe. He heard a text, bad boy. He's text, bad boy. Just an idiot. Everybody else, you know, they're going to copy on a, what, what's in a great while anyway. I'm lucky she'd a paper. You're like human beings. Not that boy. He's going to email it to me. If we were basically going to email it, we'd rest. Lose it. Bad boy. Lose it. As if it wasn't already enough controversy over the war in Iraq. Vermont Governor James Douglas found himself in a sticky situation. When his breakfast one morning while visiting Vermont troops in the field last week. His only choice was using fake syrup for this morning. We passed. A photo of the governor's breakfast with members of the Vermont National Garden in Kuwait was one of a series of images sent back to the strip to the middle east. A bottle of pancake syrup stands in the foreground, just like generic pancake syrup. Douglas had to make do with a syrup that a company's military meals, folks from Jason Gibbs said. The syrup was provided by the service that prepares the liver's meals for military personnel and Kuwait Gibbs. The governor was disappointed that it wasn't real Vermont maple syrup. Who's more famous for maple syrup by maple syrup? Canada or Vermont? There's no question. What? It's carrot over there. Oh, you got the leaf on it. We got the maple syrup. We got the maple syrup. We got the maple syrup. To maple everything. They got maple leaf. Cookies and candy. That's a nice little thing. And you know something? It's sad. Even living near Canada then maple or everything. I could live without it. Yeah. And after this season, maybe a little without the maple make beliefs too. The state is joining a second year of operation maple sweetness, which sends Vermont maple Served to members of the military serving overseas. Operation maple sweetness in that sweet? Oh. He's very proud of all the maple producers who are contributing to the operation that we hope about one day might eliminate fakes syrup, ball syrup, the world gives it. Oh, we don't want that fakes syrup. It's kind of like eye hop. You know, you go in and they get all them jugs of different voice and vary in poison vary in your mind. I mean, I'm finding sponsor eye hop with that really great syrup and that. Right. Find them slowly. It's just a lot of different flavors. They've added whatever you like. They got it. Eye hop right over there. Right. The project they collaboration between the state Vermont Served Makers. We are there's another group delivered 500 gallons of syrup. So let's have a look at what Brian Duby who's smoking one right now who worked on the project. This year's organization hopes to double that amount. Duby said appropriately after a Monday spent working on his family's own syrup Operation in Fairfield Vermont. I've never been in Vermont. Have you ever been there? Nope. Josh. I have done. Well, let's take a field trip to Vermont. Let's do it. You pay right. I'd rather go to Anthony. No. You pay right. I'll tell you what. Will a Josh take the beast in Robert and they can go camping together in Vermont? What? They can set up their pup tent. Oh, I'll take the beast in Robert. Can't. That's up in the carolerness. I got a better place. How about Joe Joe? I was thinking, Aintree myself. Plant a little top of the whole thing. I think they're going to be seeing no mole. Or that corn sure is special. Robert. Yale. You idiot. You fairie. Robert cheers. Speaking of Robert. Now there's a Robert we like. Robert here. He's I do. He writes good stuff. Not sure that. But for the LA Times of course. Bush bombs in Cleveland. He writes. And he's writing now. Well, this isn't the smircling champion. But he also has got his own. Is this a blogger? Truth dig. Truth dig dot something, I guess. I don't know. The third anniversary of the beginning of his Iraq catastrophe. President Bush had again dealt in denial. But this time, carefully screened audience at the Cleveland City Club was buying it. We're buying it. Perhaps most on target was an elderly gentleman who said what he said were three main reasons for going to war in Iraq. WMD. Iraq's ties to the 9-loven terrorist. And the alleged purchase of nuclear material from Nichear. And then noted directly that all three of these rationales were not to be false. How do we restore confidence that Americans may have in their leaders? And to be sure that the information that they're not going to use correct the acts of President. How indeed. That's a great question began both by way of dissembling. First, just if I make correct a misperception, I don't think we ever said. At least I know I didn't say that there was a direct connection between 9-loven and Saddam Hussein. Really? So when he said in his May 1st 2003 mission to accomplish speech on the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln, that we've removed an ally of Al Qaeda. He met a different gang with the same name as the one blamed for the attack on the World Trade Center, Twin Powers and Pentagon. It is his way of financing the firm conclusion of the bipartisan 9-loven commission that Hussein was an opponent about Qaeda and never an ally. If that didn't stop Bush from again on Monday and insisting that the Central Front under war on Iraqi, Ontario is Iraq. It is now, I guess. Meanwhile, that old Central Front Wally Afghanistan is now also up Bush reassures 25 Indian people are not free, and Afghanistan is a longer-assave haven for the terrorists he said. Apparently the President missed the direct to the US defense intelligence agency, General Michael Naples, giving testimony to Congress a few weeks ago that Taliban resurgent and not presents a greater threat to the Afghan Central Government's expansion of authority than any point since late 2001. The Taliban can... That's what they were all gone. But they are not sure. They could fight Iraq as useful to Al Qaeda and its silk as a recruiting poster, and this and marry it other ways. The US military continued heavy-handed presence at Iraq strengthens the hands of extremists and demigods who can appeal to latent Iraqi nationalism and Muslim pride. If we seem to have forgotten that terrorists don't really need Iraq as a safe haven for terrorists to plot new attacks against their nation as Bush put it, they're just as likely to be drawn from countries that are normally our allies, just such as the 15 hijackers we could under the nose of the Bush families, sheep friends and Saudi Arabia. Shake your booty. Finally, for old times sake, Bush tried it out as now, hurray excuses for those missing Iraqi WMD. He's so Trump left to give this site for a preemptive war three years ago, again blaming the deception on everyone except himself. Like U.S., they'd very same question, where did we go wrong in intelligence? He'd plaintively respond to his questioner, the truth of the matter is that the whole world thought that Saddam Hussein and weapons of mass destruction. Not so, most of the world thought it best to wait for the one inspectors that on the ground interact to complete their work before answering that question. Those inspectors had filed no search evidence to WMD, and this present knew full well that it would be likely their final conclusion when the order to preemptive invasion. Yet he justified it by referring to the 9-11 attack, warning we cannot wait for the final proof, the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud. On Tuesday, the AP reported that a treasure trove of translations of audio tapes of top-level Iraqi meetings in WMD, who sane, released into request of U.S. representative Peter Hoster, the Republican Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, show that Iraq destroyed its WMD program by 92. Those tapes were obtained soon after the 2003 invasion, yet the Bush administration kept them secret, while continuing to assert that Iraq had an active WMD program. As opposed to ordinary people in this country in the World Bush has access to the same detailed information that deny 11 permission used to conclude that the terrorist acts of 9-11, and others conducted by Al-Qaeda for no relation to Iraq. It's hardly an ad for American democracy that he's been able to operate before the war in his recently as this week, as if the truth will never be allowed to hold him accountable, they'll not include it, which is something that's here about it. This is Neil Rogers! This is 5-16-2-8-Wax-off!