Step on the... let's get down to business. We do not torture, we do not torture, we do not torture, we do not torture, we do not torture. We do not torture! We do not we just didn't let them. Leave do not torture! We still have what happened to each other! We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture unforecer. O our skin! we decide if we're working non question we know what our bodies are. we do not torture, torture, torture torture, torture, peace... we do not torture 나래bay No, we don't do it. We put somebody else up to it. I just looped it. I don't want it five, sixty, WQAM. Happy Monday, September the 11th. I'm not going to get all the modeling and depressed today just because it's the fifth anniversary of 9-11. You know the thing I remember most vividly, not the most important thing, but most vividly about 9-11. I did Tuesday morning. I remember. I know what you're talking about. I come back from vacation on Sunday, work the previous day Monday to 10th, and then Tuesday morning we're sitting there and somebody comes into the studio and yells at us. Playing for one of the world-frets under turn on your TV and of course we're watching some of the morning. Adam's over. We turned over. Was it Adam? Yes, it was. Well, Adam's not with us anymore. But at any rate, I mean, he's so bad. He's a good boy. And anyway, we can overdo it and there it is, you know. It was about, I don't know, I was in 9 o'clock in the morning. They're about to boot. Yeah. And of course we've got the first team on the year. Wow. We had deep me-fo and a little dog and of course that. And that comes down the year and says, we got to talk about sports. What are we going to say about it? We got to talk about sports. And so for an hour while the Twin Towers were crumbling and while a plane allegedly was flying into the Pentagon and a fourth one was allegedly being hijacked in Pennsylvania, dropping in Pennsylvania. We're talking about sports. That's what I remember vividly. Let's get to important stuff. Okay, and by the way, are we cursed down here, guys? First the Hurray Cans lose their big season open at FSU. Hey, will they be in the Bay of You? And then the dolphin, while get to bed, then the dolphins lose to the sea as well after quarterback without Ben Rothy's burger. 28, 17. And you know, and didn't I say, what did I pick for the score? I came. I think I said 35, 17, Pittsburgh. And if they wouldn't have fumbled on one yard line, would they had first and go, am I just a been 35, 17? But the dolphins did get 17, didn't they? If they did, my psychic powers again, a few folks would just follow my lead. You'd be broke. But here's an, and I'm, of course, the Hurray Cans got a chance to play little girl school to just pound the crap out of them. So everybody can feel better about themselves. And Josh's team, they got to listen. I'm nobody to talk after the way the Patriots played yesterday. Look at their very lucky to escape. Did you see that game? I didn't watch it, but I saw the hat. Oh, man. At first half, I wouldn't wish that on Hitler anyway. Police chief was White Post nude quits. Remember we had that story last week? Right. Now you're not really serious. I'm going to come back and do this again tomorrow. Isn't this just a little bit? Yeah, no, no. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, the police chief, the mayor, and councilman in the small town of Snyder, Oklahoma, resigned to the town of Washington. I'm Friday, I'm in an upper over nude photos of the Chiefs 300 pound tattooed wife that she posted on a website. She's a chunky lady. She's not Russian though. I want what that was that is, toast trying to like, uh, is he coming on there to lose our licenses at the idea now? They're going to like fill the up the morning, show again. Oh, I go ever learn. Do they? They just never learn. When it does dirty it up, man, start doing potty muff again. Doesn't the versions of the town of 1500 demanded police chief, Ted Osmond resign. And what if he's kind of down the Osmond? All the responses name OZ, M-U-N, as in the Wizard of Osmond? And the district attorney recommended, I'm sending the investigation, but the city council decided last week, the pictures were protected by the first amendment. What's that? I was something we used to have. I'm Friday, Osmond, Mayor Dale Moore and Councilman Clifford Barnard said they were stepping down because they were fed up with the pubic attention and criticism of the chief. Another council member returned resigned earlier over the council's support of Osmond. Oh, there you go. That's probably the story that's got a lot of reads on our website. I'll tell you that. That's what they care about. That has to do with sex with nudity, with the F-Word, the S-H-Word, anything in decent. They love it. Now, here's George's pull from Friday. You're last pull for a while, unfortunately. You mean I got to come up with a pull for tomorrow now? I mean, the one for today was easy because it's 9-11, you know? Oh, you're neither flight 351 as they've heard of the Dallas today. You see it because of the fact that these talking hidden that we're doing all this revisiting 9-11 readups crap. So it's almost impossible until what's real of what's memorable. Cargo hold, but it didn't correspond to any name on the pass. No, yeah, they found a blackberry on it. What was it? United their lines, which I never fly them anyway. They were flying from Atlanta to the frisco and they were diverted to Dallas because somebody found a blackberry that was there. And also a sack, unasco. What's your take on the Kenny and Bowl morning show? Had 1598 votes, not bad. I haven't heard it's 385. That doesn't vote very well. I don't have like a big billboard campaign now. We went on all kinds of TV and newspaper response. Haven't heard it's 385. Who are Kenny and Bowl 303? So right there is 44% of our gigantic audience. Like who's Kenny and Bowl does our new morning show guys get with it? Give it a shot. They're getting real filthy now. Nike is stingray pierced me. Art 266 people said that is George once again try to find a little bit of amusement in the middle of the race. So I was my vote. Was it really? What did I have? What's all the live vote for? I don't remember what I voted. I didn't know I had to buy voted for something until get time a week 111. It's okay. Okay, 109. It's pretty good 104. See, you put so many choices. So I know. Bring back Mohara David. He's a 79. It's a 75. It's an improvement 43. Bring back Hank Goldberg 38. It's great 36. I like Bowl but not Kenny 28. It's only good when they're not talking about sports 26 when that's a level. I don't know. I like Kenny but not Bowl 22. Well, they're warm up to Kenny. And it's only good when they're talking about sports only three. And of course, we know who they were. There was a clearance and Robert Creeper and the beast. Yeah. Yeah. They said they're only good when talking about sports. Everybody else said enough for the sports crap already. Will you please? And Kelly would say we got to talk about sports. But I don't know what we're going to say about this building's falling down. That was a QM contribution on 911. Other than the fact that they stuck me on early, what was it? According to 10 they finally decided we'll get away from this sports crap. They're about and I just potted up. I think we were supposed to vote on ABC because that was our news partner. But they were doing a whole Lace's job. They horrendous really bad job. And so I think I've potted up NBC. Well, whatever it was. I mean, what they were we going to say about it, right? Had nothing to do with sports. Right. Here's an interesting poll before we get to our pool for today. It's kind of similar. But it's on MSNBC and they're like over 20,000 responses. Wait, can you hear this? This is a internet nationwide poll MSNBC. Do you believe any 911 conspiracy theories that indicate that the U.S. government was involved? Yes, I believe there's evidence. 55%. No, that's ridiculous. 33% and I'm not sure 12%. 12%. How do you like that? 55% of over 20,000 responses to the MSNBC poll say, I believe there's evidence. There was a conspiracy. But 911. Of course the ANC was involved. That's our poll. Now, last night the CBC, too bad you can't all be in a hooked up to the CBC. 912. They showed a special documentary with the young guys that started that created that loose change. And this, too bad, there's a real cheesy movie called loose change. Why do they have to pick that name? I know. Huh? The way the documentary loose change about 911 and all the questions and conspiracy theories. And they showed parts of it and they interviewed the guys, etc. Then at 1012 they showed them will be why we fight. Which I was shocked two hours and of course they'd be seeing what it showed that and still that. Right when propaganda. Yeah. I still haven't lost it. So that's that sense of humor. I did, I did print out this story from the Scotland Sunday Harold. But I guess probably would be too controversial to go into what we don't want to do. That five Israelis we're seeing filming is Jetliner's probably Twin Towers and 911, 2001. This isn't, I hope this focus. I mean this is, uh, verified. Remember that? I remember very briefly and at the beginning they said that there were like Arab, Arabists on rooftops dancing. They were dancing in the streets with the Martha and the Van Dellers in KC. Remember that? Yep. They were dancing in Kizatsky. I sure hope they weren't playing any musical over dancing because the station in Samaga just got shot off the year because they were playing love songs. We'll get to that. Maybe we won't. Well, there's your president by the way, as he's doing this 24 hour photo up now, just the crawling in it. He had breakfast with the New York City firefighters this morning. They're just loving him, man. Hey, that, man. What have got 802? I think we'll make a fast today. What do you think? 911. Oh yeah. Who do you believe was responsible for the 911 attacks? That's our full question. Not our prestigious website, Neil Rogers.com. Al Qaeda, 280. The British Cheney crowd 276. She hadn't have room on her to want to put on her like, uh, all the New York cons in the Pearl Project for New York. Yeah. Right. And Cheney and Rumsco. So I just said the British Cheney crowd Richard Pearl, 276. Saudi Arabia, 95. Well, you know, that's kind of logical because 15 to 19 alleged hijackers were alleged Saudi Arabia in those citizens, right? Right. Saudi Arabia. Those ragheads, 95. Well, never know, 93. I have no idea, 33. Sadah Hussein, 17. 17 people still say it's Sadah Hussein. Even though it was recently his yesterday, your vice president in between lies with the Tim Russet on me to press, even he admitted again that he had nothing to do with that. 11. They keep saying that. They'll be like saying, who won the game yesterday? The Baltimore or Tampa? I hate to pick that one. Sorry, Jeff. Let me pick a different game. Which man in one of the game last night? Not a better one. Did the Cold Swin or the Giants? I fell asleep. I was hoping for a little. Actually, I mean, turned to Cold Swinning. Yeah. When I went to sleep was pretty weak. It was boring. Sadah Hussein, 17. And I hate this pool only eight. And it would be like, you know, it's like, it's Monday. And you're saying, well, what day of the week is it Monday? Okay. Well, it's Wednesday. You know, there's always been a percentage of idiots out there. No matter, don't confuse us with the facts. Don't confuse us with a truth. We can't handle the truth or much emotional cripples. And what does this have to do with the Surrey? With baby Surrey, right? Yeah. Surrey about that. That's the Surrey with the fringe on top. Does there anybody out there beside me and chicken egg? Older doctor, remember that song? Thank God. The feast name. So the best challenge to the day of this meal, right? For 24, 15, 16. You ain't in. How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America to the mud of Sadah Hussein, for their privilege. I've regard the faith. I've regard the faith. I've regard the faith. You need to listen. That we're lacking with the whole. Yeah. They've provided their lives. I will give you five of those. All right. You say, you say, you're so warm. We get it. Now they have all they want. They... They don't want. Don't worry about it. She's gone. We got it. I love it. I hope they can say. You got it. But you didn't know it. I just don't know what you got. I just don't know what you got. Oh. You say, you're so warm. You say, you're so warm. You say, you're so warm. You say, you're so warm. You say, you're so warm. And you didn't go look a little home. I'll be coming to you. You're doing the things. What they say and they say. Like before the world falls apart. I'll be there for you. I'll stay with you. I'll stay with you. I'll stay with you. And stay with you. So beautiful. All we are, that children. We got it. Oh, we got it. We got it. Oh, we should try it. We've got it. We've got it. We've got it. We've got it. We got it. We've got it. If you get it. We'll never be back to normal after 911. Now 70% higher than ever before. We'll never be with the same again. Great. I do like that. Maybe that has less to do with the terrorist attacks that has to do with our government. But nevertheless, I don't want to start getting cynical about your government, about your president and your vice president and your liars and chief. I don't know. Maybe you want to prop me to read a little bit of the Sunday hero thing from Scotland's award-winning independence paper. No, I don't. I don't. I've heard that to say. So, there you go, being anti-Somantic again, man. You just want to pick out it because it's anti-Israel. I hope I can take this line 9 call. Q.I.M. Q.I.M. I don't tell me this now. I'm trying out. What do we need to try now? No, it's not. Oh, there it is. Q.I.M. Yes. Go back. Yeah. I'm back. I'm back. Tell you. This thing is not working with you. Why? What do you mean there I go on with doing anything different than I'm supposed to be doing anything with Zimras up. That's not a good start. Let me just check the line check. Oh, that sounds a little lame. That sounds sick. So, it's really sick. We got a six phone bank, man. Anyway, five Israeli who are seeing filming as JetLine is plugged into the Twin Towers and 9.11 2001. Were they part of a massive spiring, which Shadow the 9.11 High-Jekkers knew that I'll cut up a day devastating terrorist attack on the US. Neal McCay investigates. He must be related to. No, God. There was ruin and terror in Manhattan, but over the Hudson River New Jersey, a handful of men were dancing. I think the tip of it was that we're dancing because Zomsky, Arabies don't dance to cover. Remember when we first heard that story in the subsequent arrest, we were convinced that they were Arabs. And that's right. The last we heard of that story. Well, that's because there were someites. They were Middle Eastern looking guy. Right. Of course, someites. The world trades in our burned and croupled, defy men celebrated and filmed. The worst atrocity ever committed on American soil is it played out before their eyes. Who do you think they were? Dominions, Saudis, Iraqis, even, Al-Qaeda surely wrong in all counts. How do you like that? They were Israelis. And at least two of them were Israeli intelligence agents working for the most side, the equivalent of MI six of a CIA. They're discovering an arrest that morning as a matter of indisputable fact to those who have investigated just what the Israelis were up to that day. The case raises one dreadful possibility. That Israeli intelligence have been shadowing the Al-Qaeda hijackers as they move from the Middle East to Europe and to America where they trained his pilots. And prepared a suicide bomb the symbolic heart of the USA and the motive to bind America and blood and mutual suffering to the Israeli cause. After the attacks on the European wars in the former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, BB Netanyahu, BB Brain, a miserable right-wing piece of turd, was asked what the terrorist strikes with mean for the US Israeli relations he said. It's very good. Then, he quickly corrected himself adding, well, it's not good, but it will generate immediate sympathy for Israel from our Americans. If Israel's closest ally felt the collective pain of massibid indecent at the hands of terrorists, then Israel would have an unbreakable bond with the world's only hyperpower and an effective freehand in dealing with the Palestinian terrorists who had been murdering its innocent civilians as the second-interfotted ragged on throughout 2001. Not to mention going back into lesbian on again, but we don't want to get them back. By the way, Wolf Let's create nice marshmallow toss there with kind of lazy yesterday. You've phony bastard you. You ape-packed phony. It's not surprising that the New Jersey Housewife who first spotted the five Israelis and their white van wants to preserve her anonymity. She values her life. She's insisted that she only be identified as Maria. A neighbouring, a neighbouring her apartment building, it just called her after the first right on the Twin Towers, Maria grabbed a pair of innoculars and like millions across the world, watched the horror of that day unfold. As she gazed at the burning tower, she noticed a group of men kneeling on the roof of a white van in her parking lot. Here's her recollection. They seemed to be taking a movie. They were like happy and they didn't look shocked to me. I thought it was strange, she said. Maria jotted down the van's registration called the police. The FBI was alerted and soon there was a nationwide, all-points bulletin put out for the operation of the van and its occupants. The cops traced the number, establishing a belong to a company called Urban Moving. Police chief John Schmidt, he said, we got an alert to be on the lookout for a white Chevy fan with New Jersey registration and writing on the side. Three individuals were seen celebrating a Liberty State Park after the impact. They said these people were jumping up and down. They even had ants in their pants. Yeah, maybe they had some kind of sexually transmitted disease. A 4 pm on the afternoon of night, 11 of Ant was spotted near New Jersey's giant stadium, a squad car pulled over and inside were five men in their 20s. They were hustled out of the car with guns level that their heads in handcuffed. In the car, now watch her listen to this very careful little side. They'll... Might as well get everybody really... Get the wheels moving baby. Get a feet off believe in conspiracy. You just make some up. At least it'll get your brain flowing a little bit. Although I guess that's not supposed to have any... You can't take the fluids in your brain on a plane? No. That's brain on your brain. Ever that expression? Brain, brain? In the car was $4700 in cash, a couple of foreign passports and a pair of box cutters, they concealed Stanley, knife-type blades and same as used by the 19 high jackers who flowed jetliners in the world's red center and Pentagon just hours before. Huh? What did I say? Oh, you beat me to it. Sorry, my finger was nice fast. There were also fresh pictures of the man standing with the smoldering records of the Twin Powers in the background. One image showed a hand flickering a lighter in front of the devastated buildings like a fan at a pop concert. The driver of the van, then told the arresting officers, we are Israeli. We are not your problem. Your problems are our problems. The Palestinians are the problem. His name was Sivian Khritsburg. The other four passengers were his brother Paul, Yeran Schuyl, Ode and Elner and Omar Marmarie. The men were dragged off the prison and transferred out of custody of the FBI, scum of the division of the hands of the foreign counterintelligence section, the bureau's anti-SP and I squad. A warrant was issued for a search of the urban moving premises in Wee Hawkins, the jersey boxes of papers and computers removed. The FBI questioned the firm's Israeli owner, Dom Otto Suter, but when agents returned to the interview a few days later, he was gone. An employee of urban moving set as co-workers said laughed about the man-hatt in the text of the day that they happened. I was in tears of man said, the guys were joking and that bothered me. These guys were like, now, America knows what we go through. They were like that. They were having a party. Of course. Can I read that line about the buscups? Good idea. I don't believe that. In the car was $4700 in cash, a couple of foreign transports and a pair of buscups, they can steal Stanley Night type blades, same as the ones used by the 19 high jackers, who flunged their lines of the world freight center and Pentagon just hours before. That must be a coincidence. It's almost worth a year. No driver hour, box cutters near car. I do. I have three. Never leave home without at least two or three. Because you may never know any of my monoslicephap box. All right, I got a box cut right here. That kind. Starts slice to cheap kind. That's what OJ says. I was going to have something to slice. 868 votes on the pool. Who do you believe was responsible? And by the way, see a few people would have spent some time useful. You either watch ABC last night, even though you can't give it on your dish instead of watching that ABC abortion. I got the, and too bad it was not a weekend, Josh, because I noticed you got that story right on there. That was how I got you those stories real quick on whatever day that was you did. You're welcome. That was great. Good job. Both of us. But unfortunately, it was on a Sunday. So not nearly as many of you read the article by Max Blumenthal, discovered the secret right wing network behind ABC's 911 deception as garbage. This right wing propaganda piece. Four hours of right wing propaganda that they put on last night again tonight. Did I watch one second of it? No, I watch any of it tonight. Oh, no. Why would you want to watch that when you got football on plus than I discovered those ABC things running? Right? Why would anybody in their right mind want to watch that crap? 870 votes. And by the way, the football game last night pounded the crap out of that propaganda in the ratings. Be better than two to one. Indie one, by the way. Have you heard? Indie half of this one. I know that. Like I did that. What did I say before? Did I say they lost? No, we didn't really know. I said, I knew. Okay. Well, you didn't vote. In the 2016 21, that's right. You looked it up. I did not look it up. I watched a game on and off in between the other stuff. What are you talking about when we went to break? I said, I fell asleep. I don't know. In my head said, you didn't listen. I think it was a terrible game. And it wasn't the only thing that was good. It got close to the end of the giant set of couple of chances. But I got news for a man. Eli and comment. Eight hundred and seventy votes, who do you believe was responsible for man? Other than saying, I'll say, nothing Eli, he's not as ugly as his brother. Anyway, oh my god. And he doesn't have the same fight as dance. Be very, very play. I don't know. No wonder you fell asleep. Probably a conscious decision. I might get an nervous stomach watching a sandy Peyton man in play. I can't stand it. Airmen airmen sing a lot of offensive playments. Same thing. Of course, you ain't out there during the defense. But never let you know what I'm saying. Yeah. With a lot of a whole thing. And he's pointing. And he's dancing. He's one of those dancing Israelis when you come right down to it. Stop and think about it. But we don't have time for the poor right now. The 50's day. We got a big fix to tell. If the 50's this will be your Rogers force radio 560. You ain't. She was a famous officer. He was a terrorist, a mastermind. Determined, just smuggled, the critics' skill to the blow. I'm going hard. The B-notten guard. Oh, wait. You'll always be number one in my heart. Even if you're wife, 20, 10. Oh, someone ain't got a word. We've found two different worlds. We can make you do our good. Come down to the table. And you'll be my latest video. We can hang out. That way, everyone. And the boomer. The boomer. The big spewies. The last year. And the big cheery. I can't allow somebody who inflict pain and suffering on. It doesn't people. Hey. You ought to go on your own. You're ready to exhale. I'm doing impossible. Everything you turn into, a big arm blower. Be a good set blower. Yes. Yes. That's why I can't get you to say that. The boomer. The boomer. Because you know, these are the most special, when you're 100, my special forces. With me, you'll love my no-video. I call it the Hating Bobby Brown. And I'm crazy. And in it's something we got all these new videos. How we had to have been live in video. And we were plotting 9-11. And we had the Alzabahiria that's I'm in the time. Some amazing video. I'm amazing. Oh, my goodness. This amazing. Just like the one that came out the weekend before the presidential election in 2004. But nevertheless. And you notice I'm in the time. Did you see that video where he's sitting in front of a bookshelf. Oh, he's books on it. No. Didn't you see that? No. Who's up in the morning? I can probably the public library in New York or somewhere. I don't know. 890s. We've got some pool. We'll make that 1,000 maybe by a very soon. Robert Scheer says there are gaping holes in the 9-11 narrative. That's what he said. That's so little bit correction. Anyway, I'll get to that max illuminating in a minute. I think we ought to put that under again. Would that be bad, Josh? Yeah, that'd be bad. Oh, what? It's too long. You remember that, huh? It's not that long. It's only 100 pages. Obviously. No, no. We'll reset it. We'll reset it. No, we'll not do it. It's not what he means. We send it. Return to send it. And I'm not going to do that. That would be bad. We don't do reruns. We don't do instant replays. It's on there from Sunday if you want to read it fine. If not, just watch Rudy Giuliani on there. Fah-ah-fah-fah-fah-fah-fah-fah-d did I do a great job? Fah-ah-fah-fah-fah-fah-fah-ah-ah-and my ex wife is a bitch. Fah-fah-fah-fah-fah-di on that stuff. Gaping holes in the 9-11 narrative by Robert Scheer. What we still don't know about 9-11 could kill us by we. I mean, the public has been kept in the dark for five years, by a president who may know the truth that has chosen to ignore it. Instead of grappling with the thorny origins of that disaster, George Bush willfully turn the nations attention and resources to a totally unrelated disastrous imperial adventure in Iraq. Just how unrelated was definitively established last Friday, when he belated release of the Senate and Towson's committee's second report, which concluded that there was not only zero connection between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda, but that Iraq was the one country in the region where Osama bin Laden could not operate. I guess Tim Rushard must have missed that report. As he was taught some softballs at your Vice President yesterday morning on ETHA Press. That was pathetic. Let's go on Tim. Hope you have a nice lunch with your Vice President, ETHA's neighbor, you know. It was down the street. Unfortunately that was not true of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, the two countries that had recognized, otherwise supported the Taliban government, that hosted been laundering the run-up to 9.11. 15 of the 19 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia, and yet there's been no serious investigation in the extended royal family's rule and the recruitment of bin Laden soldiers, and the East would look to stay secure legal visas to enter the USA. Well, funds for Al Qaeda emanated from the Saudi Kingdom and the essential logistical support of Al Qaeda came from Pakistan. Now five years later, bin Laden and the remnants of his organization are assumed by the US to a found refuge in Pakistan's unruly travel region where the Pakistani government recently has reduced its forces, considering that it could not defeat local tribes in sympathetic to the Taliban. Nor has there been any credible accounting of the role of Pakistan's intelligence community, the ISI, then and now in support of Islamic terrorist on both sides of the Pakistan Afghan border, or in the passenger Pakistan's nuclear secrets to a bush-referenced west rogue nations. We call that the prominent and predominant excuse for invading Iraq was the claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons and mass destruction, and would be willing to pass them on to rogue regimes and terrorist. Now, we're not going to research weapons not found, but the evidence from the accounts of the former administration and senators and the Senate intelligence committee makes clear that the administration was consciously cherry-picking the evidence to sure up its fraudulent case. Their war weapons and mass destruction being shipped to rogue nations, but they were coming from Pakistan and an extensive program headed by Abdul Khaidir Khan, the father of the Islamic bomb. The Pakistan government submitted a contest on to North Korea, Libya, and Iran, technical know how environmental materials for the creation of nuclear weapons. The Khan was part of any crimes about Pakistan's dictator General President-Purvert Musharraf. Khan is restricting only by a loose form of house arrest and has never been made available to US investigators. Yet, the Bush administration dropped the sanctions originally imposed on Pakistan and reprisal for its development of nuclear weapons, and returned for Pakistan's support in the so-called war on terror. As for Afghanistan, the Taliban is on the rise. NATO commanders last week, originally requested more troops in the countries now turned by the energy of a narco-state that supply 92 percent of the world's heroin market, and generating massive profits for gangsters and terrorists alike. The country is now as dangerous for American soldiers as Iraq, and Canadian soldiers to a, despite this sorry record in the Black and Southwest Asia, and a creation of a clagmar and recruiting poster for terrorism and Iraq, Bush once again arrogantly asserts that his policies have made a safer, even as he's undermined our domestic freedoms in mock the US commitment to international law, especially considering the treatment of prisoners. Last week, Bush finally considered that there were indeed secret CIA prisons when finally announcing that the group of key witnesses to the 9-11 disaster would be moved to Guantanamo, and for once afforded visits from the red cross in minimal legal representation. Some of them have been interrogated in secret for up to five years, with the Bush administration left as the stolen interpreter of what they revealed. After five years of official receipt, it isn't too difficult to believe that the isolation of those prisoners were done less for reasons of learning the truth about 9-11, and more than effort to politically manage the narrative release of the public. I'm going to read that paragraph again. Please, after five years of official receipt, it's not too difficult to believe that the isolation of those prisoners was done less for reasons of learning the truth about 9-11, and more than effort to politically manage the narrative release of the public. There is glaring evidence that the latter was the case. The 9-11 Commission Report complains that this claim or box on page 146, in which it's stated that the reports are kind of what happened on 9-11 was in considerable measure, based on what those key witnesses allegedly told interrogators, and that the commissioners were not allowed to meet the witnesses or their interrogators. We submitted questions for use in the interrogations, but had no control over whether when or how questions of a particular interest would be asked. They said, nor were we allowed to talk to the interrogators so we could better judge the credibility of the detainees and clarify ambiguities in the reporting. In short, the most cited source that we have in what happened on 9-11, the much celebrated 9-11 Commission Report, was staged managed by the Bush administration, just as it's controlled and destroyed as so much other information. And light of that survey record of the Prophecendistic Explosation of the 9-11 tragedy for partisan political purpose is that any wonder that large numbers of Americans have doubts about all of it, and that a considerable industry of documentaries and investigated reports is sprung up with alternative theories ranging from the possible 2B absurd. The most absurd being that there really were no planes that there were just there was a holography, whatever you call it, holography, holography. There were no planes, corned of these loon and loon. Yeah, see the lunatic, for instance, comes up with the bizarre and the absurd theories. There are the ones that like this credit everybody else. And it was like like a hook-held JFK and some of you said the dog done it, yeah. Oh, there's your, uh, you were, was about to blow. Yeah, there's your guy code guy. Oh man, so now that we play one of those guy code things. 912 votes on the poll, holy moly, we're often run in baby, we're back to our regular schedule, George did a fabulous job in summer. That's what he told me. And that was you said? I swarmed through it, I think. He says it shows where fabulous the calls were sent, say he was a little Josh said that it was just the most sensational, that's a little more. I haven't had a motor tummer, top notch. Top notch, I don't know, I tell you like that. Or his time crews would say top, gun, that's time. You're very, the biggest name. So the best challenge for the business is the real rock race. Where's what you say about the way we do? Hey, hey, hey. BuzzBuzz doesn't care about black people. Yo, okay, it's that in the house. And I just shot at the soda, it's the inside. It's Charons You Roll. I've played the loser dude who's totally lazy and nobody likes. We always hang around and get lost, take a sugar one at, oh. And I'm also remitting the theme song. Check it. My name is Bedaran. Yo, you could call me Cavebed. I'm all see as I, and I ain't even dead. The number one show. I know you all with me. Yo, I got this job with no help. From Britt Me. Yo, 2006 Bederation Reckers. I'm going to tell you where to ask you for this. Or maybe even Tony. See his eye drops. Thursdays is nine. Who's K-Fed up? Is he a town or what? Is he looking? Oh. He's just trying to stay credit in a variety of ways. I'm going to say trash. I'm not a progerist all the Trailer trash. 1046. Let's take a look at that. What we in line up today is the first day of the rest of our lives. Baby, we have the man dog at two. Right. But the power hour when they both take a shower, Hank came to the man dog together for to five. Then the Humphor from five to six through to your loan. Another hour and a half show man. See, I told him he'd be happy or being back in the afternoon. But I thought he's got an hour and a half solo. Marlon's on deck at six, 30. What about those Marlon's man? I can't believe it. Just went a look at it like they run the precipice of disaster and he took the last two of that series and split it. Not bad, huh? Yeah? Not bad at all. Marlon said the mess. And they actually had a crowd for one game. They were given away hands or something like that. But I'm going to tell you. Oh my goodness. Some of those games that were to thousand people there. What did this grace, what an embarrassment, what a bushling place. Marlon's in the mess at the P.P. Park 705 and I'd an education follows that. So this is like the first day of our like real schedule. It only took them like what? Ten of months, ten months. Nine months, whatever it is. To get there act in an inn, and who knows if they got there right together. Max Lumonthal says, discover the secret right wing network behind ABC's 911 in the section about this ridiculous horrible piece of propaganda called Path of 911. Less than 72 hours before ABC's Depath and I'm level of schedule to air, the network suddenly came under siege. On Tuesday, ABC was forced to concede that the path to 911 is a dramatization out of documentary that told me separately and then seems to depict former president Bill Clinton handling his handling of the out kind of threat. Now ABC claims to be editing those false sequins what they did in some of it. To satisfy critics of the show from Goal wants. He doesn't written before last night. Even if it still remains a gross distortion of history. And as it does so, ABC advances the illusion that the deceptive nature of the Path of 911 is an honest mistake committed by hardworking, but admittedly fumbling team of well-intentioned Hollywood professionals about nothing less than a winter-tender America. But this is another big lie. Oh, no, something I got to take a drink already. In fact, the Path of 911 is produced and promoted by a well-honed, propaganda operation consisting of a network of little-owned right wingers working from within Hollywood to counter-its supposedly liberal bias. This is the network within the ABC network. In Scott Fathers far-right activist David Horowitz, who has worked for more than a decade to establish a right-wing presence in Hollywood. And to discreet mainstream film and TV production. On this project, he's working with a secret of Evangelical religious right group, founded by the Path of 911's director David Cunningham, that proclaims his school to transform Hollywood in line with its Messianic vision. Before the Path of 911 enter the production stage, Disney ABC contacted David Cunningham as the film's director. Cunningham is no ordinary Hollywood journeyman. He in fact is the center of Lauren Cunningham, founder of the right-wing evangelical group youth with a mission, Y-O-A-W-A-M-Y-M. The young Cunningham helped found an auxiliary vis-a-vis group called the film Institute TFI, which, according to its mission statement, is dedicated to a godly transformation and revolution to and through the film and television industry. As part of TFI's long-term strategy, Cunningham helped place interns from youth of the mission and film industry jobs, so they can begin to impact and transform Hollywood from the inside out according to a Y-O-W-A-M report. Last June, Cunningham's TFI announced it was producing its first film, mysteriously titled Untadled History Project. TFI's first project is a doozy, a newsletter to Y-O-Wam members read, simply being referred to as the Untadled History Project, it's already been called the television of the decade, and now one second has been put to film yet, talk about great expectations. A web edition of the newsletter was mysteriously deleted yesterday, but has been cashed on Google at the link above. Then you can click on the link. I was a survey at Sonday. The following month on July 28th, the New York Post reported that ABC was coming on many series under a shroud of secrecy about the 911 attacks, at the moment ABC officials are calling the many series, Untadled Commission Report, and the producers refer to what as the Untadled History Project, the post-noted. Early on, Cunningham had recruited the young Iranian-American screenwriter named Cyrus Norris to write the script in a secretive Untadled film. Not only is Norris the Nascobon conservative, he's also a frigate member of the emerging network of right-wing people growing into the film industry, but I'll tell you a sectarian protocol on religious agendas like Cunningham. Norris is conservatism was on display when he appeared as a featured speaker at the Liberty Film Festival, and any will have unfounded in 2004 to premiere and promote conservative theme films, supposedly two politically incorrect, again, acceptance that mainstream film festivals. This June, while the path to an island with being filmed, LFF foundres Govindini Murdi, and Jason Appuso, both friends of Norris did not say they were partnering with the right-wing activist David Horowitz. Indeed, the 2006 LFF has listed as a program of the David Horowitz Freedom Center. Since the inauguration of Bill Clinton in 1992, Horowitz's Labor to create a network of politically active conservatives in Hollywood, his Hollywood-ness centers around his Wednesday Morning Club, a weekly meet-and-greet session for a left-post conservatives that's been raised with speeches by the likes of Newt King, which ripped through Davis Hanson and Christopher Hitchens. The group's headquarters are at the offices of Horowitz's Center for the Study of the Popular Culture of Stank Bank World for years with millions by right-wing sugarnet and he's like eccentric far-right billionaire, Richard Melon's Steaf. Steaf financed the Arkansas Project, a $2.3 million dirty trick operation that included paying sources for negative stories about Bill Clinton that all turned out to be false. With the LFF now under Horowitz's control, his political machine began dreaming of support for cutting him and Norris' untitled project, which finally was revealed and made some ors the path to 911. Horowitz's PR blitz began with an August 16 interview with Norris' son, his front-page mad website. In the interview, Norris' 4 shadowed the films of salt on Clinton's record and fighting terror, the 911 report details the Clinton administration's response to lack of response to Al Qaeda and how this in boldened in line to keep attacking American industry, Norris' control front-page mags, Jamie Glass' author simply was no response nothing. A week later, ABC hosted LFF co-founder Murdy and several other conservative operatives and an advanced screening of the path to 911. Here, and this I think you probably already know, but this has just had everything one eight while ABC provided 900 DVDs of the film to conservatives, put the administration officials on a objective reviewers from mainstream outlets where denied the copies. Not that there was any agenda here you were in the course of any slant, right? They want to be like fox, her and balanced. Murdy returned with a glowing review for front-page mag that emphasized the film's part as a nature. The path to 911 is one of the best most intelligent, most pro-murdered, and many series have ever seen on TV and conservatives should support it and promote it as vigorously as possible, Murdy wrote. As a result of the special access granted by ABC, Murdy's articles first published the first published review of the path to 911 preceding those by the New York Times nearly times by more than a week. Murdy followed her review with a blast email to conservative of such as Liberty Post and Free Republic on September 1 urging their readers to throw their weight behind ABC's mini-series. Please do everything you can to spread a word about this excellent mini-series Murdy wrote so that the path to 911 gets the highest ratings possible when it airs on September 10th and 11th. Let me say it again the football game might not be the one more than two to one. If this show gets huge ratings, the ABC will be more likely to produce pro-American movies and TV shows in the future. Murdy's efforts were supported by a Puzzo who handles LFF's heavily-traffed blog Libritos. A Puzzo was instrumental in marketing the path to 911 of conservatives writing in a blog post on September 2th. Make no mistake about what this film does among other things. It places the question to become administration's cup of ability for the 911 facts for our consider, grab out a service Norrisa and David Cunningham for creating this gritty, stylish, and gripping piece of entertainment. Oh, it's a piece all right. When a group of leading set of Democrats and a letter to ABC CEO Robert I, urging the cancel the path to 911 because of its luring, factual errors and distortions, a Puzzo lost David Tallya to her campaign to paint the Democrats' foes of free speech. Here at Libritos, we urge the public to make noise over this and to demand the Democrats back down he wrote on September 7th. What's his stake? He's not sure to the first amendment. I guess the first amendment didn't count when CBS cancelled a Reagan many series because of Republican and Republican members of his great-grand-a. At front page, Mag, Horowitz single dot Norrisa as the victim. The attacks by former President Bill Clinton from a Clinton administration official's Democratic U.S. senators on service Norrisa's ABC many series the path to 911 are easily the greatest and most brazen and damaging government attacks on the civil liberties of ordinary Americans since 911 Horowitz declared. While this network claims its success and posture, this is the true victims. The ABC Network suffers a PR catastrophe. It's almost as though it was complacent about an attack on its reputation by a band of political terrorists. How do you like that? That's the real story behind the story of why that piece of turtis on there. It's quite of all the alcohol in this story. It's all the money. That's right. As soon as you get Richard Melon's escape, as soon as then they'll pop up. That tells you everything in the U.S. Bozan. That's it. It's better than that. 967 votes all ready. We got a shot on the thousand. Holy cow, during the show. During the next hour. I think I returned today on the anniversary of 911 just in time to save the world, don't you. It is just in time. Time roll. Oh, you know, I went out and bought a bunch of really good books yesterday. All of them, you know, on these lines. Sure. Well, they're in by Greg Pulaskin. You never get, I better go on the other room and get it during the break. So I can read it accurately. How they always put on the back jacket of every book. There are some blurbs from people with glowing reviews of the book. It's going to be like, guess who one of the people is quoted on there and saying what a great book it is by Greg Pulaskin. Huh. And that's something she's gone far. With my material. The feast name. So this is the Rogers Force Radio 560. This is the Neil Rogers. So that's the Neil ID WQM I'm here for a lot of Neil. I don't think so. Any questions? Let's take it. And cold blood can't but found. But on the TV and the radio. But she writes really on next night's dance. There we have a great body on notes on all this cool. Well, she made those with her. I met her. But with the main things that she was said. But some body just breath at this. Sapper upset her head. Oh, oh, oh. What a pitiful food. I want to hear no more about it. I just wish somebody would shut her up. Well, if and like she saw a tough fight. But why don't we find out? But what a random room. But the Rosalio Donald and she was one cause of fun. Oh, the school. But Rosalio would move. Let's make hands make a little longer. I give in her and up a petal to the job. Or maybe just a good kick and a little mess with help by done it. Love it. Oh, two at five, 60, W, two at six. The W, M, it's Monday, September 11. We don't want to get too modeling today. We're talking head number. We're warming it tomorrow. Uh, nonstop. You know, I mean, you know, so there are people want to commemorate people at the lost loved ones and stuff like that. I don't be words to men. Right. That's right. Of course not. But everybody else. Just a nonstop photo op again for the right way in lunatics. Anyway, you're like this pool, although part of it is very depressing at the end. The percentage of Americans who blamed the Bush administration for nine Levitatax on the American Washington has risen for almost a third to almost half over the past four years of rain you see an in full release just now says. Ask whether they blamed the Bush administration for the attacks. 45% said either a great deal or a moderate amount up from 32% of June 2002 pool. But the Clinton didn't get off lightly either. The latest pool conducted by opinion research corp procedure found that 41% of respondents blamed the administration a great deal or a moderate amount for the attacks. That's only slightly less than the 45% of blame the administration and a pool carried out less than a week after the attacks. Still, most Americans appear to be fatalistic with more than half, 57% saying that they think that terrorists will always find a way to launch attacks no matter what the US government does. But it like that. 57% say it don't make no difference. But by the way, that was Saturday, nine, nine that that's served was on the way just way to about the truth behind the this piece of crap this propaganda from ABC. Also, speak of that. Referring to the controversial docket ram of path to 911 democratic national committee chairman Howard Dean called an ABC Disney to reveal who funded this $40 million slander was propaganda piece in a DNC press release. It is deeply disappointing that ABC would put something on there that's been proven to have factual inaccuracies about one of the most important events in our nation's history said Dean and a press release ABC should not air this distortion of history. Path to 911 writer producer Cyrus Norris has tied to an evangelical Christian group he said, whose goals include transforming Hollywood from the inside out. Path directed David Cuttingham is also involved in the film Institute in the Hawaii Base Global Evangelical Group Youth with a Mission. The fact that the writer producer of the piece is a well-known conservative race as a visual concerns and questions said how we Dean, the American people deserve to know who funded this $40 million slander was propaganda piece of TURD. Use it to public your waves is a privilege conferred upon broadcasts in the public interest Dean continue. It comes with responsibility American people and responsibility to the truth. That's what how we Dean said. Anybody here who I'm saying at all now. Any other notice? I have been noticing with great interest now that all the talking head show is a lot of people who have been following. I've been seeing all the talking head shows including the ones on a weekend. If they have like a panel of people like if there's tree it has to be two right wingers to one liberal. Right. It's part of the police. Right, the balance of that. 98 on the pool man, that's not that. Now here's the four books that I went I got really I don't know whipped up an intensive with this stuff maybe it's cause of the anniversary of 911. Think so. The first book and I know that everybody maybe I can be like the opera of the student intellectual crowd. These six to the intellectuals and stuff. I'm going to go rushing right out and buy these books not. Amy and David Goodman, post of democracy now. Static government liars, media cheerleaders and the people who fight back. That's one. Two state of war, the secret history of the CIA and the Bushman is raising by James Ryzen as in the crushed as Ryzen. American theocracy by Kevin Phillips of parallel politics of radical religion oil and borrowed money in the 21st century Kevin Phillips and the other one one of our favorite writers create a great palace. Armored manhouse who's afraid of a sound of wolf, China floats bush sinks the scheme to steal away and no child's left behind. And other dispatches from the front lines of the class war and on the back praise for great palace John Perkins, the year times best selling author talks about it's gripping provocative etc. No one chance he says upsets all the right people. Melissa Rossi says with his high intensity search line, newshounds knows, the last is returned relentlessly putting the investigative back into journalism and guess who else is listed up along with no one chance he ran the road to the top investigative journalist in America and the funniest. Isn't that enough to make you plums? I mean when you think of Randy Rose, don't you think of no one chance he? I can't say what I can't say what I think what I think. It's serious now. You know what I think of when I think of Randy Rose? Hi. This is Jim. Love you. Love you. I think of you. But he said it was multicolored. Yeah. I think of chairs. Wanna take a Randy? I used to turn that again. Yeah, I'm starting that again. You turned the whole group. You go girl. You go to the white side. Yeah, you can't. We met a thousand two votes. It's just early after 11 o'clock. Can you believe that? I believe it. That is shocking. What a development man. Thank God I'm back. Not. This is a bunch of crap. Now you tell me I got to come up with a pool. How about if George is the pulls all along. Oh yeah. What's your favorite actually? Every day. Or just what? What? I got one there. Here's the pool. Why? That's good one. You like that? Because they're stupid. That's my choice. Oh. Why 100? Can't you walk or probably not like that? What? Don't be paned. You are a Kenny in the apology. I do. Taking that pool so fast after they just ran a couple of weeks. Now, but you're analyzing them. That's where I was my idea. Sorry, I'm a bastard. But what we know that. Bush cut an ally about the 911 World Trade Center attacks. Oh no. Can you believe that? Aaron, I'm seeing in December 4, 2001 Bush's town hall meeting question. One thing Mr. President is that you have no idea how much you've done for this country. Another thing is how did you feel when you heard about the terrorist attack? Bush. Well, thank you, Jordan. Well, Jordan, you're not going to believe both state hours in when I heard about the terrorist attack. I was in Florida. And my chief of staff Andy Card actually I was in a classroom talking about a reading program that works. And I was sitting outside the classroom waiting to go in. And I saw an airplane hit the tower. The TV was obviously on. And I used to fly myself. And I said, that's one terrible pilot. And I said, it must have been a horrible accident. But I was whisked off of there. I didn't have much time to think about it. And I was sitting in the classroom and Andy Card. My chief of was sitting over here walked in and said, a second plane is said to tower Murphy's under attack. There's a problem with the above statement. Well, there's another one too. He says, I was sitting there. My chief of staff. Well, first of all, when we walked into the classroom, I had seen this plane flying to the first building. There was a TV set on. There's a problem with these statements. There wasn't a live video coverage of the first plane hitting the tower. Didn't surface until after the second plane had hit. The Washington Times article states he didn't see the impact at the school. He couldn't assume it. The president entering a holding room at the school picked up a secure telephone to speak with National Security Advisor, Condon, please arrest it. The one house she was sitting in her office that banked that she is probably wearing a Pansuit. Watching live coverage of the Strykin northern towers at Belfs blacksmiths. There's one terrible pilot Mr. Bush muttered. Turning to Mr. Cardi, speculated that the pilot must have suffered a heart attack. Mr. Bush, who I'd yet to see the TV images, drafted a statement pledging federal assistance. And this is confirmed by Book of Elementary School Press, when we're gentlemen, propaganda matrix posting. I had the opportunity to talk with Principal Grand Ragella, book of elementary school for about 20 minutes. I asked you if in fact the president had been watching the events of 9, 11, on full on TV before when the classroom and she told me absolutely not. There was no TV in the corridor anywhere near that classroom. Even though Bush is not a very good pilot, he was taken off light status for failure to take a medical exam, which included a drug test. Why would the president want not to take a... It would be silly to assume that a passenger jet hitting the world trade center and clear whether which pilot airs, especially since warnings and surfers of hijack commercial aircraft, attacking symbols of American culture. U.S. and Israeli intelligence agencies received warning signals in July 2001. The Middle East and terrorists were playing the hijack commercial aircraft to use his weapons to attack important symbols of American and Israeli culture. If we iron information indicated patterns as suspicious activity in this country consistent with preparations for hijackings of other types of attacks, including recent surveillance of federal buildings in New York. If Bush really did see an airplane on TV hitting the world trade center, then he saw the aircraft was under control at the time, and he saw it before arriving at the book of elementary, because he was on route to the school when the first plane struck world trade center one, a close circuit live feed to his limo, as the only way could have seen this impact on TV. Do you hear that? No, said again. Each of us will remember the moment when the news came, where we were and what we were doing. Bush said, and I'm also also remember that even after Andrew Cardan formed Bush of a second impact, by his own admission, Bush knew America was being attacked, but he continued listening to the reading skills of a classroom full of children for seven minutes. We wanted to see how the book went on. He didn't want to spoil the end, he needed closure. Thousands and eleven, back home, thousands and eleven of boats on a pool. Man, this is something, at least we're off and running now. We're off to the races. I think we got to lead in now. I think the man dog and the hump are back where there ought to be. And thank God everyone took eight months for this new crew. We got there, the new man's new crew to finally get their little something going. They may not be the best, but they sure are the slowest. QA and hello. Bush, I'm over now. Yes, sir. And they need to get some like mock hammer, they need to get some real criminals like that and lock them up. Problem at its patent, I see what I'm saying. They're sitting. FHZ on his way to buy all four of those most right now. The biggest name. So the best talent. The biggest one is right. Your Roger S. Force, radio 560. QA and... God, I appreciate my good luck. He is a real guy co-customer, not a paid celebrity. So to help tell her story, we hired a natural celebrity. Mr. Mel Gibson. I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family. When I accidentally hit a cow. Oh, there was a whole stain cow. Hey, whole stain sounds Jewish. I called Geico expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me. You know, something Jewish cows cause most of the actions in the world. Geico got my claim in the works right away. And I was actually able to enjoy dinner. And the main course was ham. Bazaar ham, baby. You know, my father always told me not to trust anyone. He doesn't need ham. Geico. He's a real service, real savings, real insane celebrity. As they say in Spain, John Monot. 118 and 560. They treat a lot of a pig over there, you know? Where? In Spain, do they? All right. Oh, you write over. When I tell you this, the day about the pig's ears is like a real low. He's trying to know what? I have to give it a shot. How do you know what it tastes like? I don't know what in your mouth. What I'm saying. Anyway, KPM Crowel Gable says, check the Naples Daily News online website. It says, the front page picture of an angle of a new West flag tattooed either on a breast or a butt. Back to them. Difficult to tell because they amount of cleavage that shown. Oh, I see. P.S. religious beliefs need to be entered. These poor was the root cause and then a little bit of a no actually was not. Well, I said, if you were doing okay and sitting after that. You must be to put religion on there. You were doing all right. Now it's kind of, you know, all religion is the world's number one tax exempt business. I never less. I can't tell you people, listen to diversion from all of the other perversion. Do not go on those cruise ships. Have I tried time to that? You have. For years and you're listening to it over and over again. Well, if you've had your life, a 3070 year old pass you're on a cruise ship was reported missing overboard as the line of cruise from Mexico to the port of Miami over the weekend. The coast starts this today. The woman who was not immediately identified but is from Minnesota was last seen and void the imagination around 130 this morning. The coast guard was alerted about the man overboard report. I see, it's generic. Sex is basic about the woman overboard report around 90 this morning when the imagination tied up in Miami. The ship's last port of call in Mexico was planned. El Carmen on the UK 10 peninsula. First of all, anybody dem it up to go on a cruise. Well, plus they went to Mexico. The 252 pasture imagination is operated by carnival cruise line out of Miami and specializes in 458 trips to the western Caribbean according to the company's website. Carnival cruise lines. That couldn't be slipping them a Mickey could it? Oh my god. There is one of the most evil people who ever came down to pike from one of the most evil families that ever disgraced the south of it. And of course everybody wanted to keep going to championship. Yeah. Big deal. When you're a little tiny, uh, Julio Mayor slipped everybody a Mickey man and they built that silly astribulite. Or we said it was a sad day. And of course now that some marlins are having this phenomenal interest in their tremendous late season rush and they're back to a game over 500. How far they'd be behind the poprase, by the way, John? Two and a half. Really? Poprase one again yesterday? Yeah, they're top of the worst San Francisco giants. See, that game was on HD last night and somehow I missed it. So about one pitch. It's hard to turn anything off this and HD. The one problem is that the football game was on HD. Yeah. I mean, if you've got to choose between watching NFL game of any interest at all and a baseball game, what are you going to watch? Um, I'm going to watch the football game. I do think baseball looks better in HD though. No, no, no, no. I don't debate that. Everything, every life of that looks better in HD. No, no, no, no. I don't know. I think it looks better than football. Although I'm not going to watch baseball over football. I'm just saying no. No way. But you fell asleep during the game last night. Now I don't feel so bad about network. Oh, that wasn't a really, you know, for the longest time was six nothing. And then it was like six three. I don't want to go through the whole thing because you didn't see it. I watched a lot of it. I think you said you fell asleep during the first half. I saw the first half. I think it's cool to one. Okay, Sandy Peyton Manning won again. He makes me ill. I get violently ill when I see him. Doug Thompson. We thought he disappeared there. I cappled hillboot on a calm. I said to Georgia, I said, I got a Doug Thompson article. Leave it. Holy moly. You couldn't believe it. Could you? I could not. I did an audio double take. Yeah. Was that before after Joe Belkin and they're saying, hi, hi, everybody. Do you know something he's now. Now that we got what it was his name. Hi, how are you? I think he can think until that's fun. Probably can't feel a pass. But let's get to say, no, let's get away. It goes back to Phil. But nevertheless, oh, there's those buildings on fire again. They're over and over 9, 11 coverage on edited and uncensored. Watch today free on CNN.com. I'll pass thank you. Remember very vividly after the first 85 million times they showed it to us. Doug Thompson writes, the real access of evil at the Storodomiraco. He better watch himself. They're going to throw him back and then get low. He's going to get molded any of the bargain for. Five years after the 9-loading terrorist attacks, the USA lies beaten, battered, and defeated. Not find any of extremists who lie in caves in Afghanistan, but by its own government and leaders who sold out their nation for power and politics. The America that exists today is a far cry from the one that woke up on the morning of 9-11, 2001. It is a running corpse of a nation eaten out by a cancer of power, greed and corruption. Osama bin Laden and his millions didn't destroy America when hijacked their line and extended the world trade center. Towers the Pentagon on an empty field. They simply provided the spark to ignite nothing less than the coup to take over the US government. A coup staged by a group of traitorous men and women who swore to uphold the Constitution, but instead said about to dismantle that hallowed document. And destroyed the freedoms that once defied a great nation. George W. Bush did chained it on the Rumsalde Conno-Lisa Rice and also controlled Congress and support postions actions, Service co-conspirator in this coup. The one-strait USA is now despised around the world as an international bully, a threat to world peace far greater than Islamic militants or communist dictators. American either deserves nor gets respect. It lost all chance for any respect when a liar named Bush used manufactured evidence to launch an illegal invasion of a sovereign nation. It lost all chance for respect when a slither sanctioned torture of prisoners abuse of freedoms and spying on its own citizens. A nation that doesn't practice democracy at home can't acclaim to export it to other nations, a government that lies to its own people cannot expect respect or support. George W. Bush is a liar, a war-monger and a murderer, drenched in the blood of every American soldier in Iraqi civilian, whose diet in his warlons with falsified evidence and Trump that rationales. But as well through some of those lesbian easing there too. While we're at it. And as we take a moment today to one of the memories of those who died in New York, Washington, the men empty field in Pennsylvania, let's also take time to point to figure a blame at the real enemy or freedom of peace, a mad man named Bush, and the mad men and women who follow him. Had Bush and his administration acted promptly and warnings that an attack on USO was coming and coming soon, we might not have needed to remember this day in history. Perhaps this sums the gist, he wanted the attacks to occur in order to justify his war in Iraq. Others believe he and the government played a role. After six years of watching this man in action, I'm no longer predisposed to dismiss any suspicion about him or his actions. In his George W. Bush who represents the real evil of threatened America, he is a vile, heartless man who deserves nothing but contempt, and one who should be left from the White House in shackles and try to as a traitor. Then we should turn him over to the international court so it can be tried as the mass murderer he is, the greatest threat and modern times to freedom in this world. What does that move you on? Others complicit in the Bush, Obama must be brought to justice as well, vice president Cheney, defense secretary of Rumsfield, and secretary of state rise along with leadership of Congress. This is no longer just a case of voting bad leaders out of office. These men and women are despots who are sold out to their country and my must face swift brutal justice as traders. It is often asked how we can honor these men and women who died in 9-11. We can do so by restoring the country that died along with them. We can do it by restoring honor to a nation that has lost its lost it because the duplicitous trade risk government that abandoned its principles, its morality and its values. We can do it by restoring the real America and punishing those who are ultimately responsible a corrupt presidential administration in Congress of co-conspirators who use the national nightmare for political benefit and a way to seize absolute control of a shell shock nation. Now by she's back at hiding again and of course you didn't even mention the two stolen lessons. Or the third one coming up with death and then the fourth one in 2008. Thousands and 50 votes on Ed Paul, baby. How do you like that? Each or hard out got us. Maybe we can start calling her, nom time scheme junior. Huh? Carpet, Tomski, junior? Yeah, they look a little bit alike. I haven't seen nom. He's in Alaska. 26 past 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. Is it time to express and we're at a lastman hurricane preparations? Well the hurricane shut about lead manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now they provide you expert installation too. And we're right smack dead, of course, in the middle of hurricane season. Call of a 9.5.4. 237. 70 83. They feature roll downs accordions in panels. Just up there hurricane shut about lead test to make even install the shutters for you. Call 9.5.4. 237. 70 83 right now and get on your way to top mass protection. The hurricane shut about lead family owned and operated license and shared and Dave Rourd and Palm Beach County approved. They stuck all sizes of clear public carbon at hurricane panels and women and panels. Cut to your specifications and ready for pickup or delivery. The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted to. If you tell them that Neil sense you buy a hundred dollars off a minimum order of 350 square feet. So be sure mentioned that the old fact told you to call. The hurricane shut about lead call 9.5.4. 237. 70 83. Or on the wicked web. Just log on to hurricane shutter outlet.com. You might mention my name is Rice Master Gary. This season on survivor. The Jewish tribe and the Arab tribe. See what happens when Tidian and Rashid get into a fight during the water challenge. Stop the bombs. Stop the bombs. Go to the bombs. See what happens when Simon and Therese get into a fight during the mountain challenge. And in the season finale when they try to vote off Tomar and Humad. The tribe has spoken. You're both gone. Stop the bombs. Go to the bombs. Go to the bombs. The Arab tribe and the Jewish tribe unsurvivaled this season. There will be any surprise alliances because they both use bombs. But what's the episode with Yitzhok and Machmood went out and going to be a... ...a season finale. 1065, 165, it's man the sky's delivered today. We're often running. Although I think an hour and a half is more than enough to give me a back and practice. Federal authorities never understand Francisco Bound United Airlines jetted Dallas. They precautionary secure. Not that word jumpy you understand. You don't understand that, right? Federal authorities never today San Francisco Bound United Airlines jetted Dallas. They precautionary security measures today after finding an unclamed blackberry on board. I might have been yours. You might be the one I lost an Amsterdam. Maybe it's just making Bound St. from one plane or another. Making the rounds round the world. Officials have also found a removed an unidentified backpack from the jet before it left Atlanta. San TSA spoke from in the U.L. and the clerk. He described the jet in the flight 351. His secure said it was delivered in Dallas out of an abundance of caution. The aircraft is secure. He said there was no indication that the handheld computer the blackberry was being used as an exclusive device or trigger. Now, trigger is flying on another plane. The flight was delivered on the fifth anniversary of the Land of Interior attacks. The authorities decided not to send military fighter aircraft to escort the jet as the routine during an emergency. While they didn't bother sending them on 911, so why should they send them today, right? In 2001. The passengers were to be re-screened by security personnel according to officials that they had no right in Colorado Springs, which monitors U.S. airspace. More coming. I'm sure, right? Right. I am much more coming later. Ralph Holhard. Let's see, this is from the smirkling chip. Oh, this is too long to be known. This one is long, but it's very important. So, that's the question. Should I do it? Do it. It's too long. No, it's not. It's about the people, the project for the New American Century. I need to know about them. The real road to 911, the evil doers. Don't have time for this one right now. I actually do. I do. I don't want to sit here and do this every day for four hours, five days a week. One day was enough. Was it one day just Wednesdays? Yeah, that's it. Isn't that the way we were doing it? Every other Wednesday during the winter and the fall. Yeah, you can have a summer fall, what is spring? Thousands and 72 boats on the pool. So how each of your heart outs CNN? What have they got about four million? Who do you believe was responsible for the 911 attacks? And of course, we know that you're highly educated in the air and that because you're listening to this show. And you get somebody to get a million. What's really going on in the world as opposed to it? And by the way, oh, you know what I wanted to play? Come back into that break. Where did you want to play? The media is sick and they've stopped at me. The media is sick and they've stopped at me. The media is sick and they've stopped at me. Hey, man. Nice going, Tammy. I wonder if she's got as much mascara on as a Katy Kirk. I don't want to say no more by the way. Give her two hours and at the end. No more. She's just, I mean, is this fish out of water, baby? She is so unqualified to be doing that. She is so weak, so weak. She hasn't, like I said, keep, I don't know what other word to you. She has no presence, no delivery, you know? And then they show the clip on that why we fight. There's a clip on there of Dan Rather. And you see him sitting here. He looks like he belongs to you. And nobody like his politics or not. Nobody like anything else about him. He looks like he's a news guy. You know what I mean? Brian Williams, he's standing there. He's a news guy with a funny face and silly teeth. He's a news guy. But he's standing there where all they all make up on, and where they hair burst over when I had to cover up the black eye. And she couldn't read the save her life, man. President, do you sign to me? She's almost as weak as read across the, although at least in a comic way, Rita is a little bit humorous, you know? She's so bad, and she can't speak. And at least she's a little bit amusing, you know? But Katie, correct as a news anchor. Yeah, I think anchor is the right word, all right? What does an anchor do to a ship? Anchors it. He brings it for really? Yeah, Bob, man. She is the anchor with a canker. I'm going to pass on this arrow. I'll push it back in my. I got a pile here, I could, I could see here if I had the energy. If I wasn't a little far, I could sit here and just rambled through these for hours for days, for months. It's almost enough to make me want to come back tomorrow. Oh, continue with your anti-Somantic agenda. Yeah. Poisonous clouds of pollution spread after Israeli air strike. The lesbianies minister says damage was deliberate causing an even bigger disaster than the war itself. This was in a grid independent, okay? This isn't some paranoid lunatic website. They're all anti-Somites. Well too bad. More people will die as a result, and this is by their environment, and they're by the way. Just like the QM environment, and do you know what we have on? Oh yeah. More people will die as a result of pollution, which by Israel's bombing of Lebanon and territory in the month-long war itself. The Lebanese government believes? Yacht-Cube Seraph, its environmentalist minister, speaking exclusively independent yesterday, said last week that a highly-poisonous cloud could spread over a third of the country, an area that is home to half of its people from a fire in a bomb fuel tank that burned for 12 days. The same bombing released about four million gallons of oil in the sea, the largest ever-school in the eastern Mediterranean. He says that the environmental damage was deliberately caused. Experts say that if this is so, it would constitute a war crime in a breach of both each Geneva convention and the statute of the International Criminal Court. Israel retorts that any such suggestion is very ridiculous, not just ridiculous, but very ridiculous. The damage began July 13 when Israeli rockets hit a fuel storage tank at the G-A-Power Station 18 miles south of Beirut. The government managed to repair the damage in preventable oil spill, but two days later he continued, the rockets returned. Not merely hitting the same unit again, just 25 meters from the sea, the same power station, a fairly damaging, it's protective Burma, concrete earth barrier, is not to stop any oil spowing from the tank from reaching the Mediterranean. Isn't that Burmew up? Well, it was an important military authority. It was definitely deliberative, he said they didn't hit the power station just a few of storage and this was the tank that was closest to the sea. He expects the greatest catastrophe from the toxic cloud that was blown by the prevailing wind over Beirut and a third of the country. It contains high levels of poisonous lead in mercury and highly dangerous PCBs, he be saying. Not only have we been breathing this for a month, but all the agricultural producers have been submitted to do. By the way, did you see the thing about the EPA and about the Western and it used to be the head of the EPA? Well, when then a Whitman? No. From La New Jersey? No. Former head of the EPA and about how the Bush administration pressured the EPA and then not releasing the truth about the dangers of the environment after the World Trade Center bombings after 9-11. Didn't you see that? No. Well, I see that. Tell us about it. I just got through it. I just got through it. Oh, yeah, don't throw that truth because it's bad. It's bad for business. A lot of people won't be going to work and then it's bad for the business people. See anything that's bad for business. It all starts with a B, baby, Bush, baschards, a bitch and business is all the same. It's a bitch. I'm not a bunch of crap. Some of the things don't begin with being a B, they begin with their sage. Osama bin Laden is deputy and by the way, I hate to break the news to the people that the US day or not, they associate a press, but also a P, whoever. And that is that I'm in the prime and also why they've dropped an eye from the spelling of his name. I don't want to nitpick because no one cares about these rags. I don't know. They used to spell it all. Thanks. Z, A, W, A, H, I, Al's, why, hear me. Now they've gotten to the first I is come out. Probably belongs to Sammy Davis. Well, who cares about that? Right now you nitpick and like somebody cares about those rags. It means Osama bin Laden's deputy warned that the person, his real country's would be Al-Qaeda's next targets and forces they new video tape by her broadcast your Al's is zero today on the fifth anniversary of 9.11. This poisoned them conveniently. And he's sitting in a very nice studio in front of a bunch of bookshelves and stuff. Looks like he's very comfortable. Got lots of air conditioning. Eating some halava. I'm in the prime and also accused the government of Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia, supporting Israel's war against Hezbollah and Lebanon. Addressing the West, the Al-Qaeda number two. And by the way, nice job of getting him and Osama. W, remember he wasn't thinking too much about Osama. I think about him. We mentioned 17 times. One of those exaggerations. You should not waste your time in reinforcing your troops in Iraq and Afghanistan because their fate is doomed that if he said instead you have to reinforce your troops in two regions. First is the Gulf where you'll be thrown out and the second is Israel. The film was the latest in the Fourier of Al-Qaeda videos released in the University of Italy, but unlike the others, it appeared to be new with references to Israel's Department of Lesbian on the summer and the capture of Israeli soldiers by his Belan Palestinian militants in Gaza. Now, where's the thing about the show? The video shows the Egyptian born Al-Zohar, he dressed in white and seated in front of a wall of bookshelves with a big screen TV. And I think he had one of those wrong co-vegetionatics in there too, if I'm not mistaken. Any? Hmm. Wonder who they're roasting at it. And now that's the, what do they call it? What do they call it, oven? The road to three? Now, don't start into with ovens, okay? First you pick it on Israel, then you start with ovens. We all see where you're going with this. Oh, where? Because, oh, how do you open it? The customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Do you want a Parliament light? Repeat. Do you want a Parliament light? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Do you want a Parliament light? Repeat. Do you want a Parliament light? At least one. Parliament. Customer. No. Neither one of those is the Parliament light. Great. No, easy, easy. No, it's not that one. You want a Parliament light? Yes. I want the Parliament lights, please. Easy, don't you? No. The Parliament light. Did you? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Turn this leaf over for language tape number seven. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. Oh, right. Okay. 13 to 5 or 60 WCM. We got a 1099. Fill it out. Send it in. Probably it's going to be 1100 by the time you refer. Wait, did you hear this? This is very depressing. So you want to keep getting to that thing about the real road to 911 on or of today, 911? And I can't do it because it is always important stuff coming in. Good. For example, finding an acceptable level of technology, Amage and minis build shared shacks for phone booths. Well, good for them. They got a phone shack right. And then after they make their call on the going shack up, Wait a minute, what happened? I had 1098. It was a premature evacuation. I said 1099, I lied. Sorry. Now I said 99. They're pouring in man, what in time? More Americans are back in the religious groups and previously thought that many others would have ties to congregations. Still believe in God or a higher power. According to a broad survey of faith in America released today. This is from USA today today. The study also found that most additional Christians reject the label evangelical preferring to describe themselves as Bible believing or born again. I would describe them as Crazy, all of them, no matter what you know, you name it, they're all crazy. The survey was conducted by the Baylor University Sociology Department in the Baylor Institute for Studies of Religion. As the first in the series of the spiritual life of Americans, what does that mean? I've been asking that for a month. What is the spiritual life? That's a buzzword. People use it when they don't want to use the word religious or a linnatic. Yes. How about Getsky? So, like the word spiritual itself. Yes, yes. Research has found that only 10.8% of Americans have no ties to the world. They're not tied up. Denomination or faith group. Let's see. That's where this kind of a poll is. It's a good example of how misleading they are. Whatever you want to make of you know, right. Because it would be like somebody saying, Are you Jewish and I would say yes. So, what does that mean? Does that mean like a member of a denomination or a faith group? Huh? They would put me down as a Jew boy. Do you think? What do you know about it? Pinguish surveys have put the figure as 14% overlooking about 10 million people involved in some form of organized religion. Like, maybe that's somebody walked under a the missile toe and Christmas time or somebody who like walked down the hallway pass somebody. Let him in as a dozen of them there. Doorframe. All you there see or all or some have some connection. Other surveys have also overlooked millions of evangelicals because we've spotted so belong to non-denominational groups or non-negatures. What happened on the report today at Notre Dame? I'm sorry. And we're wrongly counted as unaffolated. Megaturge. See the whole term non-denominational when you hear someone say that that means that they are the cookeyist kind of Christian. Oh, the most fanatical kind. No, I thought the most fanatical kind was like the Mel Gibson kind. Right? Well, that's all part of it. I'm talking about the bone again, Bible pumping, tongues speaking, falling away. You see what you do. You don't have to lie. You're right. It's all a matter of degree. It's a matter of degree. And as you look, if you watch, look on the travel channels. I enjoyed it on PBS because it's an HD. I mean, even Joshy is some of those, but I doubt it. I love that. But you see an army, of course, I've been there many of these cities. And every city in Europe of any size has got a big old. What's the biggest building in town, George? The church. That's it. You got a baby. A big old church. Like you take the train from Amsterdam to Kalon, which I love Kalon's German. It's a beautiful city. But yeah, well, God's a big guy. You can have a conversation. And you walk outside and the first thing you see is the Dom. The Dom. That Dom church, the AMN. The Dom, the OM. It's a huge old church, man. Huge. Phorenza, you go to Florence. What's the biggest building? The big church. Every city in Europe. Even an Amsterdam, man. The old church, of course, is all the hookers right across the street from it. But nevertheless, and all the vastigas trying to put the drugs in the road. But nevertheless, all those poor slums, all those getkeys that came on her hands in these and slum up and give their last pay so to the church. And at the same time, all those millions that were spent on these body andifices, all those crap. Others are raised in, well, let's see, the megaturches. They were researchers found that a third of Americans are even several Protestant. Just under a quarter-arm mainline Protestant, they're mainlining it. One fifth are a Roman Catholic, and five percent are black Protestant. Holy moly. Choose comprised two and a half percent of population while five percent of Americans belong to what they're faiths. The rest, who are not involved in religious groups are not fully secular researchers at more than 60 percent of the young. The rest, who are not fully secular, is not fully secular. Who did that? Stevie, when would higher power? I'll check it out. Don't you remember that song? Come on. Remember that song? Higher love, higher power is an immense higher love, something like that. We look at that Stevie, when we were, we were. I love Stevie, when would higher love be? And nearly a third say they pray at least occasionally 11 percent say they believe Jesus is the Son of God. Oh, I guess what else they did speaking to guess, he's in talk about the way they manipulate the media. Over the weekend, there's Stevie when we were. He's good. Yeah. Over the weekend, they were talking about Billy Graham, and I'm seeing them, and they were referring him to him as America's preacher. Yeah, that's his tagline, sort of like Michael Jackson with the King of Pop thing. He arranged that somehow. Is that really? Oh, yeah. I wonder how the Catholic school about that, and the Buddhist and the Muslims and the atheist and the agnostic. And then this is the main one of the biggest problems, man. All these getchies, man. It just can't leave everybody also. America's preacher, my ass. In fact, look who he's been counseled to. He's been counseled to the son of the biggest curse like Nixon and Bush. And I heard he was telling Bubba some bubble micees. So I heard 113 votes on a poll. We got a shout of 1300 during the show today. Won't you be proud of that? What a start on Monday, 9.11. At least some people aren't sitting there, glued to their TV, watching the replays of the buildings. Oh, we're not. And let me ask you, how did that, how did Tower 7 fall? There was never any plane that hit it. Or you know the, of course, that's the same. And the same pankey, panorclaps, as Tower 1 and 2, and Tower 7 later on, a collapsed. The same way. Tower, you know, building 7, and how's the CIA office in Rudy Giuliani's bunkers there, where he was keeping Archie bunker? Do you know what? That's where his, his height away was. I did not know that. And of course, across this week was his buddy Bernie Carriss height away. His love net. Really sad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now that we're back to our regular schedule. I'm in this first of color. Too. How many we taken a day? Two. That's all about, right? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't want to overdo it. He's back into it. And 5, 60, only Verizon and Singular Ravasites. WQA and Hello. You like that one so far? Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. I was just, I don't know. You've been reading some really good stuff. And there's a great piece in the sun's shmentin' up to that. I don't know. We've made lots of great piece, yeah? Yeah. Gumhoge and a live today. I think it would like to, of the religious sketch piece, which I'll be loved this. Where can I find that? Since then, I want to know. On their edit. Oh, no. But they're website. So the worst. I quit to the editor. I like it. It's a guy. By Jim Reveka. Okay. He can show me. He's from Fort Waterdale. But that's his line. It's a great piece. I'm probably going to tell a lot of people if you want to. Well, if that's the case, I'll get it during the next break. Okay. Several times. Okay. All right. You're welcome back. Thanks. There you go. Yeah. How about up as opposed to being so low-farget man. Get off out of couch. Turn a TV. I'll take a brick and put it to that TV screen. Okay. Get with it. That's right. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off. That television says. Turn the ball. Right in the middle of the set. The feast name. So best challenge. The feast name. The feast name. The feast name. The feast name. The feast name. The feast name. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8M. There's something slightly and sinister in business class. Yeah, yeah. We know something people and feminists. Oh, right. We know something so terrifying. Yeah. We get it. They too know. It's just more car on a plane. Yes. I did it. It was an accident. Dirtest. More champagne, please. John McCall. Come on. Now, shall we move? We can't move, shall we? It's a 12-to-one. It's a 12-to-one. It's a 12-to-one. It's a 12-to-one. We got mad dog at two. Mad dog in the hump or the power hour with the shower. From a four to five. That Hank Lover all stole a by himself. All six hundred pounds between five and six. Goodie. Marlins on deck. Sixth-to-one. And then we got the Marlins in the mess. That's a total of five. And right now, Marlins, what did they have yesterday? They have any kind of a crown? Because I forget what night it was. I turned it on. Well, if they had a thousand people there, it was a lot. And a friend of mine went to the game last Tuesday. He said also there were like a few hundred people. We could have a crown when he gets back. Oh, what kind of a disgrace is it? Well, don't tell me Josh is taking a do soon and trace. Must be that. Marlins in the mess tonight, seven-to-five-half by the world famous Eddie Cato. 1137 votes. And it's just barely noon. How do you like that? Are two impressed? I'm sure I just went and read this cold, cold turkey. I have no idea what this is about. I think he should. Jim, Marvika, but what I just called it and said was I'm going to piss a lot of people off. Maybe us. Come home. Gay and alive today. Come home, gay and alive today, you sense? I'm going to agreement with William Butts commentary. Oh, BUTTE. Gay. On September 4th, on the military policy, you don't act. Don't tell. It reminded me of my experience in US Navy in 1964. 43 years and nothing has changed. Just out of Catholic High School and I'm afraid to become a working adult. I joined the US Navy. I thought the four years would teach me to be a man and allow me to get an education some worldly knowledge. I was very innocent and to be sure quite ignorant about the ways of the world. I was very sexually active with boys, all during my school years, even as early as the fourth grade. I liked guys, but didn't consider myself queer. I never had heard of the term gay. Homeosexual is a derogatory dictionary term. In basic training, I decided I would like to go to course school to become a Navy Corman. My sister was registered nurse and I was always interested in the medical field and health care. After the Gulf of Token incident, the alleged incident, I was all done whole. I decided that I would have been completing Naval course school transfer to the US Marines as a medical corpsman. I wonder if he's kind of Harvey? Corman. I did. I was doing quite well in school and enjoying the structured military life. I even considered making a profession of the Navy and asked for a race in the East. I was afraid of the operation of somebody advancing to the rate of chief. Then, someone suspected and turned me into the office of Naval intelligence after enduring seven or eight nasty weeks of interrogation of abuse of threats from the ONI. I was brought to the captain's mast and decenarably discharged. Send home with only chiefs of it in close and five bucks as undesirable for F. I had to lie to my family. I told him I was in alcoholic. Thank God, it was the best thing that could have ever happened to me, though it was a time I never would have agreed with that notion. Being discharged is painful as it was, and there's nothing like a painful discharge. Probably saved my life. I learned that many of the guys who went to be a nameless, field medical person who were killed as severely injured, and due to my mindset at the time I surely would have come home in a body bag. None of this had anything to do with my being gay. I had placed myself in harm's way because I was an ignorant young man. A young man who had no idea that my government, as it still was now, lied to me and feud me as expendable. Only there the filer quote and then tossed aside for the political needs of the government. Had our living contingent in the US Navy, I'm sure I would have had a successful and rewarding enlistment. Being gay provided my name from being listed with many of my friends on the Black Memorial Wall and Washington DC, and I never would have had the chance to march in a gay pride parade and be spit on by the same people I could have died for. All right, it is good. He's a semi retired businessman in four load of deals. Him, right, Vicka, nice going Jim. Nicely last line, great. It's a chance to march in a gay pride parade and be spit on by the same people. He was willing to go in die for very, very good Jim, excellent. Good point. By the way, Jim, you're fairie. Now let's see. Here's one that says, for all here we go again. Oh man, this guy just never gives up. We haven't heard from this guy in years. Have we? Well, there you go. Greg Henson, oh, it's definitely got what the puppets program director and morning host. Oh, this guy used to be out of Detroit. That's what you peed in and forth it off. And I thought, our station in Philly is it? I don't know. The Beesley station. We got stations in Philly. We got, I think what you say, WWDV, which used to be the wonderful world of valley banks who hired me twice and never went to work there. I told you about that time in Nashville. My furniture was on the way to a Philly and Dick has to talk me to go back to Miami. What a bad decision that was Neil. Oh, God, thanks, Dick. He's not with a snowmote. He's a good guy. Greg Henson says, I'm in Philly, baby. Got our Detroit. Well, everybody this sooner or later, some even alive. Ready to come to work for me. I'll give you time. Ready to personal phone number. And then, go, I don't want to read that website. He says, check this out. You think, I don't want to. I'll check it out during the break. I'll check it out there. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds really dirty to me. You potty mouth Greg. Greg Henson, I feel it. He's probably listening right now. It sends me a facts. He said a twice. I don't want to talk about that. I don't want to talk about the Dimple, the chin and how what a good looking guy is. What was that all about? That big French parcer guy? Wow, that's a strange show. And I will say it again. That's not a victory that Picri fans can be proud of. They're escaping by the skinny or TV. Winning on a safety. Safety. I was just going to say. And the safety was like by his knee was down like a couple inches inside the line. And on the fourth down play from a fourth and one on a 70-hour line they stopped him by by an inch thanks to the spotting you know by the officials. Winning by the skin of their teeth. There wasn't one of those prayer. Sure wasn't a pretty sound radio to say that. Now I'm off a him man. There's only one radio I like and that's a pretty Quinn. Hey, I got news for it. What I'm rooting for Notre Dame, you know there must be some all the way to state pin man. I can't stand that Joe Pa and those ugly white American legion uniforms they got. State pin, you know. That's a very good job. Not just. And Notre Dame just wall up the snout out of their mind. No Saturday. Did you see it there? Yes, I did. I loved it. I guess you know what? Everybody make it in the shower. I loved it. Anyway. Chris says on a facts. Evidently the new WDQ in morning show is attracting the worst schmits that's on the year. Well, I don't understand what that means. I guess he's going to explain it. Oh. Let me hear me the rest of it. I already read it. The very original Paul and Ron showing reduced the new segment of their show called Raw or Homo. I was just like we're doing on the Kenny and Vosho. But then you know why should that be a surprise because Paul and old Ron have been anything original. Even when they feel like bull man is somebody else's. No, actually on second thought, I think they got plenty of their own. Paul and Ron have pictures of men. They described them to the list. They decided to mend the picture or gear or not. How do you like that? How do you like that? Apples. And it goes to show you man. Kenny and Bo are going to just wipe the radio with their ass. And that's the way that's saying goes. Yeah. Seriously. Even though you voted that they suck or whatever you voted. I don't know. I don't know. What we see. It's great when they're not talking about sports. Right. I would agree with that. I think that's what I voted. I said we can just keep clarifying that. By the way, Clarence do not come back in at studio again. Okay. It was nice to come in and welcome me back. That's it. Next time we have a paycheck problem, which is short of nice and early on Friday. Thank you, Joe. Next time we have a problem, then I'll talk to you. Otherwise, turns you go away. We're about to go sports segments, baby. Let's get more Bino cook on her that we make some more farting sounds. And don't you play that trumpet thing. 1100. 1100. Oh, Jamie Pool. Huh? It's prom boar and baby. Nah, I'm sorry. The prom boar thing. How's up Benny Ross doing? Rossy Ross. Rossy Ross, 100 year old guy to place it to Pine Coan and Friday nights in sunrise. Where you forgot about him already? Who? Oh, that guy. Rosie Ross. What ever he's thinking? Rosie Rose Will. I don't know. Mike Rosenthall. Randolph, Randolph Wholeheart. The real road to the Netherlands. So that was a good article, guys. Thank you very much sir for calling it in. I don't have time. I keep putting this off because it's too long. I don't want to sit here and ramble on with these long ponders. And Tom Jickus has just read the newspaper on a year. That's what Tom Jickus says because he hates the show like poison. He's like we ate him. Like your son's time but we can't stand you. You make me nauseous. So when you stop and think about all the things that have happened in this market and radio and TV. Oh, I see. Right about how few of them have gotten any ink at all. Like the last rating book. Yeah. Who'd have wrote about that? Oh, Sarney put a he put a line in there after he wrote that as kind of like the after thought after wrote that big puff piece about booster and who's his bunk butt buddy there. John. Where? Oh, he got producer Zazlo. Yeah. About how they were the new a mutton Jeff or whatever the deal was. The new man in cool. Oh, my. The dynamic duo with their point one whatever they shared they got. Sarney man, you are such a loser such a fat tub of a turtle loser in an anacornism. I may be an old fart man but he he is. Stuff you old fart. Martin must he that's where I was looking for. I couldn't think of that word. You use that word often must he. Let's see if I must. I'm playing misty on Thursday. In fact, when you when you smell a fart that's musty your eyes get. Misty. And we're talking about play a misty for me. In fact, you find a girl. Gardener there. Yes, I did. She was under the desk. No, he's not a she. Oh, he's a hero's a arrow arrow. Oh, he's not a woman. How many women do you know name no arrow? I'm sure I could find a couple in this term. No. Maybe in the Navy. There it is. Carol's. That's here it. Arrow Gardener was a great penis of all time. Oh, sorry, Joyce. One of the great. Of all time. Speak. Early rounder trio. Apparently there were three of them. That is correct. He had three of them. Okay, you can say that while we're here to call about the she. The army. Now, some people say emers, which I'm sure is not correct. No, it's obvious. Well, some people say emers and some people say emers and some people say, oh, they're wrong. Hamish. Like that smotted at the Alzuarhees where they're in the prime minister. Very Hamish. Looks like it's homemade. Off the side of a dirt road in southern Maryland stands in odd Ansthetally, swiftly changing telecommunications industry. It's a rusted metal chamber nearly eight feet tall. Although it can fuse it with an outhouse. The door is padlocked. That would be bad to go into foam with now. The closest to that was when Dustin Hoppen was farting in the foam booth in the. Raidman movie. Raidman. Oh, fart. The door is padlocked. Tree surrounded with no houses inside. Looks like an old bomb show. I bet you if Dustin Hoppen, nobody knows now. He wouldn't have been in the foam booth with Tom Cruise. Inside is a telephone built by several nearby men and families. The oil tank turned foam booth. Connect them to the rest of the world's sort of. And sort of when it comes to the estimated 1600 old order men and night and Amish residents who still ride horse-drawn Buggies on the Rosa same race county is the point. And the past of Adiosas from the Washington Post of Althaces. And the past of Adiosa have quietly erected at least 12 Somally hidden, private foam booths, posting them behind bars. In the woods in one case inside a former chicken coop. As star age as they want to be. Remember that chicken? As star age as they want to be. Who the hell was that? Oh that's from that perfect heat of rehearsal. Oh is it? They're tremendously cool. The phones allowed them to conduct business. Crucial to surviving with the reason development pressures. While holding out a prohibition against home phones lines and cell phones. Called community phones. They are the ladies example of how the groups in Maryland know. So we've been cutting deals with technology for the past century. It used to be that the older men and night in the Amish families and samearies were allowed on public coin operated pay phones. But every time they stood up to change their phone out. It's never happened to make green all the time. But as people migrate to the cell phones, tell them, communication companies took notice on average they would move more than a thousand pay phones year in a year in Maryland according to state records. So the Amish and men and night are adapting. Business is business at the Amar Brubacher. Oh I'm surprised his name isn't Yoder. If you ever met any Amish people who was last name isn't Yoder. I haven't met any Amish people. Oh. Well I used to live in how in the anime and in a while I saw him. Huh? How easily. Right. Right just not to stir just sounds like the Michigan Indian Aborder man. And how Michigan. I mean I have that some German Baptists and some men and night. They'll want good for you. Business is business to Amar Brubacher. I met a night maybe he's one of the ones you met standing over a pallet of tomatoes if they are tomatoes and they love build production and he helps run. If they have to pull them out and understand that. The new phones hold advantages. The Amish and men and night don't have to carry around fistfuls of quarters of by costly calling cards. Families divide monthly bills. The phones are hidden locked in the case of a metal chamber booth which was fashion out of a tank salvage from a junkyard reinforced. There are rules. Families can't post phones too close to homes and they can't out of it. Them with amplified ringers that effectively would make them house phones. Some Amish don't cut in the voice mail but older or men and I see more accepting of the future of the future and the future. Not as the past. For both groups the idea to limit forces they think will distract them from faith and family. I'll ride. As our kick is they want to be. The telephone and use of the telephone is not something we're opposed to. We just want to be the main part of our lives in Ethan Brubacher 31 and nephew of Elmer who owns the quiet valley structures. A shed building business in Luton Loveville. She had 11 neighbor share community phone booth that is screened out by row of 20 evergreen hedges. Community phone calls could be said. 39 year old Amish Bishop walks a half mile through the woods to call to check on his mother who's in a wash and hospital with cancer. The calls could be scary. A men and I racist to the metal chambered phone after well that was bitten by a black widow. And the calls could be funny. An Amish man having accidentally locked himself inside his shanty. Can't call any brethren because they aren't near phones. So he calls his veterinarian. And then pointy. Yeah, it's touching. Yeah, all the guests these all the time. They need a feasting. So the best talent to be this is the Roger's Force Radio 560. You ain't am. I'm smiling and joy to bless. I said you're looted. Go blind. All the heartburns. You'll go so far. Every time I see. You'll go so far. Every time I see. You'll go so far. You'll go so far. You'll go so far. I see. You'll go so far. I see. He's brother and son. You'll go so far. Reconvened muscle in. And in our case we live in it. I don't know why. They won't want to die but I'm here. First of all, they're dead for years. With President Doug. Oh, what I get into. I won't want to. And get to we go, what it's called. If you want this. Don't go, don't go. If you want this. If you think. Don't go, don't go. And this road we rich get. Don't go, don't you see. Then don't pretend me. He's President Doug. You don't care what it's called. You gotta live by her control. If you want this. You don't care what it's called. You win down the house. You win down the house. We've got a great leader. Oh, with President Doug. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He said the size clean. It's WWWW and I just checked it out. Will it? Will. I don't think he said. To when will T.O. blow.com? Mean to where it terrible runs. I'm going to say to REL. Sorry. Did you look it up? No. Oh, it's guy. You will be interested. Josh, but this cue's got a picture of his head. You will have a big falling out. Couple more losses. I take it with par. Yeah. That's not too good. Good. Good. I said a girl. And I see the browns lost to New Orleans. A guy. If you want to get two of it, but you don't even have to do it. Do. I hope you love the Dolphins. I hate the Dolphins. about it. Randolph, a whole hut, the real road to 9-11. I've been training to read this for a long time and you're going to like probably in a row. And this is what a lot of those carry over is too long. I can't stop that. I have to do it now. I must make my appointed rounds. This Howard Bielson. The Bush administration, the most tightly disciplined and secretive White House in memory is worked for the last five years to obscure the true story of the events surrounding the 9-11 terrorist attacks. With the fifth anniversary of 9-11 today, it's worth remembering the first time in the history of how the Bush administration ignored the threat that I'll try to post and how they used 9-11 lead this nation the way long, costly, and bloody war and occupation in Iraq. When George's deputy Bush took office in January 2001, the U.S. Commission on National Security 21st Century, a defense department chartered commission headed by former U.S. senators Gary Harton-War and Rubman, had just produced a report that concluded that directed attacking against American citizens on American soil is likely over the last quarter century. While Congress apparently was taken the Hart-Wubman report seriously, the Bush administration decided that the shove of the side prepared its own response to the issue. In May 2001, the Bush administration announced that Vice President Cheney was studied the problem of domestic terrorism and a sign primarily responsibility for dealing with it to FEMA. You know, the same guys did such a great job in all lanes. Neha. Before the Bush administration decided to go its own way, Harton-Wubman and the three-thens of Secretary of State Colin Powell, then National Security Advisor Conrad Leezer-Wise and Defense Secretary Hermongering Roseville, and urged him to spend more time dealing with terrorism. Nothing happened. And the Hart-Wetman Commission's report was ignored. Not even New York Times chose to report on the commission's findings, until September 12th that they acted in 9-11 attacks. As for the Cheney report, it was never completed. The story that Bush people have stuck to along as that the threats they received were too vague to be acted upon. Many of the Com for these two stories from July 2001. The GA-Anyway, economic summit, which President Bush attended was held at month in Genoa, Italy. The summit featured extraordinary security including ground-aware missile batteries, according to a report at the time in the Times of London, the attacking defense ministry had taken in percussive after a tip by a friendly foreign intelligence service that Islamic suicide bombers might try to attack the summit in small aircraft or helicopter. During that same month, then attorney general John Ascroft stopped taking commercial flights. CBS News reported at the time the reason ask for a started flying exclusively in private aircraft was because of a threat assessment by the FBI. Here were two instances where a threats were received enacted upon, but no one talked to notify the Americans and something might be up. Another one of those events, warnings was in report in July 2001 from the FBI's Phoenix Office that suspects an terrorist investigation link about Katana and Osama bin Laden, were attending flight school. The New York Times reported that one of the people who saw the report filed by Special Agent Kenneth Williams was John O'Neill. The FBI's leading expert on bin Laden, one of its top counterterrorism people. O'Neill apparently took the memo seriously and tried to warn the higher-ups about it. Nothing was done. It was never shared with a CIA or other intelligence agencies, not even the top echelon of the FBI ever saw it. In the midst of this inaction, the Bush administration was supposedly backing off tracking bin Laden because it was more interesting to cutting a deal with the Taliban Afghanistan, which was harboring bin Laden, so an oil pipeline could be built. O'Neill quit the FBI and discussed in August 2001 to take a job as chief security at the World Trade Center, the pipeline negotiations broke down later that month. Bin Laden's forces struck on 9-11 and O'Neill died at the hands of the people he had fought so hard to throw it. Since then it's been reported that Russian German and Israeli intelligence agencies all picked up signals during the summer of 2001 that bin Laden was up to something big. The German intelligence agency B&D warned the US and Israel that terrorists were planning to hijack planes and fly them into buildings that was echoed by Russia's intelligence services. They told the CIA in August 2001 that 25 terrorist pilots have been trained for suicide missions. Also that month, he's really intelligence agency Mossad warned the FBI and CIA that up to 200 out of five members were planning a major attack on American targets. And on August 6, 2001 President Bush received a memo entitled that had been Laden determined a strike in US. It suggested that a side of the same group had blew up the US Embassy in Kenya in August 1998 and the US has called an Yemen-October 2000 by deploying an attack in this country and were planning to hijack airliner sometime soon. Bush was on vacation at his ranch in Texas that month and nothing happened. In 2002, time magazine reported how the Bush administration ignored a plane developed by the Clinton administration with tacked out Kairin Afghanistan. In the fall of 2000, the Clinton administration prepared a counter-terrorism plan that included freezing financial assets, 18 country-searched as Yemen was beckoned in the Philippines and breaking up terrorist's terrorist cells and it combined US air and special operations military campaign in Afghanistan with help from the anti-talebender of an alliance. While the Bush administration eventually did all these things after 9-11. Nice of a moment. This time was already put together almost a year earlier by the Clinton administration after the attack on the US's coal. Clinton held off on executing the plan in the last days of his presidency because of the impending transition. Unlike President George Herbert Walker, Bush, who stuck the incoming Clinton team with the Somide in the closing days of his term, President Clinton apparently didn't want to do something similar as he left office. The plan lying moist in the National Security bureaucracy, the proposals were not re-examined by senior administration officials until April 2001 and were not reconsidered by the top national security department heads until a week before 9-11. There's no guarantee that actually could mean the Clinton plan were a 4-9-11 but it's not clear that doing something probably would have been better than doing nothing. But that's a profound line, isn't it? Doing something, would it? Yeah, it's kind of like, I see her QA, I'm, you know. Doing something would have been better than doing nothing. Speaking of a lot of things. Okay, let's put it on hold. You got it on hold. Okay. Oh by the way, Greg said, I'm listening. Your buddy Greg, you're with the purpose. The biggest thing, so the best challenge to the faces of the Rogers force radio is the life 60. Okay, damn. Tonight on breadcalf, don't miss a special guest appearance from Philadelphia Eagles, why receiver, Carol Owens? The nurses are running high. That's the third and most interesting thing of solo begins. We see a buddy who just told me he's shut up and I just told him I'm a grown man, I told him he's saying I told him he's a, you don't have to tell me I don't tell me he's a foul for you. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that and also I work at up 95A and he's not in Dallas so I'm gonna be a correctent. It's a situation when he say that. Oh, it's a stupid ass sports station. WPR. There's a thing on it with his picture and his sidekick on his morning show and there like whatever. Anyway, the good news for Josh is you don't have to like we posted it story. Why not do I? Why is that? It's still on there. Discover the secret right wing network behind ABC 9 11 a second. It's still on there. Right for the wise others see us the US to the one tier see it Nope, what do you mean you don't see it? It's on our home page on our main page That's which I'm in the admin page, you know Well, don't get on that page get way down there. I'm there gonna ground There we go, so I just had it Don't you see it there it is where? Where? This Bob new hard hitting the NC video slams bushes new found interest in Osama bin Laden too much before the election Don't precharge him a donna threat. It's two stories above that don't you see if I'm next woman tall Damn it there it is Jesus. K Christ Still on there anybody will recommend everybody make copies of that and paste it on the subway walls I gotta get that Dion. I got to get the see me. I mean, I got on my thanks to you Got on my car the mail it's he and her That's a good idea me. It's nice to me. It's mine anyway. I paid for it probably or somebody did Yo Frankie Which is the answer one the all-time best? You probably don't like You don't like it written on the subway walls and in Paul Simon there's a little do what wouldn't for like about five words I need to give it a listen Anyway, getting back to my article here. Can I get back to this please please? And I finished this because I'm saving a world here just like the goddess We're saving the world from itself Randy Rose and no I'm Trampski man And gore Vidal Then there's the second part of the road to 9 level and just the book how the Bush administration used the attack I just education for water we make the Middle East. Oh, yeah, they're remaking it into a worse mess than it already was Few people thought that was possible, but they're showing them In 2001 two people had heard of a Washington based neo conservative think tank called the project for a new American Century peanut Few who then about its plans for a global American empire knew that it's alumni Cheney Rumsfield that the defense secretary called wolfowitz Cheney's then cheapest staff Lewis a scooter liby and former defense policy board chairman the Uxia's Richard Pearl among them had considerable power in the White House also your president's brother the fat as governor Florida Jeb boys In the fall of 2000 peanut Icci report entitled we building America's defense strategies courses and resources for a new century The PNAC report was mostly rehashed of an earlier strategic proposal drawn up for the Pentagon by Libby and wolfowitz in the early 1990s Libby and wolfowitz envisioned a world where the guiding principle of U.S. foreign policy would be establishing permanent U.S. military and economic dominance over the Persian Gulf region and any other part of the world where U.S. interest War The PNAC version of a pacimer account in the Middle East starting with the House of Saut. Hussain and the establishment of American protective it in Iraq Mydever made merely a vision But in the worst case scenario of what happens when ideologically an opportunity to put their plans into action 911 gave the neocons the chance they've been waiting for Within hours of the collapse of the world for its center the talk within the inner circle of the Pentagon and the White House was invading Iraq Even after the responsibility for 911 was squarely placed on bin Laden al-Qaeda the focus in the White House remained on Iraq When both gave its 2002 stadium in speech Iraq was front and center in the access of evil and the propaganda campaign to convince people of the need to invade Iraq began in earnest There was no way to pin at crooked of Sautus a war based on its vision of regime change in Iraq is the first episode of peaceful totally transform at least And so the phrase weapons of mass destruction would become ubiquitous in the news media as President Bush in his underlings lied repeatedly and Now registly about a rationality capabilities and the threat they post of the USA While many feared chaos and Iraq the peanut crew which had funded the committee for deliberation of Iraq and pushed Exah Iraqi exile off my child be as the eventual replacement for Sautum May came that the Iraqis would greet US and British forces with flowers and ecstatic celebration flowers in candy baby Iraq would become a beacon of stability and democracy in the Middle East and Iraqis would be forever grateful to the US for their moral of Sautum This was the plan that was set in motion by 9. 11 five years later. We clearly see what happened as result It's been clear for the last five years that the Bush administration did a little or nothing about the issue of terrorism It failed to prevent a catastrophic attack then turned around and use that attack to justify an extreme foreign policy agenda It's left us in a quiet environment in Iraq and Afghanistan and is weakened our position in the world See that was worth waiting for. I thought it's pretty good pretty well said 1314 votes boy if we can make it to 14 hundred today I might actually come back into the second tomorrow a ride might Oh, there's a WDN Laura man. How is that the school coming in in Wherever it is in Iraq and what used to be Iraq? It's just amazing and I'm gonna tell you right now who's who's more responsible than anybody else The media is sick and it's not bad. The same crap we saw during Vietnam Those of us old far so we'll remember the way that the media Just pushed all the lies from L. B. J. and Nixon right on down the line man until finally the print. I think can't stay tool the toss and people listen don't open up a big mouth. Maybe Doug Thompson. I don't think about Ken State but nevertheless Finally after 58,000 kids came home and body bags for absolutely nothing all based on another lie The Gotham talking incident which never happened in the first place and here we go through the same thing again And was only when water cronkite opened up a big mouth amazing. We enough. He said that's the way it ain't Actually said ain't not Hey, now when you're gonna start Jim Clancy there on CNN opening up a big mouth you jackass It happened thousands of miles away. Yeah, I'm too bad. That's where you belong Thousands of miles away and I was spaced you and all your all your henchmen there, man. You're all not The media is sick and they're not badly that's why baby. I've got news from and they're all on the take They're all in the bag Make no mistake about it Last night CBC is showing that's signaling on on loose change and then they follow up with that two Our movie which is one of the most important things that all you should see while we fight and remains Have let's ABC get on the first of a four hour mini series of propaganda PBS history rewritten by a bunch of neocon religious lunatics 30 and you know what I'm gonna say right now What if it's a war for the internet There'd be we didn't have no yes, we've been heard. I mean we may be finished anyway, but the internet is the only hope man sure We've got out going right. You know, that's right I got a story about algorithm where he said he might run lock box He hasn't ruled out his second run. He said he's got to run say For me and all I can show you is him or sweltering then please please. Yeah, we love hell Man, I'm telling you now. He's not around without who just works up a little bit right right Dare a day drag the good thing of the United States of America Please am I the I'm so don't we say I think that's the mother's problem with Hillary is that she had a lock box 1323 votes on a poll source. Can you believe that we're gonna make 1400 boys And you people are gonna everybody from two ends gonna be running around in the streets with their placards Neil on his first day back to the full schedule on 9 11 2006 Neil Rogers guys gonna be on a front page is of every newspaper even a weekly reader in a Palm Beach post There you think Hey, that QA and publicity my sheen man we got a machine like you ain't never seen Anyway, getting back who do you believe was responsible for my level of attacks that voice chained he crowd 493 P-nac Venio cons all of it and how come they left off and I listen that story? I just read one of the most disgusting William Crystal man Oh brother when I see him I just want to I want to hear you've hard objects in my expensive TV set He's an M movie while we fight you see him in there with Richard Pearl this is a mob obnoxious full of crap Just like how to take a two by four just not call her teeth flying, you know The first thing you crowd 493 out kind of 477 will never know 145 like who killed Park Robin, you know Saudi Arabia 130 I Have no idea 45 Saddam Hussein 22 we're gonna allow those people up and I hate this poll only 14 only 1% that now that's You combine that with a fact that we got 1330 votes and then we really got something okay, maybe after the break you can explain to me what it was Hey got those check-in pants Anthony You Takes 대� Use I see it in traffic all day On the fundamental expressway The car is not good So I use myself on to call my favorite favorite of shows and I say I'm a 14 year old man You may find that art of the least My broken in the face sometimes I sound like a baby Not just the same I make demands that you are free with me And understand my children Baby top, I knew you were all in the prison And I said You didn't do it, I said I'm mad, I'm mad I'm mad I'm mad I'm mad I'm mad Prop 47, if every time I hear that man I can't stop thinking about that Do-off shop, let's bring that back No, it's not Speaking of latinos and latinos After making remarks about latinos, Republican lawmaker women Did you talk about this? Well, those are the art of comments? No. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, a apologized Friday in Santa Monica See, if anybody else were made these comments They would have tried and fed the deraixer Or railroaded them right out of the country Schwarzenegger was standing next to assembly woman Bonnie Garcia, the woman that he characterised is hot blooded But we should play a foreigner I got a right over here somewhere When I read the papers it made me cringe You made me feel uncomfortable So this is why I thought I should come out and resty You should write a way and you said You know, right, not to cover his political ass Like I said, black dumb Then you're killed In the recording The government refers to Republican legislators as the wild bunch And said that black blood mixed with Latino blood equals hot Refined to Garcia Black blood Do you know he had black blood in you? You know, I can apply for a whole bunch of college funds I didn't know that I could be there you go Anyone out there feels offended by these comments I just want to say I'm sorry Schwarzenegger said I'm Friday All the time, same old crack So these outrageous things Not of course sooner later I apologize Right, over and over again And then I would explain all the time that I cut myself Instead of read, you know, come out black That's what it is Black blood Yeah And so it's not to, it's not to, it's not to, it's not to, at least he doesn't There's no way he doesn't spare anybody in this deal He's ripping the latino's and the blacks The recording was obtained by the LA Times It was a private meeting that the governor used to be courts for speech writers The recording consists of relaxed banter Among Schwarzenegger in a few ways Garcia commented the governor didn't have to apologize The governor didn't have to apologize The governor didn't bother her in the least I love the governor because he's a straight talker Just like I am, she said to a local newspaper Very often I tell them, look, I'm a hot blood of the Latina So let's go back again Black blood mixed with latin blood equals hot It's a chemistry thing, you know Sometimes like, does it sometimes it don't They can sort of inigre you know Like oil and water Like halvah and a farphal George Zavidabore speaking of rocket science See we shouldn't know the date that I don't got elected governor California that was the end We shouldn't play the end by the door Should have said, yeah, but you don't have that Of course I do This chair is going to fall apart I just sure, and that would not be good if I fell in the floor And broke my back during the middle of the first room I'm serious It's just like drop like about little and that's not because my weight is on It's not that good, it's not that bad It's man's a man's You got the end? Yeah both ends I think I may fall on my end Back to him, don't want to be chained Uh-oh This is the end My friend If I'm not hurt, this is so long I'm going to be tough to talk it up I don't remember that, I haven't heard of that long I don't remember how it goes George O'Reilly, you've got to be a lawyer's average IQ of all but one American presidents in the start of the 20th century Court of the Estimates of Psychological Researchers He is definitely intelligent Certainly smart enough to be present in the US Dean Keith Simaton Psychologist at the University of California But He's intellectuals below all of the persons in the past I'm in 10 years except warrants you hurting Who is in the White House briefly in the 20s I regarded as a failed person I'm a who wrote this Well this is the Brit times I see Briefly in his 20 Yeah Oh I nailed it, my squad gym is nice George's estimate IQ is about 20 points below that Of his predecessor Bill Clinton He has a spirit of the may have created a contrast Effect that made any intellectual weaknesses All the more salient What he's trying to say is that Bush is a moron But we already knew that Simaton has drawn up a table of estimated presidential Intelences by amassing data created by other researchers Writing in the journal political psychology estimates that A Bush's IQ range between 11.113.5 Which is a mean of 120 Which is about average for a college graduate in the US What do you mean? It's a mean Yeah, I mean being a say Clinton's IQ range between 135.6 and 159 Rural Regans between 18 and 142 John Quincy Adam's prison for 1825 and I was a clubber with a range of 165 175 well the ingenious territory The data used by Sam and Tim was created by the filtering and analization of person Out of descriptions from biographs or there's a bunch of crass I mean how can you tell somebody's IQ based on you know Somebody lives like 200 years ago Kind of a comedy is a bunch of crap is that Bush's openness score of zero compared with 82 for Clinton and Joy of JFK 95 for a blink of ninety nine for our autonomous surface and place them It's a very bottom of US Persons Open this to experience a cognitive Proclivity that encompasses unusual Receptiveness To fantasy fantasy aesthetics Persons ideas and values In the general population is facturously Possibly associated with intelligence and bush raced zero on the open scale zero In other words the big I'd like to guys across the street you know those guys Tarking the girl for dolphins They'll lose too many more games because if they lose any more millions on those dolphin broadcasts You they might have to pull up plug on that whole operation over there Fushes score as comparable to extremist Islamic fundamentalist in the Taliban and al-Qaeda Leadership with a lot of exception of Osama Vid Laden who's IQ is still lower I'd like that. How does that make you feel? The same Trevor McCriskin lecture in the American politics at Warwick University said this is going to give Adam that minition of those who dislike Bush and especially dislike his folks in this and a parent lack of intellectuals Hey, there's that little work calling is a parent lack of intellectual vigor It's folks that you're not an ignorant do you're folks you're not a red man just folks you down down home O like that Jack asked their place for the giants with a big mouth from you of them what tells his name that Jeremy Shucky Who by the way was responsible for two very very bad plays last night. Hey nice going Jeremy you fair Jack asked Of course he's got you know you can't spell scum without a UM I made your part of his public persona some extent is that he is not intellectual all but he went to yeah Which had any Santa exclusive upbringing and he's by no means a dim width. He just a good actor And we're dim Of course I did Thought favorite got some bad news for you and in a cool fans both of you What she didn't I haven't a lot put this up here. Why do we want to talk about her you know I said it like talking about baby a story you know with a fringe on top You know I just miss a meza's me like they have this awful show on CNN when it's shield Remember I talking about Howard currents from the Washington Post in his wife is a Republican operative workshop of Republican party And he comes on there reliable sources on CNN and they pretend that they're like dissecting the objectivity the media and what a good job or bad job They're doing it center Yeah, and yesterday I saw a couple ass in of it and he's going out about well We still have it learned in the inter they have session with all these silly stories They showed the chick from a Rubin edley hall away and he showed what what's your name the one at that off by the congressman I can't even think of her name anymore Shondra Sean Relievey all I can't believe that I for a voice Sam and a hell of a shrapnel And now an update on the shundra leavey story Nothing Absolutely nothing Absolutely on this later And then the one that's done Mark Carr and then you know and the meantime, they're the ones that are doing all of this you know We can't help ourselves because that's all you people care about is crap top a ride is the Chinese say got any Chazarai is the beast would say the 20 year old son of ended a close mid died suddenly in the Bahamas yesterday three days after the former playboy playmaker birth to a girl He died he died a statement from Howard K. Stern That's her lawyer I know that just had a lot you've been pregnant to poison because all the people like Boba Booie Baba Booie They doing that right now all the serious people Sir, how do we do her how much have we heard about him last year four months and about that whole deal anything but who nothing where about whom is right a statement from Howard K. Stern and that a call is attorney did not provide 80 tales of Daniel Smith's death He declined to comment when contact had by rotors We have a yethler in the cause and death, but don't believe the drugs of booze were a facture statement, Stern said, and Nicole's absolutely devastated by the loss of her son who was a pride in joint and amazing human being. Daniel Smith was in the Caribbean, and he was his mother, 38K, birth to a healthy girl on Thursday. He appeared in the end of Nicole's show, and then you tell me he was in it and he didn't want to be in her, someone like, he was always acting like a crying, like, crying, like, I love the camera and leave me alone, and I'm embarrassed by everything my mom is doing, and what a fact slot. But all the sense being named playboys play made in the early 1993, the former Vicki who had an open home from a next year of Texas has never been far from public spotlight, and 94 she married wheels here about oil-tied cool and Jay Marshall Howard A. E. N. and after meeting him in a strip club, his death 14 months after 14 months of my trigger to legal battle over his estate, earlier this year she wanted to be a premium court decision giving her another chance to collect millions of dollars. Pierce Marshall died in June. Smith hasn't said to father her second child. Oh, no, this is a prize. Well, this didn't make a difference. That's the new American way, maybe just women and make in babies, you know, that's just the way they're, maybe the same person that father Michael Jackson's children. Megan, that could be it. A lot of anonymous fobbing going on over their man, they're just screwing their brains out. 1385 votes. We actually got a shot. Do I dare say it? At 1500. Ooh. I am Joe Bwell, it's all made us more. If you can't fit the entire votes, you didn't take the rest of the year off. The biggest name. So best tell us what you saw in the EU Rocks. Let's go more, Sridio 560. You A.M. So this is Anna, this is not a tumor, it's the one to two hours. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I got an important sex to awarding coming up in a second. Oh, you got an important sex to award? From Greenpeace Netherlands, we got 1400 votes. We're going to make 1500 by 1 o'clock by 2 o'clock. I have a female, I can smell it. And expensive and highly publicized 911 docu-drama. That piece of crap we've been telling you all about. By the way, is there any way before I get into this? Is there, how do we move those stories? Is there a way to do that to our honours at like, Eric Canne, do it? Can you do what? You're going to be a bit worried. No, no, no, no. There's no. It's taken that story that I was just telling you about. The important one about the background of this so-called docu-drama. And moved it up to the top. Oh, yeah. Eric Canne. Well, you know, the actual type of thing. Actually, I could do that. Have an amendment message now. You could do it. I could, well, no, because it would be duplicate. What's the actual title? I'll have him do it right now. So, this, when you relax this, this scupper, the secret right wing that worked behind the ABC's 911Dception. All right. Discover the secret. I'm going to read you with all my glasses. Okay, because it's far away. It's on the monitor, about a foot away. Got it? Got it? Got it. Max Blumenthal. Then if we moved that up to the top, then we won't have to, you know, because I want people to read it and the right it and eat it. An expensive is the same piece of crap we're talking about. We're sounding at a feed and overnight meal, some ratings by somebody at football. According to Ross story. Early indications are the many series of that actually tied to we went up a documentary on the same subject. And barely adds down the 18th season premiere of the symptoms. How do you like that? Falling. If you're a certain that you'll lose these statistics. Big deal, not a big deal. Have you heard of it? You don't care about these statistics. It'll reset the statistics, as what he's saying. Oh, no. For the stories. What? There was those stats that you like to read about how many people read what stories would he moves it or we said it. I'm just that story around all of them. I don't know. Well, fight out. Let's get with it, man. What do I care about statistics? I just want people to read. We've got to say the world, baby, along with what's your name and Jim. Speaking of that, green piece, I'm not sure I can read this story, but I'm going to anyway. It's a news story for Crazy Cakes. Did you get that story? No. How many of you heard? Just that story. I know how many people have read it already. Okay, so I can add the two numbers together. I can add those big numbers, Eric. Okay, just like what I'm saying. It'll be done. Thank you. Thanks, Eric. Green piece, Netherlands, is easy to stay in warning sex to our lovers, must not shove the spectra gel anal plug or the crystal gel that doubled on where the sundown is gone according to I want to report on XPATICA. The reason behind the shocking advisory is not the possible risk of ending up in a hospital where they build those stuck firmly inside of you and having to endure the humiliating laughter of medical staff who avail themselves of the opportunity of grabbing a few X-rays for later dissemination on the internet. The reason that says the six toys of public contain extremely high concentration of, I don't know how to say this word. That way, plasticizers, which allegedly pose a risk to human health in the environment. And, in the P-A-P-H-T-H-A-L-A-L-A-T-E-S, thalates are all derived plasticizers, commonly used to soften P-D-C. Research center T-N-O-X-M-N-H-S-X-2 is a green piece of the HISTIC, including build those vibrators and butt plugs. I wonder what see more butts things about that. And, discovered that seven of the atoms contain high levels of thalates, including the E-H-P, which, I see, was permanently banned from kids to those in the EU because they were possible healthers, the young children. So, I guess, they shouldn't be using these either. Green pieces, Bart van Opsiland, head of the organization's campaign against toxic materials, said, I can't remember where the last five years such high concentrations being found in research. So, unless you want to have your back though loaded with those stellates, so I don't use those stickin'. Okay. Got it? Well, there's a warning team. That should be like a lifesaver for somebody out there. 14 Edward and 17 votes on the pool. Well, we've got a shot at 15, Edward. I don't know that we've ever done that before. Don't you find this like exciting, shocking? It is exciting, shocking and all these. It's Jeremy shocking. It's probably a thing. I don't know, it's still no see that story up there. Now, how long is it going to take him to the hospital? Three, four hours. So, I'm going to get pushy with him now anyway. 14 Edward and 21 votes. Michael Moore is back. First animal motors then gone control followed by George W. Bush. Now, rattle-rousing filmmaker Michael Moore has turned his Reverend camera and untoos soon on healthcare in America. Oh, my God. Sico. Moore is the section of the healthcare system promises to be another hilarious documentary romp based on X-RBT showed Friday night at the Toronto International Film Festival. During a two-hour appearance Moore discussed his career as a counterculture journalist provocative filmmaker and liberal standard bear and he played three clips from a sicko which he said will be in theaters next June. The second one is presented so next June I'll be on my summer schedule by then. Let's move to the clock and have real fast. The second one is presented stories of personal healthcare nightmares including that of a woman who died payment for an ambulance ride after a head-on collision because it wasn't pre-approved. They try to find every way they can to deny it to you or not sell it to you to a packed theater or they try to find it anyway. Then try to find any way they can't pay to bill. Whatever. The Sico acts are also included the segment comparing Canada's public health care to the privatized system in the western including that Canadians have more equitable of black system medical services. The idea for Sico grew out of a segment from Moore's TV show, the awful truth, in which he staged a mock funeral outside of the health maintenance organization that had declined to tank raise treatment for a diabetic man. The HMO later relegated and gave in. Healthcare representatives downpied the potential impact of Moore's documentary. We can't control what a major Hollywood entertainer does is Mohit goes. A spokesman from the trade group of Americans called Ventura's Plants. That's his name, M.O.H.IT, G.H.O.I.C. Mohit goes. Our focus remains on a positive agenda of high quality healthcare for more Americans, said Mohit. With the laid-back preside of an in-your-face documentary, we stand more broke out in the Suelle we know about the Roger and me and bowling for Colab, and all of these things, right? All of these things. Okay. What would you wait for Sico? Although I think we already have several Sico's running the whole world only. Yes, we do. Fourteen-thirty baby, we unbeleivable. Fourteen-thirty. Now it will start playing the love songs. I'm going to say you why. Why? It might spread us down. Islamic militants controlling much of seven semadiah, checked down a radio station yesterday for playing love songs and other music. Go. If you had any idea how much I hate that song, really? Hated. I mean, it got a little overplayed, but. Oh, silly ain't the word, man. Wonder what they think of this over there. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. In South Korea. I think they got the wrong needle. That's a double bear. Islamic militants controlling much of seven semadiah, checked down a radio station yesterday for playing love songs and other music. The latest step to impose strict religious rule, which is far fears of an emerging Taliban, Saudi, and Xi Jinping. Religious rule. There we go again. I have been telling you screaming into people for years all the Getskis all the time. When you watch those travel shows, they show you all those old churches, they give you like a little hysterical and cervical one down. And they talk about old teens, Stephen, and Hungry, and how he imposed Christianity. Tonight's tonight. What's that all about? What's the meaning of that? Love. It's love song. They're all love. Oh, the shagal is okay. I think you're going to play like love me tender by elders, something really like Serapy like that. Oh, yeah. There's a pair of sisters. Maxim the sumir. Okay. I like that song. Since we've been to power for March of 7th semadi, including the capital of Mogadishu in June, the Islamists have banned movie viewing publicly to last drug users and broke up a wedding celebration because a band was playing and then a women were socializing together. By the way, they had their suicide bombing in a funeral in Afghanistan, they six people buy. Did you see that? No. They go to the cemetery. At least they'll be closed anyway. You know, it's connected. It is handy. Right. The group closed radio joe war because the programs were on Islamic, Islamic official Sheikh Mohamed Mohamed Abrah Bahaman said something like that. Mohamed? Oh, I'm sorry. Mohamed Masamood. Abrah Bahaman. It was the only radio station in Jawar, some 55 miles from Mogadishu. It is useless to where music and love songs for the people he said. Said Haga Ahmed, radio jawar is director. He can confirm the station been closed but declined for the comment because he values his life. The Islamic militants have brought a semblance of order to survive after years of energy. But the US accuses the Islamic leaders of harboring out catamil if it is responsible for deadly bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 98. To our resident Ali Musi said closing the radio station was a violation of freedom. This directed is like the Taliban, musi told the associate of the press. It sends the ship against independent media and freedom of expression. Oh, when a hell of that ever start. The hard line Islamic Taliban rulers of Afghanistan banned secular music, RTD and education for girls before they were overthrown by US invasion late 2001. By the way, they're still blowing up schools for girls in Afghanistan. I just mentioned that although the city told the city that they were a fabulous job we've done in Afghanistan, although we have not. Somalia had not as not had a police and of course as we spots the temperature of about 92% of the world opium trade is coming from Afghanistan. I was, although they've always had that that's always been there, you know. Well, great. There. So, how old man, everything he said including hello was a lie, you know. Everything. I like to especially when Tim who just gave him those softballs and to him about as he'd been duck hunting again. Too many wasn't duck hunting with the judge that day. Somalia's not had a police force of judiciary for 16 years since the warlords over through long time dictator, Mohammed C. At Barri and 91, and then turned on each other, carving much of the country to arm-cantural by violence and clam law. What do I tell you, man? About all these sex, all these tribes, the tribe of Abraham, the tribe of Abraham, huh? Right? All this crap, all this cock-a-man. Somalia has a weak transitional government set up two years ago with you and backing, but it's been unable to assert its authority beyond veoda. Whatever that is, 150 miles northwest of Mobyadi, shoot. It only watched helplessly as Islamic militancy is the capital in June. And maybe if they get lucky they can drag some other countries, people to the streets like they drag the American soldiers to the streets of Mobyadi. Do you remember that? Yeah. After they're barbarians, the ranting like they, we wouldn't want to leave you with a wrong impression. 1445 votes. I think we got to lift. Can you smell it? I smell something. 1445. We got the mad dog coming up until the power hour mad dog and the humper together, four to five, from the locker room, from the showers at P.P. Park. Then Hank Goldberg, with the tough hour and a half a sign in five to six, 30 follower by the Marlon game. What do you think? Can they do it? Marlon's and the matches. Is this just a two game series? No, it's three. Well, where does it house a game on Thursday? Why see Monday, two, I'm on a wrong day. I'm already see I'm on today. I'm thinking what's got to be Tuesday, right? If it's Tuesday, it must be new. And you're telling me it's only Monday. Yeah. Oh my. Oh, so suspicious package, you poured their log, which California airport. Yeah. I've never seen a suspicious package. Yeah, it's not a fact. I bet you kind of leases go on. Yeah, there's five, 50 names. I've full nest challenge. The difference is the O'erodgers. Four, 20, 5, 60. You a-am. Hey, see you on 2 AM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck. That's a national guard. That's a national guard. National guard in a wreck? That's not a national guard at now. Oh, so suspicious. What's up, Peter? Oh, so suspicious. You're suspicious, but we're in the same room. Can you see two feelings for three? Oh, I got it. Oh, make it new. Oh, no! No, no! No, no, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I'm twenty a QAM. Now, if you just need to read this, now I can't really just doubt. I'm sure you talked about that in the length I'm finding. Who? The widow of John Conley, the former governor of Texas who would be the she was in the car in the same limo. Oh, yeah, yeah, so that is important to be lucky. I did not John Conley and Nelly, Nelly or a fear. Nelly? Nelly. Oh. Anyway, a friend of Nick Lawrence and many. Well, many is that. Not your friend, man. I only know three, but I probably it's the one you're thinking of. Oh, no, man, he motor? Yeah. Anyway, the fact is, you know, anything about John Conley's wife at her death page, she said, John said, and Nixon had this plan, Kennedy's assassination. And what did he go to be at nom? Because they had stock and bell, helicopter and JFK was against the war. Well, I should have really evolved that. The thing where he was the only thing I know about Nelly, Conley, is that she's dead. And she was in the limo. And she also said that she didn't believe that, you know, that aunt was anything to do with it, any adiatiage. She was in limo. But, nevertheless. But, nevertheless. Yeah, that's not had to like 40, three years ago. a little bit less. And every year on November 22nd we have another anniversary just like we're having the fifth anniversary of 9, 11 a day. And the reason I get so disgusted with that is, well, what's the point? I mean, we're not going to forget about it. You know, nobody who lived through the Kennedy assassination or was alive a old enough at Pearl Harbor or the world tradesenter. Nobody who lived during that experience, as an adult or young adult, has ever got to forget it anyway. Right. So the idea that every year we have to commemorate and have another ceremony, that would be fine if it accomplished anything. But the problem is we keep doing the same things over and over again and keep bushering the same innocent people. You know, what's their dead one said should be enough. Over and over and over and over. There is a real evil door, if I ever saw one at Alberto Vio 5, then Zalaz they just had on it. Oh my god, they're going to put his ass on the ear. That is it. It is grace. Alberto Vio 5, then Zalaz you can smell him a minimous away man. You know like fried beans, bad. And you know what happens when you eat too many blood. You're not saying too many beans. Don't play that trumpet now. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It's probably a bad one. It says the most famous picture nobody's ever seen is how the associated press photographer Richard Drew and referred to his photo on an identify world transcendor victim periling to his death on 9.11. In fact, the CBC's got a special on that tonight 10 o'clock. It's called the Falling Man. And there was a reporter for the Toronto Globe and Mail who was assigned the job of finding his identity. And he actually did, but nevertheless, the picture appeared in some of his papers including this one in New York Times on 9.12, but was soon shelved. And the most photographed in video tapes day in the history of the world Tom June out later wrote in a square. The images of people jumping were the only images that became by consensus taboo. Five years later, Mr. Drew's falling man remains a horrific artifact of the day that was supposed to change everything and did not. But there's another taboo night-loving photo about life rather than death that is equally shocking in its way, so much so that Thomas Hopeker of Magnum Photos could fit under wraps for four years. Mr. Hopeker's picture can now be found in David Friends compiling new 9.11 book, watching the world change around the book's website watching the world change.com. It shows five young friends on the waterfront in Brooklyn, taking what seems to be a lunch or bike riding break and join the Radiant Late Summer Sun and chatting away as Cascades of Slocing, Gulf Warman, Hatton in the background. Mr. Hopeker found his subjects troubling. They were totally relaxed like any normal afternoon until Mr. Friend. It's possible they lost people in care, but they weren't stirred by it. They photographer would hold a picture from a publication because we didn't need to see that then. He feared it was stir the wrong emotions, but over time it was perspective he discovered a green importance. Seeing from the perspective of 9.11 fifth anniversary, Mr. Hopeker's photo was precious as well as important as snapshot of history soon to come. What he caught was this. Traumatic as the attack that America was, 9.11 will receive quickly for many. This is a country that likes to move on and fast. The young people in Mr. Hopeker's photo aren't necessarily call us, they're just American. In the five years since the attack, the ability of Americans to dust themselves often keep going, explains what's gone right and what's gone wrong and are pathily divided and distributed state the country finds itself in today. What's gone right to terrorist failed to break America's back. The new normal asset about 10 minutes is set to therefore check-ins. The economy for all those dips in inequities and one way dead wasn't destroyed. The culture for better or worse survived intact. It took only four days to tell this nurse to restore commercials to grim news program, some two weeks after that Rudy Giuliani, which willistically welcome the laughter back to American liberal rooms by giving his on-camera impremature to set in at lie. Before 9.11 Americans feasted on reality programs, nonstop coverage of child abductions and sex scandals. Five years later, they still do. The day that changed everything didn't make Americans change the channel unless it was from fear of fact due to American idol or from Pamela Anderson to Periscillton. For those directly affected by the terrorist attack this resilience can be hard to accept. In New York far more than elsewhere political correctness about 9.11 is still strictly enforced. We bridle when the mayor of New Orleans calls it ground zero, cause ground zero a hole in the ground even though sadly he spoke the truth. We complained that Hollywood movies about 9.11 are too soon, even as United 93 world trades center came and went with no controversy and mobilizes in middle America. The freedom tower and now, put it in national freedom center, to enter into the city of New York. The freedom is become just another word for a lofty architectural projects soon to be scrapped. Remember that song? Freedom is just another word for another lofty architecture. The price of all New York's 9.11 PC is obvious. The 16 acres of ground zero are about the only ones that have missed out on the city's roaring post attack comeback. But the rest of the country is less invested. For tourists and maybe for natives too, the whole of the ground is a more pungent, more of any grandiose official edifice. You can still see the naked woolen were it hasn't healed and sort of remember where this what the savage attack was about. But even as we celebrate this resilience, the two comes at a price. The companion American trade to resist forgetfulness. What we've forgotten too quickly is the outpouring of affection and unity this world against all odds in a wake about cut as active mass murder. If you were in New York then you saw in the streets in Autistic Ground zero or countless of thousands of goods Americans during the official responders and caregivers to help at the cost of their own health. You saw this New Yorkers of every kind gathered around the spontaneous shrines to the fallen and the missing at police and fire stations that churches in parts to lend solace or a hand. This could feel quickly spread to capital hill to red states where New York once had been sawed in Tarnate and to the world the third world included where America was a nearly uniform object of sympathy and grief. Not no low baby. Not no more. It hit us like poison. Yeah. Once twenty seven and five sixty seventy q a m who killed cock grab but we got oh I can't believe it. Look at the number of votes on that pool. Can you believe it? I don't have to work again until you're twenty five twenty five. The biggest thing. So the best challenge to the business will be all right.