Yeah, everybody's very excited about tonight. That's the thing he pulled me. I couldn't care less. It's a big thing down here. Well, you keep telling yourself that, and personally you believe it. That's true. Yeah. Just like our two to four segment, it's a big thing down there, you know? No. I'm just talking about what's happened tonight. Yeah. It's the playoffs. And why don't they get those slots started down there? July. Spose your why? That's what I hear. July of what year? This year. Okay. That's what they're planning. Hopefully before the Marlons moved to San Antonio. That's not happening. The fifth week for the Marlons moved to Hylia. The fifth thing is the deadline for that. And the Marlons struck out in the legislature in 15th. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. You're boy very this morning, but I mean, but I would. But about the David Simpson says, this is the same old stuff. Very that temp. Yeah. Well, yeah, I said that they've on Friday. I said the Kentucky Derby descent part of it is that it's not a really fair race. There's too many horses in it. Yeah. It's all about road trouble. It's all about traffic. It was about. When you were out of three high-end leaders. The horse I like. The traffic was like nine wide in the bay. Yeah. Well, it was wide the whole period of time. That's why that's why I told you that post position was going to kill him. You did? No, I didn't. I said that. I haven't talked to you. I told the public. I was on top of it. I didn't tell me that. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I mean, it's you. I was in the middle of a long marathon. It would buy. But the horse I had. Steppenwolf. I had him in the exacto with the bar row. He'd be violent. Anyway, he had a terrible trip. He got caught up in. He got hit early and then. Get carried wide. He had to. This is why he should be limited to 12. You know, we passed that point of recession. Not you and I, but a bunch of us were talking about that. You know what? That's what makes it Kentucky. They're a respecial. Yeah, you got to have a lot of luck and you got to be really tough to win. That's not what makes it special. It's what makes it an unfair race. The race is supposed to be like the determine who's the best, not who gets the best luck. Well, usually the best tourist wins. I think the best tourist won this race. I don't think so. I don't think he's going to win no triple crown. I don't know about that, but I think it went to pre-miss. Really? Yep. The circle kick his ass. You like brother Derek and I'm not so sure about that. Okay, brother Derek can only run one way. I don't know why he keeps saying that. I look at the chart. He can't run only one way. He comes from off the pace around the lead. If you look at the chart, he's coming close to races and one. Isn't that that lead? He's total speed in California. He's California speed. Okay. And he's, that's the case. And how come he closed from like nine wide and finishing the did heat for fourth? He just ran, you know, he didn't touch, you know, but he touched him. He was outside the whole way. He was wide, but he was beaten by about 15 lanes. Yeah. Yeah. On about next to 8th of a mile anyway. He was beaten 15 lanes. Yeah. Okay. We'll see when they get to a pimlico. We'll see. When they get to Balmer. I'll read you what happened to the horse in the race. Brother Derek worked his way. Six wide by the first turn moved out wider when to feel the punch. Yeah. Nearing me into the back stretch, band out nine abreast when making a serious run and the upper stretch became empty while finishing for it. Yeah. Right. Came up empty. So he's a nice horse, brother Derek. But I don't think he's as good as this one. This horse just won with ease. I mean, he was effortless. Well, you know, you're going to get sucked in like we do every year, year after year. All here's a great, you know, an addition to which everybody was talking about how contentious the field is. It's possible to rest of the horses and just don't really all like good. No, I think he's good. I think it was a good field. I think, you know, a lot of these horses. You know, I mean, you're right. When you have 20 horses in a race, it's like a pretty simple father and jump. Bob and John is a good horse. Right. Bob and John never had a chance. He seemed to hit the board. He was nowhere. He got crushed coming out of the gate. Well, there you go. But that could happen in the 10 horse race. But much less likely. Highly unlikely. Highly silencing. Well, what happened? I'll tell you what happened to Bob and John. And it could have happened, like I said, in the 10 horse race. When key entry came out of the gate, he killed Bob and John. Just knocked almost knocked him off his pants. And that was the end of Bob and John. I kicked you ass. Boy or Ron, that no excuse. He was in a good position. That was a horse. I like he just did have it. Yeah, that was the other one I picked. I picked those three. Brother Derek on top and I know those two for the triple. I didn't hit that one. He hit the board. He can't not be. And that easy to do that. I've been that. I think he picked anybody hit the board. Barbero. I had what I did was my betting strategy was I took step and wolf for and lawyer Ron and box them and exact is with Barbero and point determine. And it was you. Oh, and Bob and John. And better off a bit on Bob and Tom. And I, you know what, if step and wolf for. Oh, if, oh, yes, if. If step and wolf for RAN third. You know, I had a shot. Exactly. I ran first and third. Come on. I'm not there. Oh. About as much as they pay for not having horses hit the board. Right. That's, that's exactly correct. Yes. The zippony do do do. I did hit the double, though. Well, that's good. I paid $60. How to 16 hour marathon. It would buy my longest, uh, lunacy of Mr. My life Saturday. You'll five a.m. The nine p.m. I know is the general manager. I was there longer than I was. The guy who's the general manager would buy him. Yeah. and introduced himself to me. I was during the telekate. Oh, I had a given the message for him if I didn't own that. I never saw the guy. He's a judge. I gave him a message. What do he have to say? He just walked over so I just wanted to do myself from the to my edge or would bind. Yeah. That was it. Tell him gambling is one thing. Steering is only. Anyway, was there for 16 hours? I lost 100 bucks. That's pretty good in it. I'm not gambling anymore. Charles Barclay has it right. When you when you don't win that much. Yeah. He was talking about John Daley's book. We're John Daley's last $60 million. And one thing Barclay said is true. John Daley hasn't lost $60 million. Gambling. He doesn't have $60 million. Well, he probably can't remember. Oh, he's got a problem. That's true. But Barclay was saying. What difference is it make? Charles Barclay? Who cares about that jackass? You know, if you're losing money that you can't afford to lose, then it's a problem. It's another story. Yeah. Well, he's a big game. If you're gambling for the fun of it for the halibut, then it's another story. Well, Barclay can afford it. Well, they're like I said. So what's he whining about? He's not whining. I'm whining about that damn very bonds. I'll say, I love that. I love and fully that big sign they had out there in the bleachers. Yeah. Babe Ruth did it on $2.00 in beer. That was great. That says like me. $2.00 in beer? That's how I do it. Well, that's so much beer. They should love hot dogs. Yeah, the ballpark. Yeah. Ballpark race track. He'll tell you we got our ballpark. Oh, by the way, what the hell was their Martha? That was your name. They might are good friends at the colder. Oh, yeah. Mickey. Mickey and Martha. There was a the two of them. Yeah. Mickey was the one. Mickey always says she's still asked about you. She's still there. She works at the, I mean, I haven't seen her call. She used to and Martha was the other one. Yeah, he's technically. She was great. Yep. I remember Martha. Martha was also works at Hailea. Yep. Well, maybe she could work at the ballpark when they get in. And then when they started serving the green weenies at Hailea, that's a red about the 10-day get-way to close down. So you're laughing, you know, on your face. I know. Oh, my God. Why I'm laughing? What the hell was that all about? Oh, man. I mean, I know that they have to destroy some horses, but they have to serve it up to the public. That was bad. That place became so filthy, man. We like a pigsty. Thank you, John Bernetti, for destroying a beautiful, beautiful place. I remember that time I was like, look at idiot on the air, try like rally around. I have no idea why I did that either. Of course, your buddy, your good post-personal friend, Vic Stofor, talking me into doing that. And Bob Savage, Reston piece. Please, Bob, as a good guy. Yes, you was. Vic Stofor is a jackass. Yes, you were. He's got to make it pictures man. How he could be calm, how he would park. He is so, oh, just... Yeah, he's been in Hollywood park. His own, oh well, it's not anymore. It was owned by Churchill Downs. So he was working for the two rival companies, you know, streaming me an owned by a strong. Ah, how he had he pulled that off. He wants, he wants so bad to be time-dirken. What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's the car race? I beg your pardon? I didn't see it. I saw the replay and see the race though. And in fact, they were reshawing it with funny, because they reshawed the stretcher on, I wanted the channels here, and they said, and here were the call of the... I think was the Buffalo channel. And he said, here were the call of stretcher on his Dave Johnson. Of course it was Durkin, but it's a thought was amusing. See, Dave is not anybody's mind. What it comes to horse racing is greatest Durkin is everybody thinks. month they've gone. I did the draw show with Dave on Wednesday. We had a great time. And pretty capacella. And it is now post time. I told you to capacella. So yeah, you sustain in the corner the press box after you retired and every time that's the moment. You're here in this voice. Like Ernie had called her, man. I wish you the I guess you never encountered him. Boy, this is the funniest guy in history of the race track. He was great. He would sit there before the race and call a fictitious race. It's just everybody would be just peeing in their pants. He was the funniest guy. And he would call him like a Freddie capacella. High fall set of voice. And they're off. And then he would talk to him. Put you like this right? He had a real deep deep voice and real life. And I don't even put you like this race. Now I just crack up. He was funny. He's dead. He used to wear our girl socks. I guess it's not a good idea to wear our girl socks. I used to wear our girl socks a long long long long long time ago. Yeah. How were any socks? You haven't worn socks in years. I can't. I can't. I can't wear socks. I get like the marks that cut self my circulation. That's where my feet are so beautiful. I don't want to fight to my diabetes. I don't wear socks. I wore socks. I'd be dead. Two things if I was in Florida or if I wore socks. If I would both of them might have been dead a long time ago. There are things that the station's the seven's gone. I can't play those sounds anymore. At the Saturday night attorney is filing a $10 million lawsuit against Joyce Fitch. She doesn't have that kind of money. At 330 the Saturday night attorney has been selected to file a $200 million lawsuit against Joyce Fitch for interfering with the show. But I found out I'm very good authority that she hates me like poison and is purposely sandbagging the show. She'll do anything in her power to try to get me to fail. That's it. I'm not making that up. That's a true story. How do you like that? How do you like to work for people like that? I do. Fitch rhymes with bitch. I do. That's what you do do. I'll tell you those two to four hours are pretty impressive. This coming from the new general manager who one of the first things he said to me is well we're not in any hurry to replace a mole because how much worse can we do than he did? Well I guess we're fighting out. Yeah, maybe he was irreplaceable. Who's that? Well I don't understand what that means. Oh he was irreplaceable. I said, I said, yeah. I said, I'm going to go so dirty. I saw him last week at the golf tournament. No, come on. Yep. And I don't know if he spoke to anybody else. He didn't speak to me. Oh, he didn't speak to you. Or cop. The only guy he spoke to was Miguel. And all of a sudden he saw a mole. Yep. There he was. He didn't speak to you. Did he see you? That's your kind of hard to miss him. He was doing a radio show from the right. And he was there and he didn't even speak. What a bastard. What a hard ass. What a break. Yeah, you had a lucky break. Yep. I'd been a little bit insincere. Well listen, don't cash all those tickets too fast. Now keep him in. I've got, you know what? I've got a double ticket and I've got an exact ticket from the woodford reserve race to cash because the lines were long. Do I mean, tell me we're going to run that guy from woodbine if he had been sick. Because that would be a mess. Yeah. I beg God. I didn't. I didn't know him. He just walked up and said hello. Yeah. Here comes the bunny and there goes your money. I got news for it. You can play this for 16 hours. You only lose 100 bucks. That's pretty good. You're a genius. Although I was 15 hundred out of the first two hours, but I didn't run out. I want to spoil all my day. And two times I got up two times within an hour. I got up and left the machine and moved the one extra and somebody came and played the one I was just off and hit two grand twice. When that happens, it's like a message. Yeah. It's been a nice night. Nice night. I didn't. Had a wonderful time. Well listen, have a great day and that we sure would be tuning in for two to four for somebody has to. Why? I wanted two and a three thirty when I here, but when the lawsuit gets filed. The lawsuit is at 145 the staff knew it's a $700 trillion lawsuit against your speech. Okay. And the abandoned boy group in. I mean the clappins. Have a great day. See you. Bye. The music press on the previous programs are those of the host guests and colors. And you write a few of those of the music broadcast groups. Up there is joys. Run to hell bitch. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Keep your Zhan Yonning I'd take fair notes The music plays It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day It's a good day You indigenous business They say they've never even met I definitely wouldn't be ied I just give a hug I just give you a hug I just give a hug They make things act up to date, they make the fight I am daylight, they make things things things Everyone on pastry, they buy the power That's something to try We're going to thank your world to the world Keep making things like that Thank you, Marcus Brezhne for those low bargain basement gas prices All those dead people in Iraq and all these other wonderful things you do And for that great job after a Katrina into all the eons and all the other sensational things you'd be doing Laura Angraham, by the way is a dyke Really? Sorry this weekend at Chris Matysho, I saw about five minutes of that Would that self-hating, faggot, and reselven Who finally discovered that to be a publicans or busy gay bashing But I guess you're a little bit slow and okay? Man, maybe favor listening to your head up in the air And like sniff the adaptable sniff the lilacs and the pansies Maybe they'll figure that out a long time ago Don't like their gay bashing and their tax cuts for the rich And listen, I'm going to beat but I'll listen, he's turning real fast Like everybody else except for Laura though She's kind of like another ant quote for the same thing She just talks a lot of crap While it was either, it was either Bob Jones or Liberty One of those were Ted Kennedy's Spog area There we are, they just talk a lot of generalities like Oh, Riley, same crap, all these right wingers Just talk a lot of nonsense and the duck, you know, they're Lemming, they whatever they say they would buy it Air Force General Michael Hayden's been chosen ahead to CIA So the big deal at the White House this morning in the oral office nomination of Hayden who would replace Porter Mishogos to CIA chief Is a subject concerned by law makers from both parties because of his military status In fact, US rat preseditive Peter Hoax where they chairman of the House and Talden's committee says This appointment signals that we are not that concerned about having an independent Intelligence committee independent of the Department of Defense They have another goose stepping Nazi in charge now Folks who are sensitive in government policy makers need to get intelligence in an unvarnished way Thracivigian not through a military lens That, that, that, that, well, you know, similar to who cares Exactly who cares about that George picked Barbara, he's the only one of all the experts that picked the Kentucky Derby Proving like I've always said when you know absolutely nothing about what's it, well, you know They, they, they begin his locker or sort of try to put a bit some money Should have plunged your guts out Anyway, he didn't and that's the bottom line like guy like George can't afford to be bitten I know house raises, okay, so sitting at wood by him for 16 hour Oh boy, I'm so busy, but if somethings you go to the bathroom with that 16 hour Mini, okay, many have put the cup on a chair I said whoever's next to me, would you want to say, yeah, we, why do we look out for each other? That's nice, that's anybody comes here break there I always say that if anybody tries to take my machine break there I'm in Ha ha ha Hey listen, go take my machine man I got a good machine here At any rate, it's just one of those things It's a fun pastime if you can afford it And if not don't go stay there, how do I way, okay stay away from those bandits Why do you think they called them on our bandits, banditos? So Hank met a guy from Woodbomb, but he didn't get any Conversation from the Mulman That's so sad, you know, but that's what you deal with He's a hateful hostile piece of turt In fact, I'm finally a 16 billion dollar lawsuit against Joyce this afternoon at 25th Good, yeah, don't think it's a good idea He's out to get you, she's out to get me, she's out to sabotage the show We let the college is the one who told us that And of course, you know, she's also out to get your ass Or it'll guilt by association, of course, Josh even his ass is in big jeopardy Oh no, what does it? Here's our pull from Friday, what's your take on the Hank Neil cross over at ten But we sure had a long lengthy one this morning, pop, pop See, and I didn't even see the race I saw the replay of the stretch drive only, you know, but I just like Boston Hays balls because he gets so aggravated, you know, I just enjoy doing it Because I'm a bastard and hard Now he's the expert, and what, what did he get? What did he have? Nothing, do you have the winner? No, what's your take on the Hank Neil cross over at ten? 13, every 90 votes? I love it, don't stop 547 Well that's because you people love it so much We did extra long today, we went, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop They like that, from the John Davidson school, I've never Shredding up for a second, never taking a breath Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, yeah It's okay that cross over 297, started at nine fifty till ten, 173 I like that idea a lot, I don't like going like till ten fifteen Like we did do that, that's ridiculous George says it's killing our first quarter hour Now what you said? That's what I said over and over You did say that, I don't listen to what 161, it's getting Ponderous under fifteen, and get rid of it, I hated 97 So the negative ones on this one are like nineteen by twenty five percent And then the ones that say started at nine fifty built ten, I guess that's not A ringing to a smear, it says like about forty percent We can't afford to be blow on forty percent of the audience down the drain What we'll do it anyway, because I guess Hank likes it And I guess our clearance loves it, of course if parents I was at must be bad radio, he is such an idiot How to help you to be time for the second break, or see that's something Look at that, wow, I haven't barely said hello yet, it's Monday, you know? Another break already? It's why you're at it by the way, I have to take care of the graph, I'm going to take care of I'm getting drowsy, thinking about drowsy, what is it? The first time I laid eyes, and I creature, I thought to myself, what is it? Yeah, a hand shake, like about kneel to. What is it? Yeah, we all like a dead fish, like a limped noodle, let's go cook for about five hours That's right, like pasta that's been cooked and recooked and just to all that And then when it's been cooked, it's called cold and clear about a limp-rusted hand shake Drowsy, that's another great choice, him and me, what have been so many of them over here, you know? I'm going to have fun, I hope everybody else does too. 27 after 10 at 5, 60, you've got a few games speaking of bug, people like bug you If you have turmites in your home, you've got to call ridded pest controlled They ain't get you a free turmite inspection because ridded pest controlled Unlike anybody else in the universe uses that amazing orange oil treatment The kills turmites enter my digs, auto percent of contact I mean they're gone faster than you can say flying paste or in the stretch If you have turmites, it's the best possibility, you're ready to let me, you don't have to tense your home Which is really an embarrassment for everyone concerned, nowhere including your neighbors No worrying about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels for days at a time like some kind of a gypsy No worrying about food or pets in your home They treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all In fact, with it, it's done feeding your property, the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges for just a few days So if you have a turmite problem, and this is the beginning of the turmite season and the hurricane season and the really hot and humid weather all go fits in together Before they start chewing your house to bits, call ridded pest control right now Find out about their amazing exclusive orange oil treatment The kill turmites and their eggs, one herb percent on contact No pending, no BS no kidding Call right now for a free inspection, there was absolutely no obligation 1-800-447-4348 1-800-447-4348 don't forget to mention that Good old time direct hoarded to call ridded pest control at 1-800-447-4348 This is meal runner's life, this is 516-8-8 For the fact that station Poise can you see My coyote is flashlights Prostipolder today As the miniscule was shooting Proof and eyes in one heart Through the desert all mice Through the pro-pastry mines But they just thought we were losing In the farms were all bare The fruit wade came far as bare We were found naspy-wipes And we'll pay our fair share For they does not understand the sense The English who paid He bought a break Who knew how to meet Or we say And I don't know Way Oh great job, that's so nice I'm glad you got a job Thank you Targeted killing surgeon Baghdad More Iraqi civilians were killed in Baghdad During the first three months of this year Then eight times since the top of Saddam Hussein's regime At least 3800 Many of them found hogtied and shot execution style But a big of a strangle Electricuted stand, gear-headed or hang-o-garrided like Clemenza Like Luca Brotsi, gear-headed or hanged Some died in bombings, many bore signs of torture Such as bruises, drill holes, burn marks, gouged eyes Or severed limbs Other than that things are going tremendously That's right, free to be killed Where the hell's those candy and flower people? That's a practical freedom Every day about 40 bodies arrived at the central Baghdad Morgan official said the numbers demonstrate a shift in the nature of the violence Which increasingly is targeted both sides of the country's Sunni Shiite's sectarian divide Just a little more good news from Iraq Why don't we bring anybody like that news for where we're at? There was no news The Southwest Florida, this is a little bee'sly news Okay, banjo-boy group, BMEG, I don't buy that if you value your money Unless you're an idiot The South End, the South End, at 315, I'm filing a $60 trillion lawsuit against Jewish bitch Just for being a bitch I really should've sued them, you know? Shoot their ass She is going so far above and beyond the Call of Duty And beyond FCC regulations Of course I got a lympharist and weak need attorney there Oh that Jewish... Yeah, I guarantee she's a lot of butcher in here Which isn't saying much By the way, you got your things signed yet or what? We're coming along nicely No, that wasn't the question Oh, that's not sign Because you know, we're working on something Well, I'm not saying, what does that mean? It means I don't want to talk about it on the air again But I mean, you're working on something I thought this was all done now I told you all about it Why are you acting surprised? Why are you going to stop? Why are you going to stop? I told you all about it last week Get it done What do you mean? I'm sorry I have to worry Unconcerned bored by the whole thing When I was telling them off the air about it Josh Who was? You were telling me anything about it I told you all about it twice over and you were following a sleep Yeah? Get it done I told you, forget about bonus money We have to please stop talking about this I'm working on my exit strategy Tired saw last days this weekend Oh We just figured out Oh, geez, we just figured out how to make children read Just show this movie and class they'll be running to the library God Almighty, you made me, made me want to reach for a book And I want to just ask this back to us It just came into our chronic regulars It says with your latest well deserved charity against that joy speech I looked her up on the Beesley Broadcast group And altogether different joke entirely I don't normally do this kind of geeky thing But I was curious what I found was a bio of a woman question mark With a zero let me repeat zero prior experience And representation of any media company That is correct She was a general counsel for behavioral services management group And we need that company, so I'm not even sure what it is that they do But it's not radio that's for sure that is correct Ask for our other GC position I defy anyone to read that company's site And tell me what the hell is that they do And it's for her only private law firm experience They're website is experiencing technical technical difficulties Right I question why Beesley would hire someone as a general counsel That had no previous experience in radio And no obvious credentials regarding legal issues dealing with the first member of the Constitution Although inexperienced and incompetent Do appear on the Beesley logo or at least they should Absolutely That's banjo boy grouping for you for the uninitiated Anyway, here's some Beesley news for that fact You're in anybody else in my care Not that we really do but it's the Southwest Florida classic rocker known as 96 K Rock I think that's a station that you stand steward on right until he said they get lost You're not paying me Rolls out it's new daily line up as Stan and Haney moved from afternoon to morning's in a previous day And I'll smooth Mark steel continues to handle limit day hours While veteran air town and former WARW Washington PD Christie banks joins WRX K for afternoon That's a real move up from Washington DC to Naples for admires Thanks to rise from cheap channel classic rocker KZPS and Dallas Long time station weekend to Dave Divero finally gets a regular week day shift Starting at 7 p.m. We decided to get music intensive WRX KPD John Warras tells radio and records After Stan and Haney in the morning, we're just a big classic rock my sheen Not a good my sheen but it's classic I think actually it's pretty good It's used to be I've heard it when you get around the west coast of Florida on your FM You know if you're driving over or something that's when you hear some good FM when once you get out of South Florida When you're in South Florida man, it it blows it really blows Join WQM today and our White Hot Heat Ken Quart is located at Ketsubay in Miami on a legion road Or some people say legion road and I have no idea why they say that probably because they're illiterate Just after the 836 presented by kettle 1 vodka QA will be there from noon until the final buzzer sounds with live broadcast from 2 to 4 and 7 to 10 For K1 between the heat and the nets And hopper says that's what everybody's all whipped up about he he is so It's just bothers me that's it cats in the day in Miami home for QM's White Hot Heat Ken Quart By the way nice series for the Marlins against the Cardinals this weekend Yeah, they're doing great. They are really kicking some serious ass there home losing streak is in double digits Now what is it 10 or nothing will it be 10 10 10 straight home games they've lost they keep lying through their teeth about the attendance 8 and 21 San Antonio says oh You got a deadline of May 15 that's a week from a day by the way And if you can't tell us one way deal if you're going to keep courting higher lea and trying to stand south Florida for get about a could for not And of course they were never going to go there in the first place That's what happens when you deal with people like Samson and Delilah Poor manager for van the great white sentence for the night club Hopefully it's only 29 old and then we will be watching all of this as the testimony takes place and the family members Oh, they haven't got to you haven't come up with a sentence yet. They just did it's going on now the sensing trial Let us know when you know something. Okay. It's like George is contract Because I'm not sending that queen any money until you get that thing signed seal the liver that's the point. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay I'm not sending that lady a dime until she gets the damn thing done because that's your fault. Yes, he says. Yes, it is But you'd be actually you're gotten touch with you. Yeah, no, we're talking everything's great. We've got the email straight now He was putting George R on there for some reason Everything's cool. No, he was why he had my email wrong. He was taking it on the other money. Oh, I'm tired. You know That's what happens when you spoke too much really really bad cheap pot, you know your brain starts getting fried I understand he's got the good stuff. Yeah, certainly he's got the board in the runaways, right? Remember Delshan and runaway look at him Delshan and who is brains up? 1040 20 before 11 house that award reading schedule look today. We still are in the revolving door from two to four We got fractions in there and they win a rating book and we still are doing the revolving door from two to four when I asked our First-while program director Clarence this morning what the when something going to happen He said don't hold your breath. I'm paraphrasing a little bit from that. What he said? He said hold your breath The deal I'll tell you when to let it out. Yeah, when to exhale 17 weeks from the circus where my finally get off the dime. Oh, I'm telling you man after I found that low, so don't find another one Because we're being sabotaged. We've been infiltrated like today. The earth stood still invaders from outer space or invaders from across the street are there on our payroll Deep-sixing sabotaging the radio station and doing everything they can just like it's got to be a Joel find-birthing Remember say do everything in his power to hurt us right except across get ratings over there But there oh my god those numbers they had I was that might be committing suicide. I'd be committing sausages right now when you well or something Yeah, I did the streets screaming and yelling my god doesn't anybody care about the crap we got on across the answer Now nobody cares. Hey finally a TV experienced like no other believe me Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use in as lots to love and today you can try for only 34 99 a month or three months Why is TV so much better with on demand? Well, I'm so glad you asked for a start. I should watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want But all me forget to tell about that movie. I saw PS okay with Laura Lini. Okay, and what's his name? Trunch my timer who? A tofer grace I Never like him before and he's okay. We took a sure about our life and better Anyway, this is a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV and demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so With programming including free movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows gift tar lessons and so much more You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control With on demand you can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using that remote You sure is hell can't get all this with satellite with up to 250 channels plus on demand you can build your own TV schedule Who could possibly axe for more and best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable So pick your show time sit back any wonder how ever man should get along without it for so long call today order Comcast digital cable in HBO The power bond demand for just 34 90 that a month or three months and Dave call 305 Comcast and in 9 5 4 Comcast This is a new Roger This is 5 16 Brother We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow We have to follow Me We have to follow We are gonna do off their ass today for quite six what is your story your busy after panhandling on a street quarter so you can fill up their tank with gas thanks a lot Mr. President you jackass you Nazi bastard you man you may start a throw 711 votes you think we'll make a thousand today I'm if we do that's quite an accomplishment I don't know this poll is I didn't like it you like it oh we've done very similar polls in the past so yeah I think they they'll like it I think they'll like it they like it I think they do oh maybe make you like it he likes I think I got TMJ because my dentist told me I grind my teeth in fact that all my dentist told me that you might speak I grind my teeth to the you uh have like a mouthguard or something I actually I did have one but then I tossed it out I never used it because when I when I would put it in there you feel like you're gonna choke on it but yeah you don't want anything in your mouth while you're sleeping sleeping that's for damn sure so choke will be why you're awake but now why you're asleep gagging on it so no my in fact this dentist suggested that I don't know if you think that that has something to do with my neck and the shoulder it might but I'm no doctor well that you look that that's even that's an even better recommendation for that you're not no doctor I mean does your jaw hurt a little bit okay you can always try something but I know what the doctors are gonna say they're gonna say here put this in your mouth while you're doing it I didn't get the poll though which is the closest thing I could find a mineralized it's exactly the same blue stuff man you shmirit it's good stuff it's mineralized the cool pharmacist recommended number one no more ono baby ice pain relief a little good thing is my ears opened up oh how do you start and hear these calls real loud and clear today all these really good calls we're gonna get WQA and hello WQA and hello WQA and hello yes sir yes I feel yeah hey um did you I know this is probably old news but did you see the even cold there thing on not he found the old news well at least he knew old news don't know to love when I say I know this probably old news or I know you've probably already had the in fact the next day in my pile less pain cold bear shows me the who's boss from news day I'm gonna read that when we come back it's all they care about is Steven cold bear it's all they know we had over 900 reads on that story on our website you know and it probably you're thinking oh you should be happy about that you know I'm sad about that because that's all they know from you know that's all they know I'm not not conceiving cold bear although it's really interesting yesterday in the panel of losers they hit on there the Chris Mathews that horrible show he's got on CNBC with that the solvus help hitting faggot center like Andrew Sullivan and uh law in Graham and they say well you know uh Steven cold bear bombed on uh that rose to and of course all the articles now have to look at the obligatory on he bombed in front of the audience but around the rest of the world right I thought was a greatest thing since sliced bread yeah that crowd acted like uh like yeah yeah right exactly that's right just like when rummese people are pretty familiar they need to know and I was trying to write wing uh Bible something board again hypocrites pill popping out a holes were like oh get those people out of you know like that Graham a government was there man he let him have a good nice gone ray he's my hero ray McEvern former CIA guy and by the way he way he wow live and said why don't he even say it what what does it have to do with the important things that are going on in the world today like shack right me chakna bendigo and there's misses uh limba oh god who are you kidding honey oh god I sure hope she has never seen it this is a new right my son is such a nice five I know you can this is the new Roger show this is your point any questions what I want to hear those keys I consider moving there is a true the longer so relax down there you're wondering if the Mexicans will say down there door is a man forming to the Mexican coals girl you gotta get some legal part and go and in Mexico so me just to see down there in Mexico in Mexico my sons will grow so me with the pop down there in Mexico Mexico blows baby make no mistake about that it's 11-1 at five six you know I never do give the rest of the line up today and probably just as well we're gonna Kimba both camper with two mad dog four to seven three solid hours of the mad dog pre-can hotline at seven courtesy the beast a to ten uh uh ed capplan 1035 to two now what's happening between ten and 1035 huh on my schedule it says eight to ten courtesy the beast all right and it says 1035 to two ed capplan what we do we the transmitter maintenance it's gonna be a free for all open mic night pretty sad and it's matter fact that two to four situation we got both today and tomorrow then the rest of the week let's see Wednesday there is Wednesday and Thursday we got uh that and Friday we got Curtis because we got for the mad dog we've been for oh no mad dog three dear Friday josegaki Thursday oh my god what that was that that a facts coming that's a fact covered oh i better get that cold beer stuff on my right away first although the facts is a pucor latent and pucon off my machine man seven hundred thirty six votes on a poll keep hopping on it there's Michael Haydman if anybody ever he looks like uh what's his name from uh Hogan's heroes what's his name which what we're a runner-van temperer oh curl click turn it'll think he'll start to belong in the clink you might mention my name to ride smash of Gary exactly or rum spell with everyone you can find look at the size of the print look at that I know I have my son of a track on Saturday he decided to play George is picking up played your pace my dad went up three hundred bucks I'm down 67 where do I send the build for you to reform you the money oh yeah yeah yeah a full of more clean charge okay I get my half in addition to which let me say the a where he charges a 10% for the three hundred and as far as I'm concerned at least I'm the honest one it says I know nothing about it I don't follow third word racing it's for the birds 10% that'll pay my gas one way to work longer for them to load the horses into the gate than to run the race anything like that we're sitting and watching for twenty five thirty minutes reading the four minutes nothing going on is no horses warming up it is nothing going on man third word racing blows hardest racing the horses warm up three miles before they even race did you know that yeah from out three times they warm up each time a mile three miles before even race to mile and then if they actually ran a bit the interesting what does that mean well you know they kind of walk around the uh... they don't walk they're not walking as a matter of fact if you know anything about racing and you realize that you realize that the a pace is now going mile almost as fast as so called runners if I'm ready to go to the court and you see logocian or back like those dogs used i've actually written horses and and so i know all about their canters the trotting and all of the canter yeah you start with a juiced up again always do all of those that man that's in a john ever put a you look at him hidden stomony you see fascism all over the place man this is an evil evil door man john legal context oh brother he is the easy real evil door just a the butcher of the Honduras anyway let's pay the news day rights have the washman media harness themselves to closely the president George W. Bush this odd couple in pairs to take an a tenured skydive out of the plain phone by comedian Stephen Colbert the recent one has course upon center the company central host of the Colbert report with the featured in the tainer with the washman affair where seven twelve hundred journalists share a ceremony evening in airplane hangar of a ballroom on a date not with the significant other but with the new source uh cloister justices of the supreme court of the known with tenors journalist svaray along with ambassadors spies industrialist cabinet members admiral's high clergy major generals and members of congress along with their lobbyists and recent years this gathering has been sorted with hobby would act here's marquee athletes and celebrities of all stripes the city US president the first lady always attend to say the real spring ritual so that the moved and shaken of the media can pre-in before the truly powerful after being shot in march 30th 1981 a recoup rating Ronald Reagan telephone as regressed to the dinner this likely marked an uptick in Reagan's press cover coverage no one remembers a single line to the comedian in the performer of the 81 dinner but this year Stephen Colbert shed a the tradition of comedic politeness i attended the 81 dinner the washman elite was sent by its lily whiteness among the twenty four hundred power diners there were eight African merchants including the news day national editor from the europe the pro-real heard in Jordan and got only knows why boxer Floyd Patterson perhaps i should stay here i did not attend this year's dinner the colbert transcripts lies c-span performance is a side splitter instead of rearranging the deck chairs on the titanic he has this soaring bushwood house rearranging with a chairs on a hidden bird the humor however collapsed like the derogable on the live dinner audience hence i must part company with my colleague some of whom went petty one dc calmness nil colbert for a mixed metaphor the performance before the present was hilarious it was also courageous sadly and moved to hazard a guess is to why the attending journalist didn't dare for method self-slap at colbert in public first let's stipulate that the republicans at the day didn't laugh because they were the bus of the jokes colbert for example suggested and they nod the device present someone should be in the face he's deemed all the bush administration lighting up occasionally with the touch of dead on comedy comedic irony if anybody needs anything else a debate table speaks slowly and thoroughly into your table numbers somebody from the NSA will be right over with a cocktail next way after a set that colbert's with his comedy central cohort john steward has become something of a rival the television newscasters a growing number of young americans for worse not better granted the pen on this duo for their news in pursuit of this audience politicians and other news makers hold their noses and submit to guest appearances on colbert show Daniel elzberg who leaked the pentagon papers to the press 1971 so he preferred appearing on comedy central shows because the mainstream media news media simply run handouts from the bush white house these days colbert level elzberg charged directly a fox news at the intern slightly praised news press coverage of the NSA wiretapping and secretly was prisons at eastern europe then they've been a set of the media colbert is misdemeurs demographers who take down fiction from the president pass it off his facts colbert was no laughing net in the washman press corps and a delicious touch of irony he later said on the TV show that the enduring washman audience practically carried me out on their shoulders even though I wasn't ready to go during the evening for quality colbert's biting went lancely elicit relationship between the media and those day are charged to cover bush has sunk beneath the possibility of satire the media must be careful not to stumble beyond the reach of irony well said there are less the less said the better 723 votes on our poll will make that thousand i think i'd be thinking it's only eleven o eight other than bush and cheney which government official you will miss trust the most 753 order i'm telling you man side by each those two nazis there you see that wow that's it there all christry twenty five dollar rubbers felt hundred and seventy two by the way that port of michagas sure if he wasn't playing hooker a hookie hooker uh huh uh uh with uh what's his name the do it oh jet bush eighty six fat ass jib your fat ass governor real evil door if there ever was one never forget that they at the marlin game he turned around his his one of his buddies one of his aids trust the whisper to zero there is that a whole new writer and he turned around and gave me a look at i just gave him back the same evil look like you fat ass lying turd you that's before he was given her by the one Hillary Clinton sixty six kind of leisure fifty four albino bio five Gonzalez fifty united his full thirteen jiannegropati on virtually every imaginable topic uh thirteen and jianneccane twelve seven sixty three five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he Verizon singular wireless line anybody after would like to apply to the two to four on our station every day on a regular basis as opposed to this these shenanigans we got this port of michagas we have going on right now I'm the guys of a format somebody Q.A.M. Hello Q.A.M. You got yes sir uh just a follow up on that co-bear piece I did uh I watched the video I'm on the internet I don't keep seeing it enough but the look on bushes faced during that thing is like laser eyes it was outstanding I hope you get a chance to watch I'm surprised to understand I think he very clearly you must add that your piece in again maybe we're interpreting for my explain what was going on the best part at the end was the video that he made with the journal as where she was following him all over dc but the it was his uh his try out for to be a press secretary and he was just ripping snow and ass nice going to arrest even thanks now thank you nice going Stevie boy five six seven oh five sixty what are we going to do about the normal can't and about your friend Joyce and don't tell me you got a wonderful relationship now all the best five minutes until he gets that check and then he'll be back to normal I can't go to begin that check next five normal okay that until something really happens until I lost who does file been federal court against Joyce and the banjo boys group ink yeah for like 80 consenting dollars man I want to testify whoever whoever heard why guess that would be the first time in history but it's a little bit unusual to be working for people who are doing everything in their power to make sure that you fail right well what kind of a mission gosh is that Joyce come to QAM hello good morning Neil yes sir rare that I haven't heard anybody comment on what a great Mexican weekend we've had with a golden boy and fellow Bobberl hi you want to translate that one he left that speedy Gonzalez no no that would be the Oscar Delahoya boxing matches I didn't participate I know interest I yeah yeah yeah yeah you didn't participate in the boxing match not in no interest just like the same thing I've the only reason I even looked at the Kentucky jury field because they've called the interview we have to we have the review everything we're after pretend we know something and they know that I don't file when I don't care about it's actually brought up the harness raising power Joe Marce on your day watch out for those polka dots it might not be in Joe might be Ray Krunk or might be Jeff out when it's out look out for Jeff out front it's after eleven at the siloed or bounds let's do the show from shouted downs in Columbus or honey then remember can come over and you can take him to lunch oh boy 777 on the pole maybe look out it's the 777 ever flown a 777 they're fly flu on it no I did too much your all I was a plane that was going on to Europe obviously flew from here to Montreal boy that is some that is some aircraft what is a beautiful thing one of these days when you even when once when you get that new raise you start becoming world-traveled that's right once normally gets to that new deal if you love voting just about everybody in South Florida's in the same boat but if you ever thought about buying a boat don't make that mistake call cloud notico instead do the smart thing rent call 1-800 boat rent right now I would anybody in the right mind unless they're up billionaire want to pay the expenses of owning your boat when you can rent one totally hassle free and a very affordable price too join the club cloud notico call 1-800 boat rent would be amazed just how easy to make the whole deal for you there are no docking costs no expensive upkeep no insurance or no hurricane preparation keep that in mind with a bottom club notico is totally stress free and really affordable too call 1-800 boat rent no getting the boat ready because top notico does it for you and no cleaning up either a cloud notico just hop on your boat and go when you're done pulled with the dock it often leave it's that simple to all the rest for you cloud notico call 1-800 boat rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small boats to yacht traders it's cloud notico call 1-800 boat rent let's cloud notico till or find a feature needs and you're budget get on the water today the smart way by calling cloud notico at 1-800 boat rent this is new rather this is 5-16 fairy funds on dollars we look just like a man that's he weighs more than a bear that he's tiny down there he's such a sight to see the fairies with the lane with both the five being credible he's got massive delta from all of the steroids but all he does is salt can change the wrong run his head weighs a ton he's seen all done he gave lots of told the guys about gold says can say gold fairy funds on dollars we look just like a man that's he's got elephant phones from human group on all of them he's got a funny thing for chasing room and hammering hands with less power than Hillary's white lights of the granger we now face this perturb we and some guy with a shack you must have a wreck gigantic fence bigger than shreds he injects the juice and his good boots his head like a moon fairy funds on dollars we look just like a man that's he and the former king has lost his run away this is so sad you know any day now he's gonna like do the seven fourteen and I love that banner in truly though babe Ruth it out hot dogs in beer you drugging you you phone you liar you sack of turd and you're still on the bad way and that's why I understand that's a bad way and he's on the bondwalk and very good get a red hey joint you and today at our white hot heat headquarters located at at case of the in my middle of you and roger south of the eight thirty six presented by cattle one vodka that's why I got to read this over and over give us the money sponsors they promised eight thousand right two you know yeah right not really it's only deals that were famous for a QAM we're gonna give you a seventy five thousand mentioned yesterday we'll be there from noon until the final buzzer signs of the live broadcast from two to four and seven to ten for G1 between the heat and the next power the next charge they need good yeah gonna be the heat I don't think so oh well it can't be back with that that's a kitchen that a and I mean for QAM's white hot heat headquarters and it starts at noon and don't forget to wear your icy sleeves or at least a patch during all that activity right and that help the patch you ever see that's far on the I don't know what the hell channel that's on the kid we're in a cap the rockets fan and he's watching his uh yo is a yow is making a free throw is you ever see that and he turns the cap sideways and he misses off to the left you ever see that no no kind of cute and then he all of a sudden puts the head back straight forward into the he makes the next free throw it's that you have to be the regular yow yeah a seven votes will have eight hundred before the bottom they are we got that thousand lick I can't believe it give me a good pull for tomorrow and I'll go to woodbind why that's the toughest thing about this about why come up with a poll I'll do in the show you mean yeah I forgot to tell you all summer you're doing all the pool oh yeah it's a joke it's a joke it's a joke it's a joke days when I work I do my own poll oh sorry that's right uh giving me a good poll I don't have full what's your favorite action movie okay I like that also anyway I didn't mention about this movie did I I threatened to do it which one yeah oh no you threatened that's it that's all you did I told you about it and you said you thought you're seeing it and then maybe you didn't I didn't Laura Lenny's and she is not hot you know I mean an actress doesn't have to be hot to be good actress I know that the Davis was a good actress don't Crawford was a good actress there were about as hot as an ice cube they don't have to be hot but it helps well well it's another reason to watch right it kind of like the lures you into a watch and for you to see why that's why watch that movie incredible uh I can't ever think of the name of that movie mr. what's it going to weaver and email her signing her at my favorite here imagine your heroes I got hooked into that because of poor little amaler I thought why I one thing I came to mind you're fair now that wasn't it yeah was but anyway the same thing is a movie that had promise you know in other words that that should say it all sure had promise could have been good but it wasn't it with ps would lower-litty and like silent hill which I went to the theater to see that and to offer grace supposed to be scary but guess what who to offer grace isn't it by she's a great actress and I never had seen her before she's very good in this and no she does not well she gets naked be an old scene often I said he gets naked all these years like from you know from the uh puppet up which was pretty good as a matter of fact took a shirt off and I was in shock I thought man what if he and asking kuchi kuchi ever got naked together but anyway he's pretty good actor he's all right and it's been never seen him on his head horrible horrible the world of worst show that nasty uh oh those 70s show well you forget you saw that you saw him in traffic but you forgot maybe I saw that so long that's right I saw him in traffic I didn't hear random over but anyway he was good and but the problem was it's just I don't know it was like I needed another half an hour okay nothing really happened in other words this is a lot of movies like that like recent other one of those deals where she she lost her boyfriend in a high school got killed as name was Scott and his guy's name is f scott which is real name is franny and they call him franny but uh the part about to be incarnation thing that she thought it almost everything got mentioned huh where she thought it was him because he looked so much like her boyfriend in the high school and she was like 39 he was about like early 20 if you know college student and they were doing it and at the end uh like uh they're still doing it and they you know they're out there out in the further whatever the school then she's gonna see him later and he walks off at a big smile on his face in turns about hey I'll see you later and she uh that's it go don't don't you hate that you know at the end of almost every movie a lot the scene ends and you hold your breath thinking okay no the the screen goes black now right it's coming was that really the end you know I'm talking about yeah you're a dumb-on-a-screen goes black and there's another scene right but even just a little epilogue or something but we just know that there's nothing else coming the feeling of dreadstakes and yeah like that's it uh uh is that like Peggy Lee was he is this that all there is I just wasted two hours for that it was worth it wasn't very long either was uh you know that's a problem you neither have found her but I guess they couldn't figure out what to do you know I guess is more of the same okay pull let's see what's your favorite action movie you may find me to do with that I don't want what I think I did that once and you made fun of me once for doing that all the time I don't really care okay I don't know I don't really care I'm getting a splitting headache from the show today just from the whole ambia I'm so everything talking about Oscar de la wholeia who gives a crap about Oscar de la wholeia you see the fight you see the fight that's part of being a man in America you have to watch the fight and of course the quotes around the fight whatever the fight is the fight through your I'm gonna watch the fight when Josh starts to get into with with who I'm off he's entrainin training for what for how he's wearing a training bra that's a problem you see now come on come up with a pull let me see if let's do it right on the year all right I'm turned that before some people in the audience you got a good idea you mean besides turn we signed yeah I'm looking for the latest bunch of shans full I think they sucks it all look at that put way down there well look there's no such thing as a you know ever flowing well or whatever that means anyway there was a guy sitting next to me at woodbanger bay he leaned the healing over and sneak one and right away direction to me was an editorial comment that's so rude just supposed to lean the other way yeah no there was a guy on the other side to me like him better I don't know now what what tell us that I mean it was so obvious to me to realize and then he dealt it nice method god what is that oh no there was one guy playing all the city ran and I thought oh I know why he ran I could smell it that's bad the biggest suit of intellectual actually this is pretty good oh I see what was the greatest album that that's too complex for now nobody doesn't have any more anyway right what's the rudest thing people do that's I like that like that one has one of the shans yeah you want me to tell you what he's got here sure flaunt their wealth whiz on the toilet seat bother people in the bathroom I don't know what that means bothered people in the bathroom like talk to somebody well they're you know you look at some glory oh bad that's a toilet talk what I didn't hear nothing repeat that talk loud on the red eye flight or steel parking spaces yeah that's a good pull right the rudest thing I got a suggestion well wait a minute let me write this down you know we got plenty of time here you don't want to take these stupid ass calls do you know it's short show today at least it started at 10 30 yeah see there goes you're doing not gonna hang you know you're so phony to his face you always suck up because you know the crossover to when I'm not doing I like hang a lot I do like a lot hang but I like to bring up the crossover locker you do what I said I like killing time a lot with the crossover too that that's not why I do it I do it because they want us to do it that's why because current six is certainly not helping hang because it's all my time I do it because it's easy all my time if we were doing it during his time maybe might help a little bit you know but it sure's how it's gonna happen his number which you know said it mentioned I was gentile enough not to mention anything about his number I concentrate most of that on two to four eight oh eight on the pull by the way let's let's get to a fifty we were gonna go away over a thousand and I think during the break I might have to write out into a joys really yeah I think all of the sudden getting inspired to do it hey would lightning quickspeak I'm in a wrong spot here oh well what where did this come from I don't understand what how this says back came from that I'm holding in my hand was about the DSL team and how bad that is now great come castes but we know that that's not the spot so forget I said that disregard soft lotus famous for its trade shows there's boat shows car shows bridal shows joy shows home shows arthur is below and more if you're a trade show exhibitor the only navy ought to be thinking about is pub set pub set creates the absolute let me say again top of the line attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five right now and pub civil get you said for success want to come to design printing posters vanries and especially pre-todyspace pub sets been the very best for fourteen years call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five right at down for pub set nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five from design to set up pub sick and handle all your trade show needs and rest is sure that pub set will separate you from the competition don't look seven right you're only get one chance to look great pub set is the way to go call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five we're going to pub set s f dot com for top notch design trade show graphics and displays pub set be the way to go look for my ugly s picture on their building along dixie highway just know the commercial you take a look at that you will have your ass off called pub set today nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five this is meel Roger this is five sixteen two eight you see you're on Q.A.M. I don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now not the national guard right not the national guard no national guard in the night that there's no national guard now I'll go cuddle I love you in guacamole when never I'm lonely my heart you will mend if you're a hard one you know that I'll make you fander I don't know your gender but your my little friend will ever since life one is a died I love to feel your warmest sides no green and slimy and I love you so like start cross lovers we both are lovers when I saw the lights your decroves this thing to so shut that I know I know you understand my problem you don't not leave away most all those vegetables you miss my one if that Watson can I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, God. What is the notice? What do you say don't eat the avocado in churches? How do you say it? Right. I did a quick joys while I was playing. How do you like that? Yeah. So whatever you said I didn't hear. Everything good? Oh yeah. Let's see. The rootest thing people do. Peanuts will see. We want to say whiz. I mean, it's a- Oh. Remember the, a whiz bag? What was that product? Was that tied? Was that whiz? Was that nimbad? I remember cheese was. Was like a loggergy detergent, whiz bag? Whiz. I thought it was whiz. No, no whiz. That's another product. What do you get with it? I'll steal partners' faces. Right. You like that? Uh-huh. I'm writing these down because I have to fix this to Eric. You're buddy. Great job by the way, Eric. You're doing a hell of a job. It's fun to what they say. Uh, that father of people in the bathroom. I, you know, Sean, I don't know what kind of life you're living. But that flaunt their wealth. And it's like Pete Rose going to the track and putting a stack of $100 on the table. I'm gonna throw that shit on the street. Oh, it's rude as it is. ghost, but we can still get on there. I see, it's rude. Ah, How about cell phone? Cell phone? Yes. How do you say that? Well, inappropriate cell phone usage, however you want to print it. They're okay. They're going to call while you're with people at the table, something right at theater, you know? Cell phone? Um, miss use? This is miss use. I like that. Well, that's not right. Cell phone miss use? I don't know. Oh, whatever. I don't we don't want to abuse okay, okay, sorry, thank yourself on too hard and it makes you sounds like that. Oh, I like that. Where the hell did that echo come from? We hit it at the same time. Are you serious? Amazing. It's nice. That was like man. The Holy Holy. Wow. That was like in stereo. Take talk loud on the red eye flight. Oh, yeah. Sarah, how to say that. I'm always very nervous about that because I never can sleep on a plan when they turn on after after they fade you 75 times when you're flying to Europe or any bothering people while they're trying to sleep bothering people while they're trying to sleep Yeah, I mean you know a little bit Inshui are we gonna start putting paragraphs on the polls now or what I know what I'm trying to say just you know We could shorten it up somehow You don't live with people anymore, but I'm sure that when you did that that happened. Yeah, of course Yeah, and it's rude and people know the answer sleeping in the other room and they're you know jam in the stereo and talking loud and or blur in the TV like you know being loud while people are trying to sleep yeah people are sleeping. I don't like well That's what I best I can do if you can shorten it up that's fine, but I evidently not so being loud Rough people are sleeping. Okay. I thought you said you had one was that the one oh no no cutting in line Whether it's at the supermarket or in terms of immigration cutting in line. Yeah, that's gonna get a lot of votes Yeah, I love that one good choice. They're a judge like my favorite You go to the supermarket and somebody standing in front of you in line with nothing and then you think that There's no problem like parting in public. Yeah, you think they're gonna get a magazine or something like that No, they're just holding the line for their partner who has the cart overflowing with stuff that's gonna cut in front of you Yeah Oh, and so speaking of that whatever the hell I want one bit was a two-bit's back Paramount pictures and a seating star Tom Cruise failed to live up to expectations this weekend when mission impossible Three open two week numbers oh yeah at the domestic boss or a fist despite a barrage of pubic appearances By Mr. by Miss Cruz to throw up the film. Hey Tommy you fairly you can not kid anybody in mole The poor opening followed nearly a year public mocking of Mr. Cruise how to with most reliable Star and the centerpiece of Paramount's biggest franchise across the pop culture landscape by internet bloggers and late night comedians and constantly on tabloid covers After his public over the top wooing of actress Katie Holmes and his outspoken remarks against side-kind Wean anti-depressive medications still last year You're not full anybody any more Tommy that whole sign-tallogy thing, you know Pres everybody saw that soft sarcasm so whether I such kids like to or not too bad that if they didn't they ought to they ought to over and over again I didn't know that Oprah had a talking breakdown. I know she talked through it many times It'd be surprised what to talk opening in 4,000 plus theaters mission impossible three and estimated ticket sales 48 million dollars for the weekend almost 10 million hour less than the second mission impossible movie in 2000 see to me I'd have a lost in him so it's just like the Kentucky derby. I can just you know bus people's balls I didn't watch the race but to say to me mission impossible is the TV show just like Batman Yeah, I did see a couple of the Batman movies and very disappointed because they have nothing to do with bat Man, there's a Batman movie from about 1970 that's two hours of in fact it was on the other day in my cable Mm-hmm and it had all the all the evil doers I'm wearing like a submarine See that they type things yeah Penguin the pink ones on there in the riddle and the didler and the Joker and they're all on there together And Robin and Robin's got his knickers in a not and his tights to I mean That's Batman so mission impossible with Peter Graves and What's your name Barbara baby and her former husband Martin Linda Martin Landial and Greg Morris and the other big Goofy guy was like sliced along. What's his name? I think he's dead. Oh, I don't know based on market research to film had been expected to reach about 65 million But only 48 million pretty week time a pretty pretty week Many in Hollywood but watching expect it. We see if the negative publicity surrounding miscrues What have it affected the box orifice and this weekend? It appeared as if it had good top on that couch one more time you jackass you Perm out reported that mission impossible three took an 118 million worldwide in 15 55 countries doing well in a Jullette and Merck and Britain and probably in Germany Austrian Switzerland where there's public opposition Mr. Cruiser championing of his religion Scientology. I don't know wonder I liked your money so much and Switzerland Maybe the Schweites, maybe that's where it's at what do you like better Schweites or Schweites? Schweites but apparently he said Mr. Cruiser's public image didn't hurt to film I don't believe that this is a factored by my way Other is disagree noting Mr. Cruiser personally spearheaded the marketing campaign he visited many countries Mappets access to that they opening going to Rome Paris London, Mexico City and I'm Friday attended four different careers And Manhattan alone traveling by helicopter fire truck SUV and a whole bunch of other crap And a promotional blitz across the city even in a boat The only X factor here is Tom Cruise that Paul their Garb Bidian present these evitivations Okay screw him Now there's a guy we've done that pull before somebody used to like and how you can't stand he's definitely one of them or her cannot stand him God he just gives me shpilkeys. I would watch him movie. He was in even in the old ones The only movie I would watch was losing it and I'd pretend he was now. Yeah, I like the board on the 4th of July still No, that's a good movie. No, he and Rainman was a great movie. Yeah, I'm not saying they ever made any good movie Oh, he can be a good idea Personally is just so a plug plus you know something is always the same He's like the Spencer Tracy of this era. He's always a Tom Cruise playing Tom Cruise And the best example of that is Rainman. It's it's basically Tom Cruise and I return to Dustin Hoffman What it is a good movie though and of course a lot of it centers around Las Vegas and Kmart and Cincinnati Too bad to bed that weren't at Walmart. He could have said Walmart sucks. Yeah, I guarantee if he would have said Walmart sucks today And they showed that movie they get a standing govation. I stand up and cheer I'd be raising fingers all over the place 1143 17. They'll noon a QAM So we got that pull on and rude rude things people do Could also add some crap on there if we want during the show today or not we can wait till tomorrow We still have today. We got plenty of fish to fry you know, I know I'm a smell on right now smell like cash Why do people eat cash? You know cash fish just been all their time at the bottom of the So you trip in lots and crabs and group right now. Yeah, what else grouper who eats grouper? I do me. Oh my god Here he started is gonna come into that bitch. That's trif probably and you probably put butter on it and bacon Oh What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long in the sweat box known to South Florida What's not easy whether your AC goes out how about getting you an Instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner the five star audition of the carrier infinity system And you get this fabulous system from our good friends at Royce Air and heat where they've been taking care of track out area families for three Long generations now, so these are obviously people who you can trust as the carrier factory authorized Need to Royce guarantees are 100% satisfaction that guarantee is backed by carrier the people in a bed at their conditioning in the first place Have now invented the carrier infinity system This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted self from maximum efficiency and speaking of that to maintain maximum efficiency on your Corrid air conditioning system They should have do this smart thing and that is to join their Royce air and heat comfort club To us here they inspect and tune up your system and favor and have any kind of a problem at all with your AC You'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off on any to repairs to all of these things All of these three is 110 bucks a year So whether you choose the two speed and finish system of piran or piece of bike with a comfort club either way Make the smart choice the Royce choice our OIC Royce air and heat calm tool free and stay cool all your lives glad and teed 1 800 3 770 075 that's 1 800 3 770 075 Got There are more And my work when there's a rocket set the airport got to be the dog trouble with the cops Because enough the car when just trouble at the airline's got to read the dog throw instead of a car I'll fight enough the car when your flight is delayed. It's gotta be the dog getting that a car Tells us about the car at the police on my case. You just wanted first class in the next thing that you know Do you rest it hot? This man so one once To air to see To Boy he and he a poet and he don't know and how do you like that? It's all of me for no new QA and we got to bulk out up into the four which Little relief from that. I don't say if you like the door. All right. 30 QA and hello QAM Right WQAM hello wrong goofball QAM Good morning how are you today? Okay, I was wondering if I could make a request for one of your set tires that I actually please Not no Let's see here's a fact there from what it was awfully polite about it though and I guess I wasn't No, it's not an honest answer the answer is absolutely positive way I got going on here and we're not gonna just stop there. Now we're not doing that request today. Okay That's when George is on the summer. We'll do that every day. Yeah, right 800 and 6 is we vote on a poll. Let's see what I hate like poise now under the ambition Cheney who's the who do you think's the biggest who do you miss trust the most the geishmok they're all crooks 365 Keep people healthy and sad with Donald Rumsfeld 7 Jeff Bush all man 102 fat ass governor What's he gonna do after is this term expires? But probably Charlie Chris do fairies once he coming out. It's gonna be the next dictator. Do you know? I guess who came out finally Jeff can and duckard came out. I got that story The basic product That would be like miss fudge coming out Hillary Clinton 72 condolese 52 Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalo 17 John McCain 17 I hate this pool 15 and Johnny Grapotti only 14 because they have no idea who that is bald-headed Nazi Colonel clink he belongs in a clank Anyway, somebody facces and said is mission impossible the big guy was Peter Lupus. You're absolutely correct. Remember him? I got the disease And the original team leader before graves a later played the DNA and law and orders is telly. Well, telly. Thanks, paly I knew like that. Hi, paly Okay, so my Peter Lupus. So I guess we got him all right. So we didn't get him all there was one other guy I was gonna not cheat. Uh-oh now there was one other when we left out Martin land down Greg Morris Barbara Bane Peter Lupus Peter Graves I'm almost tempted to play the theme now. I'm so whipped up about this. I love that I love the theme That shows a great show and the idea that Tom Cruise somehow has got anything to do with the real mission impossible So ludicrous, you know ludicrous ludicrous in it there it is Well, we're version of this. Oh, I don't like it. I got several of it Oh, this is being moving very good Oh my god, man You know this computer so slow Why would you do that for him playing these themes? Oh, I can probably find one here Oh the quadts get Okay So anyway, like I said, I wouldn't watch them. We was even a Tom Cruise Ward and I'm, you know, although I've prepared it to be a better chance, but I just, I'm not in the movie we make of TV shows. Because they generally like to be wished. I didn't see that and I read that it was a piece of crap. Oh, it was brutal, I didn't even see it. The monsters, I read that it was a piece of garbage. They read it, monsters. Was it the monsters? No, not the monster. It was the other one. The animals. I'm sorry. I never liked the TV show anyway. Do you like the TV show? The animals. Yeah, that was all right. You really? Yeah, and then of course, the monsters was your buddy. You're looking for glory holes. Grandpa. Yeah. Abraham was 79 votes on the pool, but better get with it. We're going to do that one tomorrow. The rudest thing people do. Maybe some people will call in. How about burping out loud? You know, the Dutch, they do that without without any guilty conscience. Yeah, I don't care. As long as I'm not like downwind of a real greasy garlic belt or something, we all, they don't care. They, uh, they built silver. In fact, I think maybe it's like an intero comment. Like you boy, this meal was sure good. Eh. You don't like that. Speaking of that, Israel's most sought secret service agent, C. Killed A. Palustinian, wanted her airplane hijackings by feeding him, poisoned bells in chocolate over six months in the late 70s, according to a new book, the office said Saturday. All right. And as soon as I saw the headline, I thought to myself, one name came to mind you. Who was? Uh, what's his name with the Godfather? No. Are you thinking of you like, Walla? Yeah, yeah, that's no. Yes, you're on a fart. All the yet the slow poisoning. Yeah, interestingly enough, when you get to the mystery, talks about that. The book striking back is apparently the first time that details of the killing of coming to light and provide a glimpse and how sophisticated Israel is at poisoning. So if Shire leave, he is still there. By the way, I think he's gone. No, he's here. He's still there. Where does he work? And he's not in the morning anymore. Now he, uh, he does updates and he's the more than reporter. He offers you any food at the games, random. I'll say, I'll, I'm sorry, I'm kosher. Right. In his book, author Aaron Klein describes how Israel tracked down Wadiya Hadad, an operative of the popular frontful liberation of Palestine, not to be confused with the, uh, not so popular front for the, uh, that's that money Python thing, just in Christmau. People's the front of the GD. Right. In fact, that Hadad had gone into hiding in the Iraqi capital. If there's you'll begin killing Palestine in militants around the world, Klein told us you're a radio suspected in multiple hijackings, including the 76 take over an air France airplane and, and heavy Uganda. Hadad knew from the Israel attack, thick study could be shot or bombed as he walked the street or even picked up a phone. Just like an enemy with a rob low, old on step on a break. Remember that? Yes. Yes. Hadad was cautious of every move of avoiding travel outside of Iraq said Klein, a time X and correspondence in Jerusalem, but the 39-pound food lover had a weakness, chocolate, Ray Nagan was on to him. In fact, that in 77, the Lusheries like fine chocolates were rare. Through a Palestinian working with him, Assad would've gotten close to Hadad. He was able to feed him chocolate, rougher Belgium, and spread with poison over six months. He died March 78, showing only signs of leukemia, but no signs of poisoning. Hadad like that. Who? Since the death of Yasser Amafar in late 2004, rumors of swirling in the Arab world that long time Palestinian leader was poisoned by Israel. I don't think there's any doubt. Klein said there's no evidence that is your killer. Fahat would take years to prove that poison in front of a place because of Israel's sophistication. Error Farad died in a parasolable in 2004, but he was a stroke and followed a sudden deterioration in his health, unexplained. Medical workers have been inconclusive about the cause of that leading some palaces to implicate Israel. Klein's book recently came out in Israel in Hebrew. Bahru Khatah, Tony Tachaklet, Tidstray, etc. I like that. I like the name of the book. So the Israelis are poisoning people. Nothing worth important. What's that? What? Gears? I thought tapping on my door. I'm sitting here my underwear. That would not be good. We're nasty sight. It's 157 at 5. 60 WDQ and hey being outdoors a lot means you've got to take good care of your tits. You've been doing a lot of waltz in a mile and all over town. Like that guy in Kukuznas. Remember he was always waltz in a mile? Yes he was. I love him. What was his name? He had a name. No, no. Anyway, the only place to take your feet to make sure they get properly taken care of is Brandy Shoes and Pompeo Beach. Brandy's carries all your top brands like Floreschime, Echoma, Fisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance and lots of other names. Brands and all sizes for men and women. They even carry waltz and hard to find sizes. Brandy Shoes is the largest independent Shubi Titor in all of South Florida. When you see this slice and value get you know a lot of it. Telling you for years this is the only place to take those feet. Go see everybody. Arnie, how make sure you always get the right fitting shoes after right price too. And all of those department stores were forever and ever you were, wait to get weighted on and then they finally do it. I mean whatever style you pick up. Sorry, Mr. don't have that in your size or man. The only thing they do it brandy is his shoes. So don't worry about size selection service or price. They're absolutely unbeatable all the time. Brandy Shoes is 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach. You'll find a right between Atlanta and Copeland on the East Side Can't Miss it. Open Monday through Saturday's July every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupid and as a smart time to buy, Floreschime Shoes at Brandy's take 10 to 30 bucks. But turn it off on selected men's floor. Shime Shoes this week. So be sure to get your fat ass into Brandy's and shop there this week or do your shoe shopping right online the easy way of Brandy's shoes.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8L. Welcome back to the game show that sets the price and gets dried or no dry. That's how you didn't really believe I supplied a man crab. I didn't think so. I'm your host Howard O'Well. Okay Norman, but for the break you opened up 17 of the 25 oil barrels and all the reasonable prices are off the gas station sign including $1.32. $1.39. And 49 cents a gallon. Remember those days? Did you? Hey Lane, are they still left out? $250? $4. And $5 a gallon. That would be Mr. Orange Alvin executive when his latest price offer. Yes sir, yes master. I will sir and thank you for your generous oil sir. Okay Norman, you've been open three more barrels or America can pay $3 a gallon. Okay Norman my question is, drive or no. I don't know. True bus is down. I don't know. I mean, we couldn't have one but five dollars a gallon. Can I go Mr. O'Vee? Oh gosh. I'm sorry America but I'm going to hit the sea. Drive. Yeah like you really have it twice a year. So, suck it up America and soon ends of my life. When do I owe you? Once again Mr. Another you can't refuse. Come on four or five sixty. WCM don't forget join us today. And if I write now at White Hot Heat headquarters, it catches the day in my Mountain Luzoon Road just up to the E36 presented by kettle one vodka. Be there for not all the final buzzer sounds with loud broadcast from two to full and seven to ten for game on between the heat minutes. Catch the day in my and if for QMs White Hot Heat headquarters right now. Go down there and see somebody. Who's there I wonder? There. I'll see it would be nice. Maybe somebody important is probably rock it roll. Leslie Ann Warren 70 and 71. Sam Elliott 70 seven when these are people who want to fish an impossible. Barbara Anderson 72 and 73. Barbara Baines Church his name was Simon. I just don't remember that don't you? Simon. And when did they George 71 and 73 was on fish an impossible. I was a great show. Yes it was. You're assignment Mr. Falk. Who do you accept it? And then of course it's tateful to selfless me. 900 one votes on a pool of man by White Hot Clock. We're going to have our 1000 pretty damn close to it. Well I feel like we made a major accomplishment. They'd come back you know. I don't you feel like we made a giant a comeback. Oh no I thought we were doing great just from the get go. Well actually it's all relative. So if our relatives get to die we screw down and have any relatives. Very few. You got a lot of relatives? Yeah of course. I just got a lot of relatives seeing get the maybe big new them. I'll try to get that right work on it. 70 QA M hello. QA M. 50 a Charlie intellectual line. WQA M hello. White socks, bright socks really on it. Yeah yeah yeah. Too bad we don't get any respect. 560, 560, 560, 560 and they've arrived in SIGTER wireless line. Waiting for her. And we had like I think we had one today and we like a real call. I don't remember that. Oh yeah way way back. We're gonna have to happen but you know so long as a very long time ago. Way way back seems like only 100 years ago when we sat down you know. WQA M hello. QA M. Yes sir. To that Greg Norris knew. No he did not forget Greg Morris. I said it twice. Yeah yeah step out Woody. Step out in the middle of traffic Woody okay do us all a favor. Do the human race of favor Woody. I have no life. We know that. He's just starting to get like real chronically. No no no no. He's getting right. He comes and goes and we. We're going to load there for a while. We're going to wait for a long time ago Woody. Okay so let's just wait for you by by. See you Woody. Not soon we hope. Not Woody Greg with our own computers. This is what he jack is. I've never heard that dad drove out of the parking lot after the show at the packs. And you know I told him. And some schmuck comes pull up long side rules. There's window down as I'm about to turn out there. Uh it's what he it's what he. I had I had any brains at that time. If I would have been the crypto would have. Like that. Can you imagine a great pubic sir. I probably got a middle of that. Go for it. Purple jelly. WQA M hello. That's how slow they are today too. Must be because it's Monday. Hey Royce. Yes sir. I don't forget Leonard and the boy man. He was on uh. Leonard and the boy of course not help but we forget that. Mr. Ears right. Hey Leonard you got your ears on. I beg your pardon. For your rude poll. People that say they're going to call you back and never call you. People who don't return. Oh I love that. That's a QMS a special one. Yeah. We'll return phone calls. Thank you. People who don't return phone calls like Greg Reed. Yeah. What was that? Leonard Nemo is since you mentioned it. See it I walked the line. I keep it in. I guess you want to keep up with your shabby. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're in mind. You gotta be kidding. I walked the line. Well I think originally it was on that out. They both. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. yeah. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'll always turn phone calls. That's one of the rootest things. When you're a general man in a radio station. To be like a respectable person. You want to chat? Until the rpido student who leading date by graduate Like Greg told you when I go to bed. Princess Haan whom I came to show you his role in the talk. claim the fame not returning from cost there was another one too but we probably won't talk about it near yet you know what i'm talking about no what w q a n hello you know this the relationship there side by he had that was special Gilbert that was perfect i think it's the same person only the only the coke bottle lies have changed to a perfect the only same person i believe five six seven five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line double q a m hello now we were wondering when you're gonna die right let us know i think i said you want to come to my funeral let us know when you're gonna die because i'll be sure to attend that even if i'm already did i'll make it come back just for that you and your boyfriend double q a m hello down john since her president this you gotta go now double q a m hello tomorrow meal yes you know they have a recent release of the uh Truman compote a movie never not didn't see it okay well that there's a movie he made years ago and for some reason i never saw it called in cold blood right i guess watched it when he wrote the book i mean right okay that is broken uh for some reason i never saw the movie but there's the you seen the movies so it's too too no i have not seen the movie let me say again did not see the movie i saw in court love yes oh that's what i mean the movie in court boy long time ago two punks it killed the family and all that right okay there was something going on to that i missed the one guy kept calling Robert Blake's honey baby and sweetie really and i i looked at it i just remember Truman compote a wrote it so that may have something to do with it five six seven oh five sixty in gay pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line i know that he would like uh Robert Blake or maybe he was uh like the redder yeah i may be using love with his cock and two and i'm a 13 wrote on the poll w q a m hello yeah i um meal yes sir um i wanted to add to your poll please um people will athletes that do interviews athletes that do shows for your i mean against the flagship station look at dancho roulette's record the curse live what what does that mean i was hoping you could explain it to you have any idea what he was time i think i think it was a good message in area uh it was a sports thing so i didn't get it yeah but what it has to do with rude things people do i have no idea but i said and dancho man he's getting the snap uh hit out of him this year you see that i guess i guess maybe 50 wins is a little bit optimistic for the marlins were they eight and twenty one yeah well let's say such a story about winning a game at home another that be tough for him eight and twenty one so let's just rounded out to even not turn there and multiply it in times the 162 is like five and then we'll uh so i'd say maybe like 45 games they might win which i mean they would lose 117 well let's just go for the record i mean don't stop at hundred one twenty right well they got a shot at that like to be Johnson would say we got a shot at uh the all time working so i'm sure that the public as much as they were reluctant to spend one dime a public money before to help pop bail out these millionaire billionaire types i'm sure if they lose 120 games I'm sure everybody will say oh if we just build them in a state and they'll be great just like a panthers look what happened after we built a matter winner right panthers have made the playoffs act a total of three times in the history of the organization three times in the whole history of the franchise the ultra flies they lie like crazy about the attendance they can't give away the tickets believe me they're trying like crazy to give away as many as they can to boost up the number but other than that everything's going quite well i would say and nobody cares about that anyway right not because like hang said everybody's concerned about and the fight right and very bonds and ward bonds who else they've uh what was his name on channel 70 to the USYZ Dave bonds that once had the flyland i was in the middle of a news case i told you that's 30 minutes time no we's Dave dials and bill bonds that was the news guy on channel 70 to a great newsman for since a professional news market they didn't have no like uh angel array on there or uh can't can't be a martian or silly as Tony cigaretteo cup 13 at five sixty wqm at the melting pot man you're not just gonna have a mirror you're gonna have a real experience and you're gonna be dipping in all kinds of fantastic things at the pod because fondue is a memorable four course dining experience there enjoy a variety of unique countries and special melting pot dipping sauces start you dinner out with the melting pots run out cheese fondue served with three different breads, granny Smith apples and crisp veggies next your choice to salads all with the melting pots homemade dressings and then your on trays include all of these fantastic things that you dip in duck in the great stuff lobster filet manion shrimp cage and season chicken pork portable mushroom duck and lots more cooked in oil or broth whichever you prefer and the melting pot dipping sauces are to die for and the for dessert the chocolate fondue is so good that even rainagan would do summer sauce for it if your fresh strawberries bananas pineapple all your favorite fruits just dip them in their mandipam and dunk them cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed oreas and graham crackers it's so good you'll be going back for more all the time something really different and something delicious no forget this coming Sunday is mother's day so take yamama to the melting pot nearby you for a real treat on mother's day call make your reservations real soon you're finding melting pot in candle kupersity north-nimey beach bokeh coral springs and prestigious fortlopher day this is new Rogers this is five sixty two eight and we the mom's a day on doctor's will you two it's still what happened I found a betrayer and I hit my head the field good now it's still that it's first I've got a concussion I have a question for you you think you're right oh I guess not bomb rich I had a jetty accident if you ever looked in the mirror and said why do I do I do it because I can't get no no satisfaction I just think you are what was it again it's a 12 18 that was a good leap in everybody just you know just double double duty just I can sure by the way is that yes Miguel is the one down there at the catch of the days that where he is oh go down there and watch Miguel catch it and he's got the best of the old products for anyone I'm not so far a lot of no I don't know keep asking and I actually had passive along to and he ain't well that's okay we're still we're talking about he ain't gonna be telling I'm not gonna sign all those things he sent me about 85 thousand those damn uh... uh... he's he's he's those I think we're gonna total you can finish it up I asked him last week uh... well if we had a total and he said he he's still waiting for an answer I'll come on twenty set I think I've probably had a hundred thousand and a god probably ran off it about seventy five grand oh who can blame I take it I could take that seventy five grand of woodbond and cut that thing in about a third no time not actually we'll see what happens and of course you're probably thinking I know what you're thinking or whether sixty hours on Saturday now you're going back again today you have a problem go for I said I don't have a problem just in the mood for you have to be in a right mood plus when I'm there I don't need you don't have a problem you can afford it by me if you're there sixty hours you lost a hundred bucks you know plus the can't fair I mean only a single guy like me can afford to the other parts of the I mean hundred bucks that's it's almost not even worth the effort when he come right down it's like a take a gas there you go bitter battle brewing over smiley face uh oh for decades the yellow happy space symbol has encouraged millions to smile have you ever smiled when you saw smiley face no I haven't either so I don't know what that means oh it's encouraged people that mean that it achieved the year goal the smiley face and have a nice day you have to define the sevenies have a nice day with two dots in a pencil stroke school children have bright and head written messages by filling in their oh is with many smiley they fill in their oh these days nearly a cherry email is complete with a they type of graphical smile can I ask you a question yeah because I'm supposed to be somewhat computer literate and I do you know send a few emails here and there but uh how do you do that where does that come from the little smiley face then yeah well it's it's software now though the actual graphic one you see that somewhere the little yellow one yeah it depends on the program that they're using to create the email and you probably have an option on the hot mail which you use yeah probably have a little option there it's little box that you click on and uh oh well not that I would use it right uh it brings up the options for you but a bitter legal battle over smiley could be enough to make the happy little symbol frown uh oh Walmart stores which uses a yellow happy face to try to put a chopper's neck carefree mood is saying with the straight face that it has exclusive rights to the familiar image at least among retail department stores I totally their evil while is the the world's largest retailer is fighting a French native who is in millions and licensing fees on smiley since the early 70s when it begins to green trade marks for the happy face around the world it's the case of mischievous smiley versus lace miley or that lace smelly the two sides are expected to wrap up their cases before the West pendant trademark or fist is summer see these are the kind of things we ought to be worried about not who wants to say it as fight asker they love why am I asked asker they love oh yeah even a retailer is recently suggested drop mischievous smiley from its advertising as part of larger attempt to appeal to more off scale shoppers hasn't dulled Walmart's fighting spirit if Walmart prevails a computer is from festuing the symbol on plastic bags name badges and just anything else sold in stores the freshman Franklin Lou Franny responded bluntly without a happy face no comment but Walmart spokesman john smiley not to be confused with smiley was happy to it's kind of ironic that this oldest food is about a smiley face he said but in the end in the end back home it's what it is it's a market we have tremendous investment in is very close to identified with our company this is the first time I've heard that do you ever assume that the smiley face and Walmart were like anything to do with each other do I do that they use it I mean that they stole it I hear they're gonna try to copyright the star the checkmark next yeah Walmart and these swastika although for some best at billions of dollars to the years smiley said linking it's named the yellow circle with two dots for eyes and a loopy grin the company says it's been using what it calls mystery smiley since 1996 and more limited ways long before that but the company didn't move to register the trademark till somebody else threatened to do so first smiley said that was the franny who began registering that that was the guy's name the character in that movie franny was his name franny all right in ps it's okay it just doesn't go anywhere it doesn't you know it's no point to it they did it and they liked it and he liked her and she liked him and he wasn't her old boyfriend from high school and that's pretty much it that was the franny who done it who began registering the face around the world more than 30 years ago not to the man instead of a company in London smiley world the police had used many people have claimed to have invented smiley but the man widely credited with creating smiley was the late Harvey ball that's right nice and choose what said that's right do you know that said did oh Massachusetts graphic artist was commissioned by an insurance 1963 to reduce bad blood among employees after the company we merged with the rival original concept was just for a smile ball told the telegram and cassette of Worcester mass 97 that he ended the eyes so they disquerted employee couldn't turn this smile upside down to make a frown that was clever that was good to take in use yeah what a what a freaking genius for his efforts ball earned more than a song in the smile 45 bucks whatever by half a tank against by the time ball thought to cut and ever tell you about the time I was driving the wrong way on trim on street and Boston with my corvary anyway by the time ball thought to copyright the design in the 70s his happy face that reproducibly 50 million times making it part of the public domain Lou Franius tended to create a lace smiley after the 60 student riots in Paris as well as designate positive news stories as trademarked a symbol at least 80 countries that goes on Walmart said it had no choice but to oppose the front in secret register missed this smiley for which use Lou Franius turned foul legal papers supposedly well large claim and at 425 the captain were finding it 72 trillion dollars lawsuit against Joyce pitch and the vanjo boys grouping for trying to sabotage the show for trying to deep six this show bitch hateful sal when i'm 42 votes will have a thousand by the top of the arm to impress yeah that's all pretty pretty pretty in close other motion shanny which government had to you missed first the most I like that one for tomorrow people don't return phone calls that was excellent why didn't we think of that because we're trying to forget Greg you know that that would be one of his famous deals he he would he would make a deal for somebody that whether was rimmer or was default to hire them and they did and then would just forget about it right well it's almost like hired the and they'd keep calling and leave messages and he just wouldn't return their calls that was his way of evading the truth you know they're going to face the music they're all crooks for a hundred and one was there any doubt Donald rummisfile two nineteen jab bush one fourteen your fed ass governor pilloric Clinton 77 you know i got a real good story about her that you're gonna like because i know you're real real nervous about her by marcos more of the molotsis in uh watching post tell we're putting too much of a clip in democrat question mark basically what he says is it's a death wish again that thank you been saying that yeah anyway sweltering is got seventy seven condolese or sixty six albert of a five thousand dollars eighteen john McKinney teen i hate this full fifteen and john agrapani if they only knew only fourteen so that's a kind of i think get away with they sneak his bald head in there and you know nobody knows for for my name in those history is background the butcher of a Honduras he's the one that uh first he was personally get rid of four to mature guys then of course is all these rumors about four to mature guys was involved all the scandal with the do coming him and the hookers in the all i got a crack you know all of these all of these things twenty six past no we're discussing mission impossible today and Greg Morris uh who's dead interesting that they had a black eye naturally right it was costalary just like the rookies they had a black cop and hoax and heroes you got to have a token in it well one of the truth like america now uh Charlie's angels and i've no black chick right no no just a black hair chick never seen no black people in superman Richard pyre was in one of uh he got burned by that uh you know that uh one of the co-writer is one guy was from Cleveland the other guy was from Toronto that wrote superman you know no idea we in fact in the yesterday's Toronto star there was I should have kept it a whole history of superman and it's all as various incarnations those kind of testing yeah not I could play the superman team but i just played up here today hey sometimes it's the things you can see they can really be a bad for you in south over for twenty eight years dry concepts is absolutely the best of dry cleaning carpets it's why I've used them in my homes for over twenty one years in fact they were just there like about a month ago they're usual stupid in this job when you dry clean your carpets you can really clean today and then entertain night because they don't stay so far as the dry concepts they're drying you ready to rock and roll just a matter of hours carpets take cleaner longer but no sticky residue left behind it with over fifty thousand satisfied customers you won't be alone I guarantee you that don't forget dry concepts are also the experts what comes to water restoration damage good to keep in mind during hurricane season certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just minutes not days and dry concepts can get your home of business dry within twenty four to sell you to ours it's guaranteed and they give you a written guaranteed price up from before they start to job no scams no tack on to the end no no BS and a top at all after I concepts has got the stindi art or we had a work cleaning plant the only one in south photo right on site that's dedicated the keeping in the respective areas looking just like brand new so do yourself a humongous favor and called dry concepts today and one eight hundred two four eight five seven one it's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one around the wicked web dry concepts dot com this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight four david's a bitch I'm gonna read for babies I want to demo with a tube pointed by God up on boys sub the right and I got fun a truck ever looks girl let's we'll see you in white and still got fun I can't hear well covered come to an end it pays to this the asses of power of the man and believe me my friends or anyone else they get five years to take they deserve to get thought yeah so what I got hired some hillby lease back and got to bust it with my family all the organs for the pain of my back there's still got mustard and I've been on for me since 2003 I'm a victim of the vast liberal conspiracy and now I have a bunch of like Larry Keaton why got fussed up my friends but I'm back from the world of the guy he's three thousand dollars what they don't we all know I'll tell you what they're run out of I'm gonna tell you what they're doing 2003 and five sixty wqm twenty seven to one we got the bulk camp where Kimbo coming up with two man dog at four and then another stuff Hillary Clinton says Markos mool let's us in the Washington Post story's got a few problems if he wants to secure the two thousand eight presidential democratic nomination sees a leader who fails to lead he does not appear like the bubble most of all he already has a bill Clinton problem and no not about that moving in a two thousand eight republicans will be fighting the shake off legacy of the bush years the jobless recovery the former said ventures the nightmare fiscal management the Katrina mess unimaginable corruption and imperial president would look regard for the constitution or the rule of law every democratic content will be offering change but I can't be demanding the kind of change that can only come from outside the beltway Hillary Clinton leads the democratic rivals in the polls and in fundraising unfortunately high ever the New York senator is part of a failed democratic party establishment led by arous been that enable the George W. Bush presidency and republican majorities and all the havoc they have worked at home and abroad course it's still early at this point in the last presidential cycle the first hints of how we're dean one sorry I think that's like you were burly emerging in 2002 democrats at no clear firmware the conventional wisdom was betting on a handful of insider candidates with money connections senator is july women in john kary and representative dick give heart these three were supposed to contend the early pulls gave them especially july women the inside track to the nomination and immediately the rest of the field no more than usual dismissive cover it i'm not going to read the whole thing but basically what it says is that per position on the war has been uh you know unacceptable she's been a shield she's been forward she's been supporting it in person Clinton is one of the warmest politicians ever for many says but it advises of stripped what personality she has hiding it from the public what remains is a heartless passionless machine surrounded by the very people around the activist based in the 1990s and it continued to hold a party's grassroots in other contempt the operation is rudderless well a son is significantly leadership and a top-up office as a member of democrats don't think she could win a general election anyway i mean like that a sizable number of democrats don't think she could win the general election anyway i think she could win the election for dog capture mark was malicious by the way spotty political blog daily cost good site excellent nine sixty six oh my god if we just turn that first nine upside down for a second because you know what happens when you get upside down yeah we'll be six six six and then we turn it back to the 90s to make sure we get our thousand or else five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line see this is what happened when i don't like keep pumping the numbers out because then they they just take it for granted you right i'm gonna spoon feed them on course that thing i played with mow for the four thousand time about the national guard and actual guard troops in a rack which once constant and half the army's fighting force and dramatically reduced could be largely phased out of major combat responsibilities next year as military officials debate their performance of what role they should play in future conflicts the rack was an important test whether the army could use the guard more aggressively and that's as his last resort during the cold war the guard was recast is these strategic reserve it will be used in the big fight against the Soviet Union the big fight that of course never came so they're getting the national guard out of a rack chasing you're on q a m you don't have any national guards because they're all fighting a war in a rack right now not the national guard not the national guard not the national guard not the national guard national guard the national guard not there's no national guard no let me read that first sentence again national guard troops which once constitute a half the army's fighting force in a rack have been dramatically reduced not that we need to keep making the point but you know what why not loud and wrong how to good combination loud and wrong you know a centorian and wrong but it would be but it would be but it would be but it would be the hand the hunger didn't like at least to have a hug in a kiss and I put it on the line that was important on that and that friend how he snubbed everybody and for some reason spoke to the girl which I wonder why because maybe like me you know why they said what he's looks I say WQA and hello QAM maybe some ago was one that didn't hate him yes he was wrong thank you you're cross-dressing is pretty embarrassing okay they're gonna ban you as in the track WQA and hello okay good take a couple of more of these now have a feeling today we're like down to a precious few you know remember that's not about climax precious and few sure we got eight people are called radio talk shows in town and we got them all though that's one good thing we just have like two or four or five one and two we got all eight climax first listen to you now say another hit call run come on this is this deal we have a like you're right about it but I know that boy the boy let me look up well actually they're on the one hit one is but I know that's wrong over the him out of him right what did you think of the climax blue thing oh they did not have two really they didn't do it what they did to the car that made those charts are you thinking of the climax blue thing you know I'm absolutely nothing of the climax blue is blind or any other climax oh hey sunny garatchy and look at the slasher wrist sunny garatchy on vocals Walter Nims on guitar virtual web around keyboards Steve York on bass and Robert Neilson on drums to rock you as members the outsiders time old let me remember that time all of the other characters in count of the right details of its songs there you have it every new that all right all right not enough some very useless okay that's enough of precious and few okay time old let me there's the outside what about I'd say 69 got to you on it 66 I see I was just a nail I don't know about that I'm a fast man oh that's that is criminal by Paul the Rugga I had that thing Neil like just like yeah I tell you Josh little hard aspect that's it I'm pretty good you're cool that's right you know I'm sorry that is about my evil spell that's not what you buy in that TV set or thank you yeah that's why I haven't gotten it for the primal let me yeah it's a very easy guy okay that one drug deal for the finish up this week okay that's enough that's a good song a 66 huh yeah I guess we'll play that as an oldie in Kalamazoo in 68 69 have a few jett baby yeah see as soon as uh since the musicians stop having jingles that was the beginning of the end I know no jingles I guess they still have them but they're not the same they do they're not jingles the way that we did they're more like liners now like fancy liners I don't know I don't know what you're talking about I've never heard them like we do it they're not they don't sound like kingles now they're not jingles they don't have that one that you better call up my quance man and find out about your jingles I know that okay it seems to me and maybe with one of those books that focus at me sometime ago is the history yeah I think it was there's some listener maybe about Pam's jingles and about this dude accompanying about everybody but I think that it would play the hunt they were the best all Pam's were the best in fact maybe I would dig out one of my disc here it's got all the Pam's jingles on it nine hundred seventy eight votes on a poll I totally will have uh easiest thousand by the top there by one o'clock so I guess I can leave early right what do I got a catch a uh I got a catch a can to it's one of the catcher planes I think the catcher cam hey cammy that little epidemic here I wouldn't say a bit of a little string of bad news with cab drivers last week and Toronto how they're getting shot or something in the shots stand things like that one cab driver got killed for like I don't know how much but guy with four kids Indian guy eight books not because I asked I was talking with the I can't become a back of that and I said well how much you guys usually carry so maybe a hundred two hundred the most series of guys whose life was worth maybe two hundred bucks didn't that pathetic well is that maybe I would say your life is worth not turning man and I think we're gonna talk about it all the time that you that's only because you have that new deal 1242 at five sixty w q a and what's the worst thing you ever did growing up that drove your mom nuts you want to make up for this month is day Sunday let it know that you turned out okay and sent an original of a lot to the bear should receive a beautiful little bear made in Vermont to live in a home or work with a free card and gourmet carmels in a colorful gift box you can only get them by calling a friendly bear counselor told free at one eight hundred eight two nine bear or by shopping on their wick a wick a wick a website ever my teddy bear dot com the hope you tell her a very just for your mom or wife like the nurse the teacher the business woman or gardening bear social media for some real fun in your gift even have a fun new bear called bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be check out the all american mom dressed in a patriarch send recently an apple pie and for all you mama's boys out there be sure and send the mama's boy bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo on its arm his arm it's arm and dad that's your job to get your wife a gift from the kids and the mother and cup said is the smart way to do it and as many companies needed to learn brought your kids names on each one of the outfits or tell your wife you think she's still a hotty and send a yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie even if she smells like you know what said you were my teddy bear so much more personal and fun than flowers and Vermont hitty bears are guaranteed for life you know flowers are dead in a couple of hours and your little teddy bear will last a lifetime you can even deliver a bear in the office as you can brag about you to her co-workers works like magic every time overnight delivery your homework is guaranteed to so call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com this year send the creative alternative flowers from others day 1-800-829-B-E-A-R and be sure and tell metal bastards old meal on q-way i'm told you to call what this is a meal Rogers this is know that the lord even loves the electric It's a 1247-13-01-AQA. Ganon comes out, audio like that. Oh my God. But he did our his porn website that we all already knew about, or somewhere else. And a form in Philadelphia last week last Wednesday, he's a matter of fact, a conservative White House correspondent who do national attention for his past life as a gay, because a gay escort declared himself gay, gay publicly for the first time, I did always as puzzled. And finally answered questions about discrepancies in the logs of his trips to the White House. Jeff Ganon came out, followed a question from blogger activist Michael Rogers, who publish his page one Q, and maintains the blog, blog active, which reports on anti-gay politicians who are themselves gay. Oh no. I wonder what your buddies' position is on gay rights, and on gay marriage and all these other things. From, from position, he's prone to be that position. You're an ex-coverner. Oh that, that's already priced. Do Ferry. Hey Charlie. I kick you ass. Ganon emerged on the Washington State after a liberal blood reveal that he had worked as a gay escort prior to his installment at the White House. America blog, run by DC based John Eravosis, discovered revealing photographs of Ganon who build himself as an X-US Marine Corps Joc. In a conversation with Ross Storich, there's the evening Ganon spoke frankly about numerous questions. This side is raised about his work. Ross Storich was the first place where they published the secret service logs of the business for the White House. We're reading that Ganon checked out and checked it on numerous occasions that failed to check out. Oh, can I like to wrote some more tell? They checked him, but they never checked out. That's the problem with secret service record keeping Ganon. In seven-answer why secret service log show 14 days he failed to check out. He referenced an article from 2003, which revealed Shadi record keeping by the presidential. I think you're going to see that in this abormol thing that's coming out right now he added, you're probably not going to get a complete historical record. As to be able to stop the over to White House Ganon said, never. Absolutely, never stayed over to White House, never ever. My personal life has nothing to do with how I got to the White House as a reporter. My personal life had nothing to do with anyone in the White House or in the Bush administration. In other words, he wasn't doing anybody in there. I don't believe it. Maybe he's doing our Eiffelizer. I'm suspecting, Rove. He's a Rove and maniac. He's tingling like to mingle. At the panel in Tallahaphe was the Ganon phase questioning from Rogers. Eiffelizer and Gay Activist who has been critical, they can serve as track record at the White House. When Rogers last met Ganon at National Press Club discussion, he shouted a question from the back of the room. Did Ganon ever have sex with anybody in the White House? Subsequently, he was a square of the building and Ganon refused to answer. He was escorted on an interesting plan worth. Rogers is more successful in the Tallahaphe appearance once. The question if he was gay, Ganon said he was a member of this community. Rogers went farther. Are you a gay man? Ganon responded absolutely. Absolutely. Fso F. and Lutley. Yet perhaps the most stunning of Ganon's comments was as a search that he supports outing Gays, who live one life and vote another. Ganon who himself was outed as a former sex worker without his consent. Said that he supported the outing of the first while Virginia congressman, Ed Schrock, Republican of Virginia, who resigning the disgrace after Rogers posted tapes of him, and said he was gay sex on the internet. How do you like that? For a pervert. I look at the case of the congressman from Virginia. I'm not entirely clear of all the elements of that case, but it seems like he was voting one way in Congress. Living another way in his personal life again and told Rogers to write Thursday. That I think is a contradiction that probably should have been looked at. I wonder what Miss Mark Foley thinks about that. It's the same thing with these people that run around and talk about drinking his van. We're going to change the drinking age. Or we're going to restrict smoking. And then again, they do those same things like, I'm going to set the rule and say that doesn't apply to me. In other words, don't do as I do, do as I say, is what he's trying to think. Do as I gay. But he's said the outing of Senator Rick Sand Tourms communication director, Cross the line. Rogers outed Bob Trinham, Santorne spokesman earlier this year. What was done to Bob Trinham? I think was despicable again or Mark. That was just a Schmerer campaign in 10-Hurt Rick Sand Tour. Then every Saturday this was. How many Republicans are going to hire people they know or think are gay? And what gay people are going to go to work for Republicans because the fear of being outed? It's identity politics. He sent him against that kind of thing because it's been used to destroy people's careers. Rogers said, Friday's glad to hear that he and Ganon shares some common ground. I'm a firm believer in open dialogue. He said, and hearing that the risk common ground between Jeff and I, It should be between Jeff and me, it's certainly a step in the right direction for our community. Ganon also addressed accusations of plagiarism. I don't know about that. Nobody cares about that. That's gone. I'm going to do with sex. Right. And you're right. Now I need to do with sex. What who now gives a craft? So there we go. Jeff Ganon, Dr. He's gay. You're fair right. As if there was ever any doubt. We got a thousand thirteen votes. What did I tell you, man? Piece of cake. Piece of cake. Gah. Here's a diabetic standing there in the kitchen eating cake offering somebody was X-Wife and Godfather 3. Too much sugar in him will be man. Look at what those can always do to poor Eli Wallach. I thought we could reason together. And he's in that thing with his hands like, oh my God. Oh. Good morning. Only you. I'm actually the Italian definitely. Would I take his ass? You told me he's still alive, you know, I wallach? Yeah, thanks. Oh my God. And that's sad. He should only rot. Just for that movie. And then you told me you started thinking about other movies. And we realized how bad he is. I watched the good the bad in the ugly, which he's he's the ugly. He was the bad boy. Yeah, bad in the ugly. Right. And I just realized, hey, he can't act in anything. Really. Eli wallach. I thought we could reason together. Michael. What would it shame? Truly. Excellent movie. If it only. Right. Can bad casting. Great. Great. Too many hits to get it. Josh liked it a lot. I liked it a lot. I watched it several times. It's like a hard work Andy Garcia says. Joey. Zazan. Yeah, I liked that. That part's good. On the horse. He just horseen around. Maybe they should fear you. She's good though. Oh, yeah. You sure. But still. That's horrible. It was awesome. Here I go. Go. Right. Like it's a comedy thing. You know. Just got through all these murders again. Everything in all. Yeah. Michael. Probably will fear you. It turns around. Like they're coming. Hey, maybe they should fear you. And then the scene where he's laying out there on the Veranda, whatever. And Connie is like holding his hand and she's saying, oh, afraid. I think it was an accident. Yeah. He's like she's trying to convince him that he didn't have his brother killed. I was going to make him feel better. Padma on the head. You know, no, no, you'll feel better. Take two in call me in a morning. 2014 votes boy, oh boy. If we want to have that many people listening, you know, we'd be dangerous. You're going to be amazed at this. I don't know if I got. I'm thinking I've time to do this. They'll do it little tease around your home. There are countless gadgets whose electrical fields scientists now warn. Our link to the pression, Miss carriage and cancer. Oh, my God. I'm depressed. You know, wait to do this story. You're going to go home and unplug everything. It's going to be George unplugged. Kampo camp or Kimbo coming along or two. See, it says on their bow. I don't want to come bow. It sounds like little boat peepe. Some of I never think of Kimbo camp or a little boat peepe. I'll take it one thing boy over there. University of Dodge where they got that big mook. How in front they just love us. Man, we're always getting faxes from there. Inside information and gossip and all kinds of swirl. Maybe we're blasting down there. They got us blasting on the speakers. At least somebody down there would hear the show is opposed to like any QM building. Whether they're trying to pretend they don't have this show on their air waves. Isn't that basically how it works? Only a rock or show. We don't carry that. We don't carry it. Well, who is it? 1256 in 5. Ha ha ha. Oh man. Huh. Don't forget. 217 this afternoon. I have a battery of attorneys. They're filing a $25 quadrillion lawsuit against Joyce Fitch. The unmentsinable one. She is just beyond description. All of the words sourd has come to mind. You know, once again everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump. The good folks at Dalmatris at 1-800 mattress. Want to help you through this a little bit. Dalmatris is offering you a free tank of gas in his outworks. You simply take the full amount of any gas received off your next mattress purchase. Up to 10% of the purchase. Spend 35 bucks at the gas pump. Take 35 bucks off any purchase of 35. 250 bucks or more. Spend 50 bucks at the pump. Take 50 bucks off any purchase of 500 bucks or more. You'll need your gas received to save the money. My grab all over town skipped the wall in furniture stores and so called giants in the mattress business. Call 1-800 mattress right now and save a ton of cash. As always you choose the entire neighborhood with a 2-R-107 days week that you pick from 8-M-10-P-M. And when you call my friends at Dalmatris 1-800 mattress you choose the areas largest inventory of the top brand names. They'll often name goods they never heard of. They got only the best. See you. Certainos. Simmons King Corps. 10 for P to Externs and Foster. I've been using these folks for years. You ought to be doing the same. Call 1-800 mattress right now or do your shopping on their website at mattress.com. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last S because it stands for Stoo-Pendus Savings. This is Neil Rogers. FACT THIS is 5-16-2-8-S. I can't believe I was in the kitchen when I happened. I guess I was in the kitchen when I happened. I guess I was in the kitchen. Since dealers need to have one Natasha and I know long to have to look for a motion square. Instead we listen to a Neil Rogers parent and balance went to do hours. What I was in the kitchen looking for hours. One, two, three, four, five. Everybody in the car won't come all that bad to them. Making these around the corner of the car work now with new brand. We used to be in forna. I had this all in and I made a lot of loop. But now I'll wear it. I had this all in and I made a lot of loop. But now I'll wear a paper hat instead of a suit. I tell my tug is burgers, coats and fries, and steaming apple pies. Now the delight could courte just a, I wear a stickers and saw me as sir. I told my down and rings in my muffler. Now I've always taken your order. I used to say we're David J. and so. That before I burn two of us no. The nipples and the girls are what I made. Now I'm hanging out with the grimace. I wish I had my own rock star like bag. I think it's mellit just like a big rag. But I guess it's life for me through. I can't afford the damn dollar, man. You. Welcome to my channel. Man, take your order for me. Yeah, man. Hey, are you a little baker? Oh, yeah. You had that great song one more number five. Yeah, but now it's combo. I don't know. Number five. Hey, whatever happened a little beggar. That's it? You just heard it. I think we did. 101 at 56WQ and I have a couple of all of these. That fan black olives. I like green but black olives. I like green better with pimento is of course. Mm. Spanish olives. Mm. The curse of the mobile phone age, electronic smart from the independent UK by Jeffery Lean. Jeffery Lean. Invisible smart created by the electricity that powers our civilisation is giving children cancer, causing miscarriages and suicides and making some people allergic to modern life, new scientific evidence reveals. The evidence which is being taken seriously by an actual and international bodies in authority suggests that almost everyone is being exposed to a new form of pollution with countless sources in daily use in every home. Too official to see maybe the homeless again egg on us here. See that? Too official to farm and health reports on the smog or R to be presented to ministers next month in England and the health protection agency is recently held the first meeting of an expert group charged with developing advice to the public on the threat. The UN's worth of our world, our health organization calls the electronic smog one of the most common and fastest growing environmental influences and stresses that it takes seriously concerns about the health effects. It adds that every one of the world is exposed to it and that levels will continue to increase as technology advances. Wireing creates electrical fields, one component of the smog, even when nothing is turned on. And all electrical equipment from TVs to toast is give off another one Magnetic fields. The fields rapidly decrease with distance, but apply such as hair appliances such as hair drires and lifershivers, used close to the head, hanging of highest boars. Electric blankets and clock radios near to beds produce even higher doses because people are exposed to them for many hours while sleeping. Radio frequency fields yet another component are emitted by microwave ovens, TV and radio transmitters, mobile phone nests and phones themselves also used close to the haid. The WATOS is that the smog could interfere with the tiny, natural electrical currents to help to drive the human body. Nurs we've a signal by transmitting electric impulses, for example, while the use of electric cardiac ram tests to find the electrical activity of the heart. Campingers have long been worried about their exposure to fields from lines carried by electric pyros, but until recently, their concerns were dismissed even ridiculed by the authorities. But last year, study by the official National Radiological Protection Board concluded that children living close to the lines are more likely to be at a loop keemium. And ministers are considering whether to stop any more homes being built near them. The discoveries causing a large scale, reappraisal of having at the hazards of smog. The international agency for research on cancer, part of the WATOS leading international organization of the disease, classes this smog is a possible human-carcinogen. And for pressurid David Carpenter, Dean of the School of Public Health at the State University of New York, told the independent on Sunday last week that it was likely to cause up to 30% of all childhood cancers. A report by the California Health Department concludes it's also likely to cause adult leukemia, rain cancers, possibly breast cancer, and could be responsible for a tenth of all miscarriages. I like that. Perhaps, strangers to others increasing evidence that the smog causes some people to become allergic to electricity leading to nausea, pain, dizziness, depression, difficulties in sleeping and concentrating when the electrical appliances are going near mobile phone and the system is going to be a problem. Some are so badly affected that they have to change their lifestyle. I like that. Well, I can't sit too close to the equipment. I'll see ya. Oh, but I can't, I say I'm in the middle of the surrounded by the strut. Right. We all are electrical fields. And you say the homeless, but you know, there's the waves are coming from everywhere up the streetlights, off the power lines, right? The ones that make our signals sound. Like that. What ever happened at this AC radio craft that we're supposed to be supposed to be at the end of the night. It's just two to one's the one they have in engineering. It's lovely. They got one. Have you heard of you? Listen to it. Sure. Clear as a bandhouse. It sounds wonderful. Rich and creamy, boomy and basic. But nobody's got one. It's the clean right. They were HD, okay. They'll be telling us we got a band signal a lot of interference. Where HD, maybe. Go out and get you an HD radio. You cheap skates. 1,000 and 30 of votes on a pool. 5, 6, 7 months. Let's make this an hour of power on a phone. I don't want to go through that thing about those bright fires up there. I want to go. I'll leave you pressing stories. Ultra sound band advances on cruise who fly. The California Assembly is voted to restrict the use of ultra sound machines for personal use and proving a bill that would allow them to be sold only to license professionals. Democratic Assemblyman Ted Lou introduced the bill after Mission Impossible 3 star Tom Cruise. But an ultra sound machine that's images of a soundboard and child. Doctors and technologists typically receive years of training for ultra sound games which helps obstetrician check of baby's health. Cruise was criticized by doctors who said improperly using devices can harm a fetus. Ready for that? He's a crazy person. Tom Cruise. Yeah. Crazy person. I'm right to the science house. It's done it to me. I think it was crazy before they got a hold of it. Well, he now he fits right. I'm pretty good. WQAM hello. Any other door. Okay sir. Good. Guardian since you see. They had a couple of other songs. The same you do for love. And I'm done. And I'm not in love. Wait, wait, wait, wait. When were you talking about 10cc? Because they left in on the Yoke and it should have been. Oh, that guy. Yeah. 560, 560. That's the windshield is done on sky. The create another crazy group is new. Love town for wild. But he has to hold. Come back. Sooner or later like the aggressive. Right. Sooner gravity. They all come back to South Florida. They gravitate. You're right. That's why that thing is hanging down in the middle of the Caribbean like that. It's the force of gravity. Just hanging. WQAM hello. I know I'm not. Okay. We don't care. Not interested. WQAM hello. It puts the lotion on. That's it. That's your material that I'm on. They may eighth mark this down in the counter. I think this is the worst collection of crap that we've ever had in the phone in all my years. I think we had like two two real calls today to hold show. And the other ones are the same seven or eight. That's it. That's all we've got in your work for. What? Well, I mean, it's been others. But you know. When it's more recent, it's just fresh in your mind. Maybe these people have all been affected by electromagnetic. Well, by that, maybe they stuck their head in the damn microwave before they call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Once the last time we had a lady call, they showed not that we necessarily wanted it. Well, when I let it, it was numbers. Huh? I don't know. This season is lady free. For those of you that are really, you know, tired of being nagged by women. Don't worry about coming over here. We don't have any. We have none. Zero. Case that we get a faxer to, you know, Tracy and this one of that one. But they're just trying to make us feel better. That's all I'm listening. Two am, hello. Q am. Q am. Yeah, I was wondering if I could talk fucking real Rogers. What about sir? I wanted to talk to him about my mother. Your mother? Yeah. What about your mama? If two, two, she's like super religious. Every time I have to talk for a shit guy to say something to a fuck guy, I wanted to get a shit. Yeah, well, I shoot the bitch. See, some of his problem right away. No problem. I'll go to hell. She'll go straight to heaven. That's right. Get her heavenly reward. And you'll go straight to hell. Tell me, Q am, hello. Hey, are you doing there, Neil? Okay, sir. Hi, real quick. I was wondering if you heard about there's a guy's squad over here in Miami. They're only a prayer vigil who would off Hurricane. All right. Did you hear about that? They were carrying handles and pictures of the virgin and all these things? Yeah. It's a crazy people anyway. Just one to share with you. I didn't think you'd hear about it at all. Thanks for the good news. Probably one of my neighbors across this street. She's probably got that big banner up too. He is fallen. 560560. Like when you're making a sponge cake in the oven, you know, she's got to always put it on. It is fallen. Or it has risen. The religious people, let me say it again. There are any kids playing hooky today. The religious people are all crazy people. And the more religious they are, the more crazy they are. And the crazy they are, the more dangerous they are. Trust me when I tell you. If I never tell you anything else in your life. That's the one thing they keep in your mind. Religion is for crazy people. Like Tom Cruise for example. There's a classic example. I call it Tommy. Hey Tommy. You're fairy. W2A and hello. Yes sir. How do mad dog you do against with that sir? Beat him. Padley. Okay. Beat him badly. Okay. Like almost two to one. I mean both their ratings were. And the toilet put mad dog. Unfortunately, he's following two hours a day there. He's coming on after a zero point five. Forget about the rest of the day. We did find. We actually got a little bit of bonus money. Consider we're on the Titanic. Yeah. But that's the thing. We'll get you some, but we'll take it. Right. A few scraps. Few bacon bits. But boy two to fool. That was a big story. And of course, nobody's gonna think to say, but a beat but a book but about. But a beat that had a no big rush. No rush in to wait. They don't rush in to what my ass. Yeah. I can do that. God this guy. This bozo to climb. Y'all. I want to apologize to bozo and declare about because they were both funny. See this guy he ain't funny. He thinks he's funny, but he's not. He's he is tier inducing very depressing that that's I'm gonna go out to woodbind to a clock Forget about this place sunny shines gonna be 70 today. Oh, it is beautiful man low humidity This is like God's day. You know I'm talking about They'll come that's right. It is so perfect though Just a beomily if you're a cigar smokey like to kick back with a good premium brand And then behias the guards by Tony Barhani is for you these hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco process And aged up to 10 years Here is a real boutique bats cigar maker of the highest quality But he had gold the flagship line gets sized ratings by all the major publications 91 by cigarfici Nader cigar insider and nine plain one by smoked magazine this rich flavored well-bounds full body Nicaraguan cigars got earthy hints at dark roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors too For a smoke full of rich flavor try your first the year gold today at stoese in Kendall and 116 12 North Kendall drive have a glass a great fine line from their selection with a behier gold Come into stories today. Tell me your Roger Center and get you 20% off a box of all behias cigars complete collection at stoese in Kendall or Call 1 800 35 but here that's 1 800 35 BA age I a This is meal This is five 16 These And TV's everywhere all tuned this horse and now Sporklitz introduces the ultimate haircut experience for guys the MBT first a precision haircut second a soothing scalp massaging shampoo Next comes the steam towel treatment Public by his rest reducing neck and shoulder massage all this at one great price That's all it clips guys We did one of the sport clips locations in Cooper City, Pembroke finds cool friends and pop each garden They got guys smart stylists to give you a great looking hair to body watch sports on TV open every day at sport clips guys win Marlin season is upon us, and there is nothing better than these ball on the radio I'm a radio. I like it. I like it because it's a beautiful thing the announcer's paying a wonderful picture But so much is left to the imagination the sound of the crowd the crack of the bat the fastball popping into the catchers gloves The beer vendors yelling get your ice cold beer here. There's nothing like it. It's truly unique baseball on the radio is a beautiful thing. Florida, Marlin's baseball all season long on the radio and only on one radio season Winough every day Look it for Lori ho When you want you leadership to blow Tony Snow Tony Snow, he's your home. He will totally hold good skies. Both his calls and bad days before. Would it be needed and who wins our grinds? Tony Snow, he's your home. Oh, but a sense of ease to throw the two. And his views are quiet and servitive. So our both and higher hand we don't know. Tony Snow, Tony Snow, Tony Snow, Tony Snow. He's a thousand sixty one votes. They hate Tom Rumsfield. How am I hearing Rumsfield like poison? They're not too crazy about fat actually. I thought he was wildly confident because they like his devious plans. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60 and they've arrived in the same place. They don't forget get out to the white hot heat thing. I catch the mimey Miguel is there. He's waiting to see you. Let's see. Do one out there. Just hang in. Right? From a little pond. He's got those discs. He's got the first deal out there too. I think he's heard about the meat. He's in the cassettes and those t-shirts. Les Unro just south of eight thirty six presented by kettle one vodka. Miguel be there until the final of all somebody will be there until the final buzzer sounds with live broadcast two to full and seven to ten. For a month between the heat minutes. Can't today mimey home for Q.M. White hot heat headquarters. What does that mean? Is everyone white hot sound there? No they, uh, the heat, you know, theme for the playoffs is white hot. White hot? That's right. Donna Pops, Vickeners. I'll be damned. You know, I speak in a baseball at the on the radio and that other thing about the vendors. And everybody's stating when I was a kid we used to have in fact even at our football games. I would write next to the high school football field in Canand, they go. Mm-hmm. And you go in half time to get you your hour white hot. Or you get your like Texas Red Hot, too if you're like Brad Pedestrian when no taste. Boy, get in the hood. Huh? Get in the hood. Oh yeah. They have those tuban and our pecoral rocks just are white hot. We get a white hot. It's been a while. Well, what does that mean? What the hell is that? I mean, I was going to be calling in. Hey, how much you know? I know. He will let us know when he's ready. He says he's been having some difficulties there. I'm kidding. I've seen him say they got like a change neighborhood too. Something like that. Really? No, like him White hot. My head does. This is good as them. A Berlin brought worst. Hmm. Berlin brought and Rochester White hot. But it's not to like. Of course, Gary started in like a Muslim. I guess a little poor. He went eat too many of them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That whole thing about, you know, not eating pork. I mean, what is that? So, so silly. Because he gave the Jews tricky noses. Just needs more for me. 1,60, 3 votes on a poll. I'm not going to read it though. I want to take a whole bunch of calls between now and two. If we're getting any. If we have more than just the same five or six people on there. Let's see. You got your Reverend Schmuck. Hmm. Gilbert. Right. You got a prosatgarron. Uh huh. You got the the Gargling guy. And what I leave out. Fony etdies. And no, we haven't any of those yet today. That's right. Yeah. I leave a oily and guy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And we went. Oh, no. Where's the metallic one? I think that's his boyfriend. Where's the metallic one? That's a war at one ring after 30 years. I'm wondering what the audience wears your material. We're still waiting. And can it be felt? WDQAM hello. Oh, the reason I didn't talk to her. No, okay. The reason in time is you got poted out. When in doubt you got poted out. WDQAM hello. Hello. Is it? Yes. I need a whole. Okay. I'm going to call you a couple weeks ago. You are on vacation. And I didn't want to waste this or the call. No, you're going to. Why would you want to waste it? Yeah. You probably appreciate this story a little bit better than yours. That's why. Doesn't against your story. No, it's all right. I'm glad you saved. Probably something. Yeah. No. That went in a huge on vacation. I was at home. I took a tremendous dump. Okay. Great. Well, I'm really proud of you. Okay. We're glad you saved you. Good. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's happening? I've got a quick question for you. Okay. I'll go into questions again. I've got a nice week. 20 questions. How come you guys never do any van stops in North, the forward or stop on each count? We're not doing van stops. We don't do that anymore. We just gave up. We're just because it's pointless. If we're not getting any raise in much money in the areas where we're supposed to have an audience, why the whole we're going to like Tom Beach County. Well, why wouldn't you go in there? If you never there, how do you not know that there's just going to have a great try-out? We're not doing van hits. We're not doing that no more. But I'll do respect. Okay. Well, maybe managers will have to think like change in mind. Okay. Thank you. I'm sure that's a very high-end of risk right now. Maybe manage things. Oh. Just thinking they might change their mind. I was wrong. I didn't think we were going to get any good cause. No. No. That was one of the best cause we've had in many, many years. Because he's just, you know, good. I didn't change since he'd like to help us out. But he doesn't understand. We don't want it. Don't you understand. We don't want it. There's no point. There is no upside. There's just nothing there, you know. And the fact that we got that one facts last week from those people. You know, that's supposed to, I guess that's supposed to make me feel like we're obligated to do this. We're just not going to do it no more. We stopped doing it for a period of time. And for the very reason that we don't want to be doing it now. It's a pain in the grass man. It's a waste of time. People don't want to turn loose with a few bucks. And they don't want to eat part of it. And then they go and rip off the CDs and burn copies. And steal them into all kinds of crap. Well, what's the point? You know, and then we had those nitty-key chains. And I had one over big and then of course the other one. Yeah, that's, uh, nobody want anything to do with him. Inside the building or I guess outside either we find out. Somebody who I am, hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. I got to tell you, for both of your promotion department is really screwing up. They got you. Two ads for your show. And they laid afternoons. One thing that you're going to be giving away $100 for the fond duplets. The evalting pot. Right. I'm trying to lose right. It's all on Fridays. It didn't say that. And the other one is to listen to your show for advanced, you know, sell spots for your best of the CD. If which you're not doing any more. Where is this? No, no, no, no. It's a retelling. Oh, it's a retelling. Oh, it's a retelling. Okay. I haven't. No, I haven't. No, I haven't. No, I haven't. No, I haven't. No, I haven't. No, I haven't. Okay. Thanks, fellow. You're hard. There's a guy's hard. I knew promotion guy. Listen, this day's just out of touch with the audience. Like those those stunt regions that they do. You know, all of a sudden, come here. You know, a lot of nowhere, you know. You just see. You can put in for an olive or if they can like trick me to sit and hear what like two seconds of it there. I got news for you. This show has got less dead air in five years than the other shows on this station have in one day. Okay. That that. That could be a little bit of a shot. But you know, it's true. Yeah. That's the reason why I'm going to get to be too a clock. Believe you me when the little hand hits to the big hand. You could sit your life on it. Right? Oh, I know. Right. It's just the way it is. Like, oh, I guess my face paper is here. I've already said that's the concierge call right now. See, you've got the, uh, package downstairs. A big package. WQAM Hello. You heard the phone ringing. Can you actually hear it? No. Damn it. Well, be somebody's calling us anyway. It's just on the inside phone. WQAM Hello. QAM Niojama. Niojama. Mejama. Mejama. Mejama. Well, he said was something new, you know what? Yeah. Yeah. New and different. WQAM Hello. QAM. Not one. WQAM. Okay. Great. Up the nose. What do you QAM? Hello. The taco no guina picante. Well, what the was that was actually news? The taco no guina picante. Oh. But I was very clever, okay. And we got also lady cranks, too, which is good. It's about time a little bit of a ride. It was a little bit of a ride. It was a little bit on the air a long time without getting that. That's right. All these years in their farm. Well, very listening. First they did their copycats. Let's be in a copycats. There's John Agrapante. He's a copycat butcher. He saw a stall and did it and they thought, hey, why not give it a shot? 26 past one and five. 60 WQAM. If you love voting, that's great. Because a lot of people in Florida would agree with you. But going out and buying a vote is for crazy people because it costs you 10 money. And then there's a lot of grief that goes along with it. Do this marketing called Club Notico right now. 1,800 vote rent. Why pay the expenses of vote on a ship when you can rent one hassle free? Join the club Club Notico. When you call 1,800 vote rent, you'll be amazed as to how easy it is. No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance or no hurricane preparation. With the vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable, too. Call 1,800 vote rent. No getting to vote ready. Club Notico does it for you. No cleaning up either. A club Notico just top on your boat. Go have a spectacular time. When you're done photo the dock it off and leave. Run away. It's that simple. They do all the rest. Club Notico 1,800 vote rent. From unlimited voting to pay as you go small boats to yacht charters. All of this stuff Club Notico will do it for you. Call 1,800 vote rent. Like Club Notico Taylor plan to fit what you need and your budget too. Get on the water today with Club Notico the smart way. The easy way by calling 1,800 vote rent. This is new Rogers. This is 5.62. F**k! Oh, you're going to do it. You like it to see me. And we want the world on the earth. We'll cut your friends. For me to land. The way they have the best. And every day I don't become a new America. Because you're a grown, they're a rich oldie. They're a watch your car. Try and fill a more dear, gracious star. They're a boy that I'm in. They're still stopping. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're all the jobs we want. You're all the gifts. Paying to the dollar or two. You're crazy. You're from all down the other baby. The way I'm moving better.  to save me. The way I am. Go over to the door. He can't move with his door. Who will thisller grow. You dressed as your. They're Canada and we're going to new our children. I don't know the digits and all the fun. All they want to do is work reclaimingly Down the mountain of sympathy Who psychic and down the mountain He's hearing the Schiff-King's my secret enthrine Last night, his sight is on If we'd bid a drink of water BUT DIN' WHEN HE WAS O', he's the entend Loved in When Comm<|br|> Tham Ming Tham No. It's a 131-KUA and 100 votes on a poll not bad other than Bush and Shini, which government of type humans first the most. The Raw Crooks 474, Donnie Hermongiori Rumsfeld 255, Fedas Governor Bush 226 for the year. Hillary 93, Condor Lisa 73, Alberto Vio 5, Salas 22, I hate this poll 20, John McCain 20 and John Negro Ponte, Salament 17. They have no idea who that is. If he knocked on their door right now, it's something Kirby vacuum cleaners they wouldn't have a clue. 5 6 7 0 5 60, how about those heets? That's our topic conversation today, the White Hot Heat, right? And the Red Cold of Marlins, man, the Ice Cold Marlins. Babes in town, Amara, any interest? No. I'll give you some of those funny braids fans to be at those games, right? Oh, absolutely. Miguel be there. Too bad he didn't get those tickets, I'm a gal, too bad he didn't steal all my baseball tickets this season before I finally got the package. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hello, Neil. Yes? Yes. Hey, what ever happened to that news reading one, Sippin Henry Barrow, I've been gone for about 15 years, it's got back in town. He's old and sad. No, seriously, where did he still on the radio somewhere? No, he is not on the radio, he's old and sad. Very fat. Somebody's stuck up bicycle pump at him or something. But it's bad. But you don't get fat from drinking wine, do you? No, from eating all the free food, it those wine tasting places he keeps going to. He came in one day a couple years ago and he just huge. Oh wow. Yeah. All right, we'll give up. He's a gopander. Good luck to him. Yeah, gopander. Oh, it's a good, a Cleveland or somewhere. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60, the Verizon singular, wireless line. I'm thinking maybe class action suit for Joyce, all right, because I think that most of the members of the audience that are pissed off about the fart sounds disappearing, I think they'd like to latch out of the lawsuit. No question. And then maybe, you know, I don't want me to get that big sermon. They can get a piece, a little small piece, just a little bit of what they've been. Yeah, what are they what they're big? WQAM, hello. He's old and fat. Yeah, old and fat. Yeah, old and fat. Yeah, old fat and gay. Right. Look at a rose. Yeah. Bulletin. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Go favors. Yeah. I hope they won the night. I'm hoping. I love him. That would be nice. Okay. And we would like go favors. There's our hockey tough for today. That was good. Say, was kicking out fully. Yes, boy. I hate Bobby Clark. Oh, I hate that organization. This is a guy that fired Roger Nielsen when he was dying from cancer. He fired his head. Nice going. Bobby, you piece of turd, man. You, uh, you're very schmuck. WQAM, hello. See, he just don't get it. You know? You can call in every day from now until the end of your pathetic life. Sir. I have no luck. It is not going on the year. That's just the way it is. We're tired of your crap. I wouldn't you like when you like to corral him and just time to attear. Well, he's got that high up on the list. But yes, but he's on it. Oh, no. He's very high in my list. Because this is a guy that pretends to be like, you know, like it until it's like like he human being. Oh, he's got it. Yeah, the guy's that forget about that. They got to go to excuse. WQAM, hello. Sir, sir, sure. WQAM, hello. You're going to fuck all the N.F.B. nonsense. I know. That seems to be the new align. Do you hear, isn't it? All right. We have a little partner. No, no, no. Yeah, that's right. What I was going to deal. I mean, that last week with the burritos in the pasta. They got me to last for it. I want to do it. Go to a taco bell. Go to the restaurant. I'll do it. Get you a burrito supreme in no beans. Yeah, probably not make it home though. Make up. Well, I'm proud of that. I'm glad I did it. I had a bad move. I got two of them. And I realized there was enough stuffings in a lot of them. The like the nice topping for my the amount of pasta. I mean, so I put the other one in refrigerator. And then later on for dinner. I just I had the energy to be able to do anything to burrito though. But, I mean, let's face it. If you're like trying to avoid carbohydrates. I mean, if you're going to cheat, you're sure not going to cheat eating a burrito. Are you? I'm going to let's see where our taco. No, God. They're just a holder. You know, they're like a hot dog. Like once in a great while, of course, in a real city like Harry, but I'm, you know, all over town are like a street meat. Can I say that? Can I say that? You're talking about. Yeah. I got all these hot dogs stands for the Italian sausages and Polish sausage, Kibbas and brought worth. And I'll get like a spicy Italian sausage. But I only use the the hot dog bun as a holder. Okay, to try it out of our sure is how low need to bun. So, especially if when you get those hot dogs on the street, like at the bread's stale hat. Right, exactly. And that's why they put it on the grill to like, you know, cover up for the stainless on it. Hey, it's like I told you in Germany. In some of the German cities, I think it's in, you know, and well, in Berlin, they have these real small buns and they put like your brow worst on the real small bun and you can like eat. And it's like a holder, you know, and in, uh, There's some of the other cities that give you like a little cardboard sink and they put they put the strangest of the sand they put the roll on a one side and they put the sausage on the other side, and put them together. And with the jewelry. And with it like, take a char out of the bun out of the roll and then they'll, take a char out of the hat dog and like mix it all together. But they don't put the sausage onto bun. See what I'm saying? Hmm. So crazy Germans. Good stuff, though, baby. Really good stuff.at 65 out of 160 pound five, 60th of the rise in the cigarette while it's lying. How many QAM? Hello. They've got to get through. I just left your van and I bought the t-shirts. But they didn't have the CD. It's on the Comkka, on the McCarner commercial, and federal. Now, a couple years ago. Well, what is that? It's on the corner commercial instead of working more. A couple years ago, the Reverend Jones was going to be... Oh, God. 560, 0560, Pond 560 of the rise in the cigarette while it's lying. WQAM. Hello. QAM. How's it going to be? WQAM. Hello. That's a CD. Good afternoon. How are you doing? I'm sorry. Toronto is a great world-class city. Yes. Many, many years, child of there. From 65 to the late 90s, when my end, not the final pass, so there wasn't much reason to go back. Correct. Why don't you ask you a info you were looking before about the last crew member of the Mission of Muscle TV series? Yeah. Big guy. Peter Lupus. Yeah. I had it about these things. I'm sorry. I was, you know, not listening to the last hour. I was busy working. Okay. I mean, the same on you, man. You don't let that happen again. You choice? Yeah. Exactly. I want to follow that class action. So do I want to get in on that? Do you have a guess of an idea? I think it's an outstanding idea. That woman really has a kind of cheese woman. She's really got to come with you. Yeah. She might as be because she's got a bug up her ass about this show and hates me like poison. So she's going way above and beyond. And she's trying to do damage to the show. That tells you what a brilliant company this is, the abandoned adult group. Isn't that a little self destructive? Yeah. That's what I'm saying. You know, you're in a crowd. This is what I'm saying. The bread and butter baby. This is the cash cow of this company in this rat. That's right. And she's doing everything in their part to try to deep sixes. So what they ought to do is fire her fan ass. Out that issue. I don't know. I haven't seen her. No. Normal kid. She looks like a guy. A bad ugly guy. Well, I thought I was thinking that maybe choice really is an idea. Most time for all beard probably. Okay. Thank you. I'll enjoy this. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Let's get everybody to hold on. What we're going to do is we're going to get a caravan going. I'll drive it over to the west of Houston. And have a big protest going. No. I think that's a good idea. We get to have a caravan going to bed. You can tell that by these calls today. I mean, they just have no right to go on. Get them off the streets. Start screaming. We want our farts back. You bitch. We want something. Something on the air besides, you know, have a nice day. If we want to have a nice day, we can hire Sandy Payton and put that pitch back on here. She can bring an ambitions body. Have a nice day. Yeah. There you go. I'll tell you. Lovely lady. Oh, so funny. So full of it. 140, 20 before two or five, 60, WQM, your white hot station, baby. I'm so happy. Good news is no guilty today. Oh, man. No wonder why you're so open up. What's the worst thing you ever did going up the drug your mom absolutely crazy? Want to make up for it this month. Is there something? Let another that you turned out. Okay, and send her an original of Vermont. Teddy Bear. She'll receive a beautiful little bear. Made in Vermont delivered to home work with a free card and gourmet Carmel's in the colorful gift box. You can away get them by calling your friendly bird. Councillor 1-800-829-Bear or shopping it for my teddy bear.com. The hope you are a bear. Just for your mom or wife. Like the nurse bear, the teacher, the business woman, or gardening bear. So she'll think you put some real thought into your gift. Even of course, if you didn't. They even have a fun new bear called the bear foot in pregnant. Bear for those moms to be. Check out the new all American mom dressed and they've picked out a sunress holding an Apple pie. I mean, we even went a little punky pie. And for our new mom's voice out there, we sure and send the mom's voice bear with the heart-shaped mom tattoo on his arm. And dad, that you're driving to get a wife gift from the kids every year. And this year, the mother and cubset is a great idea. And as many cubs as needed, they'll embroider your kids' names on each outfit for you. Or tell your wife you think she's still a hottie and send her the yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie. Send a her for Montana bears so much more personal and fun than flowers. Those flowers no matter how great they look through, didn't the matter of hours. Well, for Montana bears are guaranteed the last for life. So be squeezing it for a long time. You can even deliver her beard and the office as she can brag about you. Their co-workers do it works like magic. Over night's liberty, home will work is guaranteed too. So call 1-800-829-bear or shop online at www.phermontatibeard.com. Send a creative alternative to flowers this year to something we need for mothers. They call 1-800-829-bear that's B-E-A-R. And be sure to tell them that ancient Neil, toward a call. This is Neil Roger. What's all this? This is 516-Face. The wear of exploding balls. The tears that fly in the wrist, the ball. Where you want to go is every time. Oh! Whoa! The tears that fly in the wrist, the ball. Where you bring the picture in the crowd. You throw it right back, right double, roll it right back. Whoa! You'll be going through the second and go down. Oh! Right on the get-in, clear the dim-less god. A picture through the clouds, the rims fall. Woah! Maybe I can check right now in the Dur norm. Come on! Oh, this is 7-2K. Episode describe on the light of our doorries. The classroom is the vicious homemade that got me to wave my what you wanted.uated your time. I wish I had to do that forever. What I want, why don't you think they got a royal school? They put the fun and fundamentalist baby. We keep it even when I'm gonna shower Alright that line comes to mind I just can't believe what a genius we have there Yep little chicken neck man all you kids out there if you want to aspire to be just like somebody When you grow up be like chicken neck not that's quite some more than depressing but Close right right and maybe a little bit more here although I love that piece that Joe Pissie Wiggity where oh yeah Yeah, you know JfK again and Cgio Pissie is a David Fury with the eyebrows net the piece That's chicken neck believe the same person. I always know it way to hear this I can't wait The nation's worst polluting plant is the BC And as a VP PLC or refined we were 15 workers died and explosion last year raising questions about whether the company has been under reporting toxic Emissions The wear of dangerous emissions Especially the ones at night. There was not turnle BP's Texas City we find we released that's Texas BP's Texas City we find released three times as much pollution 2000 for us in the previous year according the most recent data from the EPA The increase of BP was so huge that the counted for the bulk of a 15% increase in refinery emissions nation Biden 2004 the highest level since 2000 The companies investigating whether it's been accurate of documenting pollution the Houston clinical report down something There could be more federal fines levied against the energy giant of mistakes are found BP already faces a record 21.3 million dollar fine from the US Accum from OSHA For 300 safety and health violations found at the Texas City we find we have to the deadliest close-knit marshal blast here That also would be 170 workers the company reported that it released 10.25 million pounds of pollution in 2004 10.25 million pounds of pollution well up from 3.3 million times a year before in other words more than triple According the EPA's toxic release inventory which strax nearly 650 toxic chemicals released in the year I think all of us need to say Their kill on this man it's not even the Israelis poisoning our chocolate BP caution that it's latest pollutionists and it's might not not be correct because of a recent change And how to apply calculates emissions give your calculate your emissions will they're doing it just the sport? Oh god We like that guy had had the the big dump that week I was on vacation probably at listening to you you would do it On product well, yeah, maybe a scared look at our moderno The lawyer for former white house a Louis scooter livi said last Friday That it would argue as time revealed intelligence on Iraq after vice president big tini authorized it and president George WD be classified the information and A hearing of what documents the prosecution must turn over to the defense attorney theater well So I'm sure is related to Jennifer Wells also city believe there may or may be orson There may be testimony or statements by Bush and tini that the disclosure the intelligence was authorized Well city was entitled any such info from the special prosecutor investigating who in the bush of the situation Link the identity of a CI operative Valerie time to lose media. I wonder who wrote the book a love by the monotons That's why I'm talking like this real monotone. Remember that ever you got a book a love and maybe it's too old Look at looking book a love by the monotones The process wonder wonder whom but oh, I don't know got it. I want to shame I got to hear somewhere about to somewhere in this room if I let me tear the room part right now See if I can find it before two. That's my I don't think so US history judge Reggie Walton what a name for a judge Reggie well sounds like a basketball player isn't a judge Kind of sounds like a great power walk on cycle Walton World of prime what if he's got a big mall on his forehead like John boy moldy moldy Road that prosecutors must turn over information about how the intelligence was he classified because it was important Little bit defense. Let me say again if you the movie PS comes in your table if you're really bored while you're but probably not Well, no, you told me that nobody gets naked in it. You know what's the point? Well, he I mean they both get naked But we don't see anything. Yes, it's in the court. What you don't want to see Laura Lennie naked come on Yeah, sure to get out of here. Serve it up. I'll Tofer grace when she yank his shirt off. I thought well. That's pretty surprising from punk like him He looks a little scrawny like she said later in the movie a little scrawny you'll put to meet on his bones all that So I had like yes if you're watching people in certain rules you just do you have a different altitude You know you've tied that guy's been people to right you could you just hate that show Especially if they make some fear and that show you're talking about that that the screaming Latino That being around there you're talking that he had our straightest narrowies That's what they tell us. He did Lindsey low him. Let me hear what you're get out of here I'm serious when we just make the leaf queen you think so or she's a beard could be maybe she's got a big beard You never know I'll check I'll wait back to that you will like Joyce for example. Well the audience. Oh look at his way man Here's a very important facts It is yes I like it out. I don't know if I am sorry. That's for his fantasy baseball team the Florida Jaguars is now in first place He puts that first like we're supposed to care about that separately George's deal is done You now work for him. Oh, sorry boss man. He has a boss man. Hope you had a good weekend Are feeding well stay thin eat carefully right fat norma chubby norma also says visit in two friends in the hospital this weekend And getting six sucks. He says yes. That's true by the way Joyce is very thin not heavy and Eureksic even I think the lack of Finally a good line from Norma if he'd used this on the ear. I still have a show in some marginal station somewhere I think the lack of oxygen is affected her brain says your close personal friend and attorney norma So I do like that so I get I get see I guess the reason you put that on your deal is done That's like saying well send me the money now, okay when when you've got a sign copy of it You'll let me know okay. I will I'm not releasing any funds until the you understand right until the deal is Well done till it's got like a good crust on the outer edges I know much about time Everycing x 2 Let's abuse some more prisoners, make them scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a fat shriek pack. I don't care if they're from our ratches, You choose to the torture, because they're just playing their game. It's acting the past. It has to be worse with the dumb who's saying. I've been everywhere, I've been everywhere, I've been everywhere. I've been a reno-stargo-pargo, and a sort of buffalo-geronto, when it's loose, there's no way to go. I don't know how to hold my hand, but I'm a fan of a man who will laugh. We're going to South Carolina, and Oklahoma, and Arizona. I know what to do now, I know what to do now. I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now. I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what to do now, I know what what you say! The psychiatrist reminded me, I told him to give me a hug, cry cry for her, I've been touched, they're going to South Oakland, and the psychiatrist Dennis makes greater reason to think that I don't have to win the ending way to the Fam. Thank you. Next week behind all the Jerss, let's do the show! coach So e eat it, that'll be it. Are you going to talk to them with us, Values? I think we've been given the results to see Food Army, and they're called Ferry ft. little keychain the far keychain I think what we'll do is like we'll provide one to everybody who wants to participate in the March on Joyce. Maybe we'll do the next week because we could have a fart in. Exactly. We'll fart in and we'll put our ears and just make farting sounds until we've sliced Joyce. Oh, I wasn't thinking of just making the sounds. Oh yeah. Stand like I said, but we'll do his leave like a taco bell for like all week and then I'll be right ahead for our Naples for my bye.