You know, is the guy on our tower? No, he's not on our turn. Is that our tower? Yes. Get out of here. Our tower. Is behind the hero? Yep. All right. All right. You go, Bobby. Robert Annable. This is name. Yeah. Clarence is climbing up the tower to try to talk him down. Oh, man. I heard it wasn't Robert Annable. I heard it was. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Somebody we know. He's climbing the tower. It's a close to us. It's a thought crossed by mine. Yeah. Well, he's got a lot of time on his hands. Seven of all this morning, Robert Annable climbed the tower that sits on a barge on this game bay, hung in American flag upside down as well as a POW flag. He's got, he's given him till five o'clock. He wants the government to write him with the story of his brother's disappearance 44 years ago. So his brother disappeared in 1962 as a MIA from the government's secret organs Cuba. What he said. Come on, cut the crap. Cut with a moist of no mole man. No mole. You've got to cut the court already. There ain't no mole. No, no mole. No mole. No mole. No. I heard you tribute. See, now he's posted through a mole. No, there you go. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. You heard my tribute. Yeah. Oh, he mean a book of Brian bit. Yeah, we got three great ones. Oh, it's full sore. Yeah, I love to you emotional and weeping probably. Like a woman. Yeah. Wouldn't surprise me. And I see we got the highly amarlins coming. The flamingos. Not. What a joke. The highly a flamingos. You got to tell us going to be. Oh, they can make an opportunity for uniforms to pink. They're looking at it. It's 17th and stretched. They're going to have the birds fly around the stadium. Just like a little bit. I'm going to walk away. All like Mark Gustaf around. Yeah. And I'll be sitting in my box seat with bro. We'll be sitting in a good idea. Well, can give you like a special spot. Where they can keep an eye on you. Probably bring us some special canolees, too. That's the latest. Same old craft man. And then I see big articles here on the race. You know, it's oh boy. Six months now. This is already the ass and the January. So six months will be July. Andy Bire wrote a verse. Skating story about Gulfstream and the Washington Post a couple of days. Yeah. Yeah. Headline could strike. Yeah. What does that mean? Well, that's the headline. Yeah. What does it mean? He just calls the place bizarre and perverse. Perverse and how and they'll. Oh brother. Oh. Man. I bet you're sounding rosembers. That's what I'm going to do with it. Says he has destroyed the old Gulfstream. Not only it's infrastructure, but it's atmosphere. He's recognized it with the idea. He's not just a good idea. He's a good idea. But it's atmosphere. He's recognized it with what is putting being described as an entertainment center with overtones of Las Vegas. I got news for it. That sounds like a big improvement to me because the atmosphere there was like a morchewary. So maybe Andy Bire hasn't been there in a few years. Oh, Andy. He must have. He must have. He had the same reaction. Barrett's in a blinder's in the horses because that's like a Morgan there. At least he would used to be. He wrote about the new paddock as a travesty, which I pointed out that I'm when I toured it. That's got to do with racing. What do they care about that? Yeah, that's the whole point. That is riding a racing piece. And it has nothing to do with racing. That's why it is. Well, racing, what's that? Yeah, thank you. Why do you know something I can't feel too bad about the racing aspect ever because when you can hear a lot of players. You don't hear that's not my point. But when you keep bringing in Johnny Meister on the Brooklyn Bridge and you think that's going to bring horse players, you don't know track people that care about racing. So what's the life? So now there will be a slot in for you. You right? So I don't think they're shoved the racing part of it down. Let him race the horses of the car. They can't get the slots anyway right now. So they can do the horse racing in the car and they can just make a big set. They can take that whole area. Can you imagine how many acres that covers the track? I wouldn't be surprised if they can't have been going to stop. They're but they can build a gigantic hotel there and yeah. That's what they're playing. That's what they're going to do. Roller coasters. Then they can also have the Howard County fair and the same joint. I don't know if there's room for the fair anymore. Well, I'm seeing they just have the fair right there. But you know, they own all that property up in Del Rey where the training center is. Yeah. Don't be surprised if they're going to be more on the road. We don't have to talk about more on the road. I'm talking about that. I'm going to work with racing. I think Del Rey makes it much sense to Silia. I'm talking about the racetrack. Would you rather go to Del Rey than highly to see the morons? I'm not talking about the morons. I know that, but I mean, I'm just trying to like get off this racing crap. It's pondress. It's going to kill our audience. Would I want to go where? To see the morons. They'll leave beach is opposed to highly. I'd rather go to Jacksonville and go to Highlita. Although you can get on the train. It'll go to Highlita. What you're listening to. I'm talking about is where 75, just a little bit west of there. Yeah. Where 75, yeah. Go to sin to the palm meadow. I say, let's put it out in the Okifan Okis rom sounds good to me. See you, Marlins. Bye bye. You fools. You idiots. Flamingo. You know, business with the Wayne deserves whatever they get. You know, if they can't smell that snake from a million miles away, they deserve whatever they get, whether it was John Henry, whether it's described, you know, when you wrestle with a snake, you're going to get a bit. I don't think Wayne has anything to do with it now, other than if they can't. I'm not. Now, be sure to begin. He sure didn't at the beginning. Well, for now he's trying to like look like the good guy. Yeah, we're offering you all this land. And the dollars and the right. The enakers will make you salami sandwich on right. All the sudden, right. Somebody tasted first though. I wouldn't trust that slime ball as far as I can throw them. How is that blockbuster park coming Wayne? You talk Mark Y. That is in the $64 question. Yeah, right. What a liar. What a foamy. How's this a panther? You're going to buy the way. You know, your good friend Alan Colena, you wind and dined or the other way around with the track that day. Yeah. He can give you a solid advance about how they're going to make money this year. Tell him that lying about the attendance and inflating it by like tripling it or quadrupling it over the weekend. You know, I'm not going to make money. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to make money. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to make money. I'm going to make money for him. Okay. Alan, you can keep giving away. You know, I'm a season ticket holder as you know. First, this season pays for it. Thank God because I wasn't paid wouldn't pay them a dime. But. So I get all the stuff in the mail emails at the house all the time. Oh, what do you be like? $4,500 free tickets today. If you do show up or fear. It's just it's just a joke. You know, they're not fooling anybody. Why would he lie about making money? Well, so I just want to claim they're losing money. Who the hell knows? I don't know. Maybe he's trying to impress you to desert you with his BS. I have no idea. All I can tell is that they're. And again, it's not just them around the league. You're looking see all these. So nobody breaks about making money. Chunks of empty seats. Chunks of empty seats, man. Enormous, gigantic chunks. Well, that's the reason they're making money. Why would they be making money? You follow. You tell me. I don't know. Because they cut the salaries down. Right. I think they're paying for the money. I think they're paying for the money. They're paying for the money. They have a 39 in the middle of the 27. No, the can't have this. Twenty seven. That's a minimum. Right. And they can spend in 29. So if things come up. The maximum 39, which most of the teams are spending close to that. And there's been a way less than that. Well, they cut their expenses by so much money that they're making money. Yeah, money. Well, good for them. So does that mean they're putting a great product on the ice? I didn't say that. Does that mean they're going to make a playoff? Does that mean that the money? Well, I don't know how to sign that. Thirty million dollar contractor five years. I got news for you, Bobby. I take it right now. He ain't playing that great. He really isn't. He's going down to the Sun. He's letting a lot of soft goals. Along the way. Take that right now. Sweetheart. Just say, where's the dotted on? Where do I sign? Where do I sign? As far as the make believes are concerned here. This team is not going to make the playoff see. They're so. They really suck. That's that I want to sound bitter. Or anything like that. But they stink. But you know something. See if there's a difference. They can afford to have them stink here. And they'll still have standing room only here. Because it's Toronto. Yeah. And they're going to make a fortune. Like a license to steal. But in South Florida you put a mediocre product. What? Can we remember the last year that they made the playoffs? What was the year? About six years ago. So you're the lost. They got struck by the devils. And then the time before that they lost four out of five to the. Two thousand years. Two thousand. Was that the year? Yep. Well, that six years ago. Yeah. And they got swept by the devils. No less. Well, that isn't hell. And that's the only time that they didn't have that building. Once that they've been in the building they made the playoffs. Well, that's pretty sorry. I just record. You got to get over that playoff loss. And that's when they had melon be and Whitney and. Paray and they had like a team, you know, like a real team. You know, you're talking hockey and you're talking to me. The way you're just going to do this. I was just going to say that. Hey, listen, we can't help it. That, you know, it's just the way it is. South Florida very limited. You know, we love the dolphins. They're really great. And I see a very, so Jimmy Johnson's a jackass although he doesn't want to see one thing about Barry and though your buddy, sir. They never really want to come out and say anything. I have Jimmy Johnson was, you know, kind of like Luke warm on saving when they were three and seven and when they went to 16 in a row. Oh, he did a fantastic job. And Jimmy, you're so phony man, your phony is an eighty four dollar bill. Got to see a faker. But he chaed toxic good game. He sure slick. You know, he's real slick old Yahoo. Jimmy Johnson. Pretty smart. And then how do you like coward? Not wanting to get fined and sucking up to the officials. And that's surprising. He's just going to let Porter and the other players know he was going to be. The power was said. If he lost, if Rothforsburg were doesn't make that tackle, he lose the game. And then we're not serious. What does the NFL do on Monday as opposed to what they did after they looked out one a game after Vanuja Smith to feel go, what do they do if they lost a game? If he doesn't make that tackle. What do you think, cowards of opinion would have been in the officials if they had lost a game? Well, you know, they look. He usually has on his face multiplied by about 10. He would have been sitting blood coming down the edge of his blood. That's right. Yeah, he wouldn't have been saying, well, they had like an honorism. His brain would have like popped out of his head. He would have been so peeled. And rightfully so. Yes. But now, the officials do the best they can and make mistakes. They're not per reality. Come on. Are you kidding? He's just trying to set them up for the next game. That's all for the Denver game. Who you kidding? Power. Fony. He's just a second. A little bit. That's all. It's good strategy. It's much as I don't like him. He's a good coach. He's taking that out coach and I can. Let's go through that again, not. I agree with you on that. Then there's your president. Very woman from Texas. Well, good for you. Very woman from Texas. Oh, brother. What an imbesso. You take a look at that. He's yucking up. He's got a bunch of those richer, right wing jackasses sitting there behind him. You know, all hand picked crowd. You know, he never goes anywhere where there might be anybody with a sign or they posing opinion. It's sort of a hitler all over again. You know, they all got their arm up at the 40. They played a big thing. They all missed a thing. Tiled boy, child boy, you know. They were telling a story. Yes, that was it. Jack Gordon, this is Memorial Service. And they told us story about after he was had his heart bypass a couple years ago. You could even go to a lot of funnels. Yeah, a lot of people were going. But anyway, and his daughter told the story about how they were trying to reach him in the hospital was right after 9.11. And the hospital was full of victims. It was in Washington where he had the surgery. And they were bringing in a victim of 9.11. And they were trying to find out if he had come through the surgery or right. And they finally got him. And the nurse said, Laura Bush is on the floor. And she said, he knew his father was okay when he said, close the door. It was a Democratic party. Crowd. Yeah. I remember when he stabbed him a Democratic party. Yeah. Jack Gordon, what a great guy. And William Layman, great guy. He died last year. Yep. He's on our list today of most significant death of 2005. Johnny Carson's leading in Richard Prys, right on his ass. And the coping doing so good with our crowd. Well, I can understand that. Well, this is where we passed the already into our house. Great to go down to the tower. Yeah. Yeah. Get more off the tower. Don't throw down my walls for given. I know a way to bring him down. Oh, not a good idea. Have a great day. You too. If there's a button I smell. I'll shoot. Don't walk for too. Everybody is both so fine. And I'll kill you faster. And that is really fine. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. I'll kill you faster. That's it. That's it. Our motto in 2006. Toka Chicken for Jesus, Amy. Let's kill all in birds. Save mankind by killing the birds. Those of you? Sure. 10-15 already. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the break. We've got to get into the new fort from our good friend David Rochon, a stand for Armstrong Ford of Homestead and you'll find in a 307 25 Southaxe highway. 20 easy minutes south. We should get there without a compass. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars Dominoff are get a digital인b considering the Art of Honest. Zeroijers. cunningr. Learded Farr recommendation to travel by using 5000 coin registration workers. How long is 2 hour. How young is to. This is Dan Rattick, former CBS Ebening News anchor man and now a punchline. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete in total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. Bob Sefer, nice enough man but please he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use Rogan. Another name that has been banished about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long, plus he's Canadian. And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Kelly from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think, plus he's skinnier than Kelly Ripley. And everyone knows you have to have a meeting can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply. The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kerrick. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.Lo's butchiques. Plus, her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she wreaks the gene to take. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang, and Katie Kerrick has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying on a high school ladder. This is Dan Rather. Twenty-one past ten a few way, I'm so anyway, just a new just in, else is there, is just air to audio tape, about some of your mama. They're the freeing to push and slow ratings in the polls, and you also have to get out of Afghanistan and Iraq, and your mama and all these other things. We're doing a hell of a job over there. Well, we got this. The media continue talking about, well, they may have gotten this one, a bomb building, al-Qaeda guy, and at drone attack, they may have, well, maybe not. He was in the area. He was living in a shooting distance, with in a hundred kilometers. And they can't confirm, but it would be better to go put about. And on the other hand, they're not talking at all about the innocent people that they killed there, including a, with his three little kids. They should have attacked us. Bob Denver for the list today on our poll. Guys, let's look about September 2th, about Bob Denver. Maybe he'll give me. I mean, it was not all of us. I looked at several lists on there. Make sure I got like every way through a list for our poll today. We work like crazy to try to get the straight cramp for you. Didn't get it. Let's begin a cramp. Here's your buddy online. QAM. Yes, sir. Enough with the hammer in the morning. You show sucks enough. Yeah. Oh, that's the whisper with a new deal now. Actually, actually speaks now. That's good. He usually calls it's on the ice up. Where everybody sucks, including him. He's the top sucker. Protest your skills, tower behind Miami here. Old a man's scale, a radio tower behind a hill building and downtown. Miami this morning asking for the government to tell them the truth about his weather's disappearance 44 years ago. By the way, the ratings come out 11 30 this morning. So whatever station at guy really works at, he'll find out he does suck. About seven o'clock this morning, Robert Annable climbed the tower that sits on a barge of this came bay. It's the QAM tower. Yeah, a hard cloud, baby. It'll fire tower. Get off our cloud, you idiot. He hung in American flag upside down as one of the POW flag. And he prepared statement left of the scene address to the Harold Annable says, This is simply an active civil disobedience in the hopes that my government, the media or the people of Miami, will help me learn the truth. What happened to Harrison? He said, George Harrison or Harrison Forder. I guess his brother's name was Harrison. Annable, you heard of. He said his brother, when Michigan 1962 is an MIA from the government secret war against Cuba, it was Cuba. In his statement, he threatens to burn an American flag at 5pm. If the government doesn't provide him with the truth of his brother's disappearance, I think it's good that the whisperer finally decided to speak in his real voice because now, other people out there will recognize him and probably like break his kneecaps when they find their catch up. We'll get away hope. I will hate to do this, but I'm fed up with a continuing secrecy and lies from the government hope to complete my promise to my father on his deathbed that it would find the truth of Harrison's appearance. He says he'll stay on the tower calling the involvement agency until it gets information he seeks. He identifies the CIA, the state department, the FBI and the Coast Guard is the agency's involved. So, you're off our cloud and get off our tower, cut the crap a good luck to your hour, or with you, right? Anybody who's doing like civil disobedience is certainly during these unbelievable times. Or we get a lie, do we have a bunch of Nazis, right? But we got Rush Limbaugh's wife pretending to be a news bitch on CNN. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Skeletory. He's going to Iraq. Twin bombings came to kill at least 23 in Iraq. What's 16 when they first fit in the story up, since they're in the county's more body parts and they put them together again. I say, they got better. Samalting, you suicide in roadside bomb blasts in the same bag that street today killed at least 23 wounded 26 mole, police and hospital officials said. A man would explosives, belt strapped around his waist, walked into a crowded coffee shop on Sadoun Street and detonated his bomb. Just seconds later, a bomb tent underneath a parked car outside the nearby Almethock restaurant is full of turning police for there and it just goes on and on and on. Every single day, bloodshed mayhem murder, women, little children, innocent bystanding men who have nothing to do with any of this crap. But, you know, we're emancipating them. Didn't I tell you this when we did the invasion we're going to be getting emancipation by decampitation and you can see how much they appreciate it. emancipation by evisceration. Here's the poll result from yesterday. You poll watchers out there and I know we have many. For me, listening to Neil Rogers' a guilty pleasure because, on, well, none of the above 57.9% got 921 out of 590 votes. Much more than half. None of these. Yeah, we believe you. I hate this poll, 151. Then we get to the category. It's cranky, you'll fart 86. Oh, Catholic Civilization. Catholic Civilization. Pockish Republican 55. Gunhugger, 49. So I was just getting ahead of myself. Gunhugger, 49. Redneck 48. Employed by another radio station, 43. Well, guess what? They got time up your towers, how do you like that? Right. Fag haters. And I noticed by the way that the Harold article, the clients to mention, who's radio tower that is, if the number wouldn't have told me, I would have had the idea it's our tower. So here's the guy with really good tasty clients up the QM tower behind a whole building to make sure that everybody knows our towers behind a Harold building. Did you know that? I guess they told me a while back and I never know that. And what do we got that crappy signal? They're probably jamming it. Oh, we got that. Pat Maria to the pole. Pan Maria. Okay. I guess it will be a karate kid to part five. Employment of the radio station, 43. Fag haters, 34. You're fair. Right. When Christian 32, jump make in 25. You're making his mind. Not these sympathizers are 22. Old Green 2th, Cuban 18. Clansman 16. And orthodox do only 16 years. Well, that's all. You're right. All the old orthodox users in this show, and spend the fact that they've nine. Probably like sunny Rosenberg's rabbi. It's not going to be a nice to sunny. Okay. And he's still alive. I would have been a good one to put on. Listen, 2005, sunny Rosenberg for the problem is he still alive. That's just 2005. Anyway, we'll get to that. Kind of a lot of names on there. He's adding Bob Denver, Pat Maria. All these, uh, right. All of these people. 27 past 10 at five, 60, 73. I'm on your shopping for shoes. Make a B line for Brandy shoes and pump and a beach for the most comfortable fit. Your favorite style of shoes. And of course, always at the right price too. Brandy's carries an unbeatable selection of all the top names. Rockport, floor shime, echo, mafisto, new balance, S.A.S. and all the businesses well. And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a customized fit of your favorite comfort shoe dish for Arnie. He'll take damn good care of you. And the pros and Brandy's really understand fit and comfort. They specialize in wide widths as well. Brandy's is worth the trip from just about any place in town. So don't forget for the unbeatable combination. Comfort style, fit value and selection. It's always brandy shoes. They're at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Open daily to line Monday through Saturday and every Sunday till five. And this week on the special value of Brandy's take 20% office with an almond floor shime shoes. Let me say it again, 20% of all current men styles of the famous floor shime brand. Only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in Pompano Beach. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. New Y<|nn|>. There's a Nut but I think this is not touristy. a little see you around with a monument like a summer town. full like healthy green. You want to getting something new? You're not going to find those daily plans. Nobody wanted to do it. You're not going to get out of the way. You're not going to find any way. You're going to find any way. You're going to find any way. I think we'll be having a fight with you. Go on. You'll be a lot of healthy health. We're going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. You're going to kill me. You'll also know those things. Don't stare at me. I can make your shop. Don't yell at me. I'd kill everyone. I've got to have your bestrien for so you can help help them. Don't laugh and pray. Or let me help. Get yourself. I'm going to miss you. Tenth or D3, Uh-oh, many will. I went in. He had him like poison. 27-471infl animales. If you have whose death in 2005 was saddest to you, that's our poll today, to every ninety three vote. Richard prior has voted to the top of the list. I just am shocked. Why? I don't know. Well, there are a lot of good choices on there. Didn't he sing burning love? Richard prior? Loudly. Richard prior, seventy. Johnny Carson, sixty, Johnny had a big lead. He is Johnny and there he goes. I hate this poll 47, I'm pretty above 46. There's the negative, the netering negativity is not for it once again. But we got it on there for it because we knew that a lot of you would land right there, just like a bird. Oh, like a bird. Hundred S. Thompson, twenty five, speaking of that. Luther Vandras, twenty two. Pope John Paul, the tooth is only got seventeen. Richard prior's got seventy and Pope I was only got seventeen. What does that tell you? Well, maybe you'll have a slob on his slab that they slept around like some kind of a prop. That was pathetic. And bankrupt 15. She got my vote. I love that bankrupt. You didn't like that bankrupt? I don't like that. But you didn't vote for it. No. Well, why not? I like that told you that a lot of these people we were just waiting for them to die. We knew that we were waiting for Anne Bankcroft and I didn't even know she was sick. She was old, wasn't she? Rosa Parks 13, John Adams 10, Simon Vesentall 9, who's going to get the Nazis now? Now that they're running the country, he's going to go chase him. Bob Vindra, we just put him on and he's already got eight. He's moving up fast. Nipsy Russell did as gut eight. Who does all? For black humor, Nipsy Russell are Richard prior. Terry Shivosix, how's Terry's two? Come on. I hang tram five, John Delorean four. How much have we got a whole bunch of people in the audience? Only Delorean. Not. I wonder if you can still buy one of those. I'm sure. What about that guy yesterday that they finally found his 68 vet after 30 or seven years? How about that? Kind of smart me. Probably don't smell too good now. Paul Winshal III probably spills our Cemeteros cars from New Orleans. Any Albert III Frank Perdue III. That's the chop of city, by the way. George Best, the footballer III. I can't believe anybody in this guy even knows who that was. Give me your George Best. No. Big controversial liver transplant for George Best because it was a boozer. It was a total drunk. And then he, you know, he stayed down the straight neural transfer by five minutes and then he started boozing again. He died. And they're not too happy to give him a liver ahead of a whole bunch of other people. San Ridee II, Pat Marie does got one. Thank God we remember to put him on. He's got a vote already. William Prasmar I one, the great senator, Howard Morris Ion, Sir John Mills Ion. I have no idea who he is. Some Brit. Barbara Belgettis has one. I want to see it. Arthur Miller Ion and none. For Jack Anderson the great muck-waking columnist, the protégé of Drew Pearson before you were born. Ralph Edwards this is your life Ralph. It's over. Skitch Anderson Hildegard William Laman, great the congressman from South Florida for 100 years. None. John Rate non. Tyrone Davis non. William Rennquist non. The great Nazi Supreme Court's got none. Holy moly Prince Reneer non and Saul Belgna. Prince Reneer Ion have at least one just for Ruby and you know doing something with the grace Kelly. You can't say on the early day they did but Saul Belgna what a fellow he's got none out of 407. So Richard Pir and Johnny Carson are looking at two votes apart 72 for Richard and here is Johnny got 70. That's where the contest is. Forget about the Pope. He's Ian Fielande the good-tuss. He was a snappy wrestler like the new guy. My god. Those red shoes man those are just beautiful. Remember the red shoe diarolle. I've recently read about the Pope. Dominic you I am hello happy Thursday. Have you got Johnny Cocran on there? Did he die in 205? I think so. Well let's look at our voting thanks. Johnny Cocran we got him on there and Doug Google it. Sounds right. Sounds about right. I thought he died the year before but I could be the state. Well Google it. Okay don't start being Mr. Export you know how confused we are on this stuff. It's hard to keep track to drop in like flies. Yeah I know five. Oh five Johnny Cocran thank you, pal. And you already said if it don't fit your foolish man something like that. Now what he said? That's what he said. He had that glove and figured with O.J. If the box don't fit you must not be dead. I see well he is Johnny Cocran's dead he's with that big law firm in the sky. He's in a better place now all of these others. Yeah we've probably missed a whole bunch of people on there and I try to do my homework but some of these websites obviously are very, very marginal. Okay really not all I create. I tell each side of their all whipped up on CNN about this new audio tape of Osama Yamama and supposedly he was dead but then he changes mind he's not dead. He says Bush is a loser which we even agreed with that and said what's all on. He's sent by the way all the Saudi world families send me some more money and some more than oil money is good. WDQAM hello. Eddie Guerrero, professor wrestler died in December. I'll be there and thank you. Well this is going to be a big list of Eddie Guerrero. Remember when we talked about that? We didn't? I don't remember. Yeah we did maybe one vacation that week. Josh did I remember because I remember you asked me if I knew that was. There you go see Eddie Guerrero you were out that month. Was it Eddie Guerrero? That month like the mad dog to it. By the way mad dog to the sixth of Sanctanoon. Not. Well we tried. We tried we gave him the answer right there I guess maybe they got to go into a straining wisdom vocations and if they leave it to wait it is now Curtis today and tomorrow that's the information I got from Clarence Curtis from Clarence. So Curtis 2 to 4 mad dog 4 to 7 Jesse Aguars 7 8 39 hour and a half of Jesse and Josh Curtis said he really is outstanding. He said he said he is Donald Mike in the same way. Jesse 7 8 30. He passed their previous 8 30. I didn't say with him I'm saying whatever you know but probably with him. In the 3 to 9 Panther preview and I was Jesse do that also or what do what the Panther preview. Yes you guys well see they say you got a lot of Jesse. Our panthers at the Phoenix High Ode is to take on Wayne Gretzki's little girls team that beat the Leaf 7 8 4 to 3 9 to midnight 9 to 9 to 9 to 9 to 9 to 9 to 9 to the Hawking game. It will 80k who just turned 78 to Queen of Journey Fleshman. I forgot to mention the hank that I read that story. She even included the age of the general manager at WTVJ plus the stories about 10 days old anyway Johnny you still he asked old bag. Tony Fleshman just for 96. WQAM. I'm going to answer. Yes sir. I'm going to answer. Back to you. I had a strip of question for Josh. Yeah. I in Tampa which is the better one. Mon's their Odyssey. Mon's. Mon's weakness Mon. Right there on deal. Maybe. But they got more than script joints in Tampa. I'm a third man. For a bunch of red nags man. Make sure I'm a bunch of preverts over there. And of course like everywhere else in the USA they keep trying to shut all in places down and you can't do this and you can't have no lactose because we know what's going on there. You can. Oh god. Get a life already. Get a freaking life. I have no life. US government. And of course the next Monday the election here they're going to do the same thing. They're going to elect a Nazi Stephen Harper and they're going to make the conservatives. They're going to put them in charge and the conservatives in America are weapon or hands together. Oh good. Now we can do all of that multi trillion dollar. You know the space wars and the star wars and all the other wars as well. So good luck to you. A. See you around. Are you silly ask Canadians. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. That's a lie. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. That was John Charles Daily doing a voice. Q.A.M. James do have. Scott even start record. Oh that's right. Scott from Star Trek. Thank you sir. What was an immigrant James doing? What's doing? What's doing man? What's doing? Bruce. What's his name? The top show guy. What's doing on a Tuesday? What's doing? He's still on the air somewhere. I believe in that somebody ought to be shot for that. That's outrageous. I think we can hit go in the two and probably not run out of people are croaked. I'm talking about famous people. Not like your brother or a law or that rich things like that. How about that? How about we put fat rich on air? He was famous. He was famous on the show. Right. At the track. Well he was legendary. He had the super for Christ's sakes. He's a lot more famous than Anderson Cooper. That sends everybody straight to the Pope. And they Anderson, by the way. You're far you can do this. A real Roger. How much he had in loser? This. A five-sixteenth. Another of the he's saying is, Oh man. Hello and welcome to a Corona Fair. Arnold, tell us about your motorcycle crash. They went to the hospital right after the accident and got stitched up to 15 stitches. And why are we here at the scene of the crash? I have one to get rid of that problem. You mean the person that pulled out in front of you? Hold on. What's that? Who was in I knew he'd be there? What's that? The 45th house life. The jazes lighting. What's that thing? Face, found my life looking for the water wash range. What are you going to do? I hate to do it. But you have to do it. You're scared of me. There's no choice about it. It's not easy. Well, after my visa, they'd be. 10. 45. Vincent the change again. Who the hell was that? Some gangster? Some gangster. Some mobster. Sounds like to me. Vincent the chin. Yeah. Okay. There you go. Vincent the chin. I mean, I'd be very sad about that. I kind of like the mobsters myself. I think they got a really interesting way of doing business. And they leave the rest of us alone. Some people who don't charge. But other than that. Speaking of that, your telephone call records may be for sale. Here's that story that people were like hitting around last couple of days. Really sick. Really stupid. Really idiotic. Pathetic. Phone companies in federal lawmakers are demanding it be halted. The FCC is launching an investigation. Now, they're more worried about whether we say crap on the air or an illness or something like that. Famous anus cookies. But no, people are still in your cell phone number. It's just incredible. The business of buying and selling private phone call records is suddenly under considerable scrutiny. And the internet it turns out has taken something old, a tool for monitoring cheating spouses or conniving business associates and made it new again. Last week, at least 40 websites were offering cell phone numbers, unlisted numbers, and calling records. For 110 bucks or so, they'd said you a month worth of cell phone calling records for any number. The records have been bought and sold for decades, prized by private investigators, lawyers and people in less legitimate professions, slime balls, like maybe Vincent de Chimgigante. Case in point. In 1998, LA Police Department of the Surrey Security Problem suspected Moves Lucy obtained home phone numbers and dresses of detectives. And an apparent attempt at an intimidation a Movesger showed up at a police officer's home model was at work and gave his name out to the officer's wife. Now, he did a send him a message like Joe Azam and I. Joe Azam. During my wall of a hinnishy bite, when he's a fourth on the outside. The LA PD eventually determined that the officer's personal data came from a Denver firm touch-toe information ink that used to take mekknown as pre-testing under what pre-text. Touch-toe work is with call-of-phone companies and records holders pertaining to be regulated as customers are employees and get them to divulge account information. The case dirt outrage. The FTC force touch-toe on out of business. It's all her James Rapps, but if you must and Jay, I want to account these achilikes. Six years later, pre-testing is again the spotlight. According to reports this month, Chicago is police to run his ward officers that their cell phone records are available online. Illinois Attorney General subsequently subpoenaed lokatel.com. No, look, look, oh, I see. Locate cell.com. I'm sorry. Locate cell.com. A website that sells such records. Got it. Locate. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight. Highlight social security number. From, on-line database companies, often a name addressed in the last four digits if a person social security number are all let's say it'll obtain calling records. Another route is to buy information from insiders like phone company employees. The FTC went after touch-toe on not-first newf and Pearl Hee College Hotelës that lasted. But for pre-testing, financial information from banks are primary focus group in san financial because that's really where the利 women's population is. People were appointed to lead. They were saying so well. stays good like a cigarette should. A social directly, the FTC's the Norwegian privacy in injury protection. If I'm protecting a bank and getting your bank account records, I can drain your account. One thing to drain the dragon, it's another thing to drain your account. The websites that cell phone records these days, they tend to not doing anything illegal on getting them. They claim no specific prohibition exists against posing as somebody else for a team, private information, as long as the data is not financial. Senators Bill Nelson of Florida is about time he did something. Chuck Schumer of New York and Arlin Inspector of Pennsylvania introduced the ability yesterday to make an illegal proposal to somebody else from calling a phone company or for an employee to sell customer data. What do you think that would have been illegal a long time ago? I mean, duh, I think. Right. Jeez. In the meantime, customers can put a minor roadblock for pretectures themselves by asking their phone company to set a pin code for their account and set it using their social security number. See, they can get your social security, but they can't get your pin. All right. I'm going to say, of course, it's from somebody in the inside. In this case, it's screwed all the way up. 560560, palm 560, Neville Ryzen, SIGITER, wireless lines, Johnny Carson 80, Richard Prior 79, look at that. We got a battle going like crazy. Tudoress Thompson, Distance, Curie. Aren't you shocked that Johnny Carson's getting a battle from Richard prior? No. Huh? No. Why not? Aren't you shocked, Josh? Not really. My am. Here's Johnny. He was our bigger than life itself. So was Richard prior. Then that would be like, we'd a Cosby dying or something. We can only pray. You know, I got to be honest with him. I watched here for about 30 seconds. Fuck, turn in there. We're being mean. Oh, because it's just that the humor, it's the incredulity of a US sit there and you will listen. You watch and you listen. That grotesque creature and it's sound that comes out of its throat. And you say, this is somebody on the ear. This is of course we can take this seriously. What I want to know is just exactly how far. And the only things that they talk about on any of these talking, it's good out of this case. And as opposed to time, we're all the scandals and stuff. The only thing they talk about is the coal miners that you are a survivor guy. And then of course the guy that the disappeared on the cruise ship. That's it. That's all they talk about. Peter Jennings, how would we forget? Good Canadian boy, Peter Jennings, eh? How could we elect him all? How could they have left him all the list that I scoured through on the internet's man? They're too busy giving out your phone numbers. They can't give the information right on the internet's Peter Jennings. I never watched him. I mean, I've watched him a couple of times. But he was all right. He was a universal refrigerator in. Right. Somebody to a, I'm hello. To a, I'm. Hey, George. Whatever George is. Yeah. Over. Right. Why is it? Loomer, sizing. That George. George, who was watching and died in 2005? Well, it's. Who? W. W. W. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Didn't you have a cash tie this year? Johnny Cal. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Mine, oh man. These internet sites, they missed the big names for Christ. They're not engaged in just some like, you know, a Saturday road to hitchhiking old slime ball. He's a famous slime ball. Right. So you need to go to a debtorlive.com. I don't have time. I listen. If we'd gotten all of them on their head at time, that's right. What would we be doing right now? Right. Think of a lot of them. We're doing right now. Listen, here's a little pool lesson for it. Mr. Ruh, because you're still learning on these pools. Look, and that is, don't ever like do the complete list on there because once you do that, that's the end of your show. Right. Okay. And for those people that hate the pools, by the way, two things are going to be interesting and bad because these people, this audience is hanging out of that pool. It's just like you old may pool when you're kid in school, you know, every do the may pool thing. Yeah. It's like it's like we're grabbing for the brass ring like when you run the fair out merry go round. Believe me, it's the same thing. They are latched onto it. Big time. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah, it's more our David. It's a tie last. Yeah. That's just wishful thinking on your part. Come on now. Cut the crap. Oh, don't do it. You should put your gun in the hole until you get it out of the tower anyway. 560. Wouldn't it be something if he wouldn't have done that. That would have been great. Ready to give it to her? Got any QAM? Hello. No, you wouldn't. QAM. Two dollars. Yeah. My battery may be damaged by dying on my phone, about that. Oh, yes. Did you got a man crossohn Laura? Yes we do. Okay. Good. If you got 16 votes, you got my vote. Thank you so much. And conservative battery. Okay. That's what Sally Fitz always said. going to fall right out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty back home on the horizon singular wireless line good old Sally fits the member or johnny cock instead of the food fits fight it nobody said something like that the food fighters said that four hundred seventy four post let me tend to once it don't have any i mean we can go back to the other part but but once they don't have any giant one of the seventies is one on a johnny cash jack Anderson nobody to the audience members jack Anderson he was like a big muck-racking commerce from Washington and we're him no round the woods is your life route skits Henderson who he did the music of the sea out on show he uh... much millerage is a musical guy was there with a beer from rockster from rockster in europe as was much more by the way i don't think skits Henderson was but mid-middle was were bears to say hill regard on have any john rate would a great voice john rate member him no care on davis we don't like to get as do we the whole week on the prince reading on and spread a grace killie and saw but maybe because of the race call maybe the people are pissed off in because somebody better should have gotten her all boy she was pristine man this is what he was clean and pristine queen and saw below none i just got a paper cut i'll be there on the uh... my mother pinky blood who no no oh yeah you're right on the right on the knuckle of the little pinky on the first knuckle on the star of how come paper cuts are so bad for the business a.r. i guess you get paper particles and they're just aggravating now you don't get paper particles what are you talking about paper is like a paper particlesinental probably real because of pap<|ln|>id edges since in a few some papers später guuch Herr Hiernec a lobbed before do dr.w��� Qian came these whose online jekwim davander delivered ever jong one kittledie we go you wish for given кад told you is the board in the EBR one b k i think one b better google uh... you are you in the sea and i'm probably when george was a kid he watched the reruns of the old boring for uh... dollars you write all the time never miss one red booth sure oh yeah carmond cell phenol any co-allics sermon bipset we're always talking about them in gipset because we can't remember where i'm in rgipset that's right right you just did sermon gives in very strange less-handed board had a and on Carter that you've told us on Carter lanes several of them see there you go so that i told you are boring maybe i'm under a very sad vellist or if he's still doing that boring boring stuff on cbs who's death in 2005 was the status for you four eighty six that's it a month ago about gara yes i vell man he's to he's sure got his share and then some anyway which it probably for johnny carcene to three that is just as tight as a which is irlo man i hate this both of these seven uh... number of about fifty five how to rest on thirty three with a van russ twenty four book john Paul the two twenty four by the way happy thursday mall he's listening and bankrupt sixteen roze apart fourteen dot and zillivan bob dendor and nipsy russle ten a piece and seven these and twelve ten who the law for the jews a hangstram seven to eight shablo seven how's your two three seven john d'orean five George vest they English footballer i can't believe that the George vest is got off four votes can you that's shocking to me peter jenney's three eighty-goer three pat marita three polventil three head of my show many times by the wind of phone and the albert three frank per new three send redia d three was a good day at the sky blue would be light about it james doing three how's how you doing James that's a long uh... johnny cockering two will you break was two fat rich has got uh... one he had a super a one for what you can cross my heart more such on mills what you may remember about the getty's art miller and none for dickwebber the bore would one be like a said johnny cash at Anderson wealth at what's district will he crash online witchiner and sorrel fellow William with a healing file for sizable you read And my show, I know the microphone that comes out, I'm a little bit of a type, that plays along and I feel it, it does get nice and has a beautiful singing voice, I am so much so happy, no choice, I'm just thinking that they cover up for me while I play, and shake my hips. It's 11.02 at 5.60, 20 minutes away from him, ratings coming out the fall, rating book, any interest, and only by the people in the business, and only by those people who sit and out there at the edge of the seats, waiting for him to fall on his ass this time, they're going to, and maybe we will, and you know what who cares? This fact is excellent, you wonder why? Because the last part of it, right? More names for our, the full question is who's death in 2005 was saddest to you, Eugene McCarthy, how come we leave him out? I was in 2005 or was that in January? Well look at the Google, what do you mean you don't know Google it? Jesus God, you guys only do a sit there and eat that free food, and you know, what's your thing about each other's butt, what? Thanks, always. Eugene McCarthy, thanks now, we see that already got the free food, no, that's what it's all about. I was just talking yesterday about people coming to work and showing up in that place and really sticking their nose in the, uh, back to own rhinestone, Ed McBane, I don't know who that is. No, Ed McBane and what Ed McMan, which if he died, it would be okay with me. Ed McBane, I don't know who that is. Frank Worschen, remember the, the Didler, are the ridler, right? Uh, like Frank Worschen, he was good. Charlie Chism, I mean if Rosa Parks, who did know for the black community, you show each of them are Rosa Parks. You're doing McCarthy, I can December. So there you go, so we're going to get these on there. I don't know Ed McBane. I see Davis, activist, uh, all the Sunday, he was 87 died of my meat, and he's just Google because it is OSSI, I see Davis. And then the most important part of this poll is all the Americans who died needlessly in a rack. Let's get that on there immediately if not soon, okay? All the Americans who died needlessly in a rack. Got it, Josh, or where was putting these on there? Josh, Josh, in between, uh, feedings. Got it? Yeah, got it. I got it. Sorry, right, right, right, right. You're a lunch or you're going to stop all the way to the board there. Yeah, I know, I know, sorry to do that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 6 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Of course this year, you had like, Lou Rolls already? Well, much, much better. A bunch of people, I don't just have a few days. Of course, I forget who the hell they were, but I remember Lou Rolls though. You just about fell off your chair. Didn't you? I was headed out to that, facts. Oh, sorry, did you say that? You were in, hello. You were in. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a good website for you. If you want to look up all these dead people and alive people, stuff, it's called DeaderLiveInFo.com. Uh-huh. That's what I'm looking at. And Johnny Cash died in 03. Ah, Johnny Cash may dead a long time. Let's get him off of their right away. Sorry, Eric. I got one for you since I'm really, really fat. The guy that said time to make the doughnuts Michael. Right. Yeah, Michael Veil. Right. And, frankly, if he would've just made him one or two less times, he might still be with us today. And Pat McCormick, also. Who's that? Pat McCormick, that real fact guy was in the smoking-to-band of movies. Oh, Pat McCormick. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Yeah. Two. Put found the doughnuts. So let's get Johnny Cash off of their eating, but he didn't realize. Do 2003? Put the fact said, yeah, and I had to hear. That was facts to then. Somebody sent a facts in the news story about Johnny Cash dying dated 2003. Yeah, and I had to hear. Walk the line. Let me look it up. How could, how could time be going by that fast when you're older? Here's the official Johnny Cash web page. Down, down, down, down. How's his liver coming by the way? Which one? The one at George Bestook. Let's see. The high-end Johnny Cash is his those four words resonated and got like in Godby because where's the dates on here? I don't want all this other foreplay. Boy, this is difficult. I hear the train of coming. It's rolling around the fence. And I've seen the sun shine. I don't think this one is dead enough. Man in black. Oh, geez. Oh, yeah. The old ring of fire. You know what that thing was always doing? I mean, that's all. Oh, I forgot this. Here he go. We've got it. CNN. Leave it to old CNN. They certainly not seen news network. The date is, well, how was the date on this story? Post in February, September, 2003. I told you, two, that's the story. The man in black died. That's ancient history for crying out loud. Might as well put you will give him's on there too if you're going to put Johnny Cash. He died three years ago for Christ's Saints. Right. Okay. That's enough of that. Hey, Johnny. This story is going to like a piss on people off and it rightfully so. And arrested the people go, but remember like that. Who cares? And alumni group is offering students up to $100 for class to supply takes and notes exposing University of California LA professors UCLA who allegedly express less extreme left-wing political views. In other words, if they're left of a tele-ahun, uh, expose them. The year old, Bruno alumni association on its website says it's considered about professors who used lecture time to press positions against President Bush, the military and not multinational corporations among other things. All of these things. The setting includes a list of what the group calls the colleges 30. About 30 minutes. Most radical professors were just trying to get people back on a professional level of things so the group president found her Andrew Jones. I thought he played for the day of praise. A 2003 UCLA graduate and former chairman of student Breweren Republicans. Having been a student myself up until 2003 and then watching what other students like myself have gone through. I'm very concerned about the level of professional teaching at UCLA. Some of the group's targets accused of conducting a witch hunt, which I would say. Absolutely. Any sober concern citizen would look at this and see right through it as a reactionary form of McCarthyism, said education professor Peter McLaren, whom the association ranked number 1 is the of the dirty 30 ranking the worst of the worst. The dirty 30. But 30 man. Any decent American is going to see through this kind of right-wing propaganda. I just find it has no credibility he'd be saying. The association's assistant named targets and pays students for information led to the resignation of at least one of its 20 plus advisory board members. That just seems to me way too intrusive said Harvard history and Stephen Thurren's drum and affirmative action opponent in the former U.S.L.A. professor. It seems to me a kind of visual items and that I very much object to. You go Steve. You sweeted you Nazi-Bans did you all a sweeds, you know. Other advisory board members accord to the association website include Linda Chavez, a former federal civil rights commissioner in the Reagan administration and had a very Virginia based anti-affirmative action group former Republican representative Tim Logan. Oh, that idiot. K.O. Oh, no, I'm going to vomit. I'm going to keep my guts on. I haven't even here. K.A.B.C. radio host Alice Rantell and activist Joe Hicks. UCLA officials said they'll warn the association that selling copies of professors lectures would violate campus rules and raised copyright issues. The nonprofit association is raised 22 grand from 100 donors at Jones 24. Alice Rantell. Hey Alice, you first. You're self-hating faggot. Maybe you ought to run away to look with the misdraught. That would be a match made in heaven. That would be a match made in purgatory. You silly ass. You're fair queen you. Oh, brother. You talk about a sellout. But nevertheless, you know, the parents had money and so therefore he was raised as a good little Republican and the Mr. Ego kind of solidified that. And now he's like a ranting, a ranting and raving rantell. You silly ass queen you, okay? And take down the Sean Cassidy pictures. Alice, people are starting to talk. You sippled in. God. Let's see. Artiel. Oh, artiel. What do I gym to feed you with say? I bet you this fastest from gym to feed this. What's his thing? Is that right? Hey, Jim, they have these amazing things called razors like Casey Cason must say. God. What a. Oh. How could they put that thing on television? That thing? Gym to feed you. His thing. Oh. He is just gruesome. He looks like a gigantic buddy nevens. Like they both are grown under the same dumpster. Yeah. Artiel, you got it. We got it. I wonder what was his favorite color? Short truce. Teal. Maybe black. I don't know. Anyway, he's there. Artiel, on a gym to feed you said he had this note. Anyway. Well, it's a gym to feed you to her. But he more. In fact, maybe that's really a gym to feed you up on our tower. And by the way, if it is believe me, you won t be here in us too much. What's the longest of this? It's real razors. This is by 16. 18. Pretty in. Dumb as dirt. No. We have to decide to. No. Backed by the deterrents of the nature of my de-checkered faith. Now you can take home the round of all. All that makes my mind soar. The best years of what remains of my life. I can't have this place. I can't have this place. Just for all time like they don't go with hell, the few ones. I've looked at this tree and hurt it and mentioned it. I've had enough of my new life. Not yours as I've done so much. I've had my new life. You've got to do it. You have to, God, God, God, God I'm going to the door. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. Oh, it's on. I'm going to hear the news report whole. Wait, is there a place that less than me? Yes. Yes. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I'm going to go in. It's on 18 and five, 60. Q. I am speaking to that. Right. Go. Oh. Here. He's got it. He can't catch a Richard Parsofar. I think I'm unbelievable. Cheers, battle. Never had two dead people, so, uh, Vangily, you know what? Right. Richard, prior 94 Johnny Carson 91, Holy moly, right. Man, it is tight. I hate this. It's just about 66, not the above 60 minutes. Wait on to, uh, 100, as Thompson 37, and after that's really small potatoes. How is the troops doing, by the way? They're moving up fast and they should be. They should pass everybody. All the Americans who died needlessly in Iraq 12 and just went on it like four seconds ago. And between sandwiches from, uh, how is chili? Oh, you got chili, they? Oh, yeah. All right. Thought of some how is it from chili? I have to sell as manager, uh, taste tested first before you guys eat it. An audio tape message reported to me from al Qaeda leader Osama, your mama was American people that plans for terror attacks in the US are already underway. Oh, my God. I would also like to say that the war against American intelligence will not be confined to Iraq. Iraq has become a magnet for attracting and training talented fighters of OSHAD. It's not exactly what it said that. At the New York Times back to after 9.11. Please invade Iraq. Please, pretty please, Mr. Bush. And, of course, you know, see, this has got nothing to do with the Arabs and the Jews. This has to do with the Bushes and the Bin Laden. Right. We're caught in the middle of it. CNN could immediately confirm that the voice in the poor quality audio tape, which was aired on Arabic language network, Al Jazeera today, was that have been allowed in high ever? CNN, CNN, CNN, her editor, Farra Raffer, is Octavian Nasser, said it does sound like the al Qaeda leader. Sounds like him. See, they're him or Rich Little. He died yet. Oh, I wish. I know, boy, I saw the same, like him. They all sound like Rich Little. Oh, what's wrong with that? All your voices sound like you. Yeah, but I don't claim to be an impression. Our moves have been available to overcome all the security measures in European countries. You saw the operation in major European capital of the voice on the tape said, as for similar operations taking place in America, it's only a matter of time. They're in the planning stages, and you'll see them in the heart of your land as soon as the planning is complete. And it goes on, but a beep, but a beep, but about your president Bush has been misleading you. He lied when he said the people are behind him. A opinion polls have indicated that the overwhelming majority of you lie him to pull the troops out of our land. We have the answer to these misleading information. What? Get with your grammar, man. The situation in Iraq is getting worse for you and the dead and the injured among you. He was on the rise. The voice on the tape said it's not very exactly what polls he's talking to. But, while they got the one about 53% said the things are going badly in Iraq and beep. But a boop. Half the response said it was a bad idea, so any way, troops enter first place. The message also from Osama, I'm offered a truce. It is obvious now that Bush has been misleading to people. It's better for you not to fight the Muslims on their territory. And we offer a long-term truce. We're a nation that will not stand people in the back. We would like to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. There's nothing wrong with a sub-proature. Where the warmongers are against his option of voice said. If the voice on the tape has determined to be that of Osama, you might not be the first message from Emissancy released to audio tape messages in December of 2004. The last video tape message from Bush he just before the US presidential lesson was stolen in 2004. There you go. There's Osama, you mama. And CNN is an all-word like Stink on a grave. The threat they already have been affected and grabbing the attention of the world media. No, I'm going to read that a little bit of a fatter about the internet. Thanks to people like you. The US is Limbaugh. You symboled him. Oh. Oh. There is Moll. I'm going to go towards you. Now let's see. Let's see if I've the sub-loved effect of playing that like Goose is up a little bit for Johnny. That's not his side. I mean Richard Pirer was funny. He was okay but I remember it was you saying at least 10 years ago that Johnny had anything funny in 20 years. He never said anything funny. I wasn't a Johnny Carson fan. I'm just talking about in terms of popularity. I didn't vote for him. I vote for Anne Bancroft. Johnny Carson? Yeah. And a lot of people agree that he wasn't so funny. But I will say this. I mean compared to Jay Lino, he was a panic. Well, come on. He was hysterical. But what you did Jack Pardy? Did he die last year or the year before that? But Google that. Speaking of the United States, which Jack Par was sensational and Johnny Carson was just a week, a limp imitation. Oh, you're wrong. He was a... It was a funny, he was honest. He was honest. He's funny and he's less than Joe. He's out of court. I'm thinking of Martin? 2004. Ah, geez. Well, if we went to the next year, I bet you Jack Pardy got a couple of votes. I don't think we did this last year. I think we did this last year. Let's do it. No, yeah, let's do the... I got a great idea. Let's do every day. We'll do it. I'll pull on a different year. 2004. And they will like, Mr. Mash. We'll like move more on a little bit. Like 1914, you know, how's that? Okay? Because we don't want to be too predictable, right? Seven minutes away from the bottom of the hour, baby, 1130. We're going to feel dirty at 1130. You know what I mean? Thought so many men could the numbers come out. I feel I'm clean already. I haven't really done. Do you have any permination? No, I think it'll be all right though. Okay, not great though. Of course, I would be got that big goose from Wilma. We're already going to make a good excuse. I would be that that big goose from Hurricane Wilman. So remember that a huge month because anybody and everybody, if they want to hear what's going on, they turn over. They were expecting at least that they might have some news on instead of talking about a stupid bunch of ball games that got canceled, you know? Jesus. You know, when there comes a time in life, well, whatever. We'll see. And current, of course, was in the very nervous crack in your knuckles this morning. That was something. Speaking of cracking your ass, the Marlins and Highly, to talk about a part. That is just so choice man. There are no words to describe how choice it is. The Highly, Marlins, then that's said you really are the whole. I'll be going even less than before. Oh no. You are a fan. The Highly, Marlins says the Hurl and very jackass contributed to this come to an arbor Stein back and Rebecca Delagloria. And Gloria Swanson. I do like her frozen dinners though, especially the Turkey and stuff. Do you remember that? Oh yeah, all the time. I like these cells very much. The Florida Marlins and Highly, I tell you what I do like is the Stofors, Lazania. Me too. It only can't make it with ricotta cheese. I love ricotta cheese. So you just never had ricotta cheese. If you want to do our smart didn't got the canoes over there, you'd say, oh, this is very mind your mind. So fantastic. The Marlins and Highly, Amir Julio Rabina will meet next week to the Succesal Possibility of Building a Baseball Stadium in High Alia, Robina confirmed last night. Rabina said Marlins representatives arranged a meeting mentioned three possible sites for a ballpark. The New York Park Race Track. And area west of Interstate 95 both privately owned. And the media air hard park, which is day property. Oh, a media air hard Cheydei too, by the way. And to hear about your kids in Harris, is it a long shot? I'm not looking at his long shot Rabina said I want to do everything possible to keep the Marlins and Succesal over da. I've been approached by residents and people in the community have reached out to me. The Marlins confirmed next week's meeting but to find a comment further. Not everyone on Highly has convinced the fledging courtship is like the turn into a committed relationship. Highly a council president Esteban Steve Bovo said that while he'd like to see that Marlins come to Highly, he wouldn't be surprised if Lord of the fifth largest city was being used as a pawn in the pubs quest for a permanent home. No kidding, Steve, O Esteban. If the Marlins want to come to Highly, I'd be the first guy cheerleading for the cause Bovo said, but I wouldn't put a past of Marlins to be using the city of High Alia as a flood to get the city of Miami moving on the shore of somebody else. How a hundred of me are, press secretary de Miami Mayor, many deias declined to comment and the aparent that used to sit around on the shoulder of a mayor of teammate Kemi. He ain't speaking after me. How's your buddy doing by the way? Juan, may I? I'm hurt for a bit a lot. Now since it became one of those army of people, yeah. It was like a Scotland-McClone of the big county, Juan, Indiana. I'll always used to like a one whenever they'd like to cut it all. Lion, piece of crafts, Scotland, God's going to get you baby. The lie like crazy. You tool. He's just another tool, kind of like Ari Fliesher and who is the one who's the other one? Pete Williams. Hey Pete. You fair. Never that. I never forget when we were doing the Don't Ask Don't Tell That Whole Thing and Pete Williams was the, he was the, the spokesman for the Clinton administration and he was out there like, but a beat, but a boot, but about the, and meantime he's a, who you're full on paid, okay? You closet queen. It's just very sad. Kind of like Alice Rantell and Miss Fudge. Numbers come down and you're just wrong with St. He's been down to the idea of seeing I squeeze a really tight. That's a looting. What are you doing? How about right to win some of this? Huh? Well, he had known all the voices by the past. Yeah. Well, he's gone tight. With citizens fighting. And with the end of the win, runs round. That's a looting. I'm a thief. Over turn approach and judgement. Well, he lost. At those good search teams. How did we get caught in? Over little drop. Well, he make us rock and jade. For life. There. Should we like only to baby? DRAH! Little girl, say to you, too. But should stand by him forever. But we're guilty. My right is still waiting. Ah, ah, ah. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. You're especially. And we can speak about a week. The Sun Sentals taking a poll right now as we speak on their website. A group from supported by Florida's Republican Party wants a voter referendum this November. And one of the banned game marriages in same sex civil unions in the state. Are you for or against the ban? Only 170 people so far. I guess they just went on a short time ago. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. They'll be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. And I guess they're going to be a little bit scared. Yeah, yeah, a lot of children in Judaism so much now. Which is as thin as clara. This supermarket, afraid African food, but they didn't let the people in general. Every community in our lives is different. And so I hit children. So just having children in liberal food, we're going to think different are— I noticed this. um sesame meat, and then I want them to have athings. They're going to look like a toy. It says I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks PT Anderson's Magnolia is a masterpiece of filmmaking Amy Mann's incredible score and soundtrack fits the movie to a tea one of my favorite soundtracks of all time also a bit of a new man for She's married the Sean Penn's brother Michael Penn who was in PT Anderson's boonites and hope for that soundtrack also Which we just love boonites just with their music actually inspired PT Anderson or right to skip from my go to how do you like that? I bet you didn't know that either one of you guys. Oh, it was three of us Well, I had no I had no clue about that Much of anything else. I don't want to miss bass start coming over to where I thought boy that's pretty quick for the numbers Maybe we could be number Huh? We could be number Members One It's so good That's news she was there somewhere come out where we are Amy One minute in time Can be said is It's a great movie and I'm sick and tired here and all and the picky what did this mean? What did that mean and the ending wasn't long enough and we should have made a 10 hour movie Yeah I didn't think that quick They didn't finish up all the stories What is it? When the three and a half hours they went out of film Okay, they ran out of film. They ran out of film. It wasn't long enough. They ran out of film. You know what I'm saying? You said that they'd be wrapped up all the Story of the day there's no movie that ever wraps up all the story lines ever Okay, how about the psycho? Did we have a psycho part two? Did we have a magnolia part two? And then the eight we made psycho was able to be shocked Every time you take that pull it winds up in the bottom three. What's that best movie that you ever liked in the no matter how you slice it? Well psycho Magnolia That's that's not true. Yeah, that is the best movie that all time was magnolia is in the bottom three They're about I'm gonna tell you during the next group Mr. during the next break. I'm gonna go back into their history of our polls We've done and if magnolia's in the bottom three I will stick my tongue all the way from tomorrow down there and look you cheap Like that rather takes a money. Yeah. Well, that's the best I can do right now. I had a roughly Monday all right Pretty many lot worse 620 votes if we can get to about 660 by the top of the hour we can make a thousand of a that's what Josh courtes is he's figuring out right now He's analyzing it. He's approving it. He's thinking about it. I'm doing the pool too. Huh? Don't you think we can do a thousand? They got 622 More than possible and certainly with all the Americans that died needlessly in Iraq and I'm having 46 votes I'm gonna pass it in by us like they're staying like they're lying a flat out which they are That should be number one by a million miles that should be most significant to all of us to anybody with a brain That hell with Richard prior to hell with Johnny Carson. He's very Johnny, you know That's right. Put an as monologue, you know the whole same well and with the what's his name? Who the was in the band? Doc Severance Doc Severance. I've always been like a lot. Yeah, yeah, nice jackets. Oh, brother Always tutin on that horn, but like I made out of golf pants Wonder what they're molded what I said about him five six seven. Oh five sixty boys 1137 already having to come in there with any numbers Yeah, just no handed me some the 12-year-old My second powers again is a smiling frown. Oh, he said it like with a one lip curl up. Who's in that clearance? Yeah, and so that's not good though Not so far, but we just got a 12 plus right now. Oh, in other words. He's that's all we got. Well, so that doesn't be anything right well Send them along. Okay, send me whatever you got. I think I got a huge stack of fast paper They're all primed up a way to go all looped up no one at the numbers are coming out today. I always have to loop up when the numbers come up Speaking of numbers the job of carrying out the voter mandate to bring slot machines to Robert County's been taken over by rowing Traxxas and cranes says your slum Sentinel workers this weekly and tumbling the 40-year-old concrete bleachers at Pompano Park Terrying walls and twisting metal to make way for a 157,000 square foot race. You know that will house four rest-iron shops a sports bar on the state-imposed maximum of 15 hundred slot machines are which many will be good machines, man We think it'll be a first-class facility said Allen Solomon executive as president of Iowa Capriacasinos Which owns the hardest track in Pompano Beach Pompano Park is the latest per mutual not breaking ground for the biggest down machines Constructed is also underway in the least two other venues allowed the set of slots and executive's believed gambling will begin and brought within six months six months We're moving ahead to the Americans of Hollywood Greyhunter. We should have been the operation by now You know what that Already been the bells should be ringing and people should be singing the habit of good time and a money should be clinking and all But not in Florida, man. Just drag their feet drag the feet at the dog track the first and third floor So we were model make way for slots the new marty grothi will redefine Hollywood Greyhunter and initial phase it will cost about 45 minutes Stots over me and there until a new 65,000 square foot building with restaurants and traps is erected on the east side of the track Preliminary timescalf are a hotel to complete a third phase They also being park in hall and they are which hand-cates like poison is in the midst of building a 40,000 square foot facility housing restaurant and a sports bar Exitatives there also said they hope my sheans will be up and running in six months the fourth per mutual Lotter run slot machines Daniel highlight can be reached for comment on Wednesday. Maybe they were like squeezing their polotas For some of the trash these pines are scared back dreams of what could have been if they had their way In Pompano Park and they shall plant call for a hundred and fifty million dollar entertainment mecca Well, I'm Mecca with night pump hotels even a water park those projects are still up in the years Accountants figure out how much profitability's been knocked out by restrictions imposed by the Florida legislature We don't want to have a mecca there because too many herbs will show up the state legislator We know about this but I mean put a move when the process of completing the design of the interior We're costing all that out and establishing a budget said Solomon who hoped the legislature would have allowed us facility Creatory 3000 machines you have to understand that with fifteen hundred less machines that takes 20 to 30 million out of the project Solomon hopes that more solid times within two months the FDLE is having 39 new agents in aimless to be responsible for monitoring the slots operations And the state division of permutary must write regulation within six months to allow the machines to be an operating if No rules are written within six months the trash will still be allowed to run their machines under temporary licensing Drag your face drag your feet on the old Mississippi mud. Is that that saying drag your feet on the Florida mud and the Everglades? That's okay. Let's so reach back. I know it's great time But let me take a look and see why turns keep it in like that 12 plus six to midnight This is the whole the whole enchilada number one W ed are taking a huge jump there. What the hell happened with that huh? CMQ FM heavy ethnic here maybe hot number three dropping Presidiously from number one life life for the five four and a five four days to just stay the same Always the same slush a radio man. Be your goodness is 12 plus of course. It's the old Julio is baby. What do you want? I don't see us anywhere Two two to two two oh two two two two oh That's the whole class. That's the one from 19 to 20 what a full station right I am z from one five or one nine I told you watch out for that scare America. Did I not not What about those other guys across the street? Oh oh from a Oh point five to a one point one Dan then at that process of dolphin book. Is that a good excuse? Sure whether this is 12 plus WFTL that's a normal canceled station 0.4 Take a NWPPZ which any of them what that is P-P-Z from non-existent to a 0.3 heavy heavy duty Okay, let's do the break and it will come back to be a bunch of numbers that nobody will understand This is the new Roger This is five Oh Barry Some days you say that he is fine Some days you say he has flat line So come on and let us know Will he stay or will he go? He would not pay fake He had a stroke on heaven safe I Think someone is telling lies Don't even know if he's alive Maybe you still wouldn't just tell What's up with I will show Do you want to tell you about I would he go into the real thanks to will militia not a bug even done a November thing Right, you just forget about it. I agree. I think I got sent back an over but third man. What is it? We'll be this show anyway. We'll be number two when we get the attended to I'm sure that I would be going to kick our ass And it did well. I knew that did that this morning? Yes, you did there was no doubt a bullet man because of the Heric hurricane and I see also keep in mind I and he was simultaneously casting IOD during November for a couple of weeks during that Will the business when in other ways you know this they told you that? No, I just looked as I was attacking You looked at what another was your many minutes under three and then I just added our usual one-ish that we get one the way Extrapulated you know In other words, you're not even number two. I know we're like three or like five What are you talking about We're number five and men 10 to three 2554 right wow But the other numbers that are ahead of like where a five point The other one's like a 5.2 to 5.3. Yeah, so on the ad the the one that we usually add on to that when you extra Well, but I still and you folks let's see 2554 men top 105 heavy ethnic and Wilma you put that together IOD look at that From a three point station a summer book to a number two five point seven, okay? That's what happens when something besides vulgames is going on a world we take a big dump here on QAM Thanks to that fantastic news department We're keeping right on top of it EDR third CQ fourth W AM all man talk about heavy ethnic. I don't know more went from 11 to fifth EDR got all the diaries They just broke all kinds of records all across the day did they really end it across double WSDJ 44 to a four five Big five eight down before and then these numbers are said They say let's see what about life is number eight QAM look at that I guess that's overall how from a four five and men a 2554 to a three four from number five number ten oh my god That's what goes when you had that hurry came baby. I and Z two O to a two five and I said I'll hit with skier America because I've been dropping like a rocket's got to do with the hurry came Waxy from a 1.3 to a 2 to two there were in a two to over did they went from 23 to 20 EDR to 19 in men 2554 they make it a big move can you smell it? Wow this is scandalous is what this is isn't it? I guess sure one of what we had the hurricane I mean that we were expecting this I told you this did not have to had a band feeling about this I could smell it yeah, but you say that all I've been a put some paper in there. Okay, whistle a tune Where's that rappers the light bed there? We've been rehearsing You have the loopy you know if you're not an user You need to make a call that crap Let's see so that's that's pretty interesting marginally all right. Let's see what happened in the day parts okay Men 2554 and we can dispense with this crap So I guess we can't play that thing anymore. We'll play it anyway. Okay. We'll find some demo In retard how do you know we're number two? You're just guessing on it. We got to wait till mom Levin wrong About as far as that extrapolation man 2554 or 6 to 10 a.m W XDJ is number one no speaking in glaze Big Uh, and that interesting they dropped from a 7 one shared with six four, but they moved from number three number two This is very this whole thing screwed up They're following by a radio on more which continues creeping up and up no spig any glace in south Florida baby Ta 105 a nine to a five nine. It took a big drop That's in the morning Wild from a two seven to a five three a double the audience thanks to Wilma They should only croak okay two by Wilma did not throw tower over right in the damn bay You know we double the audience to an Andrew remember What was Wild? Was not that this radio station exactly CN Q FM 440 with five They're number six No speaking in glaze EDR for one four one Sound of what you're talking about maybe some places What about missing on here oh I guess 2 a.m Magic 3 3 to a 3. Oh yeah that's that bottle handle the music manner stuck love 29 to a three Radio a swivey one one to a two point it. Oh, I'm gonna tell you man. This is such a heavy ethnic thing I guess all the non ethnic so let's town for two months Holy W.A. S.U.A. radio swivey. Oh my god. They all got Each D.R. I don't know what that is one I'm gonna do with two five what is that? That is that uh huh the rock station for like of a better term right crack Q.A.M. This is in a morning 3.8 from number eight to number 12 to a two five oh my The close two a two five and ppz we know what is ppz sorry b huh That's a comedy sting I don't remember what that is but they're number 15 with a two four They beat they tied waxy they tied waxy so let's see in a morning we had a two five and waxy went from a one four to a two four That's where their increase was they had a big goose in the morning there and you know what I'm thinking again? No what I raw Hank was moving up nicely once the basketball season ended there and jump away to hell up Boosted up and then we got our a back. But I know nobody will you know yes nobody will listen to me there. You know He just all my stuff. I got nothing to say about it. I'm gonna keep my mouth shut. They won't listen to me anyway. You know that If I can't matter what I say they run the other way they do the exact opposite. How come the rest of the stuff ain't coming over now? I don't know what all through the day still sending here It's 2425. Well, we'll pay 25 but maybe it's not just not printing it yet. All right, so they're just shut up I'm there a lot of buffers. It'll come flying through there. Okay, let's get back to business. Okay. We talked we're number five and man Which is unprecedented. I think I miss an any station. I never heard of that. I just want to see the numbers though for myself Before I decide with the right we would you were analization But you got your thumb in the right place. Okay. Let's get back to the poll. Okay. Who's death in 2005 was Sanus to you Richard prior 100 Johnny Carson 96 come on folks I hate this poll 71 none of the above 64 all the Americans who died needlessly in Iraq 62 that will be number one and should be What else we got none of the above 80 65 How do I stop? 143. Pope Paul's got Luther Van Rush 29 and bankrupt 21 Rosa Park 16 Peter Jennings 13 Don Adam 13 if she Russell 11 Simon of these in fall 11 5 10 and he Guerrero 8 Terry Shavoy Hank's ran seven George best six James doing five Billy Wink West five John glory and five and after that It's teeny town potatoes this thing is not putting them all out or we see it but let me think it look hurt as receiving but I know what else receiving at this point. So this is maybe just just got worn out Just got tired of my phone around she's huh? It's a breathe 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 so how did the Waxy do in midday you said I don't I don't have it anymore We mean you don't have many more they get taken on out of here What else are all about suppose that this doesn't come through and you got to refax it again What do you mean they get taken on out of there or here they come back Jesus what kind of a pilot communist garbage is this? I don't just call me suck the time I told you the woman was gonna break our back. Did I tell you that? Yeah, what I've heard in this some more in five or ten minutes How do they do they did the gigantic during the morning they were on the verge of passing I were when I mean a Hank like you stand still for the midday's rescued right? Yeah 0.8 to a 1.7 oh More than double that audience and what do we have we had a five point out from a six five to a five oh and they had a one 1.7 and it's pretty close Five over to a one seven we had a five and then 2554 turned to three and what do they have to do? These numbers are not coming true. Sorry. I will have to refaction Afternoon was a out from a four three to a three seven So now it says receiving page one again. Well that's not that my next time you'll do the back So that's another page one that you must be going oh boy Okay, doing the break I guess I'll try to figure that out okay all the stuff because the audience doesn't care about it Since inside stuff and we get like half the if assuming you're right Remember two we get like a half-assed bonus and that's stuff. I'll bet my boat aside and Josh probably bent in his bonus on Not kidding anything. Yeah double it Tripple and Shoot the mood son. What it what was I O D's number I'm curious we had a five and I O D's number was one probably seven eight a seven nine San Antonio I told you I told you how did he compete with a hurricane man? Well he had like a month. It might so be off the air And despite all of our efforts, you know, we had the conference room set up for the information hotline Oh, and I listen I sat here down the internet and on the see and anything and like day after day Think we're giving out some good information. We'd have a better off just to play in the crap, you know I'm serious hard songs for weeks. We had probably at a 15 shares I like the relax by having Mary Magna when massage my balls while listening to the mail rod is 12 to one hour He was Yeah He was the king, who the moon was, He was the king of the day, He was the king of the stars, He was the white house, He was the young, He was the chastity star, So he had it made, He beat me with my face, Lord, the cup was the best time of the year, And I'm high high, I got to wear it, Falling under the door full of silver, He denied it today, Lord, Your brother gave me the same, Lord, the man never gave me the same, Just give me the cup, I'm right, Come on, Let's say, Card is your k-for-req-a-m, What do you say? That's the reason for me, I'm open-minute. Do you have a question? Oh, I said that we've asked. I like we set my finger, We just didn't have the answer. First of all, I'll be covering the ten-three and the three-seven. There you go, That's it, that's all I need. I don't even know another Schweiner, I don't have the rest of the morning, but I don't want it. Because after the top 24, I mean, watch you look at that. Move from 22nd to 5th to 15th. That Joe Rose, I mean, midday. Look at that. Why do you write? We got a real strong shot. We're probably going to be number two. Right? Right. I think it's a lot. That's the 70.9. CMQ 53 tied for second with EDR 5.3 and Love 94.5.2. Then we got a 5.0, which that's 10 to 3. So 10 to 2 probably like a maybe a 6.58. I think you write number two is a lot. Well, that's not too bad. That's a little bit. But we got everybody in South Florida got screwed by Wilmosa Washington way, I guess. Sure. Again, man. So I guess there goes Josh's big bonus. Down the tour. Get about it. Well, that's bad news. Bad news for us. And of course Greg, we can say, where do you see? I'm not there anymore. You see how they're going on tour? Well, guess what you were here during all of this Greg with your fantastic leadership during Wilmami. I mean, it's probably, uh, I don't want to go into him. I don't want to even touch him with your hand. Afternoons WID, number one with the 5.9 up from before one. I mean, it's the hurricane, baby. Is there anybody with a half a brain? So between the hurricane and the ethnic fallout, the ethnic success of the diaries because they had nothing else to do. Man, this is just scary. He looked at that hot one from a 470 afternoon to 570. They went from tour to second, EDR. Actually, drop. I remember what you were looking at. You're like confused. Okay. A radio on more. There to one. So boy, they're the chicken and a wood pile. A radio on more. Four, two, four, five. Big took a big dump. Look at that. Look at the afternoon. Big went from number one to number five. So we're going to go out of ranges. Radio, swivey. Nobody even knows where to find them. I'm not that dial. Look at this. And he has to know. And he went from a 1.1 share, which is about where they always are. Nobody, you know, it's about a 10 watt A.M. I'm not speaking any ways. They're going to go 3.7 from 25 to 5 for 9th. Tied with 2.A.M. Which dropped from 5th to 9th in the afternoon. Oh, boy, from a 470 with 3 or 432 with 3. I and Z, 2.7 with 3.5. They were simultaneously. They were 3-1 in the afternoon. So my bug with a 3-7 and waxy with a 3-1. Then at that, here they come. Here comes Joel. Fine. We're going to get in. Yeah, exactly. We're number five, baby. We're number 86. I think that's what we got done. We got 86. Well, we were long overdue for one of these. And you know what? Who cares? As long as the church keeps coming. I mean, we do care. But like I said, we're just going to think our way through. This is the fact that you sent me the spite your quality yesterday. This is not changed. What does that mean? But the due to call registry. Remember, we didn't know what to think after all the, correct. The things stories that we were getting. It says, if you received an email telling your cell phone is about to be assaulted by telemarking because this is from the FCC, you know, as a result of a new cell phone number database. Rest assured that this is not the case. Telemarketing to cell phone numbers has always been illegal in most cases. I won't continue to be so. And response to reason email campaigns urging consumers to place their cell phone numbers on the national do not call registry. The FTC and the FCC issued this advisory to give consumers the facts. One emailing, making email making around says, oh, here you go. This is the one. Just a reminder, in a few weeks, cell phone numbers are being released to come. Marking companies will start to receive sales calls. You'll be charged for these calls to prevent this call. The following number from your cell phone and scum that 888 number that the guy called in. Right. It is the National do not call is to avoid take a minute of your time. It blocks number for five years passing on all your friends. Another version claims the FTC is set up a do not call list. It's called a cell phone registry to be included on the do not call list. You must call from the number you wish to register. Here's what you need to know about the National do not call registry program. FTC regulations prohibits telemarketing is from using authorized dollars to cell phone numbers. Automated dollars are standard in the industry. So most telemarketers are barred from calling consumers on their cell phones without their consent. The federal government does not maintain the national cell phone registry. Personal cell phone users have always been able to read their numbers to the National do not call registry. The same registry consumers used to register their land lines either online or at www.do not call.gov or by calling toll free. And it is the correct number. One AAA 3A 21222 from the telephone number that wish to register. One AAA 3A 21222. Where just recently become effective in 31 days of signing up, Directive for five years. There is no cut off data deadline for registrations. Business to business calls are not covered under the registry. One AAA 3A 21222. Call from the number you want to have block all that crap. And the moral of the story is a few. The moral of the story. Oh, the moral of the story. If you hear about it from an email or from a caller and a radio show, Think again. Yeah. That's why we always like double in triple check like, How's Katherine here is doing by the way? Oh, she's just fine when you're playing there. So this was an easy to say, Well, well, mine, but it happens to be true. And like I said yesterday, you're saying ahead of time. I suppose that after because it sounds like crying spilled milk. That doesn't explain however they are whacked the increase. I was definitely the dolphin situation with that thing that they're making a move now. Are they making a move? You think? No. Look, I'm sure the jewel would like to have a stick that they're making a big move. But this is good. Now we can't just take them for granted. Now we've got to put the mad dog around 2 to 6. It's good for it. And next on point, I think it's excellent that we wound up with this a very marginal book because now we are really, we got to take and put our best feed for it. First we dump the hour segment, they run a handshoe and then we move mad dog up to 2 to 6. Put Curtis on 6 to 8 and now we're all set. What are you saying? Sounds great. Your thoughts. Yeah. Come on. Let's get with it now. Let's get serious. Let's get our nose out of the old rhinestone. Cowboy. What's this piece of junkie just said? Michael. He's a joke. William Westmirland, A. Herschfeld, and Mel Patrick Gray. They all died last year? I don't know. Each time I found one of them had died, I jumped for joy so much. And I'm hurting myself to the point where we're acquiring hospitalization, Michael says. As far as the death of somebody, I'll actually miss. Link Ray. Don't you remember Link Ray in the Raymond? How was the song? Uh, rumble. rumble tumble. Rambble. Whatever it hell was. There's some cadence, records, I believe. Also, I'm shocked that it all farcices to suffer. If we're getting the passing of the great Louis 9. Oh, I've actually booked a bride. He's checking actually to call it with that. Louis 9. You got it? And Link Ray. W. R. E. Y. Since the often fans have no more losses on Sunday, and more than until September, perhaps they've gone back the morning, the passing of Reggie Roby. Was that last year he died of the year before? Reggie Roby. I got no Link Ray in my machine. W. R. E. Y. Oh, you don't kind of dare. No, you wouldn't have. Sorry. Everyone in hell in the abeases still sitting sure for Lawrence, whilst me and Henschman, Miron Floran. Oh, he played the accordion Miron Floran. He was a wonderful man. Rosemary Kennedy and James Stockfield have nobody could tell the difference. Lastly says Michael I'd like to wish him happy either third and birthday to Gene Stable. Hopefully she won't be on the who died in 2006 pool. Love her espresso her singing voice. Gene Stable and Dad and Anna and Anna and Anna and how would you say? What about it? Well, she's still alive. Yeah. There's somebody. What you did are Carol Alconda. I guess I was two, three years ago, right? At least to look it up. Oh, how's it said? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Where the hell is the all in the family on this disk? You have to be kidding me. Johnny Carson is on here and there's no all in the family on this list. This is like a communist plot this old damn thing. 2001. Oh, Carol Alconda. Oh, wait a while. That's on her. I told you. John, I'm sorry. Guys, like this, we had a. Oh, Don't do, don't do it. So anyway, thank you, Michael for your illuminating facts. And you can pull the ship once on there. You feel at this point. Whatever you feel like, okay? Because I'm like, I'm numb. I feel dumb and numb and full of something. Yeah. Okay, in the van of pair sentence, until he finger case, a couple who planted a severed finger in a bowl of one, this is the update on yesterday's story. And I know that most of you are following this religiously. It's a hell of a lot more important than the guy who disappeared on that. World for Ruby and Cruish. The guy that's making sense is a big stimulus about. You know, it's just, I don't even know what to say about it. No, no. It's mind blowing. It's sad and then, and that way. It's tragic. The stuff that chicken, a robot and a guy and a cruise ship and a, on and on, hour after, hour after, hour and at Dan Abrams, such a jackass man, MSNBC, I think it's back. CNN does have to be taken off the air, but not until an MSNBC. Them first. Fox, forget about it. A couple who planted a severed finger in a bowl of one of these chilling, as scheme to restore money from the fast food chain were sentenced yesterday to prison terms of at least nine years. Don't you think that's a little bit of stream? Nope. Anna Ialaford, he was said she bit into the digit was sent to nine years. Her husband, Jamie Plasencia, 44, obtained a finger from a coworker who lost in a workplace accident, was sentenced to more than 12 years. Man, oh man, I guess the, the scales of justice gave end the finger. Life, rather, as agreed and Everest overtook this couple, said superior court judge Edward Davela, adding that the period lost their moral compass kind of like our president. The two-clinic guilty in September, a previous president lost his oral compass in the second half of the second half of the year. The two-clinic guilty in September, a conspiracy to file a false insurance claim and attempted grant sent for them to have been sent to an afternoon. A tearful play for leniency, Ayalah apologized to a courtroom gallery in said the scheme was in moment of poor judgment. She said she reached March 22nd after biting into the finger tip while dining with her family at Wendy's in San Jose. For Wednesday, test later showed Ayalah never chumped down on the finger, but she described the incident to TV news crews. She never chumped on that anyway. There's no words to describe what I felt at sickest disgusting. She said in the clip, played before sentencing, just knowing there was a human reign in my mouth as turned me apart inside. Although a 30 suspected a hopes in part because the finger was not cooked. Word of the stomach turning fine quickly, spread around the world. The double-in-ohile-based fast food chain claimed to lost two and a half million dollars in sales because of the bad publicity caused it a finger and dozens of workers had to come at his known the California franchises were laid off. Penny Lynch, when he seen your vice president, Anthony Jebz said a message that, consumer fraud is a serious crime that demands a severe penalty. The sentenced in Favreau, a 90-minute hearing in which several Wendy's employees testified to clean the man-made the chili and the case you were helping Ayalah on the day she made the claim. I felt so bad for the fear of what people would think of me said, Hector Penita, who made the chili initially came under suspicion, where the ones who suffered. No Wendy's employee was missing the digit at the San Jose restaurant, and no chili suppliers reported finger injuries at their plans. And April Ayalah was arrested at her suburban Las Vegas home, investigated a pattern of legal claims she brought against businesses in her name or for her children. She's just a con artist, that's all. I say a 90 years not earning. For a sense you have brought the tip of Brian Rossiter's right ring finger. He bought it for a hundred bucks and told him that he and Ayalah were plotting this, they were hatching this plot. Rossiter later told police to couple off him, 250 grand to keep his mouth shut. During a recorded jail house phone call, Ayalah dragged him a how many other inmates were asking for autograph. And that's something I'm famous now. But you know, some of the time to give autographs in her suit, you miserable bitch, you disgusting piece of crap. They should have put her into some human turd. God, what were going to that 1213 already? This is Neil Rogers. Oh my God, this is 516. Yeah. The rejoin just froze up. I don't know. Neil Rogers, I think, is the perfect example of queer. What is this purpose for in this show or his ugly show? He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's what he's brain. He's never going to get past his self-floor audience because that's the time and the people that he's always complaining about all the only fools that would give him any time of day. Eventually his ring full from so low, you'll have to read just rectum. Rectum, tell him, it damn their children. We're in the city of Tapia, home today. Now that all your civil rights are gone, I'll hit you by two different planes. You're through your backs away. And that no fun just takes away your place and stars. We've been listening to the phone calls you've been getting. You've got a ceiling. And the hell is we're reading so much for not having a slatting. Not such a lie, you said, but may you drive too thin. They don't mind me by the end as say. If you like all of you, I'll secure any threat. And let me come back and clear that if you're Christian, you're next. You said they might, Christy, sister, share it on their own. For it's often for black, psyched, and it burns my play. I'm on the back of the cake. You don't care anyway. You're not your delicious stop. I'm on the back of the cake. How's it going to be in assay? 12.19 in 56.WQM. We're number five, maybe we're mighty proud of it. I think you're right. We're going to be number two. Look at this again. I examine it. I want my butt with it. I sniffed it a couple of times. Never been wrong. I could smell I do. A mile away. Well, I haven't farting a line. That's what it was. Five, six, seven. Okay, let's get back to the show. Okay. Let's take a bunch of these calls here before we continue. Oh, that's right. There aren't any. That's because I've been rambling with these stupid ass numbers for half an hour. And nobody cares except that people in the business. Those 43 people who are going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. Things and things, like that. Right after To start a young family house. What could people in the business? Those 43 people who are inside. I'll figure out when we use it. So starting from our house. Finish it up. And we have a lot. We're going to start in the same place. And then you bought and I'll see. Oh, mud. They're talking. They're Bayev has to buy. Are you sure? No, I didn't. I think it's just a noble story. Hey, hello, Rye Nude. My name is Rye Nude. I'm a Bebeid. Hey, Nak? Hi, González. Hi, the rich guy. Mune deal. This is 점myfris. and line nine is you'll know the car right now your buddy Josh is buddy I'm sure it's his line Josh Corris line hello good we hate you like poison what you would die what you'd go away go find a hobby already what you have no every single day every day of this man's life he has glued he's got this glued with a mask that's why he's getting in good vibrations band he's got a turn up so a lot of the king and aliquipe a pencil of ania but now he's back to whispering again maybe he's afraid somebody would recognize the voice like his voice right yeah too late you're out of the bag Sam WQA and hello me Tarzan you fairy oh yeah WQA and hello I want free pull yes sir miss Bill come on WQA and hello QA and nobody how you doing today okay paly and what's up with these crazy Cubans down there Miami got one guy trying to start and stop you got another one hanging for a poll what's the deal down there and uh... far as the poll goes I think it's a guy from star trek I can't remember what is the name was I think he played the engineering you got that on there we already got that what is his name what is it doing is that the guy know not James doing solu what what not James doing is that the guy yes that's right how's the name doing that's what we got we're gonna got a paly right here that's my bad for not reading the whole list against that again bogged down with a stupid as bad numbers all man oh gee you guys really so that okay so the guy in the tower is a human no no I had something to do with a well he's who knows I don't want to go back to that story again please isn't it okay yeah if our cloud already would you please let's start charging a guy rent WQA and hello QA and yeah new yes sir hi how are you a long time fan I wanted to mention something about that mayor from New Orleans right you try to get out of what he said by saying oh how do you make chocolate you mixing some vanilla yeah yeah yeah he's an idiot he's a moron right so if you want an all-white town how do you make vanilla you take the brown chocolate beans you're right a month five six seven oh five sixty the calls are getting better and better by the second pound five sixty the Verizon singular wireless line by the way people are coming from across the street because their feeling their oats now oh now we're doing it right on their ass well now we're gonna see what happens at january for in March okay when there's no dolphins around now we're gonna see and actually when there's more than like seven diaries being sent back I wonder how many wire diaries they had but third man WQA M hello who are you hey I don't know if this is being repetitive but the tower that the guy is on behind the arrow that's your old tower actually you want when you're currently on is that on keep this game oh that guy's for that well how come you to give me the information so that's what is a 43 insider geek listening to you what can I say thanks a lot pali yeah there's a guy who's for some other radio stations inside and that's what we need some insight information as opposed to the hopper tell me he's the guys on our tower because somebody gave the hopper bad information probably Bob for Mooth boy speaking since we're already having a purged in a cleansing of this company there's a guy sent it back to Amsterdam man sent it back for some of that rice topple whatever it had I was oh brother what a jackass if you could have seen while you want to know about the message left me there in my oh boy I don't know about it my he just gave up he threw his arms up in the ear and said well then work and I'll leave it to the Amsterdam engineer and I like I like I think he impaled himself somebody QA M hello hey Neil I don't know why okay pali I know two things I just want to tell you I remember you were talking I moved some cool springs up to Delray Beach alright they got this they have to snap his Enet comes out it's called like the Bokeh Delray Life Israel fancy magazine oh I think yes I was looking through it boom there's an article in there one page every month called Mail Call get to the authorice right you down right he's right this whole article and how thankful he is and he's he works just some radio station on the Alapana and he's been he's been stopped for giving him the chance to get the radio out there yeah I got a article just article he really is what was happening with the publication and the vocally reader what is it now it's called vocadelray life it's it's not my life's ambition is to be able to write for them thanks a lot pali thanks for the good news oh Greg you now writing for the vocadelray life as in I have no right and my way to good news is Greg everybody in South Florida still hates you like for us this is Neil Rogers this is 562A they have a heart or a liver hey it's avid avid david welcome back to the Mohal with David a show where we're juxtapullo zany but good clean family one ah I'm here and you're dead I just died of phrase hey you know that pipe smoking things rate this funny is that funny man what what what what since when it's gang rape funny what did you require of me I require you drive your veins and I see it right now I don't know if we have the fear you're like a thing get your head up get out of it that's my go that's my go it's a test this if anybody want to raise me like a sweet thing it's my that's why don't put it that what are you some kind of fairy what do you know about being queer you're more on and they're right than not to know the difference we should both be talking about sports here this is what radio over here we love man I'm just point on it I don't man forget me by the door I'm gonna make some matter this great paper you understand you then maybe my apple the links or sit is out of my pants okay it's a joke you moron oh no how can you see more than me yeah keep getting rape you're right oh thanks what some time some fun and now drop your pen I said drop your pen there's a mo candle you get something to don't while you're watching golf like this or the hot lip would in your eye or like this oh oh and I look what you're making and I'm not you want to work my show you'll push and pull have to over here and that's right now come in I've got over there come in I come here come up I've got over here oh I did not steal both these gold oh I'll see here I ain't no pie my blue gold I did not steal I only had one slice and of course didn't go to school see if anybody's inside close I keep like I can't make me oh you're a tough guy why are you a oh I see oh oh I'm the little folks I stand before you now the people are my son I'm the boy I'm the boy oh well perhaps you'll find your mother I'm the boy I don't want you to only don't want me to look I'm the boy I'm the boy I'm the boy I have the view I'm the boy watch out for Mr. Wittles please or the screen oh oh oh oh I'm the boy when we got a girl oh oh oh oh oh in the clock tonight and then we got any camp for the hockey game after the hockey game hockey won't be over like midnight anyway it's kind of like he lives you know on a poll we got 777777 not bad well if we had that many listeners back during the ratings in November we might have like we might be number three number five seven seven seven and we can get to a thousand if we can get like about eighty fifty by the top of the hour what do you think can we do it that would make us feel better would it make you feel a lot better if we got a thousand votes during the shortness of it yeah come on well you're difficult man make me feel a lot better giant oh yeah make up for that bonus I'm not gonna get right see Josh's bonus can be easily supported with another 123 votes who's death in 2005 was saddest to you all the Americans who died needlessly in a rack has his life as predicted zoom to the top thanks whoever fast at in 125 how can we forget Johnny Carson 106 here's Johnny Richard prior 103 I hate this poll 73 number of us 70 you're right those two always do extremely well Hunter West Thompson 46 Pope Paul John the 2th 34 Lothor Lothor Vanrose 1330 and Vancroft 22 Rosa Park 16 Peter James 15 talk about that Peter James but I love I don't know play to get say nifty Russell 13 Don Adams 13 Bob Denver 11 Simon Vesenthal 11 Terry Shival had to do pen Eddie Guerrero 9 thanks for amy George best 7 James doing six fat rich head 5 Paul once you'll five but a billion quest 5 John Dorian 5 Pemorita 4 Frank Purdue 4 Eddie Albert 3 San Bernardi 3 Johnny cock and 2 Howard Morris 2 Pat McCormick one did we put Louis I on here not yeah we did Michaelville one Frank portion one Ed McBane one I don't know who that is Dick Weber one the board Bill Prashmire one one for Sir John Mills Bill Leam and Barbara Belgettys Arthur Miller and a big oh none none for Louis 9 Lincoln Ravens and Chivaly said love Barbara Belgettys Eddie Albert Prince for near Max Miller surely Chism Ossie Davis Eugene McCarthy and no votes for Gene McCarthy Jack Anderson Ralph Edward skips Anderson Hill the guard John Ray Terrow Davis Prince when you're a saw Bill I don't want to say that South Woods is a little on the shallow side I mean how is that possible huh easily maybe the old far it's don't have computers is that it that's one that must be it because how could they not vote for Gene McCarthy that stood up to LBJ back during Vietnam just like nobody except Howard Dean wants to stand up for this Nazi we got in there now during your Iraq all of it is we're waiting device president speech and war and terror let's be sure missed that okay here you want to Sun settles got so far what was a nice play with a griff's yeah I'd been enjoying it to kind of wish for me a group strongly supported by Florida's Republican party once they voted a referendum it's got a swastika on its a poll two I noticed once a photo referendum the good part of it is they're probably not gonna get it because they're way short on signatures there there deadline is coming on about five minutes this no member on whether to ban game marriages and same-sex of unions in the state are you for against the ban and of course this is taken a turn as you expect a thousand thirty eight total responses this isn't broad for a way the most of the county in Florida so what you expect forty five point six percent in favor of the ban forty eight point seven percent against the ban and five point seven percent saying the world I don't know how to vote there there's you're you know no matter what the poll is it's always I don't know yeah I have no opinion you know what has it got to do with ball games so what will keep up is it we know I think there might be a little creeping going on stupid to do our own creeping get all the day listen to something both of the do it and on attended cigarette all speaking of faggot's and on attended cigarette start of the fire that destroyed a 12 unit condominium in the windmore of a little bit of a term a community earlier this way how do you like that one little faggot I don't think we have that in here do we have son of you know what I'm a cart loan some fact it that's not a cart in there it is not got to be under loan some fact yeah no it is not let me see it out of my own bag here line but her can't really damage to the building's roof and ceilings help quickly spread the blaze which comes more than one point two million dollars in damage fire official said the 12 unit billiard will have to be demolished the first started the master bedroom of e two a second four condo unit let me know five of behama bend at three or five money afternoon they ruled the blaze accidental hurricane related damage had cost some damage to the roof savings in firewalls in the attic allowing the fire to spread quickly and on hindered how do you like that it just went like like wildfire one woman suffered minor smoke inhalation was taken a hospital 11 residents left without homes and George will take them all in the his house no story right they can sleep on my front line if they bring the pizza so anyway just one little bag if that's course was brought up a california and Texas Oklahoma all these people tossing their targets in the woods dog Thompson rights do I have to do this before the break I'll make time as I had I do like that okay in the rant your favorite capital hill move out come mounting evidence prove the white house light about relationship with corrupt lobbyist I'm gonna do it after the break because I don't want to like rush through it because these are very favorite I say rush through it and by the way rush you're not full anybody you and that other little Nazi junior in the afternoon all their numbers were strictly will more related okay won't it be something to watch some of these people fall right back our back earth come whenever the hell next number comes out right right because it's not important for us to succeed of course but for them to fail this is new Roger this is five 16 two eight tremendous so I call the Syla Georgia hello hi there I first of all I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond the Great Forest okay Peter how aren't things in hell well it's hard I never thought it was going to be anything but hard so I guess now you're really a smoker huh oh yeah I think it goes with the territories with the territory or california for Peter Jennings hello Peter you know any dead celebrity joke no man if I did I wouldn't say all the win-city tensus hello but yeah Peter are the rumors true is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's Apple pie I think the answer is yes but you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings hello hi gentlemen hi I'm Mr. Jennings is there's the link beyond music in hell yes and it just happens it goes on and on and on for our and our and our after and oh my I think that would make my ears bleed oh many do indeed one more call we have a minute left downers growville and all I hello Mr. Jennings what would you like for Christmas uh sadum who's saying oh so so bombs on your wish list yes as his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings yeah thank you as always thanks I was really nice to see and he's got 16 votes and he's been dead for several months I'll teach you people out there speaking of the fact is quit puffin on him cancer sticks okay okay yeah oh my advice quit puffin on him okay so George being the best you that he is right below he waste four pages of my all the you know the good part about this I can use this for a poll that's not maybe did this or how do you all right well you imagine if I had to write all these out long hand right Eric he's gonna hate you like boys and when he gets this hello hey he can cut and taste he's only gave me this and that's right uh although I think the the poll is about what's the best movie of all time right the godfather they need to be separated absolutely godfather that always wins part two well no but I mean these but it's not one movie the question is what is the best movie of all time and that I can say by the uh trilogy it's a real life but there are two separate movies you are right so anyway that had for it in thirty five votes nobody's how many about the magnolia had none no it had one in one solamente unit five guarantee it'll do better this time is off of both for just have a spite even though I don't know that's the best movie you can have very put any number of votes in there you want no I don't want to do that if I'm not here to a d is that the name of this movie I can't because this is chopped off what no is that one says it's that I'm very to d it's not chopped off on mine too um yeah I guess I never heard of it I don't know what they're like this anyway this is great thank you so much you know you're trying to like stick it to me in fact I might just cancel that the order from Amazon on that you're up yet or what some of these are out there's actually the uh... sometimes that they're fingers on your good man but we're twelve forty seven at five sixty w q a m mounting evidence proves what house lied about relationship with corrupt lobbyist right stout Thompson capital blue dot com white house claims that president George w bush doesn't know corrupt lobbyist jack abram off may soon rank up there with i did not have sex with that woman mislead when she is a blatant public lie destroyed by amount of evidence abram off the dp lawyer list of white house folks of spokesman scott McClump claims bush doesn't know was a key player and bush's transition team after the disputed two thousand dollar presidential election abram off working on the theory department transition issues attend a number of meetings with bush during the transition bush tab abram office member of his presidential transition team advising the administration on policy and hiring at the interior department which oversees native american issues rights Richard wolf and holly bayley in newsweek that level of close access to bush delay other geopolitical leaders and have been cited by many of the Indian tribes who hired abram off with hopes of getting greater influence with the administration congress on gaming issues although McCulloch and bush didn't meet with abram off another white house spokesman eran healy said last year that they may have met on occasion after the abram off scottled broke healy amended or statement to wed the president did not consider him a close friend and claimed the white house admitted contact with lobbyist. McCulloch Tuesday claimed he could finally two contacts between the white house and abram off yet public lobbying records filed by abram off scottled lobbyist made a hundred ninety five lobbying contracts with the administration and issues from the uh... mariana islands alone during the bush's first ten months in office abram off lobby diffuser of the american territorial islands notorious for their maiden the u.s. a.s. a.s. a.s. as exemplary federal minimum wage standards two key players and abram off lobbying team on the bush administration job Patrick pizella named an assistant secretary of labor by bush and david safavian to his web bush to oversee federal procurement policy in the omb in fact abram off scottled has with bush go back to ninety seven when they then go to the text is go to letter on the lobbyist behalf supporting his mariana's island clients school choice proposal i hope you'll keep my office informed on the progress of this initiative was said in the July 18 ninety seven letter was included a cc power and copy to an abram off deputy although they never tried to distance themselves from the disgrace lobbyist keep bush allies once openly embraced abram off his one of their own what the republicans need is fifty jack abram off scotler north was another bush confident told the national journal in ninety five i know jack abram off admitted former national republic committee chairman at gillespie who adds that lobbyist like abram off are republicans they were republicans before they were lobbyists and abo 2002 the national journal reported last summer and effort to raise the visibility of his indian clients abram off helped arrange the white house get together on tax issues with president bush for top indian leaders including lovelin pontro the chairman of the kushadas who can i say that just it i wonder if they're can be kushmerin process pontro first and i'd the meeting took place but later change is storing interview with the taxes of server and now confirms abram off attended meeting with bush and says bush we did lobbyist formal luck and all friend pontro says is trapped in abram off 25 grand or rain to make 2000 to meeting with bush abram off came up to glp ranks with north cross north west and conservative Christian leader rath read all enjoyed uncetered access to bush and work closely with bush's macavorian political adviser Carl rovin maniac in 2001 abram off recommended one of his kia system Susan rolson the rope who was looking for new key advisor she still was rove in 2003 rabbi denial leipin a Seattle radio host an activist urge friends and colleagues to send campaign contributions to bush via abram off often praising lobbyist on the show is a good and personal friend of the president while white house a is not speak privately and honestly about the need to clean up congress in the wake of lobbyist jack abram off scooby please in an influence peddling scandal there's no sense of the taking believe i'm what used to be a signature issue before they came to watch in rights wolf and bayley one reason maybe their own reluctance to adopt their own ties to abram off the one time master of the lobbying universe it's with you that passing okay liar liar pants are not fired nobody cares because we're too worried about the guy that fell off the uh... got killed a while have not an accrueship yet and a chicken a roba and worst that guy who just a still an a com or maybe he's not the guy from the uh... uh... uh... uh... coal mines in the west virginia i heard he was doing better we house really did hear a more speaking a com any more about good old area of sharon all you hear anything more about that no old news baby let's get back on a cruise ship story all right let's put read a cause beyond top of it and started up real fast no few falls off jesus and it's just it's not possible she can't possibly be on the air the people around the world you realize that on the satellite you picked it up in europe and asia in afghanistan and uh... uh... cacabone on the server wow that is shocking five six seven oh five six he let's get a much of calls in here now between on two clock what he said we're gonna make that thousand of votes we better eight thirty seven oh boy rams with eleven eight thirty seven see uh... and we ought to probably like start a campaign saying he guess what qm's back in business were back operating again after november December it's kind of like we were out of business uh... once the hurricanes right at the on the same i had that feeling and on top of that what i tell you before the show today about December air recingolier every year not just most usually air recingolier who did more to stick into us arbitrarna or a great read i think it's a tie air rear in December we get host by some jackass up there in bill spill marlin what a joke eight thirty seven we need a hundred and sixty three votes in the seven minutes it's gonna be touching go baby sixty seven seven uh... like two and a half a minute what do you know what you do it yes seventy two way and hello now put this the i think it will get the thousand votes by two five and we deserve it to full bonus i agree okay seventy two way and hello hi there yes sir uh... your shows great today's usual uh... not sucking rap boy yeah we're going to call for about the last two weeks of the time next time i call the on it that they were the blog for blaster do you know you said you've been talking to and everything keep it all right yeah that was really good that they call the show i enjoyed that on my way of was you know you have a little idea you have said to the judge of not you have a lot about getting the last of the seven we're he's a good to be sitting in he's uh... got it he was okay he's got health problems he's not going to be sitting in uh... w q a m hello we are why did you show over your w q a m hello about who he's got a man you know lots of patients what i'll tell you know about anything that's a guy that's got a sense of humor unlike you louis low-paz feds here about to be confused with me gal Lopez feds zero or terrisa Lopez feds zero and of course so what's his name that we can't do the trade like air alcherone out the old man we can't figure if he's in a comor fees a dead or what they'll store i guess a better watch patients that they find out of alicitor still alive they hit a wood five shots and he's still alive and a pin in the s w q a m hello yeah with me please speaking no as you know i'd like to know why in the world the news that he has doesn't give more you know information about what's going on in the review of the to be to the take it away twenty two hundred houses there's a bit of a marina i don't know what it's about review of the to get with it and cut the crap and i've been news doesn't get more in frame mow info about review of the beach is wrong with you man you like i'm not the only man you like the mushrooms or something good god rivey europe beach cheeses god oh thank god i'm not fair let's talk about that guy who visited old film a few weeks ago give me a lecture about terrotto in the violin crime and how nasty and cold it is a going to be 40 degrees in the sunstriining bins going to be 45 and sunny tomorrow hotio like that is there any snow on the ground or no had a little bit last night in melted immediately if not sooner not to visit anything such as global warming you understand calmy plot you better you better get on a review if you want to get us back up on top and get that full bonus next book you better get on a review of beachcraft right away let's start a newswire right there god almighty i'm i guess something i might just eliminate the calls in 2006 the rest of it yeah right you'd like that why i might i don't believe you but why is it why do you say that they suck they absolutely suck yeah what else is new that doesn't nothing is new but you know you've got to go with a flow man that's one thing i've done i'd like to have been shadow boxing with the universe kind of like mode without punching people in the knows all these years you got to go to know when you know it's a change of years a little bit my guy if it's not i got one for the point and let me say this those people like the poll if we didn't have the poll it wouldn't have any call i would be worth putting on a year maybe maybe i'll have five a year it wouldn't call an answer to the road question at least it's something yeah exactly eight fifty three what do you say it's a mystery to me eight fifty uh whatever it is three hundred forty seven sixty four minutes if we don't get to a thousand i'm taking a month off to recover from these damn numbers and i'm gonna ask you one kind of question i realize we got screwed naturally arbitrans all over the place in a hurricane and yati adi and the ethics but i i just kind of wonder what somebody's numbers man 2554 when you're talking like uh i don't want to start getting personal anything like that but i'm just kind of wonder what somebody's numbers are i mean when you're talking our target demo and you're talking numbers like these and of course then you're talking clear or it's just like what that yeah don't be knocking at ira man i was the antichrist i was the guy who single handle is bringing two a m down and then into the gutter ira win back 1489 on these Suncental full you're for the ban on gay and Submargin civil unions of a given it 44 and a percent of air with the ban 49.8 percent almost 50 percent against the ban and 5.7 percent what is that game what is that? this is new Roger you said this is 5.16 a.k. it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon the season premier is here it's a five time with his lowest approval rating ever George Bush stars in the biggest loser well i i i i i it's easy to understand but i and sometimes i'm handling the same president pushes overall approval rating it now stands at just 42 percent the lowest is ever bad George Bush and the biggest loser you are one pathetic loser children and our grandchildren are grown for body parts it's a 101 that at least low-pest for sure let's just resturbed my faith in the human race that was good and we got eight what we got eight 69 i mean we need a hundred and seven to a clock how big of a 47 what you just say eighty seven seventy you understand things talking about or what you've become into her since you discovered you lost your whole bonus and you're trying to talk you way of that number two thing i believe you though i think you got me convinced i'm so we're number two and we're trying to be after new numbers of three something and you know the other going to be like profanim cells up over the across the street oh now we got them now they're within our sites we're gonna go out there fix them real ass yeah but that was a street fact now it's not gonna be a dollar a holiday more than we like a buck and a quarter right you think Eric is going to be upset if i like send them all these uh... all this stuff he's already got it you don't have to send it to that's what i have with the godfather separated uh... you uh... you know easy enough to just tell him to do that hey Eric just do that when you do a call in your little mess and we don't tell him do it do it and then what make godfather part two and godfather seven not got part of our one because there is no part one at the purple there is no godfather part one you guys better get your a craptic a okay are we uh... gonna do that for tomorrow yeah okay why not well no no that's not easy on my come a wrecking my brain i mean i'm already in this tremendous stress and duress you ought to see the duress i got on lovely he oh i asked them looking at the tini flag is right there oh god wait to sleep is what are they doing here what what's going on with them this revised president uh... you spent years in the house you preside over the senate so you understand the workings of congress i would argue that this congress has lost the trust and respect of the people which is serious the democracy do you believe your part and this is the years can do something about not just the case for you syndrome but the here marks which have exploded the unbored holes on nomadies so good good nomadies of the president can't get a vote for two years oh brother wow wow talk about a set up deal give me a break did you hear that heard it oh my goodness anyway i already i think i said this to judge for tomorrow but somebody facts that in the bush administration seeking to revive an online pornography law struck down by the u.s. Supreme Court and subpoenaed google and fortitails on what it's use of it looking for through his popular search engine what are you looking for on airman uh... uh... bullies google is refused to comply with the subpoena issued last year for a broad range of material from its databases including request for a million random random web addresses and records of all google searches from any one week period lawyers for the assistance department said papers probably has to be in federal court in uh... san Jose do you know the way that a racy and the kit of an increasingly scrutinizing google's practices is the company's fans it's offering to include email driving directions photoshoeing instant messaging and web journals although google pages to protect personal information companies privacy policy says it complies with legal and government requests google also said it has no state of guidelines and our long-aneteed data leading critics to one that retention is potentially forever given cheap storage costs the government contains an needs of that determined how often pornography shows up in online searches as part of an effort to revive an internet job protection law that was struck down two years ago by the u.s. pre-microphone free speech rounds ninety eight child online protection act would have required to use access codes or other ways of registering before they could see objectionable material online like that be the current on the new rangers dot com that we had a year which cut our uh... traffic in half on that thing well that's pretty sad you know uh... on a similar route as we're putting these things together obviously there are some bits that uh... never existed to be put brought back what do you what are you talking about the best of the opening that we're doing for where did this come from while i could be i saw that and we'll be okay i told you that gas light i'm going to order that for you to would try to say in a good birdman i think you can see it again maybe i didn't see it now to give us all retry driver nuts were about to send off the best of the all things yes and on why do you keep asking me these kinds of why it is not important for the only point that we've been a lot of them in a ways a lot of money for obviously i want to put the unsensely for the rescue i want to do one censored versions of some things on there yes that we haven't been allowed to play for a long time yes it has some language on there yes sure there's no problem with that right of course not okay that's as long as we have the thing on the label it is is uh... warning all the people some of fanatic idiot i think everybody is flashing an electric worry like good flying by like this the text of cd and the 70 five that all those little martians are going to pop out of it and just company your pants because now that more than that got it got it good purported been ladden tape they're just all of this like stick on many bellman or just obsessed with it on cnmd ah purported there's the picture about some of you mama we got him yet all about uh... i'm in a time and now we thought we did but we didn't how about alzarka we got al yet alkai now alzolson as a book of organic golden showers bid for ricky martin when golden show i don't know what you're laughing about on cereso be a great bit i don't know if you can play that hoochie kuchie uh... ricky martin music but i'm you know he could do it if there's anybody can do it if there's anybody sick enough between the years there is demand old chicken act and be very careful with him because they know that's going around with him chickens uh... eight eighty three i don't know need a hundred and seventeen not looking to good committee q a m hello yeah no yes sir you want to open the other night yeah i don't watch over sir okay they did that book go on that is the journey not matter to go to it on the cruise ship with the husband uh... jesus oh my god an hour and hour of double the over a hundred gold on her so called friends that's the way this airy was here uh... really cost me to the seventy five hour marathon of this week so well forget about it then and you wonder why the american public are done with and saw this and what you know and have any clue what's going on in the world that's what it's all about man keep it pre-preoccupied with crap all american i will is back and they got any four binnon people watch the other right and this part is all over like stick on the land samules oh god what's the use like i said i'm taking all calls this year no more story like that the poet kind of scary but sure let's do it yeah all calls in two thousand six no more i mean we got no more anyway who don't want to hear some old fact on a radio try to like uh... make something happen by educate the public pass along useful information we're gonna talk about review of beach all day long that's what we're gonna do and louis low-pest with zero thank god for that call i was the only good call we've had in months five six five six seven all five sixty well at least the guys got a sense of humor okay instead of this morbid garbage man i hate talk radio with sucks and as far as across the street and all with them about these numbers when you got like mostly ones and two i mean what's the biggest number there are two four hey and men and and they're like you're gonna whip up about that you carry out your idea and you just wait mark my words put up put up take a magic marker and put it like inkspot on a right now like it does right now that very jackass in jim starney since it is Thursday and tomorrow's Friday morning they'll be right in heavy duty especially very jackass because he said it's had a few of the fun bruise but all way to his naval uh... all and uh... seven ninety waxy is making big inroads in the winter and the fall writing book and yada yada yada yada and qm is all done and but it will put up and at oj and uh... toast and uh... flim and whatever else they got in there oh man old mucous man whatever they got mark uh... isan steen right pretty nice he all fall together they like just a came like a four in a morning uh... but we go see if anybody knows well would judge now i heard that he is in charge of the dolphins broadcast or he's the one all i'd break his knees then he's got some do with a jimmy syphilis being on their god that is pathetic what do you think all calls in two thousand six way of saying jimjash is gonna screen him yeah i think i think great idea uh... really don't we don't screen calls on a show we don't please can't talk to uh... let's talk to eddy really are being that's not that's a salih and by the way let me say it's being a salih you women out there we got a lot of you people listening they will not put us down to their diary or they well we don't exist uh... i i i i i it's been stopped the show because an i o d i mean it was the same filthy uh... disrespectable show off filthy or news now because we can't say anything and uh... they wouldn't play at i o d we got two shares in one of two two five whatever it's not great but it's something here we can't even get a two two in women risk it out with the like a five share and then what kind of a number of that what kind of a number is a two seven three some what is that thank god we got your bill now i don't want to say he's got a heavy heavy load the carrying out but boy readjust about this story decimated us and i was got a pickup like what do i say all those times i talked about hunting dumped you know and you pick up the egg and you drop it on the floor when you're breaking into a million pieces and then you don't know how to put it back together again you keep going like right used to all the time go like that yeah what do i do now like over again hey Greg what do you think of that morning if he'd taken a little more care of serious businesses opposed to monkey business maybe we wouldn't be in the various rates that we're in right now you know i'm talking about what he's talking about yeah another train monkey twelve minutes after one and five sixty w q a m finally a TV experience like no other concast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and lots to love for it too and today you can try for just 29 99 a month or four months why is TV so much better with on demand for starters you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want whenever you feel like it it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows good tar lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch where when you want to watch it and don't forget about control with on demand you can start stop pause we wanted fast forward programs using your remote and you can't get all this with satellite on guarantee event with up to 250 channels plus on demand you can build your own TV schedule who could acts for more and best of all on demand is free when you have concast digital cable so pick your show time sit back and you'll wonder how you ever got along without it call today order concast digital cable in hb over the power of on demand for just 29 99 a month for four months call nine five four concast and broard or three oh five concast and date call for the sale certain restrictions apply and date three oh five concast and in nine five four concast this is new rodgers this is five sixty two eight then new rodgers vaccine that Hey, Brad! Make his day this little jet too long He is very proud she's got protruding Johnny But only good performance Chains and they might go the way And those are the things that's just open the recess Hey, Brad! Hey, Brad! You'll be a dad and father long Hey, Brad! Hey, Brad! Hey, Brad! Haven't had a jelly in a water bag I guess it didn't take Brad to be long to figure out what's in the box 117, F-16, how do we come? What do we got? Oh, that's... Sure, we got 9, something. What do we got? 9-O-Full. Ah, crap. What do you got? On that old pole. I beg your pardon? Well, I had to refat-re- Like, when you run the old pole What was that? The one that I printed up for you It came back up when I needed to resend it to air I see. I know six, well, I'll teach you. Next time, I'll punch you for trying to rub it in about Magnolia Only getting one vote. Aha! I like it better than those people. When you run something, I don't want to go into a whole boring thing Run, it's a particular look at all the movies I got more and a two. Chunking Express. That sounds like a crazy order of Chinese. What is that? Well, that's a... Come here, express my ass. For the rows of Cairo. That was actually good. They call me Mr. Tives. Is there a movie by that name? I thought that was like a... Watch a call. Huh? I thought that was in the heat of the night. Right. What does it mean? They call me Mr. Tives. Is there really such a movie as that? No. They call me Mr. Tives. I think there might have been a sequel to it. Well, that's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. Kaka. Sunset Boulevard. That was better than Magnolia. Yeah, yeah. Here we go with that again. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You've got it into a two. You're a kid. They call me Mr. Tives. It's on 1970 police movie. That's right. That's what I'm going to sequel. Okay. Well, so there is a movie. So what do you put pullin' out for Rodney B.Tives? But I mean, in 1970, do you say? Yeah. How come they got the years for most of these? But like Dracula's 1932. I know that myself. Dracula only had two votes. Oh, geez. Oh, I'm looking at the tolder than these people. I don't care. Don't you think everybody has Josh scene Dracula with Gottle Lagosie? I might not have seen the one from the 30s, but I've seen him. Oh, wow. Yeah, he's not. I can't. And I'm going to fall on the floor. I can't take it no matter what. What a pity. A million Dracula's. I've seen at least. There's only one. Okay. My father Merran said in the exercises. There was only one. And that is Bella Legosi. All the other ones. Peter Cushing. Kushner and Poccus. Oh, a Franklin 11-Joy. Oh, I hated that one. Oh, boy. He had the drum stoker. It was very good. That was very good. No, it's not Dracula. Wow. And it's also not Renfie. Very good. Renfie. Renfie was great in that. Let me say it again. The only Renfie, oh, there's whatever that guy's name was. Oh, that's a name again. I don't know. Yeah, that's right. And the only, whatever his name is. What's his name? And to, no, I'm talking about Nelson. I'm talking about Professor Von Hellsson. Edward Van Sones. Is that it? Well, he brought Stoker to the other side. I can't remember the name of imaginary heroes. But, wait, can we get there yet? Prison break or whatever it's called? Primal Fear. No. Still is not there. I'm not there during the next break. I better do little Amazon.coming on there. And see what's going on. Track it? Yeah. What do you track it all? I'll check the mail again. I haven't checked it for the last time. I bet you're out there right now. And before I waste my time doing that, you've got to write down. Just take off. All right. Not get out of there. You lost. You're going to have to. Man. He is just turning into a real hard ass as a wife. You know what I'm saying? He just ran out of here right now. Good. Good. Maybe he'll trip and fall and knock some sense in one. 70s idle. Team idle. Leaf Garrett. Now you don't know who that is. Probably. Only. All the flags. And Larry Bots. Hey Larry. How's it going, Larry? I hope Larry Bots is still alive. 70s. Team idle. Leaf Garrett. If you didn't know when. They did drug possession charges after he was arrested for allegedly trying to ride the subway without a ticket. All j's. How the mighty of fallen. Garrett. 40. Four was charged with felony possession of heroin and third evasion. That there. Fact it wouldn't surprise me if Alice Rantel's got his picture up from one of them. Team. Team. Bob. We've got it. Oh. He was. He was. He was held without bail for allegedly violating in terms of his probation. Right. Previous drug offense. He played a girl in March to attempted possession of cocaine based narcotics and placed on probation. And email. Seeking comment from her scopes will molested on. He was not immediately returned. Here was arrested by L.A. Sheriff deputy. Saturday evening on the platform of the purging square red line station downtown. He didn't have a ticket to ride deputy. He's allegedly found suspected narcotics. He made music and actor official said. I wish you don't have that ticket to ride. Baby let's crack it up. The Beatles. Here we go. As said Sullivan would say the Beatles. Come on. Don't have it. If convicted, Garrett probably would avoid you. No time under law that said some convicted. He uses to treatment. Like I said, here's ticket to ride the Beatles. Which was on the other side. Huh? I'm not as old as something. One time I don't want to do this stuff because I'm looking at it up. I want to see a little bit of everything. It's definitely the B side. Which is pretty amazing. It's a great sign. There. There. There's only 4,000. I don't know what's the right. It doesn't say what's under the sign. Maybe we're almost. We're number one for one week. I guess I could tell by the audience. Number. Capital 5407. But I don't think it was none of the start of something. Wouldn't it be the end. I guess it was none. Well, there was something on the other side. Somebody will know. Maybe a, maybe a chicken neck will go into. Totsky around and find the, for this. I'm telling you. I don't know. I'm telling you. I don't know. I'm telling you. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Anyway, at least Garrett's up to us. Nobody cares. Nobody knows who he is. And believe me. He went missing. Hey, leave. You fair. I mean, see. See. See. See. See. Powder. You're going to talk about leave here. It's crack. I always knew about you. Okay. What do we got now? What if he's got Martians in his pants like, how are they? Well, we sure miss them all already. Curtis will be along where more used to be between two and four. Now maybe we get some audience. I mean, nine, twenty two. We need seventy eight and thirty seven minutes. It's like a little more than two a minute. You folks better get on her. Because if we don't get a thousand, we're going to be really depressed. And I never come back again. We're just going to haul ass and leave town. I'm just going to head up the old 401. Get out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You really believe I'm going to take all calls of rest of the year. No. Why not? Here's a good one. Line nine. 2, I am. Whisperer line. Hello. 2, 3. 2, 3. 2, 3. 2, 3. I'm Mr. This is Andy. Captain Missouri. I'm sorry, Missouri. Just calling. You're handing Captain Missouri. Yeah. Captain Missouri. Andy, Andy, can't. I see. Yeah. Terrible. So anyway, I'm terribly sorry for putting your wonderful people into a coma last week on Friday. About one. Oh, it was battling and battling. And we're going to talk to it again, Andy. 5, 6, 7. Now we're getting chronic regular subway out of town. That'll talk to anyone in Missouri. He wants to share his misery with all the rest of us. Andy, stop. He's standing down without affected sound. You know, like that. Andy, stop at please. They're going to be a continual listening online to cost you nothing and the prices were� at the four times the price. We have plenty of calls on it. It lands like smoking like halivab, maybe they're like salmon. Do you want to go away? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. That was a rain. And the foot sighted, that's all. Rain? Yeah. I got it. I can't say no. I mean, you know, like I'm a little bug. When the rain comes, you come in or hide away or whatever. Oh, like I said, nobody ever heard of that. All right. What was the other? What was the other? What happened was it on? What ticket to rotten rain? I don't think was on an album. Oh, I'm probably going to say smart. If I were left at all, it rained. The right was on the help album. Yeah, believe so. Okay. Thanks for the help, pal. Thanks. And bad guy don't try auditioning on American Idol. They'll never make it. No, ticket to rotten rain. That was a good call. He gave us some useful information. No, the doctor. If you take 45,000, but then you're going to get three or four useful calls. Well, rain isn't on here. It's not on where. On the album. Of course. On the album. No ticket to ride. It's the right one. It's the right one. Oh, damn it. I never did that before my life. What paper cut your tongue? No. I just took a swig of my soda and like half of it went down my chin and down my t-shirt. What's that all about? Maybe you never even. Never before my life. Why are you parting them that piercing that you have right under you? Yeah. I'm not from my Billy Pierce. So do you go for the nose rain? Go pierce or lift? This is old as you are. I see from my milled Pierce since you're such a big young crawfer fan. I have overpads on it. This. I have a new garage. This is 5. 16. 16. Decid pants. 911. What's your emergency? My. You have a hair ball. Oh, it's your owner. What happened to me? He fell out of his wheelchair. My. Is he still breathing? My. Okay. Can you go check all family line? Wow. Good. Good. Good. Good. Help is on the way. I know you're scared. Wow. Just family line with me and think happy thought. Imagine a giant mouse filled with catnip. Or is there anything else you need to do? Or. Of course you are. I'll have one of the officers open a can for you. My. Oh. Who's a good kid? My. Yes. You are. Who's a good kid? You. Always a good kid. You. You. You. You. Oh, man. That. That's guys with cats. I mean, women with cats are going to understand, right? Right. But a guy with a cat. I'll never know. And people with cats are people that can't relate to dogs. People are too shallow to relate to a dog. In fact, probably there are people that dogs hate like poison. Now, people that have cats and dogs. That's so that dogs feel better because the cats smell so much worse. I mean, everybody ever see anybody with a dog. They had a doggy box in house. No. How about some doggy litter? What do you say? No, I don't think so. Especially not when you have a. A girlfriend with a treat or anyway, 904 42 votes on a pointy 58 and 28. And so the more than two of those men, it can we do it. That's the question. In fact, I hear the rumor that I just started that if we get to a thousand votes by two of a clock on this poll today, they're going to triple our bonus. Forget about that number two crap. What do you say? All right. Let's start that rumor and spread it around. What was Eric's response to the he said, whoa, we signed that about this movie pool. No problem. That's why I had to go back to the other thing. I had to load it up. The thing that I is facts to you. Yeah. Just sent him the link of it. And then no problem. He separated the godfathers. Mm-hmm. With a hose. How the hell did we do that? I don't know why. I don't know why. Why? I don't know why we did it. Why not? What was the, that's a good poll. What's the best movie of all time? We always do well. What's the best movie the last 20 years? Well, I say is, I don't know why we lumped the godfathers together. I guess. Because I think you said that. I must go. I sure as I wouldn't have said it. I know I wouldn't have. I must have been. I know I sure as hell didn't put godfathers free on here because whoever said that. Okay. The force spent 17 can only for lunch. Get pun. Who's death in 2005? Only only you, man. That's the Eli Wall. Could he act or what? What a jackass. Now, no, wait, man. Didn't he die? Finally? I don't know. I think he did. Eli Wallic. I think one of the, we kept checking every couple of days to see the crotea. We were hoping. Man. Eli Wallic. Let's see, Jeremy. I was realised. Where is Eli? Who and I? And zwr放 Some members of who? He would have had it, they would hadlaw. Like Ted Marilyn right Well Then they wereтом. There were PCM brothers. And then and then öyle notontnt be happy. He triedreadrando. He was gonna think of that to me, So now he's done with no one else to see him. Eli Wallace is 90, well good for him. I hope his kissies are twisting of because of those canolies. Who's death in 2005 was saddest to you. All Americans who died needlessly in Iraq 222. 222. Johnny Carson 116, Richard prior 110. So Johnny, that's where the real battle is going on. Johnny's edge in the head of Richard. I hate this pool 79 and none of the above 72. How to rest time since 53. Pope John Paul the 242. What a great, wonderful Polock. Luther Vandross 32 and Vancrop 29, Peter Jennings 18, Rosa Park 16, Bob Denver 13, Nipsy Russell 13, who did mole, least raspbert, least raspbert from the Ostrasper School of bad acting. I don't know about you. I didn't think his acting was a good thing I will be at all. And he kept in actin like a dying old man. I was like, I just did not. He gave me skill fees. Five atoms 13, seven, these in call 13, speaking of old Jews, Eddie Guerrero 12. Was he Jewish? Terry Shival had a dozen. How do you counter tube? How do you know, when you think of the A-ling on thing and the Terry Shival and you wonder how you keep your sanity? Hank spam a George Best 7. He was the best. James Duan 6. I thought there was another guy there from a star direct that died. When there? Well, the other guy had died years ago. What's his name? Oh, I don't know. The guy that played the ball. Oh, the ball. He's already bones. Speaking of big bones, fat rich six, John L'Orient 6, Pat Marita 5, Paul Winfield 5, and the Dutch 11 people said I'm not fat, I'm just big bone. Frank Pernoux 5. Man, oh man, I sure hope they kill all in chickens. Don't forget, kill a chicken for Christ, choke one. William Renguis 5, Eddie Albert 3, San Bernardi 3, Ed McVane 2. I have no idea who that is. Johnny Cochran 2, Howard Morris 2, William Lehman 2. And only one, so many, they own all for Louis Nive, and since you've had a barberwell get as Max Schmelling, Pat McCormick, Michael Veil, Frank Corsion, thick Weber, the Bore. He was no Eddie Cochallax, Jack Anderson, William Prachtmeier, Skitch Henderson, Sir John Mills, Barbara Belgettys, Arthur Miller, who actually was married to Merlin Monroe, which we see at bad eyesight. We knew that because she was also married to Jodie. And then no votes for Link Ray said, love, did you look up Sid Laugh? It was right, I'm sure, too. In fact, isn't Judy Garland's one of her daughters named something? Lorna. Lorna Loft? Yeah, very good. Yeah, she was married to, what's his name, Manly? Right? Billy Millie, Finnelly. Any Albert, and I know most of these, any Albert Prince Vanier Shirley, Chism, Ossie Davis, Dean McCarthy, that's bad. Ralph Edwards, this was your life, Ralph. He'll regard John Ray, Toro Davis, Prince Vanier, and Saul Bellow. They just don't know, Saul Bellow. He was Meloyel. I wonder if Donovan said, yeah. Won't help you just make end at horrible music. Somebody packs some information here. In fact, we got two boxes on Ticket to ride. John and Louisiana. That's our buddy. That's our Louisiana contact. He's writing for Wonderwater. By the way, you've had a good other. John and hear it say, chocolate state. We'll just eat it. Ticket to ride was on the beatle album Help. Well, that's what we said in it. Yes. Which was originally title, eight arms to hold you, book quickly changed. How do you like that? Ticket to ride was number one on the charts for one week in May 65 knocked off by the beatboys. Help me ronda. I don't like that song at all. I love the beatboys, but that's one of my very least favorite. You liked that? Help me ronda? I hate it. It's said other charts take it to ride for 11 weeks. Well, that's how my book said it's nine weeks. The flip side was a song called Yes, it is. That's the song. Yes, I love that. I love it. I hate it. Now that's helping ronda. Yes, it is. That's one of the, you're fairly obscure. One of my very favorite beatles songs of all time. Even better than ticket to ride. Yes, it is. One of the guy I tried to tell us was on the other side. Rain. Well, guess why? Don't rain on our parade pad. You're full of it. Yes, it is in ticket to ride. That was the two flip sides. You got it? I bet you don't got it. I don't. Well, it's good. Yes, it is. There's one that says by London this song has to as an interesting origin. First it was sung during a skiing sequence in the film in Austria. I bet you John Geris is going to take it to ride to badly gear. It didn't. Which again has nothing to do with the song. In fact, it was a skiing sequence in Austria. The origin of the title was that in Hamburg, Germany, wow. Price the two to record to have regular medical checkups to ensure that they were okay. And so result each girl upon receiving this team bill of health would be given a card to carry. Attestating that they were medically fine. Let him thought of the phrase, ticket to ride to describe these girls in a respective cards. Ah, the song itself describes where a girl is taking a ride out of his life recorded February 15, 1965. Note, when ticket to ride was released as a single in America, its B side was a song by London title. Yes, it is. It appears on the Beatles past Master CD by the one. Is it on there? Yes, it is. No, it is. Not on your stuff, but it's on the sound of a song. It's a great song. You know the song. Oh, yes, it is. Yeah, but we don't have it. Maybe I'll have to go out and buy some Beatles today. We'll be some old and Sullivan CDs. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, really big man. Oh man, Ed Solomon. That's my grandma. You have a little bit of a name sound. No, next here. I got to shorter. Okay, how are we doing on this vote, total? Are 961. We got 20 minutes. Oh, not looking good at all. Not looking too promising. Not what is gravel. Never make it to a thousand. That's because we've been 964. We need 36 votes in 20 minutes. No chance in our pants. Just Martians. Are we going to do it? I'm telling you right now, if we don't get to a thousand by 12 by 159. Some. I'm taking 6-7 months off. This is Neil's voice. Your exact is what I'm trying. It's 5. 16. 8. Hey, Neil. It's true. I can't have an orgasm just driving down on 95. But only if you're driving the side me. Oh, I need your love, John. Yes, you know it's true. I hope you need my love, John. After this, if I saw you, I'll hold me. Touch me. You've been by me. Oh, I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. I love you, everything, John. Just look straight out of line. I think this is my best side. Get a tight shot of my day, man. I come home. Oh, hold me. Touch me. You've been by me. Oh, I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. I just don't know, oh, ever. Not shirt, man. Eight times a day. I just didn't know. You came up there. Oh, I need your love, John. That's why I said, sleep for you. I hope you need my love, John. My house payment has you. Oh, hold me. Touch me. You've been by me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. I just don't know, oh, ever. Eight times a day. It's good to see you, Daddy. Well, love me every day. John, you're always on my side. Make my scream fall, baby. John, I've pursued all the angels. Oh, hold me. Touch me. You've been by me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. I've heard of math. Eight times a day. Oh, God. Oh, God, God, God, God. I'm forty-seven. I can't see well as man. She was really someone. She can't see it on the ear, though. We got an essential pool. And I've heard of what you say, sort of responses on your online pool. A group strongly supported by Florida's Republican Party, lots of other referendum Mr. Remember, whether the band game merges and same sex of unions in the state. They're not just satisfied with the same sex merges thing. And civil unions, you know, I wouldn't vote it. Are you for against the band? You voted, I don't care. I know I voted against the people that are for the band. Oh, I'm in favor of the band, 41.4%. I'm against the band, 53.2%. And I have no clue of what it's all about, 5.4%. I won't pay people to get married so that they won't be gay anymore. I see. And then, making sure you get about your property happy or gay. Right. So I'd be like that. And of course, that's in Broward County, and probably a lot of our people are on your Florida. And we're going to make our $1,000, not even like that. Now, can you imagine if they took the same pool like an Alachua County? Oh, or in Lili County, or in Coyour County? Oh, boy. Man, oh, man. Do we have a Cobb County? Yeah, we got Cobb County. That's in Georgia. Okay. Imagine if they took that pool in Georgia? Or in the whole question would be, who would you want to win first? Guys getting hit through a civil union for civil war. 996 boys, some lucky first out there is going to be our 1000th vote today. And if we had the cash, we couldn't come to Georgia. We'd come out to your house and Josh should run and give you a million dollars in cash. Or whatever he decided left over pocket five bucks. 996. How you like that? You have little faith at that toilet we do it. Are on this come through for us? All phone calls are not all the rest of the year. Or said whatever story that I want to read like this one. You don't think I'm really going to do it. Give me a girl. I'll be in out of shape. Oh, yeah. He's our programming expert. I'll tell you one thing. He sure got a better pulse of what's going on in our program director. Of course. He listens. I got news for clearance. You better stay away from him. Ball games like I told you this place needs a hammer and a couple of nails. He needs to be put back together again after the damage of destruction. That Greg read did. Our consultant. How do you like that? This man is our consultant. That's got to be one of the biggest jokes in the history of mankind. You call that a consultant. You call that a format. Okay, just calm down. I'm looking at those men numbers. You know, all the stories that Hurricane and that we got. We got scoots because we just simple again. So November December. So that you know part of that is true. And nobody's speaking. I'm going to eat that. But I mean, come on now. I'm going to use and trees on this radio station in men 2554 living in breathing men. I say we like all hop and Georgia's big vehicle there. And we head up to our belt. It'll Maryland and take care of. I'll bring a club put a little. Not a little sense of them. Bastard. There he's. The battleground for women's rights is expanding from the board room to the bathroom. And a serious legislative initiative. Nick the party party party is giving new mean to the term separate. But equal. This one. Christian size monitor. The new push. The new pitch, which is quite the making its way to construction standards around the world. Says rest room should provide two to three times as many outlets for women as for men. In that sense, potty perity bills offer women more than perity. It finally may trim the long lines for women's rooms at theater, stadiums and highway rest knobs. It's a good thing. It's a clear irreverts of writing massage, shopper, the credential center model in Boston. She says the wait time for rest rooms needs to be the same for both men and women. There's always this conversation is conspiracy among women waiting in line to bathroom. She says, when there is always asking is there anyone in the bathroom? Can we go over there and take it over? When it came to rest rooms, architects and lawyers used to think in terms of square footage, rather than number of outlets or physiology. But study showed that because women have different needs on average they spend twice as much time in the bathroom as men. They call their lines. I'll tell you I was just at four laridil or a port that's a horrible trip back from health. And the lady, there is no line at the men's that's he room there in the terminal for. But the ladies room, it's stretched out all the way to the concession stand. Man. How was that all about? I think maybe they were having a sit in. You know that. How do you spell that? 152 is 560 WM. We got Curtis Smith's and come up now is our close first off in Todd Keldower. We're going to be doing the update? Sure, hope so. Wow. That is really special. Hey Todd. You're fairy. And then we got the mad dog for the seven and the panther stuff. We're just the agglour and the guilty. So he asked Randy a Randy and an eddy K after we get that out of the way. Panthers kick Phoenix ass. And he folks, if you want to see the most amazing fireworks done show ever, then make plans not to go to Pompano Park on Saturday, January 28th. It's a week from the Saturday to see the unbelievable show called hot to try. Australian trainer and driver Vince Silvestro and his amazing horse hand me silver will race around the dark track shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of far worse from the back of the race bike. Silvestro will drive the horse while standing on the shafts of his race bike. Holding the reins in his teeth and 15,000 can't go par marine players in his hands. They'll be a spectator in field this plan after the show. You have to see this hot to try to show to believe it. And again, market down on your wrist Saturday, January 28th at Pompano Park at 9pm. It's a week from this Saturday. And of course, like always, Pompano Park features free admission, free general parking everyday life harness racing in the poker room. Open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon, live racing gets underway, nightly at 725 at a p.m. And don't forget every Monday night at Pompano Park, a two for $25 dinner special at the top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer, so on a half dogs and more. So far, just a black South Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. And of course, I'm locesting every day seven days a week. For the new race schedule, go on wet on the web at pompano Park.com or call 954-972-2000. This is New Rogerace. This is five 162-8. Two for. Starts rear radio is what the view is for you and the air. Who just thinks the choice is? We're not. We can decide. Come on. Act, I think, search over into my poker debate. I don't care. Take phone, we'll round the phone. All that makes my son, the best years of one dream. Maybe you'll have my life. I gave him a space. I don't know what to do. Just for all time like you don't go away from here on the view. And the blissfully affect you, then it's morning and night. I have had enough for you and get a guy. You're not using as an old boy, I. You've bested to be a good friend. And I know, I'm a stay home by the way from here. I'll hand my kids back in the morning, I'll tonight will run home. I know to my or a person, laid out my desk, that is if I only had a court that's so ridiculous, I swear at the book of God, put up all my civilized coffins from a bed. That's a meaningful. I want those great women to learn about this way, when he got time to die for a day when he really did. Throw it away from the door, throw it away. Throw it away from the door, throw it away from the door. Throw it away from the door, throw it away from the door. I am here, but you scored home, and you're at the very point of less than me. Bye, bye, bye. One, five, eight, we got Curtis Standin' by now. I just changed the pool. We got to the final 1,5,5 votes. Thank you very much. We did the first, we got 1,5,5, for the old Queen. And I changed the thing there, the best movie of all time. We took him 20 a time. I mean, like today tonight and all weekend, right? This tomorrow is pool. Don't be giving me a son, man. So now this is yesterday. We're just giving you a head start. And the worst part of it is, how do I find voting for train spotting? Order it as on the bottom. Last time you were trying to find it on the bottom. I watched the idea of the weekend. Am I your part? I watched it again the other weekend. What's that? Train spotting? Yeah, sounds like it. Still spotting. I can't find Magnolia. Order it as, oh boy. And I don't, I really don't believe that, but I'm voting for it just to give it a leg up. You know what I'm saying? Just to give it one vote. That's what this grand always used to say. It's always good to have a leg up. And from what I understand. Okay, I'm looking at somebody voter for Godfine. And he put part one. Oh, Jesus, Eric. And I wrote it out the way it was supposed to be to. That's okay. Don't change you. Just to piss off that guy that, you know, that mid picker. Oh, there's no power. And then just to separate. So they know what we're talking about. Okay. And I didn't know no Godfine. It was an olive oil business. So who voted for that? What? Well, probably Eric. Because who else would know that we changed the pool? Right? Oh, there's people clicking on it constantly. Which is talking about. They're clicking on it. And it's going to be interesting all the time. It is refreshing and it is my location. So we suck. We got a lot of work to do. Let's go. Because otherwise you get fat and complacent. We got the fat part down on the sun. But the complacent part. And by the way, a promo to redo in there about Howard David. Hey, forget about the ball guns. Everyone, get your nose to the grindstone sweetheart. Bye. Bye.