I think the bad day is quick sniffing glue with the bushes for the White House. That's right. What's what I say? All right. Let's go to some calls Pennsylvania. Hello. Mr. President, is that a cocktail you're making? Oh, absolutely. Listen. This is Bush, this seed drink every night. Um, be really fast. Get on for us. But also, by this point, believe me, we're used to it. Sure, you have a responsibility to the American people to stay focused and sober. Oh, no. You. You, you, you, you, you, too. Texas, hello. Texas, hello. President, is this a course? Is Vice President Cainey at the White House right now, too? Um, so I don't know. Oh, yeah. Anyway, I think I heard that echo. Yeah, I do. There's the echo again. So whatever you've got open, uh, shut it off, please. There we go. I mean, I don't even know why you had that open because, uh, um, I'm being used to watch. There was no cross over because the Humphors on their way to Vegas. Obviously, it was unbeknownst to all of us. I'm being used to all of us and, of course, the bees. Oh, yeah. It was in the before we're doing his Yen to routine about food and slots. Yeah, the food slot, you know. Yeah, I know that. It's called a big fat rectum. And I was just, I was going to bust, uh, Humphors, uh, ass a little bit because, look at this. Now we know why he's going to Vegas right now. The face says World Record with 500, 10 dishes. This is not going to be a big deal. I don't know why because it's really crappy location. I thought he has the Caesar's hook up. No. Yeah, but he has a hook up. But he doesn't stay there. He's been staying for the, as far as I know. The biggest Hilton for years. The one on the side street there. You know, the one that's where you off the beaten path. The story says it's time to raise a glass of bubbly, the maker of Alcassel Sir and acid tablet is set erected for creating the world's largest buffet. And the Humphors on that. That's why he's been very, very together. About 850, 100 customers help bear healthcare LLC, a subsidiary of the German Pharmaceutical, Campa, Chemical firm, bear aeshow bear that the ones that made the poison gas during WW2 to gas all the juice they have. Celebrate to 75th anniversary of his heartburn relief product. No for the jingle, plot, plot phase phase. As if they needed to put that in there. Like most people don't know without Cousel Sirus. By partaking in a massive spread of the Vegas Hilton. In all 500 tendises were sent for the crowd Tuesday. Each one had to be certified distinct by Guinness World Record of Judicator. They range from Angoli and chicken in Sanman, Wellington to Crembroulet and Hummed Apple Pie. I didn't face each one otherwise I might have needed several out for Cousel Sirus in the end the Judicator needing Cousie said, you have to put them in the end, Nadine, because then when you stand up they fall out. Plus they bubble up. There was no previous record for the Snimaki Spani event. So Guinness said to borrow high at 500 dishes to qualify. It's an amount large enough to make it a feat that will stretch people, Cousie said. It's got a stretch. I don't stretch him too much. I don't think there's too much room for expansion there. And I'm saying just like professional sports, not too much room for expansion boys and girls. And also I would tell Hank about this story because he was the just influence Kentucky. Okay. See, I have a lot of family stuff there. For once we had a crossover that might have meant something, but I don't know he just bailed on us. What's more important doing the crossover or heading off to Vegas? Is there any question for that to fail with 500 and some on treats? Oh for me? Right. Florence Kentucky, a 13 year old boy, was charged with threatening President Bush, who was scheduled to travel nearby Cincinnati next week, and two emails sent to the mayor, Paul Lee said. Investigators didn't find anything in search of the boys home to make them thinking he was playing McCarry Offie-led threats. The team was in the custody of his mother at their home yesterday. He faces one felony count of making a terrorist threat and is to appear in Boone County family court within two weeks. Boone County, as that named after Richard Boone or Pat Boone or Debbie Boone, Battle, as you blied up my life. Investigations began after May your day in Whalen received an enormous email threatening Bush Cleared said, a second email was sent also sent to Whalen. Floyd and Whalen refused to release the emails or give details of the threats. Floyd went to the team's home and in that with agents from the FBI and secret service. He said the boys' parents, a concept of the search during which a computer was seized He's extremely well-versed in the history of person in Bush Floyd said in talking with him. He could tell this is a hot button topic with him. Oh, man, just biting my tongue so hard. The blood is dripping down my chin like pepperoni juice. Police said the first email was also sent to the White House to vice president Bigtainy and to the Pentagon. Bush's scheduled to be across the Ohio River Armundin throughout the first pitch and opening day for the Cincinnati Reds. It's baseball season baby. Oh, right. Are we excited about that or what? Not really. Well, excited about it yesterday. It's a day games here. Not so much no more. So, speaking of that, here's the poll from my yesterday. What all time athlete do dislike the most? Hate like poison. Can't stand. OJ Simpson, man. Not even a contest. I mean, just reviled as spies. It's almost, uh, then there's somebody a group is a QAM and probably a few across the street. It's almost unanimous. Oh, man. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry, Oriental. Oh, J.624 out of how many votes altogether we have? Uh, 1861. Or was that like the Civil War? Very good. It's a distance second. 273. It wrapped a few or two bad about that. You're saying even in the ballpark. Oh, he ain't no OJ. No. I mean, he's despised. But he ain't kill anybody that we know of yet. I hate sports 102. Too bad. Terrell Owens, T.O. 89. I hate this poll 89. My Tyson 80. Kobe Bryant 76. Let the rapist category. I'll see. My Tyson, no. He led. Who's it? Can Saco 62 let the compulsive liar category. And the professional slime ball. P. Rose, 56. As in Q 56. John Walker 42. Tonya Harding 38. Kurt Schilling, I'll pray for him 33. Brian Cox 27. As in. Yeah. I can't see any of the words. No, he's not even going there. Not even. Rip bush 26. Deon Sanders 25. Neon Deon. It's tough. Hard out there for a pimple. Tiger was 22. Ron R. Test 22. Kurt Warner 18. It's tough out there for a pimple. No. It was addressed like one. And drive a yellow civil. Bill Romanowski 17. Roger Clem and 17. Mark McWyer, who doesn't want to dwell on the past. He wants to talk about now in the future. 17. Keeshaw and Johnson 13. Everybody in America still wants to know. Do we know any other human being named Keeshawn? If I asked that before, I don't think so. He's no quite deviant. Newell. But then again who is? But Keeshaw unleashed in runaway from home. Where Lewis 10, Ricky Williams 10, Todd or Tuesday 10. Sandy Payton Manning, she's got nine. Michael Irvin 9. Another great credit to the history of view of him. Wayne Gretsky 7 Needle-Lowe's Rafi Palmer O7 who is so admired by Indiana Rosanna Dana. Charles Barkley 6, who spits in little girl's faces in the crowd's basketball game. Phil Nicholson 6. He's a scuttled. Problem substance problem AJ Presinsky 5. Randy Johnson, even with that illegitimate kid he's got four. Layton Hewitt 4. It's wrong with four. Let me burn three. Tie Dome to and Jim Brown had Solomon Teuno. He's got a lot of people out there who are like the fact that Jim Brown beats up his women. Appreciate that. I see the most. Marks who is a toss up. This is for an ace pull. Somebody is already on tomorrow. It's just come on Neil. Oh I see. This is from the eye-dine. Look at the header. See what I'm saying? They changed the name on there. But I can tell by the print. You have to fool us. I had a dime. You can smell it. Yeah, this is all. I'll just like my cure chrome. Did they make that anymore? Oh yeah. Now why didn't we use me cure chrome as kids? It's a different size. It's a different size. It's a different size. It's a different size. It's a different size. It's a different size. It's a different size. Okay. That's a good reason. I mean, plus it's not as dark. It doesn't stain his band. No, it doesn't. If you wait a couple of weeks, it actually will wash off as opposed to eye-dine. Which is the reason. It's like a tattoo man. That's right. You can show off to your friends how I tough you've been. The most much was a toss up. It says between Barbara and Ranchwin at Bush. And kind of sleazy rice. That's cute. That's a good one. Add add culture if we could. And add colder. And how about the band's bush. We can put all three of them on. Yeah, let's do it. Even though this is the eye-dine again. Who would have changed the header because if we would have put eye-dine on it. He knows we have a Schmidt canvas. So here is today's poll. I vote if a janitor we know and she's doing and he's doing grew very well. Almost at the top. Who is the most mature of the mall? And so far we got 4-0-4-20-7-4-07. Like I said. Please, would 90. Jan. We know 88. She's just on princess in the pickup and she'll pass him like he's standing still. When they make that big banded caramel. Jim Manage 83. How do you like that? Right on Jan. Oh, right. Sean Connery only 36. Thank God. So sick and terrible. Oh, pull anything like this. Oh, Sean Connery. That's our real macho guy. I know it's not horrible. It's a crusty old fully accent. I wish you a goofball with a bad bad beard. Sean Connery. And a bad fully accent. Probably worse kills your Sean Connery 36. He rose about 34. Same guy. I voted for Lily England. Look at Lily. She's got about 3rd man. Or just any way 16. Slice the loan 7. That's not what I heard. Especially from those people that saw that Italian stallion. Look. Johnny Weissmellers 6. Arnold Schwarzenegger 5. Kim Babo Camper 5. Brad Pitt 4. See, Annabelle think of him as macho. I think him more like a pretty boy. That'll be like saying mad demon as the most macho because he's in those movies. I don't know where we'd aim and the board identity. Here we have board identity. Listen, good movies. Well, he's a lame macho. And Anthony Hopkins history. How can Anthony Hopkins be below Brad Pitt? I don't know sure why people would like to see that. Okay. It's 12 minutes after 10. Let's take a look at that margin line up. We got today. Look at that. We missed the he hecho of pan riding with the hump for this morning before he so precipitously took off her Vegas. And I'm mad dash. We got Curtis from 2 to 4 this afternoon. That's a good news. He's stuck with that Eric Reed crap between 3 30 and 4 more heat stuff. Oh, that's what everybody cares about. Eric Reed who talks to Rich teeth. And I got 4 to 7 pan third preview of 7 o'clock. It's not looking too good, baby. This is a must win because Montreal and Jersey just keep putting even the least one last night beat the flyers to you to that's got to be a mistake. That's got to be a misprint. Pant of people with 7 a panthers at the penguins 730. And then Jesse Aguero follows the hockey games. Any interest in any of those things other than the mad dog. Not right. Well, we like you Curtis, but you've got stuck with it. Then Eric Reed crap. Oh, he's the real rustic teeth. Hey, Eric. Thanks to Sergeant Fickl and he and he and you. You're a god. Hey guys. If you hate your button guys. Yeah. And that's the mention of these skinny arm. So why should Lindsey low-headed Nicole Richie have all the fuck? What do you mean all this fun? Well, over the years straight women have been glorified for being anorectically skinny. Thanks to that equate. We now have something called Manorectia. And that's right, guys. Now we can be skinny. I'm talking to Molly as skinny. So how do I become Manorectia? Oh, you have to do it to a bunch of cuckoo scarrisons. But what about this pot belly I'm getting from the starvation? Right, one section bitch. It's cool to be skinny. Oh, you can hit this eight-ball or what? Cool. I can see my whole spine. Then, right here. Thank you given the straightest guy with 28k 12-year-old boy. Right, though, 10 17 at 560 WQAM. We're never going to make that 1,000 votes today. I'll guarantee you that because we have a really strong man's poll. Oh, 450 votes. So we know the show. Here we have a shot. There we go. Ricardo Montelbond, somebody says for the poll for the metro poll. He's part of that original question. He was. He has no special choice. Right, Ricardo Montelbond. Here's Ricardo Montelbond. And the Chrysler New Yorker. This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from in New Yorker. And now Chrysler introduces an onboard micro-processer which even speaks to you just like in New Yorker. Hey, moron, you want to put on your f***ing seatbelt? Would you ready to steering wheel ass? I, yes. This is truly in New Yorker. I change you, Silas, the cop and headlight, sir. Chase, you want to do me? Oh, you don't have to. And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none. Hey, beg of praise, you want to walk the f***ing doors. Or maybe we should put a f***ing sign in the f***ing windows, it's red me off. Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker. If you can find a better luxury car, buy it. Ah, buy it, it's gift sh**. I got your luxury car. Thank God for those great old ACN beliefs, you know? That's right. Well, those were sure nice and antiseptic and surgical. Right, don't say it. Yes, they're perfect. So we got a minor year, we're a quarter of a month old, I can't wait to see how Josh goes then. Maybe you already already already already already already. Son there? Yeah. No, you probably copied it from the facts. No, it's both. He's like a salesman. WCWM, hello. Yeah, but Josh, you don't pick it up, honey. 2 AM. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I love your show man. Somebody who I think should be on your pole is a macho person. I got two of them. Yeah. Charles Brompton. Uh-huh. And Janet Reno. Yeah, Janet Reno is a number two already. Okay, take a look at the pole first before you call in. Schmuck. But it's Charles Brompton's good. Yes, right. Yes, right. Cardo. Mabrigan Pern. Sorry, delayed action. That was the one. I was here. Hello, Janet Reno. Thank you to a pali. Schmuck. 560, 560, Pond 560, the Verizon, Seek it a while of this line. Oh, I got one for a pole in the oil. You'll see how many of these I'm going to take today. Okay, because we got a big year work to do for tomorrow. That was it that sent that facts yesterday. Then no name to tell you that Mars bars don't have shred of coconut. You would act coconut. I don't know what's happened to your coconut. I don't like shredded coconut. I don't either. I don't know. The mountains. You're confusing Mars with mountains. Well, they both start with it. They're both having this world. I know that. And you should know your mountains, Mr. It's more right up your alley. Uh-huh. WQAN. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? I just moved into mine. And I keep hearing about this guy. Mo. So you do it. Do it. Do it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. I'm even rising in singular. Why the, just moved into Miami. Guess what? Doran, Paxhmuck. Two for two. Okay. We're batten a thousand. Even baby root and very blind. Never batten a thousand. WQAN. Hello. Please put George on the pole. I love you, George. Such a man, my man. Oh boy. You're dreaming. I can never. I don't, I don't. Wow. You're such a manly man. She's desperate. She's really horny. I was what she's doing. I don't look badly, but I do all right. Yeah. Whatever. There's a Paxh publics online. Tanner Road has dream fields. Pasta's are rushed to rid of their clearer shelf of it. Excited because this is greater than sliced bread. But what's with this digestible carms crap? You know, I already explained this for crying out loud. That's the whole idea of it. She's going to website and read a boat. The nutritional facts say 42 grams, but they claim only five grand digestible. I want to eat like six boxes a day. Don't want to know. I'm looking like the Humper. Actually, it was just a borschment. But it is not borschment. And the, you know, if you're diabetic, you should take your on your graft to eat and see the impact that has on you because everybody's different. But they have that. That's the whole idea with it. Jesus. Talk about stupid. Man. Right there on our website. There's the whole page. We're all about it. Like what's his name, Johnny used to say for a Philip Morris read all about it. Back in the day where we used to have a cigarette advertising. We used to advertise Fagots on TV. Yeah. I remember turned out the way it did. Call for Philip Morris. I think that's what he's saying. Read all about it or something like that. Maybe I'm confusing Johnny with somebody else. Here is Johnny. What an awful movie. Five, six, seven, all in that movie was on again yesterday with what's your name with the Nicole Kidman. But if we lies, it's the first time I realized that she's a good actress. I like her. She does look like a guy. And she was sitting in the bathtub. A little kid who claimed to be your husband reincarnated, you know, her. And I was sticking to myself. Now I understand why she got married a time cruise. That's what she looks like a guy. Hey, Tommy. You're fairie. Exactly. And by the way, Clarence, all those problems you were talking about this morning. One question. What are you going to do about it? You're fairie. This is coming to ask me now advice. Hey, yeah, this night didn't make your mess. You were straight enough. Someone to QAM hello. Sometimes you see you. Something like that. Somebody to QAM hello. Hey, they're up. Okay. Good question. Yesterday you wrote an article. And he said something about the president said he called the Constitution and GDP to paper. Yes. Is that I've heard that in the past? I didn't really know if that was true. Did he actually say that? Is that affordable? Yes. He absolutely did. That's been in several stories that we've had. Yes. That was a direct quote. I don't understand why that's not like a huge story. I'm saying. Because the media when he's back, hockey don't you understand. That's why he has this, he has this, you know, photo off of the day every single day here on CNN, MSNBC, airways think in day. And that's why. Because you're merken media suck collectively. Or is it sucks? They suck. Either way. Yeah. Perfect. Oh, speaking of now, way to the air, there's to show you once again. You know, if I was you, I'd be out there publish scooping up every box and that beamfield's pasta on you, lose you's out there or ordering it. No, you're ordering it like George did. And the beast said he had some course he said to cow anyway. I have it like at least three times a week. And make a meat sauce, you know, with some nice ground beef. Like I can eat spaghetti every freaking day. Right. And you can't eat like, you know, two ounces is plenty. In fact, when you realize, well, you're scurmer yourself. Right. My problem when I make pasta is I usually make too much. I'm afraid to see the excuses. What I do is a psychological thing. I'm always afraid I'm not going to make enough. Right. They're filling me up, you know, with your eyes. Yeah, that's right. And so I always reach in the box and here's a little bit more. And then I want to make a huge bowl. You could take a bath in it. Okay. All right. But if you make a reasonable amount, two, three ounces. And in fact, you could make a good chili mac. Oh, that's great. But I would not be that. Of course. I'll try to recipe on line there for chili mac. You can get the kidney bean. I mean, really. We don't have beans in it anyway. Oh, that's right. But you can make chili mac like what is shredded cheddar cheese. It's a nice amount of beef that you brown in. Only a little bit. Oh, I'm trying. And then some nice craft parmesan cheese, light. All right. Wait until you hear this, though, grab a hold of the side of your tear. And they once again, the old man had his finger right in the middle of it. I don't want to say where. In the first quarter, this is from where. This is from mediabeastro.com. I never heard of it. In the first quarter of 2006, MSNBC's countdown with Keith Olderman. Beat Paul Zahn on CNN in the 2554 demo. This marks MSNBC's first quarterly prime time victory over CNN in the demographic in almost five years. Well, congratulations. In 2001, MSNBC investigates beat CNN 8 p.m. That was five years ago. Countdown average 164,000 total viewers in the quarter, up 41% from where a Q1 last year. Zahn average 558,000 demo viewers of Q1 MSNBC. Bill O'Reilly average 450,000 in the demo beating the crap out of all of them, but down 24%. It was to go to show it that the right wingers manner. We ought to be on a way to gigantic numbers on issue. Instead of that crap that right wing garbage on the team channel, I would be, you know what? Olderman also beat the obnoxious, the anxious bitch headline news, our Nancy Grayson demographic. Oh, what do they, yeah, sorry. Bitch, see you next time, Nancy. God, do I hate her? I hate her worse than Kira Phillips and so they did your Brian. But she's not affected. Oh, God. Friend. Thank you, friend. Oh, man. As long as a $46 bill, bitch, according to the program, I could get a great 754,000 viewers in the demo graphic. So keep them in view to by 10,000. You go, Keith. What do I tell ya? Always the only guy in MSNBC that able to watch his Keith Olderman. The only guy that tells a little bit of the truth. And you know what, Lou Dobbs is. We got to tell the truth and I'm thinking to myself, what did that start, Lou? I missed that memo. We got to, you see that promo? I'm sure you have. No. Oh, yeah, what is big fat face? I'll puff up screaming about illegal aliens. We got to tell the truth. Yeah, right. You're so full of it, Lou. You're so phony, man. Notkin was one hand and speaking of that, there's Mrs. Limbaugh. Eyes of the public. Yeah, eyes of the public are on you, bitch. Papa couple more oxies. 26 past 10 at 5, 60 W. Q. W. They owe you horse racing fans in poker players. Papa park racing and poker's got all the punching action you want. And I'm money machine, too. What am I, sheen man? This Friday, March 31st, everyone aged 18. Ordering you at the chance to pull the liver of a slot machine. And when the chance to get into the way money my sheen, and grab a thousand dollars in betting vouchers and cash. Just stop by the money my sheen on the trek. Hey, print and try your luck. It's a great machine, man. Located just a half mile for both I and any five in the Florida turn. Pipe Papa park is easy to get to invest. Papa park offers you free admission and free general parking every day of your life. Live harness racing in our smoke free poker room. I'll pay every Monday Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday. Poker gets set away in noon goes on till midnight and live racing under way nightly. Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday 725 PM like tonight. Every Monday at the track. It's Monday madness with 2 for 25 dollar dinner specials. And don't miss out on dollar night Wednesdays when draft beer. So this hot dogs and word just a bucket piece starting at 6 p.m. Including tonight. Papa park also open every day of your life. 7 days and nights a week with the best in Simon casting. Harness the orbred high-light action from all across north America. For you to watch and plunge your guts on. Make sure to come out this Friday to see if you can get a money machine and grab a thousand dollars in betting vouchers and cash with Papa park. Papa to harness a block south of Atlantic border and power line road for the curr racing schedule. Go on the web at pompano park dot com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000. Thank you. Hero Durus. Not this is a new Roger. This is five dozen. You'll come down. Michael you close never learn ranch over the weekend. The workers left. And there was no one to take care of bubbles the gym. So you went nuts. What happened? Bubbles. I don't know. I got a crazy stuff. It was shocking. I was shocked because there was due to a few season on all over the house. The floor was seen on the floor. I lower torso. My butt. My nose. My penis. And my chest. And the stuff. So red. Are you still. It's kind of for stock Michael. The outcome. A tension. It looks like it's going to flinch your pool. Bubbles. Don't feel it. 1032. What is with that pool man? I just I don't know. I've looked all these years. Not only recently I heard people use the word pool. Of course it's one of the words we can say on the air. I said. I said. I had a poor poor that idea. All another Iraq member revealed Colin Powell opposed the board without a second you and resolution. New York Times reported yesterday in a confidential January 2003 member that showed President Bush was determined to invade Iraq even without a second you and resolution like we told you. We'll be telling you yesterday on a hardball. Oh no. The sources that memo British scholar Phillips says still I still believe his brother Tommy stands. In fact, maybe he is Tommy's. He stands. Revealing existence of yet another revealing prewar memo. Sands another memo which records a conversation between Colin Powell and his counterpart in the UK. Jack Straw, which makes you clear that in Colin Powell's eyes if there wasn't enough evidence for a second security council resolution, then there wasn't enough evidence to justify the US going alone. As tiny revolution notes, a May 2003 UK guardian article report. That's my, my dead dog's website. Tiny revolution. A May 2003 UK guardian article report on a transcript of a meeting between Powell and Jack Straw and which the two discussed their doubts that WMDs even existed in Iraq. The paper later agreed to retract force into the story after straw made it clear that no such meeting took place. It seems the guardian was right after all and there's a transcript of it here. So his colon pal was spot on but seems he was overwritten by President others in the administration who were absolutely hidden and taken you as to where he was spot on. Tragedically in a row of his circumstances, it was expected of what the inspector's found. No weapons, no BS, no alcatacnection, all of these things were bogus, totally bogus. And people are dying all the time over 2300 Americans did and a bunch of brits and other innocent schmucks who signed up so they could be sent off to be for your father, for your father, human father, like cattle, lead to slaughter. And what's the public worried about? Well, we got going on America right now. We got a bunch of illegal aliens trying to change the word of illegal to take the ill off illegal. That's what they're trying to do. They're going to take the ILO. And it's in ill padrino. I like that. I like that. I just know. Ah! I like that. I still have no idea who they're seeing. I think they're going to be seen. But if not. I don't see. Somebody called. I'm going to start a story. But we can go. At least. Sweetheart. I'd love to be a known person. I'd love to be a known person. Now, probably there's some people who think that's what's his name. What was Anthony singing in the godfather of the opera singer? But it's also, it's not. I don't think. You know what I mean? Not. It's not. Not made. You know what really bothered me the most? If they said, would it just had me read the dialogue for godfather of three? I could have made it a much better movie. I'll get about what you call filmmaker, but never. Or the casting or the cast. Very well. Forget about that. You know, really bugged me. They kept repreasing lines for me. First of all, fathers at points. And in other words, they made it camp. It was like, there was still like, like, when they're standing in the living room there. And Michael's walking out. And he says, uh, uh, honey says, Michael, now they will fear you. And he turns around and says, maybe they should fear you. And he says it in such a way like it's a comedy. It is. Not the only thing he didn't say was, yeah, which I was coming up later. It was like taking a drink. Who on the other two movies? What are you going to do about it? Yeah. And you mentioned that. And then they're like in the kitchen. I'm trying to think this is just before we had his diabetic stroke and went into a coma. And let's see, it's uh, the answer to not Anthony. What's his name? Gary Garcia, and Garcia. Or Vincent. Vincent is in there. And I think Connie and Michael is in there. Maybe we want other person. Members of the family. And uh, Vincent makes some comment and Michael says, don't ever tell people what you're thinking. Well, they don't even know what they're thinking. Because don't ever tell people outside the family. Which I was after the meeting with Salat. So remember when Sonny opened up a big mouth. That's right. Let's move. Yeah. To bring the girl in soft. Or the comedy you play with that young girl. Exactly. Never tell anybody outside the family. What you're thinking again. Salat. I thought you'd run. Salat. Exactly. Well, any rates in the line was, uh, you know, don't tell anybody about outside the family. What you're thinking because Salat's a was sitting in their virtual Salat. So I'm wondering if they did a drug business. Right. You know, I want to make them all free. I want to know what you're that white powder. Right. But then they said to, uh, he says the Michael says it's too Andy Garcia. Well, it's just in the kitchen. Right. Then you know, don't ever tell anybody what you're thinking. It's just, oh, my god. It's a little. They must have scratched that crap out in about a half an hour. Right. When it does scratch it out. It's really sad too because this is a good anti-attractor message in that movie. That's right. Oh, sorry, Dennis. Not. W2AM, hello. In your garden. Yes, sir, speaking. How about putting that macho bitch? Chastro heric on a ball. Who is it? Capron here? Yeah, she belongs on their donkey face. Okay. Catherine here is put around her bitch. Curl it a bill. Now, I'm going to tell you who else ought to be on there. And you'll laugh because he was gay. But, uh, proven I've even gained my guys can be really much. How about Raymond Burr? In fact, I think. I think I'm sure on this was Sean's pull by the way. Thanks, Sean. You're making a comeback after some very weak material. Uh, I'm pretty sure this was one of his. If I can find out a big pull pile. My god. Yeah, I think that was one of his. Woo. Anyway, I think he had Raymond Burr under and I said, well, we're not going to put him under because he was gay. But he and Charles Nelson Riley, you know. He was no one that was missing pansy. Rip. When you come play that, we're ripped Taylor. Yeah. And that crown. What about JP Morgan? Well, nobody would know who that is. Oh, no. They said I'll go on show crowd. But she was she was bunch of upman. She could have kicked your ass with her. One hand tied behind her back. Man, he was macho. JP Morgan. Who else was on that show? Rip Taylor. Jamie Far. Jamie Far with a big snows. Right. Like Lou Gordon. I don't remember Lou Gordon from Detroit. No, sorry. Lou and Jackie Gordon. Lou Gordon show man. He was great. He had like a TV talk show about a hundred years ago in Detroit. Oh, he was outstanding. A real hell razor. Real ass kicker. He's dead. Don't remember Lou Gordon. No. In fact, when I worked in Sarri Soda in 1973, WSPB, the city of hate. And it was this one woman who used to, oh, hello to you. I took out full I. Yeah, you used to talk to her every now and then, full and then. I do some to fill him. For a guy named F. Gear Parkinson, I used to call him F. Gooseyron the loose. Even then, I had a big mouth and was acting like a jackass. And I liked it. I filled them with them a few times. Form. This is a guy that came down to semi-retirement. Sarah Soda from Pittsburgh. They're there. They put him under to do a talk show from seven to eight or seven to nine at night. And of course, at night time, our signal was about six watts. You know, after on city island, sorry. And he'd go on the air. He comes on the first night and he's like in a panic because nobody's calling him. Where are your calls? He reminded me a little bit of, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Kind of like a pompous ass, you know. F. Gear Parkinson. So he started getting these high blood pressure headaches. At least that was his excuse and calling in sick all the time. So that's where I started doing, like, to fill in the show. F. Gooseyron the loose. F. Gear Parkinson. Yeah. So I'm like, oh, sorry, Mike. And Janet, that's bad. Don't be making fun of no Parkinson's disease. Okay. Some of you, you mean you'd be in pizza chickies. Ready? I did like chickies, though. It just didn't have the traditional crust. It was a very unique kind of crust. You know what kind of crust reminded me of? I give up. You know, Toteinos frozen pizza. We all know that. Yep. And you know how the crust is just, it's just a totally different animal from your like regular pizza crust. And you have to be just in the right mood to eat it. But it's, it's okay. We have 526 votes. It's probably about 11 o'clock. Yeah, we got to try it at that. If Josh courtists puts his mind away and keeps reminding the audience that lean on it. It's going to happen. Don't you worry. You think? Oh yeah. Now that's unusual for you. And by the way, I went to back for you guys this morning. George heard it. Yeah. I heard it. It did a lot of good not. Yeah. It's terrible. I'm doing the best I can. But what's on my going to do? Right. They just ignore me. Oh, Josh and George, we don't care about them. Screw them. You know, this Joe Bellman, I'm going to tell you something. There's a four-letter word that comes to mind when I think of him. In fact, it spelled Bull Schmidt. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. What? It's Ethan Lump. It's an ass-wife. Would you give this to him some jam-ifier? I got a theory of this stuff. Jaggle often and only cost me 99. 99. 99. What a deal. For the amplifier in the tours? I also got an anti-stag record block and two HLH out of 20 a quarter of quarter of 3000 speakers just doing all over. Come big. Oh, he 99. I must see some sort of NANDA. I'm going to say, I'm not going to say that. Okay. Hello. Isn't that pathetic? You're how old that thing is. That's from a couple of years ago. That's an old ACN somewhere. And he said the S-Bag word in there. We can't say that. Which is nothing wrong with it. We can't say it. Oh, no, the FCC doesn't care about it. And nobody else care. The audience doesn't care about it. Even the most goodly two shoes, phony, the lonies out there don't care about it. But the joy scares about it. So we can't say it. What a crock of scum. I wonder if she has her own bag, George. You think I wouldn't be surprised probably things like hell. Anyway, 1046 and 560 WQM. This is going to really ridiculous, you know? What? And it Joe Bell had told me that it's how can they expect you to do a show with your hand side behind your microphone? Well, and he was head is somewhere on it. But then he took her right off. Oh, guess what? Mike Lupic or writes in the Daily News. Josh is not going to be too happy with this. Uh-oh. Time for a ceiling to bury bonds. And there's a picture of Barry Barnes with it. It looks like he's either got like an apple in each cheek or somebody stuck a bicycle pump in the back of his neck and blew his head up. Or maybe it was just those roids. Or he's popping a big horse. Well, you're bad. You're brutal. It's what you are. Brutal. Toss was on banana man. Don't start with that kind of lingo on this show. This is a family show. Don't you remember Mr. Family? Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. Anyway, Barry Barnes. Oh, you know something that thing about I forgot because I had a dump that bit. Uh, mum's er, that's rough at about Greg Reads of Mum's er. Her mum's er is one of my all-time favorite words in any language. Mum's er, just. And when I think of, Oh, don't, don't, don't. Come up with one word that would describe him. Mum's arms would have been perfect. You know what I mean? Yeah, it sounds right. Yeah, mum's er. Very bonds is Bud Seelix Pete Rose writes Mike Lupic. I see like has to go after bonds. Officially making him a suspect in the eyes of his fort before another season begins. The way the late Bart, a Bart you muddy went after Rose who denied and denied and denied and denied his game. The bonds is an idiosive steroids. Here is bonds on May 21, 2001 talking in the San Francisco Chronicle about his increased power on his way to 73-tainted home runs. I've put David in it. There's something that I don't understand right now. The balls I used to line off the wall are lining out of the park. I can't tell you why I called God as Kim. Oh, God had some to do with it. Oh, God! It turns out we don't have to call God. All we have to do is read the book, Game of Shadows. According to the book and two San Francisco Chronicle reporters who clearly never believed the word bond said, there was a reason why he started hitting more home runs than he ever hit in his life. On the same day, the same newspaper asked him about the possibility of breaking Henry Irons record of 755 career home runs someday. Hell no bond said to the Chronicle, I promise you from the bottom of my heart I won't be in the game that long. You believe nothing he says now. At the end of last year, remember bond said he was going to shrub skinnier this season. He showed up as Vigas Ever. Here's bonds on the subject of cheating for more of last year. I don't know what cheating is. I don't believe steroids can help your eye-hand coordination technically hit a baseball. I just don't believe it. In a statement, an opposition to all the evidence presented in the game of shadow is page after page of it, investigative reporters are not just skilled but integrity. The truth is always more trouble for bonds than pictures who won't pitch to them. Here is more of the word according to bonds again in 05 talking about how the legacy of the steroid era and baseball, which he is now the big fat poster boy for. You can't rehash the past. We need to go forward move forward, let it go. He wishes. Sound like Mark McWare now. It won't have to pass. The defense from bonds about bonds that we must let this go is as false as bonds saying he did understand, where his home runs here came from in 2001. As false as bonds allegedly telling your grand jury he never asked where this trainer Greg Anderson was giving him, as false as bonds suggesting he didn't know what cheating is. Before the new season starts before bonds adds to a legend that's grown the way the rest of them. The way the rest of him has. That's a great line. Back home, ceiling must announce once and for all the sports investigation of this home run era and baseball in general. bonds in particular. If bonds doesn't like being called out this way by baseball or being called out by this book, if his union which thought drug testing for years doesn't like it, then let them do it. Nobody is done yet. Stand up and say that Mark, Fainer, Rue, Wada and Lance Williams are the ones lying here. The authors. We need to turn the page, Brian said on March 24th last year, we need to forget about the past let us play the game where entertainers let us entertain. Oh, he's an entertainer all right. He'll be a huge attraction once the season starts to dancing bereth the circus. The chairman San Francisco when he passes baby Ruth and will hear again that is most by two pretty critics hate him. The arrogant Black star for passing the white guy who's been more than famous names in American sports since the 20s. As if bonds is breaking some pattern record by passing Ruth is if we care about that anymore. The great Henry Aaron as much as the soul of his fort as anybody passed Ruth more than 30 years ago. The great Henry Aaron is the one who has victim of racism and never wind the way bonds to the ability to report it from the associated press talking about throwing his super size self off a building. Or she they have enough earth voice out in fiscal already without them. The color of bonds get us in the issue here never has been never will be anybody who suggests that bonds this foil child of a baseball star is victim of racism in self all those before him really worth victims of racism. From Jackie Robinson to Aaron when Aaron was chasing Ruth it's offensive. It's offensive is bonds like a counterability and when he must take his plausible deniability about a home run three after the age of 35 that bears no resemblance to the home curve or run square that came before that. People want to talk about mark mark wire now if McGuire were still playing you think we wouldn't be after him if we knew as much about him and I need is we know about bonds now more than a jug of andro and in his locker rich say you think we wouldn't be after the white guy. There's no bigger story than bonds and forces he changes the biggest record in sports of one of the long to Aaron you wonder what Aaron the greatest living ball player really thinks about this. But he thinks about steroids and human growth hormones about artificial means and artificial ends. And he says that he's a very Aaron who played his remarkable career at six feet and 180 pounds who just kept hitting the ball out of the park with those amazing risks season after season. Henry Aaron who said this to a friend not long ago when the subject of steroids was raised all I ever used was chewing gum he said. Like the chief said and cookers nest gum just remember that juicy food right juicy food you slice son of a good that was just before they both got the. Treatment. Right there little dabble do you. Poor raddle my birthday made and always in for and then he had that pillow fight and came out and losing in. Okay, let's see how that guy wanted like rub it into very bonds because I don't really care about baseball at all just this is Joshua. Wish he already ought to be pissed off at the management there for treating like crap and lying through their teeth to him and that's course you know never trusted on him Josh Josh. 158 votes. I don't know I don't think we're going to do it. Who's the most macho of the mall? I don't know why it's pretty easy pull. Clint Eastwood 120 4 janitor we know 110. She's given Clint a run for her it's money. I don't know Clint Eastwood. I put him on there. That was my own choice but he I don't know. See a macho guy to me can speak. Clint Eastwood can't speak. He's got like really crossbees in Rome. He talks like in like that. I don't like that. Yeah, like that. That's right. It's part of the site. I just don't understand that. Well, let me tell you something about. Oh, I know what I look what I did there. Oh, you're not talking about it. Speak like a man who quit whispering. I don't know. My scholarship boy. I didn't order you. Clint Eastwood 120 4 janitor we know 110. Jim Manit 98 but they'll come more man. My gosh. What's that? I don't know but let's hear it again. Come in. What? You like this very far. Okay Sean Khan before the 80 rows of L43 James Khan he was so good now. You know. Yes he was. I mean he was also he was good in the Kathy Bates movie, misery. Great in that. But he was 100 years old by that movie. You know, you look at that movie and you think this is Santino. This is Sunny by the guy. As opposed to some of the other actors like Robert Dubal. He pretty much always looks to say, you know. Oh, he lost another guy. Yeah. Nice piece. Sean Khan, a 48. He was about 43. Linda England 39. Can't have some much. You'll Linda or. All those. Iraqis. Ernest Hemingway 22 Charles Bronson 11 and quarter 10 man, quarter. Sunny West, Robert Bush old bands has got nine. Father of our country. Our Washington nine. Slice the loan. Eight. Kimbobo campers seven. Pondolizer. Six. Brad Pitt five. Anthony Hopkins four. Ricardo Montelban one. Raymond Burnt Khan. And here is don't have any other. 564. See the lack of a vote for Raymond Burr based on a gay. Because, you know. I guess it reminds. No. Gay. Mayl could be macho. Well, if he asked me, he'd like to return the income margin on interest. Because it should be the Account rates are 40km between Pakistan and East. nouns are provided to reconstruction for the sums in things that I see for a better idea to Jan those. We thought the King Uzbim Hadayah to give up. Christ has onslaught to the figures offering this. In brutal and safe between sight and false real situation. in the season until school administrators learn more about allegations that several team members rated in an exotic dancer in off campus part of the school said yesterday they are accused of raped the rape that they did this these are chicks. Well just the one. Now is that her on there that is a picture on our side. President Richard Broadhead, ooh, decided to spend the team from play until there's a clear resolution of the legal situation of having team members university said the cases royal the campus raised racial tensions and heightened antagonism between the affluent students adduke which cost about 43 grand a year to go to and the city of Durham which has a large population of four peoples about evenly divided between white and black. Isn't that where your self-stiff? I mean, Tristio is from Durham, Rally. Oh, like I said. A woman told police she had another dancer where I had to perform arts 13 at a private party in off campus home. The dancer raised student North Carolina Central University, North Carolina. Told police she was pulled into a bathroom beaten choke and raped it by a three man. No one has been charged yet. Armed with the judge's order, police took DNA samples with the chief swap from 46 to the lacrosse team's 47 players last week. The 47th player, the only black member of the team did not have to provide DNA because the dancers said it were attackers were white. I guess they kind of narrowed it down. I need to have the information about who will be charged so district attorney Mike and knife-ong. I feel pretty confident that a rape occurred did it did. Rod had said team captain Zodafine, I'd like to record Joe Aleva on Tuesday. That players wanted to stay off the field until the DNA results came back from a crime life and a statement the captain predicted that the DNA testing would clear the players if we're all doing. They Toronto Maple Leafs will undergo DNA testing because they want to gain last night they be so well for you. Rod had said it was his decision to expand the suspension in this painful period of uncertainty. This clear to me is a voice in the players that will be inappropriate to resume the normal schedule. But you know that's interesting but NASCAR they had a guide die in time trials on Sunday morning and when they had the race. Am I right about that Josh? You're right about that. They went ahead and had the race. They had a moment of silence. They had a half a second of silence. I right about it. About a quarter of a second of silence. And before they can even like hang their head and me out of that phony thing. They were like okay start your engines. Let's go and kill somebody. All that crap NASCAR garbage. I wonder Joe Castellan. This is Neil Rodgers. This is 5168. This is the Neil Rodgers show. This is a blame. Any questions? What's the funny tongue of the news? Her things said I hope were not true. Close the door and love it real time. Make sure my best working for the nights. She didn't really know what else I could do. Even broke out the heart's leash and food. Now I'm hoping little fluffy or sleep. Really. But just in case I'm from We got my ball three I hope it's not a bad desire This is my Because See It's 11.05.60 WCM How could we need all some of these names for example here's a clue? You son of a bitch. Yeah, right. How can we leave him off? I decide that although he is much so much when Ospandix pants in Furin 9-11 But nevertheless, I'm in fuller Call of Bonyms and Billy Jean King says Jean Rogers always listening Jean Thank you Jean and what about John Wayne the Duke? We've got two say in the John Wayne Dean and you're in it all the month Thank you much more much. We're in John Wayne We put in Billy Jean King on there. Yes. Why not all these all of these people Soon we're going to get to a thousand posts by a week from surface I don't think we're going to make it. I mean it's 11.02 already Do we even have even have 600 yet? I doubt it. 596. We got a really goose. We got a goose this progress up there And this is my bad because I didn't put it on until this morning So the last night that's the way it goes because that wasn't here last night was busy losing Cruising and losing couldn't find a good machine There were and the reason I couldn't find one is there weren't any I guess that's a good reason. No good machine man five six seven And you know something I want to start a little bit on tomorrow's poll Two we usually don't do this. Well, we were going to spend it. I was getting like three four days ahead Right. Can never be too far ahead on the polls. Right. Is that for these people? That's a speciality. Do you or? You don't understand? You know, I'm not that bad. Yeah, that too. Well, this was inspired by that fact. So yesterday Tell me that Mars bars don't have shredded coconut and he says on that And how about a future poll for what your all time to have a candy bars? We may have done that a long long time ago But I don't recall and I'm going to I'm going to go back home But I told you off the year before Because you can't nobody can't it's not fair I'm not going to say we're going to put Well, I don't know do we want to put like milky weight dark I guess we better. I guess we better later or not That'll scare me. I better if one of them popped out of the ATM a wood. Yeah. Anyway, favorite all-time candy. Here's what I got. No, the reason I do this is because like regular plain Hershey bars are for going on. I mean, nobody that likes real chocolate just eats her Hershey bar. But the Hershey bars with toffee and almonds man. They are outstanding. Do we really? The little nugget packages is that we're talking about. They come in little nuggets. I'll bet. The killer flu chicken. I like Hershey's with toffee and almonds. We get the bags of the nuggets. Same thing. No, you can't have the pull of that like that. I don't know how far we want to break it down. Like for example, I got M&Ms and M&M Peanut. We got all the rub of the world. What's your all-time favorite candy? Here's what I got so far for tomorrow. No coconut, by the way. Snickers. Clark bar. That's for me. I'm going to put Clark bar. I have an everyone in the year. I don't know where to hell. I would find one. Don't go look. No, I'm not eating no candy today. But, myons. That's the moment of coconut. Is it almond joy? Now, the almonds joy also have coconut. Do we decide? Now, you're going to say anything anymore. Get yelled at. I think it does. Josh, does almond joy have coconut? Yes. M-mounds. M-mounds. M&Ms. All right. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a small piece of candy. It's a pretty 705 body plate. He was zwware again. He was gives sweet pine tea fruit fromipp dorford. Do you see a great thing that I've told you about how to take a coffee? He wanted it over there. We had fermented gran rs available the other ones. in singular wireless lines. We got 15 different poles going on here. We got the Curtis in the two to four rolling slots, which are programmed to be back to their clearance by the way. Message very embarrassing that we don't have like a permanent kind or two to four, and he's asking me a lot of stupid questions. Your own your own sweetheart. And by the way, clearance. What are you going to do about it? You're fairly. Do you care? Do you care? Do you care? Do you care? Q. I. M. Yeah. I think you're Joe Bell, please. I give him a message for me. Message from Garcia. Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah, I. One for the candy barball. Yes. Uh, what's your my call it? Okay. Yeah, that's true. I never seen that a long time. What is that? Um, it's sort of like a smickers without the peanuts. It's got new get. Yep. It's got new get. Yeah. And I like it. If it's got new get. Okay, saying, what's your my call? I hope I stole it right I don't know. I'll leave it up to her. I don't know. Whatever. How about what do you call it? You have a $1,000 that $1,000 that $1,000? $1,000. How about a speed McQueen. He kicked John Williams last second. Okay. He's a speed McQueen man. How about you? Yep. What? Now that was really interesting because I like, well, I thought he was done at speed McQueen and then he still was on it like four seconds later. That was good. How about it? How about it? I think he meant maybe a speed McQueen for the candy bar. Did I put baby Ruth? See we've been talking about that and I did not. See Ruth. Tiding in plain sight. Now who the other other than the candy bar wasn't named after him, but there's a some candy bar named after Henry. Oh no. Oh Henry, right? A little really muddy. I like oh Henry. Okay. Okay. But who was it that they had a candy bar named after him? Some athlete. George, I should know it. Yeah, I should. Who wasn't? I don't know. I got my name. I got to do. Huh? You mean besides the old Henry? Oh Henry was an athlete? Was it an named after Henry? I did. Oh Henry was named after Henry Aaron. So I heard. But you're hot. I'm going to tell you, oh Henry was named after Henry here and I will come right down to a kiss you on all four cheeks. I don't have a shot. There is no chance. Was he a baseball player? Yeah. Henry was a baseball player, but oh Henry, why are you talking about it? Henry was an author of five thousand years ago. Okay. Okay. Well, I'm going to Google this. This is ridiculous. So Henry was around when I was very tired. I heard. Yeah. Yeah. It's all these stories on the street. Or why would I make that up? I'm here about Henry here. All right. Yeah. I mean there have been baseball players of candy bars in them. Let's see. Oh Henry biography. Oh no, see this is a Henry. You also got to do a hundred candy bars. Oh, geez. I hate when I do. Okay. I'm a candy bar. Oh, there was a candy bar. Not that long really named after some athlete. Oh Henry candy bar home page. Well, here is where we're going to get the other one. Oh Henry bars, two peanut bud in Carmel's. What is this covered in rich milk chocolate? In Polish fondies of 118 and 36. It says, but you can't eat only 36. So what does that tell me? I don't want to buy him. I just want to see the history. Let's see hard to find. I got to think here it says the candy bar has nothing to do with hammer and hank or the author. No. I didn't take a bit. But it sure is how I've done it with Hank Aaron. You better start learning your candy bar. Hey, somebody told me to be like, we got 628 votes. We haven't got a chance to get a thousand to five or clock. We aren't going to get to a thousand. And Josh just said, oh yeah. And the days when we are going to make it, it's always like, oh, we're going to shove you know, in a today. No problem. 629 votes at Logan Claw. You're dreaming. Where the other votes going to come from? You know, we had that many listeners. I'd say, oh yeah, we got a shot. We used to we used to have it before the new regime came in in the deep than 86 this. Isn't there a candy bar with like a number? What is the bar? I'm thinking of $100,000 bar. $1,000. What is it? One of those. There was a bar, uh, no one has Reggie after Reggie Jackson. Reggie, that's the bar after Reggie Jackson. But I don't want to put that on. Nobody knows what that is. Right? Right? There was a million dollar bar or something like that. That's what I was just saying. $100,000 bar I think. No. But I could be wrong about $100. Grand. How many of them? Are you opening these candy bar? No, I know that there was a 100 grand bar. I don't know if it's named that. Was it grand? That might have been the name. I know that there was a $100,000 dollar bar. That was a story. You can only eat 100. Kind of like, I would say it's pringles, but it's not pringles. What is it? Is it lays? You can only, you can't only eat one. Is that it? Yeah. It's laid. And that's because they're loaded with chemicals. They make you want to eat like a lot of the way they're wrong. Just like, uh, it was like three months ago. I think one lays potato chip out of a full freshly opened bag. Like a reason for the half of that. That's like they see in a suck. No, they're good. I love them, but I only eat one and I haven't had one since. Well, you know, something that would be like me going and I'm trying to think about a parallel with that. Me going to the store and buying like a half a gallon of nestle is truly eating one teaspoon full and throwing it right down. I just don't see that happening. Well, I hate these add lines that are ridiculous. I don't know one can eat just one. Well, here's one guy that can only eat just one and I haven't had one. I don't think I'll ever have one again until they give you some money. Well, I have a response for that. Well, congratulations. Get a ride. Right. You got to do something. 113 and 560 just cost me $6,000. Point to a recent survey. Americans keep their matrices for 10.2 years. I'm going to tell you right now, fat boy is just disgusting, man. Every respect. Quit emailing me about things that we are going to know. We know Scott for Rellison series. We know he's on 8 to midnight. We know how we put him on it. We already know that we've discussed it. We've digested it. We spatted out. Man, that fat boy is emailing me crap. Instead of going out there and selling something, we're servicing in the cow, which he's only got one. Yeah. He's emailing me crap that we already know old news. Quote to a recent survey. Americans keep their matrices for 10.2 years. It's like keeping a car for 100,000 miles. If your mattress is 5 to 10 years old, it's probably not performing like it used to. It was. You need to call 1-800 mattress the number for our friends at dollar mattress. Rank number one for customers satisfaction. So there's no risk. Not with their deal because here's our works. You're a mattress from the airspirb bed and condolences of dollar mattress. They deliver right to your door. You try it out. Don't like it. Just call them back at 1-800 mattress. They replace it to your total satisfaction. You're in tea. Once you buy from 1-800 mattress, you'll never go back to a showroom and get ripped off again. It's so easy. I have to do a sit there on your fat, arthritic ass. Call 1-800 mattress and pick out the two of our window. You want them to show up at your house and they do. On time, every time. They take away the crappy old stained and soil bedding and you're on the way to great night's sleep for years to come. When you called down a mattress, no ripoffs, no nonsense, no off-brands, no run-around. No showroom shenanigans, just factory-direct prices. On the top brands, you know trust and love. Like Seely and Surtna, Simmons King Royal temperate extrins and foster hewit and latent hewit. And not dollar mattress offers, no payments or interest for 12 months. So how can you possibly pass on this deal? If the old mattress is shot call 1-800 mattress right now or log out of their website, mattress.com for the best sleep you've had in years. 1-800-MATT-R-ES, leave off the life as because it stands for sales holes. This is Neil Rogers. This has five 16-2A. Show power on the door. Huffers over this performance by the gold. Can't you just got back today? That's your T-O-U-S-T place. Let nobody up-smattered anyway. But man, I still think Jerry Jones is great. It's the boy's effect of cloud, the boy's going down. That's the boy's effect of cloud. There's noise and dollars down. You know what I'm sure who you sit there for a lot? Every time I got the Amazon with a sharpening in his sock, if man he thought he was cool, but he was really not. What a joke that's ever lowly. And that time at the cowboy's place, when CEO Dan fell a little low, what a disgrace. Then, then, the grand old green got in his place. And now he thinks they won't forget it. The boy's effect of cloud, the boy's going down. That's the boy's effect of cloud. There's noise and dollars down. That's the CEO's effect of cloud. There's the ego is and now. The boy's effect of cloud. The boy's going down. I thought the other day had a nightmare. We were downing with our saw on TV that Adam Benentary signed with the Coles. I just just googled it. Just like, I thought, oh, you thought you had an nightmare. It wasn't nightmare. The only problem is it's true. I know that. What are they thinking of there, knowing? Well, I guess you know three super balls enough. Spread it around a little bit. I'm telling you who we ought to put on this pool, who also like Raymond Burrow will get any votes. Not because he is. Yeah, quite not. The opposite. But Tom Brady, see he won't get any votes because he's a pretty guy. See, and pretty guy is can't possibly be macho. You'll see. Put him on there. I mean, to me, it got it. It's a one three super balls and quarterback for a maybe that thing. Maybe that's why. What do you mean, maybe that's not why? You've seen he's not macho? I didn't say that at all. You only wish you were getting some of the slap over. Yeah. Right. And so, so they're going to vote for an imagery kind of thing. Like Charles Brown. I just got to your saying you won't get any votes. I'm proving a point. I don't need to put a lot of people on there who I already put Jan or Reno and she's damn near him for his play. Yeah. She'll do well. That was my doing. Beans sick and twisted like I am. And Jesus, I'm going to tell you, man, with both her hands tied behind her back. She could kick your ass. You're a T a. Just a little bit of a look. Just a lot of them shaky looks. You peeing your pants and run like hell. Who's the most macho? How are we doing on the vote? Well, 65. Now we're not going to do it. No way. We can do it, you know. It's easy. This is a bag. Yeah, you're in the bag. Thinies will 138 Jan or Reno, 121. Next time, Terence comes in. By the way, you both have my permission to beat the crap out of them. Oh, God, would that make me feel good? You hold them all ahead and judge. Jim Man is John Ridd 11 and third place. John Connery 57 boy. The long way down from the mad dog to Sean. Teddy Roosevelt 48. You want him to know why they liked Teddy Roosevelt? Because he was a. Yeah. That's right. Linda even 42 Ernest Hemingway 25 boy. Way, way, big drop off after this first day of three. Charlie Bronson 21 and Command Colver 18 Barb Booster Teen John Wayne the Duke Scott 10. The Duke is back in town. Arnold Schwarzenegger 10 Johnny Weissmutter 10. Perkably I'm not a Tarzan. Who played Hercules? Steve Reeves. You want to put Steve Reeves on here? He's pretty macho. Does anybody remember who he is? Well, but I will find out. Put him on there. Oh, there was Chris Reeves. Slice to loan eight. Condor Leisure 7. Kim Boe campers 7. Brad Pitt 5. I bet you found Leases got a big unit. Oh, we got a Randy John's story again. A follow up Anthony Hopkins 4. Steve McQueen 2. Billy Teen King's got a pair. The lead me. That's what Bobby Riggs found out. Ricardo Muntelbond 2. Tom Brady got one. Oh, hey, whoever voted for Tom Brady. You're fairie. Oh, Katherine Harris won. Charlottes Heston and Raymond Burrboe. The big. Oh, so far. That's most amusing. Somebody says my favorite candy bar. Payday. Payday. Payday. As Virginia Redwood scream. As probably in the top shelf or grandma keeps the candy bars. As Randy Motorwood riff off. Here Randy you're an idiot. That's right. They're in Pittsburgh. All those whiteful here in Passo long. Now, let's see. You send me a facet. This is a little history, but it's all blacked out. I can't write. I was hoping it would get through a bit. Now, what does it say? So the bottom one is is in the factory where they were making the candy bars. There was this little kid or young guy named Tony. Wait, wait, wait. Just have another candy bar before we go on. Bitter honey. Right. There you go. Bitter honey. How to chew and sweet for me? No way. Are you kidding me? You don't like Bitter honey? You have a very good idea. I have my portion. Bitter honey. I haven't had one. They will pull your teeth out. That's true. Almost like Turkish Daffy. Now, what were you saying? There was an accident in the candy place. Right. And this little kid lost his nut. No. There was this young guy named Henry that would flirt with me. He was a story about that guy. Years ago, the guy was he was doing his number on the alien. That was right. Anyway. And he would flirt with the girls that made the candy. And the owner Williamson, whatever, was coming out with a new candy bar and didn't know what to name it. And the girls would, oh, Henry. Yeah. They would get the kid to do favors for them. They would say, oh, Henry. Do that. Oh, Henry. Do that. And he heard them say, I was the news department. Oh, Henry. Very. What? And then Henry drinking other bottle of wine. Right. Why was doing, doing news. Anyway, here's one that says the candy bar. And question is the junk. That's cute. That's a junk. The junk. The junk part only has one nut. Oh, that's cute. That's really. That could be also the time green of a candy bar. How long did that marriage? How many days did that marriage last? How many hours? About two minutes. Something there that didn't meet the eye. I don't know. Sam. Five, six, seven, five, six. We're building today's poll. We're building a whole new universe man. We're building a new QAM. We're trying desperately. We got a sales manager who, oh, God. That will deal with it that we went through. That would, Claire and I give him a hand into clearance. I'll say, I can't say much for him. But he's your came through today. Then he took a little project in his hands there. And he went right back there and dragged for a strategy. And they're by the nap of the neck like a little child. Spanked him a couple of times. At a while, Claire, I kicked those bastards into the shape. Because the new sales manager, stiffy junior, he can't do it. He can't even figure out how to speak English yet. He speaks North Carolina. He's. Yeah, this thing with his illegal, you know, immigrant is one thing. See, to me, an immigrant is somebody who comes illegally. Right. We have a quota and the right answer people waiting to come illegally. Or law-biting people who would like to come illegally. That's right. Get it, yeah. There are the four. We don't know. Get him or prove it. Oh, how about Cracker Jack? That's not a candy bar. Your favorite candy is, oh, I just don't candy. Okay. Let's put Cracker Jack. And what's the other stuff that's like Cracker Jack? What do they call that? A fiddle battle. No, fiddle battle. Trust me. And they got crunch and much. Oh, that's what I was thinking. That's all the same. Now, don't they sell crunch and much instead of Cracker Jack at a ballpark at the PV park, Jack? Yes. Yes. See, now why is that? Who ever heard they got the concession? They got the big deal. Yeah, but whoever heard that, going to a ballpark and not being able to get Cracker Jacks, right? Right? In fact, isn't that what's in the song? And that's what I'm looking for right now. Take me out, wait a minute. I'll find it. Here we please don't tell me it's not yet in there. Come on, everything. Oh, one, one, one, one. Welcome to Graeme. Oh, three, three, three, two, one, two, one, three, three, three, two, one,izarb. Entirely and Righend, rent another town be in there, don't flood bayism's on Jamie Ford, one, two,jner. the guy that in first day, Harry was so good that I can't really tell on that one whether it's really him or the other go that's him that was Harry that's Harry twenty seven after eleven at five sixty w like here the expert right the Harry carry actually the expert on where these thats and drops came from oh hey if you're hungry if you got a big appetite right now because we're talking about candy and food and mind your mind your then hit for john the baker two locations for you on times of all of our the home depot center just west of the mango or the brand new john the baker at the stewarding town center corner of stewarding in panellero and kupar city big delicious fresh portions of all your favorite in tending goodies like sausage in peppers chicken parmesan big city lasagna veal parmesan all hot and steaming gigantic portions on your plate at teeny tiny prices and the best girl equals you've ever seen in your life in fact if you go in here with a meal mention the orangish sentia you can get a half dozen johns real famous girl equals absolutely free just for having the cahones the big pair say that fat meal sent me in the cell good Georgian josh of tried just about everything on the menu by now rave about john the baker all the time including that fantastic sloppy sausage and some of the best pizza you'll find anywhere in south Florida positively the best bring the whole family or call ahead for take out in temper pines call nine five four four three one forty three fifteen come that's a duff my two cents and they'll say you're fair in temper pines nine five four four three one forty three fifteen in kupar city nine five four two five two oh nine one two five two double oh ninety one john to make her always big portions always fresh and delicious always the best detail in food in south Florida it don't get no better than john the baker this is meal rosters this is five sixteen two eight for the Dazu o be WQAM is where like, uh, injecting a little bit of blood in back into this place. And we need like a, um, we need a transfusion, knowing. Yeah, we do. We need to get a long tube from the hospital into the front door there, where the credit we were used to be before they could be in hell. So somebody says, oh, we're going to just cost still, uh, high. You know, see what this is from? Yeah, but anybody could have written that on there. No. It's from your boyfriend says Dale Earnhardt. There's no, there's no like regular person out there. It would write like Dale Earnhardt. But a, uh, a NASCAR, uh, race car groupy type. He would write that crap. Joe Festelov. If he nobody would know that after he'll nobody would know that he's spells it like that. See, because they all think he's still a, we're sitting 10 in the disk. He don't even know how to pronounce his name right. It's 10. And that's Costello. You don't pronounce a like that. See what I'm saying? Uh, Costello. As in mind, Jamanjo. Anyway, Dale Earnhardt, you put him on there. Is he still alive? You're a dig a killed. I mean, it's hard for me to keep track of the race car guys. I thought he was the one that died. I think they'll kill the senior judge. Just you. Uh, see, I get confused. Yeah, the old man. We lose the old man. And then he's got said that on the which he already got down. Let's go. Wait, Joe. Go away. You just yell at that, you know, you're not on real radio. You run an XM crap. See, this thing was serious. And XM. I mean, I'm really delighted that there are people who, you know, can't get jobs in real radio that have got a job there. I mean, Howard's the only exception of that. I'm maybe Martha Stewart, who the whole one listened to that pitch. I mean, like Lynn Samils, there's a good example or for who's on a to midnight on serious now. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah, the big package. blah, blah, you know, see, I just don't get that. Other than the fact that he's a crazy person, I just, I don't get it. Who's the most macho? That's her full. We got 708. You're right. We got a little bit of a shot. We need to 1902 votes in two and a half hours. We should be able to do that, shouldn't we? Mm-hm. Twin Eastwood 149. He is the one that died, by the way. They were pretty senior. Twin Eastwood died. He never died in any movie, didn't anything so dirty. Hurried, didn't that? Cause then they could make the sequels. Right. And certainly in play, Misty for me, although Jessica Walter wanted him to deny she wanted the other one to die. But what was in the and please don't tell me. All right. From a not slanting. Uh, got a mill. That's right. I like telling you. She was good. No, No, not slanting was good. Whatever happened to Pat Peters. That he sold an 100 years old now. Oh, God. That's bad. That is so sad. 20swood 149. You know, that's a good poll. Oh, that's a good poll. That's a good poll. I just gave myself. What, I mean, I mean, I faint. We're talking about famous people, not yourself, you know, because most of us would like to freeze ourselves at an early age, you know, like 20 or whatever. You know what I'm saying? What's celebrity? What famous person would you like to have frozen that in early or age? You're like, like Brandon the will of you know, like 20 Barbara Eden. Barbara Eden would have been good. Like about 25 I would say. Even though we didn't see her till she was 30, that was eaten. Yeah. That shows you was already like 30. Well, it was nothing wrong with the one she said. She was the one that the bottle that the like the president would have had a bottle problem. Clint Eastwood 149 Janet Reno 127. I don't think she ever looked. I think she was born looking like that. And that's not a pretty sight either. She is a killer man. Janet. That's what they said in Waco. Mad Dog 117 for Jimmy Mandage. And then after that, it's very, very teeny tiny taters. They're all fighting for fourth place. Sean Connery 61. Teddy Roosevelt 50. Lynda England. He's got 43. And the think that she got pregnant. I don't know how that happened. Not the traditional way. You can be sure. Ernest anyway. Ernest anyway 26. Charles Bronson 23. Man COVID 21. Barbara Bush old Babs has got 14. With her beautiful mind. John Wayne 12 Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 11. The governor. Johnny Weissmobber 10. Conner Leezer has got 8. Slice to low 8. Kimber Wilkampers still stuck on 7. He can't even come close to the mad dog. Now, Who do you think would win there? Like if those two dooked it out. Who do you think would win that? I think Bo Kampers stopped on his ass. Oh yeah. I mean, he's so big. Right? That's a big, he's away from the mad dog being a tough feudalist. But he's not small either. You know, I don't know when he got lost. I'm not sure. He's not a small guy. But Bo Kampers. He's like, he's a house. Paul Runyon. Right? Or Damon Runyon. Kimber Kampers. Seven. Steve McQueen 6. Brad Pitt 5. Anthony Hopkins 4. I think they're thinking about Hannibal Lecter. Aren't they? Mr. Lecter. Mr. Lecter. You know, she was in a movie that I liked. I forgot what that was. Oh, I can't tell you that the other day. I can't tell you what it was. Huh? Chote. Yeah. She was in a movie where she was a good actress. I can't believe that because our narrow-eyed hate her. I really don't hate her if she was in taxi driver. She was good man. I just hate the role she played in Dr. Lecter. That's what it sounds like. Paul Runyon. Paul Runyon. Yes, you just don't like that whole phony through Teency put on there. Hey, Dr. Lecter. I just just... I did crap for saying that. Just, well, I'm sorry, but I thought she was horrible in that movie. He was. Well, there you go. Dody's foster. She reminded me of a Harley from guiding light. Well, I like Harley, but nevertheless, she just... Even a movie actress. Brad Pitt-Five. Anthony Hopkins 4, Billy Jean-Kin's got three. Ricardo Montelbaum 3. Katherine Harris got a pair. Boy, what a guy. Steve Reeves has won. See, I told him Tom Brady's got one. And I'm sure he'd die to take a peek. Dale R. and Hart Charlton has been a women for all got the big. Ah, that's a problem. I got to... how could Charlton has to not have any. I don't know. Just because they got a... It's just because they saw a boy for Columbo and with a Spandex Pan. You were just on that with the Spandex Pan. Marshall, guys, don't wear blue Spandex Pan and walk away like a coward from a faddle guy like Michael Moore. It was Michael lobbying around chasing him. I'm Mr. Henson. Mr. Henson Chuck, you know, he's like wild in a way. Like, oh, father me with this. So you've got no answers. You set me up. And I'm a crazy person. You know, I... It's not my gun. I love my piece. I mean, he made such a monkey out of him. He was just pathetic. It was great. It wasn't pathetic. I loved it. Of course, didn't take a lot of talent. He said, I'm a real good. Spandex Pan, how do we really did that when he showed him his NRA card? I'm a lifelong member of the NRA and, oh, good boy. He had it in my hand. Good boy. And that's what they were going to do something. Oh, I was thinking I was going to do something. Tell us about a family whose reality. Mary's a Mrs. Limbaugh. Oh, God. They thought of him rolling around even anywhere near her. He's just, oh, talk about puking, dozing. Good God. Can you even begin to imagine? I... Yeah. And I'm saying it's right near lunchtime. This is the Rush Limbaugh diet. Okay. Just think about that. You want my yeast to run. Come on. Let me tell you, Beach Ford has gone mad because it's madness in March all this month of Beach Ford. Actually, we wanted to say March madness, but it's copyright. So it's a madness in March. They just miss breaking their all-time market in February. So they are breaking in this month. Come and have our high water. And by giving you fantastic deals, too. For example, right now, if you can't afford F-150s as low as 2409 a month, with 995 bucks down plus fees of the pro-quiet of 39 monthlys. Madness in March at Beach Ford means you must be mad. You've got to be crazy. Not to take advantage of deals like these. Re-brates in discounts about to $10,000 on all new and new vehicles. Now, if you are to the market yourself for new carbon-nose somebody who is send them into Beach Ford. Because if your friend or your associate or some strange run in the street corner takes delivery in March and you send them in, Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks. And then money comes from Beach Ford's advertising budget, so they sure is how I'm going to attack it on to your friend's price. The Ole Miss out of this once the Irvine is Beach Ford's madness in March, extended camp for F-150s as low as just 2409 a month. This counts in rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks just for referring a friend in cash. So her year as in Beach Ford is 2 miles east of the Golden Glades. On 153rd Street West, it's a no-brainer man's guaranteed. You will love your Beach Ford experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Reed's is . Arrangee packet. Here there's a lovely phone.<|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|> more<|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|> drink<|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|><|ml|> Together I hear something and I like the soul Oh, I like the souls I hear each time I say I like the souls that say my name runs repeat In fact, I sleep through every chance of dying And I like the souls I like the soul Oh, how much more is I don't like more is but how about that? It's because of a very man-loom. Well, but what kind of incarnation you talk about? Smores. That's the thing you make. No, no. No, there's a candy bar called Smores. There is. Yes, there is. There is. Yeah, there is. I don't know. Smores. Man, you're supposed to be the young hip-ba-hot shot. I'm not about candy bars. What about else? There for crying all out between section drugs. What else is there? Candy bars. Right. And rock and roll. Let's see. Smores. There's even a peanut butter smores. Candy bars. See, you're right, when you google something, you've got to put on a little more specific. You know, everything. Ask the question. Yeah, no, I'm not asking. That's on jeopardy. Smores candy. Where? Here we go. Hershey's Smores. Candy bars. They're just on, I just made it up. They suck by the way. Don't go get any. In fact, here's a big no. No. They're all going to play. Yeah, they're just, they're very, very bad. They're awful. And I was going to throw them off. That's something they make over campfires, you know. I understand, but they have a Smores. Hershey's new. It's new. It's new. They want a Smores. Hot narts too. When you want to do a candy bar. Smores. Anyway, those packs that Josh was talking about, and we all had 100 years ago. There was Hershey's dark and then regular Hershey's chocolate and crackle. We're the three little minis. Yeah. And my right bar. Yeah. Right. Oh, I missed you good, but it was like four. Like every year's performance. No. Yeah. I'm not back when I was a kid. Oh, I'm a year's ago. They had it been later. Well, see, that's why I should have been born later on. Well, they have them now. Like they only have three. They have the Hershey's chocolate, the crackle, and the Mr. Good Bar now. Not the Hershey's dark. No, not the Hershey's dark. The first time. The second time. The second time. The second time. The second time. The second time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The last time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The fourth time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The third time. The fifth time. The third time. The third time. The second time. The third time. and who just I this guy so good at scaring. We know that we are here. You know, he's a potter on top of a mountain somewhere where the big burly beer is fabulous. This and because he's been around and he tells him, and that's just not just the opinions. Everybody's got opinions. They're like, no, this is an asses. You know, everybody's got one. But he's got some insight because he's been around. Is the exception the best way to serve once country is the calm today by Doug Thompson. The handwritten note lay in the bottom door of my old roll top desk when I bought for $50 bucks in a junk store and Richmond for junior 39 years ago. He says, here Doug and Amy had read. Thanks for dinner and for listening. The signature was a bold John and the letter had on the note simply said, John B. Connelly that was dated July 14, 1982. I met John Connelly on a TWA flight from Kansas City to Albert Curkey earlier that year. The former Texas governor, the man who took one of the bullets from the assassination of killed president Kennedy, was headed to Santa Fe to buy a house. Where they see here, post. The meeting wasn't an accident. The flight originated in Washington. I sat in the front row of the coach cabin. During a stopping Kansas City, I saw Connelly get on the plane and sit under a first class seat. So I walked off the plane, upgraded to a first class seat right ahead of the governor. I never really wanted to meet the man who was with Kennedy on that day in Dallas in 63, but his communications director for the reelection campaign of congressman Manuel Luhan of New Mexico. I thought he might be one of me how Bob was a tough campaign. When the plane was in the air, I introduced myself said it was work on Luhan's campaign. Connelly's face was up and he invited me to move to the MTC next to him. How was man? Was there anything I could do to help he said? By the time we landed in the Albuquerque, he finally had agreed to do a fundraiser for Luhan, a month later he flew back into New Mexico where Amy and I picked him up for the fundraiser. Afterwards we took him to dinner. Connelly was both gracious and charming and told us many stories about Texas politics. As the evening were on and the multiple forbidden branch waters took to reflect, he started talking about November 22nd, 1963 in Dallas. You know, I was one of the ones who advised Kennedy to stay away from Texas Connelly, said Lyndon Johnson was being a real a-hole about the whole thing in insisted. Aha. Connelly's mood darkened as he talked about Dallas. When the bullet hit him, he said he felt like he'd been kicked in the ribs and couldn't breathe. He spoke kind of the abjacky Kennedy and seemed to be a hit by both her bravery and composure. I had to ask, did he think Lee Harvey Oswald fired the gun to kill Kennedy? Absolutely not, Connelly said, I don't for one second, believe the conclusions of the Warren Commission. So why not speak out? Because I love this country, we need to closure at the time. He said, I will never speak out publicly about what I believe. We took him back to Cache late flight to Texas. He shook my hand, kissed Amy on a cheek and walked up the ramp to the plane. We saw Connelly in his life a couple more times when they came to New Mexico, but he sold his house a few years later as part of a bankruptcy settlement. He died in 1993 and I believe never spoke publicly about how he doubted the findings of the Warren Commission. Connelly's notes, here's another reminder in our democratic Republican or whatever it's left of it. A few things are seldom as they seem. Mike, like him, I never accepted the findings of the Warren Commission that too many illogical conclusions. John Kennedy's death in the Datsets around it to this day marked the beginning of the end of America's idealism. The cynicism grew with the lives of Vietnam and the senseless deaths of too many thousands of young Americans in war that never should have been fought. Datsets about the integrity of those we elect as our leaders best suited days, this company finds itself embroiled in another senseless war based on too many lies. John Connelly felt he served as a company best by concealing his dance about the Warren Commission's white wash, but his silence may have contributed to the growing perception that a relatively large can rewrite history to fit their political agendas, or that agenda. And Connelly's spoken out as a high ranking political figure with dance about the official version of what happened. It might have set a signal at Americans deserve the truth from their government even when that truth hurts. Pretty interesting stuff, huh? Yes, it is. Well, not for the punk though. Who's John Connelly? Who is John Kennedy? Who does that? Huh? And who's Lee Harvey Oswald? He was just another crazed lone gunman, like Sir Hans Sir Ann. 747, I've known him as those. That's how many votes we got. 747. And I think Josh is right. We got an outside shot. If we really put the pedal to the metal baby, 747 votes in Charlottes and has to know that one. And he did his deal or her heart. I guess I guess Joe is too embarrassed to vote on there. Maybe he can't afford a computer working for XN. Tom Brady's got one, no? Anybody ever see it? 560, 560, 560, 560, and the Verizon singular wireless line. Nothing with that inventory man. Just wants to send me right to the bull. What are they thinking about? Are they adopting the Bruins doing the philosophy now going on the cheap? They hear we sit in Jeremy Jacobs mentality. Everything on the cheap? Is that what it is, Josh? Well, they don't want to pay him, man. Well, I want to say that. I want to say that. He is the hero. I mean, Brady's great. But if it is, if it is, the one kick call in field rules, one of those games. Yes, he is. And I'm glad he's gone. The less of the chance for you guys to win. We don't even plan the same conference with Tampa Bay, okay? Yeah, you are a hard ass man. You are doing the jealous. You are so jealous. You are so jealous. You wish you woke up tomorrow and you were found to be yourself to be Tom Brady. You only wish. Of course. Who doesn't? If I don't. George does. And George will want to be no Tom Brady. Well, maybe he would. Just for the money. They go next to that. No, I'll forget about the money. How about that blonde with one? Right. Someone, anybody wants. 17 QAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't hear Lee Marvin with the Honnetful. Lee Marvin should be on your man. Hard nose guy. Good. He was. Also, 20 foot was killed by Melody Thomas from the Young and the Restless in One Moving. He poisoned him. Young and the Hoony? Yes. Now, which one is she? She's the blonde on the Young and the Restless. She was like really young when she first started. She's like, well, which blonde? She played like a victor's wife. Yeah, victor's wife. Because, wow. What is her name on that show? Oh, she's a Vicki. I'm a Vicki. I can't take you. Okay. Thanks, baby. Go on. Marathon bar is good. Let's hit her. And you have there? Yeah. He's wrong about the age of barber E. He was younger when the show started. Haven't looked it up. Well, how old is she was? I think she was 26 to 27. Martin, we're going to Google it right now. Thank you. Thanks, pal. Okay. There's a way to go to IMDB. I don't have to. I'm busy doing a show. What? Go on IMDB and do, um, The horrible things I keep talking about in interviews. She was like 30. Listen to me. I'm going to have to hear about that. It was a little story of her age now. And then I'll show you when she was on the show. So we're going to do the math. Through the math as they say. Hate people say, through the math, you know. Oh, got what is stupid expression. Do the math, my ass. So what does it say? Barber Eden. You got there yet. You're so slow. I could already head all the info. Well, there goes your computer is slow. It took me to the movie. What? It took me to the movie. It took me to the movie. It took me to the movie. No, I don't care about no movie. Oh, the drawing. I'm getting the head. I'm going to late start. You're like, um, I'm in the head of me and I'm just starting right now. I'll be to the punch. I am the V. What is that TV stand for? Doosh? Doosh Barbrain Is that what it is, Joyce? Okay, here we go. Barbrain seven faces of Dr. Lau. She's murdered 31. Okay, so that makes it 31 get out of here. She's ancient teller She's 75 years old holy moly. She's older than I am and that's really old holy cow Okay, so 31 and where the hell is the TV show? Yeah good luck. I hate that I am D.V. You know I used to like him a lot right until this moment Why is that oh? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. No. No, wait a minute. She was that her in the seven faces of Dr. Ralau Or the two different bar I know but I'm looking at the one that has a picture of her on there, so oh Oh, that's her there she is. Okay. Well, that's that page will tell you when the show was on Nothing could be fine. I did a doer and Carolina is what it says Keep scrolling down All the way out at the bottom holy cow. She sure it had a lot of work. I'll say that entertainment tonight back from eternity West point highway I love loosely she was on I love loosely several episodes the millionaire with the Jay There's for tip them whatever his name was you never saw that show Larry King ah Biography you know it too now that's a Google I dream of Jeannie there. There you go now your kitchen Sonala these are going to have they're making is very difficult five 65 so I mean she was 34 So the call me a crack what you said she's about I knew she was over there she was she was 34 so that's So that she was like maybe it wasn't her birthday at 33 to make it even closer Make it seem like you're gonna head your thumb right on it and then you took a thumb off the bottle and Jeannie popped up Just like that. Oh Larry hanging bottle. He's been dying for a long time I think when it comes to celebrity deaths he's definitely doing My yeah all all the tabloids all that's all you read about Larry Hagman. He's got the new liver Right kids are important Holy moly We're by the end of you. He's got like some Canadian bacon on the new liver. I can't believe it. They still lie Very Hagman Mary Martin son by the way little tribute for that everybody knows food house Mary Martin She was Peter Pan that's who she was she's pretty bush when you come right down to it What what kind of a woman can tell you a name like Peter Pan even though he did float a little bit But nevertheless huh who don't put Mary Martin on it. That would be bad No, she was in that bank cart crash. No, how can you tell the difference? 765 votes on here if we can get up to 800 in four minutes We definitely got a shot Josh is like working on his feverishlies calling everybody in the phone book Look at the people who don't have a vote who is the most macho Lee Marvin Dale Earnhardt Chuck has done a raven for I guarantee it those four guys if they come knock it on your door man. It'll be a real miracle All the one again This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 All you guys lie you All you guys lie but this this whole thing is fortunate. I'm sorry You want to be the jump off the bridge of time jump some 40 years old not 20 There's your good ball for you proved it You know you've done this you've done that we're all supporting I've never heard that before It's all you guys lie It's you You All you guys lie It's a new date my son in this Hello I'm tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired Hello all you guys lie You you you you all you guys lie You want me to jump up to bridge of time and jump There we go. She's on the way down. It's just you zero Barry very rhymes with do fair anyway What was tip-munchies? Look at that Dale Earnhardt finally got a pair and leave Marvin got a pair Thank God for that and Tom Brady's got a pair. You know who else? What he has a pair well, they're about that never got to see him though Tom Brady's got a fair Steve Reeves one child in his name. We're on the ass and with none They will not give Raymond for a vote if they didn't know that Raymond Burwajay They all would be voting for him. You know right macho guy about Halon's burger old meat head Too much smoke and baby who was just done because they were smoking in upper storm somebody else is recently died I don't hold a lot of people Like that quit smoking in Faggot some tell you right now, man. They'll put your ass in a ground Jet bush plan shows disdain for education says and Garvey and Madison was constant capital times Jet bush your fat ass governor, but I tell you this is part of the neocontan have been trying for years to destroy a public education They're working in feverishly on it not to mention of course that second referendum on limiting class size which we'll get to see I still got my agenda here. Man I got my pile. Okay. Mm-hmm. I'm mixing in nationally. All right. Oh, we're candy bars Oh Henry. Why haven't I no Henry in a long long not that I want one And you'll be interested know I'm sure you're ready to do where I was does making a Henry ice cream and it sucks too I'll bet I have tried them all the smarty's ice cream Yeah, and in my scream and the stickers ice cream and the milky way ice cream and a Mars ice cream And we put it in those two at all their cases is just another sneaky way to try to sell you to vanilla ice cream However Turtles that messy that's the interesting part necessarily turtle is good. That's his nifty makes it right. Nestle doesn't make too many crappy ice creams Her too many bad products. Nestle is good. Fact Nestle is made smarties But her she's man her she's ever been to Hershey P.A. No, well, I want anybody go there just to get some free candy It's pretty stupid. You know I understand if candy was expensive I gotta understand why people go to the Heineken factory and I'm still dumb. This is to give their free samples You know in fact my last department the unsanitary one names to them Where we had to do you have it in work. Thanks to Bob for moves That was like just a few blocks from the Heineken plant. Aren't you excited about that? I know So there's a reason for you guys to go there to see the Heineken Hmm in fact Friendineken built the Europa hotel there and Amsterdam Right by the VV store I'm room room Driesman that's the second biggest department store in the city next to a divine corp well. I sure to my Amsterdam crap You know It's too bad. Too bad. I think I'm just gonna hang it all up for a tire and just go there right now I'll tell what all those aggravation man See I just and any little about him is what anybody get a group discount We can all use a good lobotomy well got rid of all what's going on at battery I've heard the hours of the GM Joe 1000 bottles around right It'll pan everybody in the back see that that's what the broodest did to you know Appatted sees you in the back doing and proud of his other heading at a knife That's the problem that did the fur right what is this great idea? Jet boys voucher pushing governor for to public schools be damned in future GOP nowadays for presents is he Sorry didn't think of bucket your seat belts a bill passed a Florida house with a push from a bush a push from bush That would force high school kids to declare their major field of study now keep in mind that Jeff doesn't mean to like public schools Too many profiles mixing with the rich kids, you know Which have friends he wants to reduce the drop-out rate with this cocky me scheme majors would include English and math or here's the real deal Occasional feels like carpenterian auto repair according to press reports is this exciting why not sports is a major? After all Florida state already provides scholarships for that growing field without requiring a working knowledge of English Perhaps the high schools could have their own car wash and auto repair shops to raise money for other less Rather than underfunded programs such as biology physics and literature other ideas for courses come to mind like surviving while in prison or how about a major in creationism? Here's the best part Jim would oversee districts with poorly performing schools and pay teachers bonuses based on factors like top performance and how many minority or first students They are school head can't you hear Jeff grilling teachers? Why how come so many kids and regular courses where they fail come on how about pushing car repair? You do want a bonus note, sir. Thank you Jeff bush. Thank you no child left behind. Thank you whoever you are what a great idea Pause the moment ask if our country's thrown on the towel on future generations I think we have maybe I'm just not smart enough to figure out why it's a good thing for school to focus on reading a math only And effort is New York Times reported to meet the loopy no child left behind law This is written I already told you at Derby capital times a Madison most constant while bush apologists argue that NCL being no child left behind raises performance levels of four schools experts one if I reduce in the academic menu to meet in potatoes Schools risk giving board teams message that school means repetition and drilling in time says and board students don't learn They drop out on the way to the criminal justice system and these folks lost their minds and factically know they haven't the goal of the neocons is to destroy public education to build the man for vouchers and overall privatization of our primary and secondary schools in our universities L I waste money educating poor performers this money could be used to train kids for real jobs in the new world economy Listen to the neocons read what they're saying they don't like government and they're helping on destroying it Follow the bush logic reduce funding for schools reduced the number of teachers spend less on special education and gifted and talented programs Teach to the math and English tests drop the arts and more and more parents will be begging for vouchers So the kids can attend the Bradley Foundation School of Education and Creationism as for the poor kids Well the Bible says the poor will always be with us because they can learn how to wash cars do layoffs instead of the Bible Hey, we didn't make them poor. They had a choice So don't hold back my kid because the poor may allow these choices please Well now we and Wisconsin can relax because we have the best public schools in the country Okay, I won't Minnesota aren't bad either, but we certainly put Florida South Carolina, Louisiana the shame-dally Not questions for how long the same the Ocon foundations pushing jib bushes nutty idea worked the Wisconsin legislature to greatly expand vouchers in the walkie While burning the public schools the same forces have reduced spending on our university system while spending like drunk and sailors on prisons The same forces keep revenue calves in place We do some equality of our public schools while the condemned teachers because the teachers have health care and pensions The bar variance around the gate, but they're very well dressed We better awake and before the disturb public education by privatizing our system while offering only vocational training to the non-wealthy in our state Good article and right on the heels of that You know the governor that's a fat ass governor that had devious plans the first time right well if and if it first you don't succeed It's a spank here. Wonka bar Yeah, well I know you had a brand of Wonka bar. I've seen the Wonka bar. I'm talking to them. I'm telling you there's some other athlete beside the Reggie bar There was somebody else had a candy bar and I can't think of it as it's gonna be very embarrassing when we get all done You know like the Danny marino bar, so I'm like that. Yeah, maybe it was the Dennis Rodden bar all nuts Wonka bar. Shump with that on there. I never heard of it. Yeah, it's it. It's a thing Okay, why should I go to list for tomorrow man? We kill Eric season. She's gonna plots can probably go on to the US 711 Governor fan asked governor is I would jab bush pushed or what his bush is push to water down the states class size Caps nearly past it's first major hurtling Republican control center yesterday The measures survived in a party line vote, but even while she voted for it Senate education chair Evelyn Lynn voiced quams and they're growing questions whether the 40 members Senate come us or the 24 votes needed to put the proposed constitutional amendment of our umbrella I've had great concern over what the voters really want But I think it's important that we fully vet this issue is very important to our states at Lynn Republican a warm on beach We already had a vote on this and they got to set to you as break so Tommy said with overlamming support from South Florida State voters in 2002 approved an amendment that said a limit of 18 students in grades Cree K through three Twenty two students and grades four through eight and 25 students in high school the strict caps are supposed to be met by 2010 and recent state polls indicate the voters don't want them repeal or weakened But your fat ass governor and legislatures Republican leadership are pushing to soften the caps They have VVS plans saying Florida can't afford a voter classroom treated to meet that mandate They have proposed increasing the K5 five students and law and school districts to comply through code teaching or sign signing two teachers to one class Meaning a high school class that has many of 60 students if two teachers are assigned to it That's way 60 to sweeten the pot for voters before they smoke it a provisions been added mandate to all school districts Fendally 65% of their budget in the classroom although no one is defined exactly what a classroom expense is or what that'll mean to the individual school districts These politicians just can't seem to understand Floridians want smaller class sizes not propaganda and Parvoured tracer Damian Filer a strokeman for the Fent Florida's class size amendment a coalition and includes state teacher union and the Florida AFL CIO while the Florida school boards association supports it for both amendment the Brown and Palm Beach County school boards are opposed The voters approved class size the board supports the voter so funded said burn pickup Crawford lobbyist for Palm Beach County schools Is that like Cindy Crawford pickup Crawford how about Keith Crawford? What was that what was the kid on that awful show? Johnny Crawford on that country west was that show? Sorry some cowboy show Johnny Crawford. He ended the school board opposed to 65% solution because the places restrictions Uncontradutially elected officers and it's smoke and mirrors a Florida speciality smokey just like that bullet train Here comes Georgia slack lobbyist for Brown at school said the county would like to see the class size amendment modified If the legislature doesn't fund it, but sees the 65% version as a violation of home rule To most of the required three fifth super majority vote of each has to get the amendment on a fall ballot the proposals being championed Chamber by the incoming leadership Senate president doesn't make can prove it Republican approaching loosely and the anxious House big redezing aid Marco Rubio Republican to Miami both whom take their on new offices in November Marco Rubio my ass This maintains the spirit and integrity of plan size It doesn't undermine or undo it said pro it who said a district extends into Palm Beach County even should this pass We still would have the most rendered class size law in the land and it goes on, but it would put about it was down to where there's a will There's a way it's a civilizat's and Senator Ron Klein Democrat of Volca a member of the Seminary Education Committee that improved the measure And a five and three vote two the morning the people of Florida said they wanted smaller class sizes except the legislature to fund it and for local school board And get it done. Get it done. Okay, you jackass and one of the best ways to get that done is make sure that the perimituals don't raise as much money as they could with those slots Because that's what they affect as governor legislature want but let's do everything in our power to make sure it fails So we can say see to all yeah, oh my god, it's just you know, it's a catch 22 But a horrible horrible state, you know, it's just really sad. It's a nice palm trees the ocean on occasion when it's not filled with all kind of schmutznull look too bad You know, that's a nice beaches and not so much down here, but like in other parts of the state like like you said that nice beets in Panama City before all them Board of game Christians came in where I do a new thing on the beach This is Neil Rodgers in condoms in the water You do not belong in here. You damn crack yet. Oh look at that, please Okay Oh What I wanna go um i wanna go I'm going to die. I'm going to die for my life. I'm going to die for every one of you. I have come to life my writing from me. On those days, I want to die. I'm going to die for my life. You're fair, you're all. You're all. I don't care who you are. You're fair. I want to escape my life more. Here mylis mantle and smell is always cool. I want to go home with the living spirit. I want to die I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. Probably 18. I thought I really knew if the website, I bet you haven't seen this one yet. Probably going to candy bars. It's SMM.org slash bunch of stuff. And they got cross sections of all these different candy bars. And then you got to guess, you click on them and they'll tell you. But you got to guess what they are. I'm saying, okay. Let's keep in. Now what was the one you were seeing Mars bar? Okay. You claimed that had coconut? I did the claim. I thought. No. I'm looking at the cross section of a Mars bar right now. And Mars has got like, you know, Mars, you know, Mars, you know, a little fluff and nuts. And that's it. That's it. I mean, I don't claim this. No, the ones with coconut. I'm looking at them right now. I'm looking at them right now. But loaded with coconut is on the joy and bounds. Okay. That's what you do with it. I should have put my mouth with my lars. No, I see. Well, some of my models were. I'm not a candy bar expert. Didn't claim. Well, here's what I got so far. I sure have expanded this list. I got for tomorrow's pool. What's your all-time favorite candy? And of course, I should probably say candy bar. But, you know, that would it. What you probably got. It doesn't stuff on there. So what? That's that candy bar. No, it's candy. And so it's like, um, uh, cracker jack and fiddle crack in munch and fiddle fattle. But there's another one beside those, which, uh, Oh, what is it called? Very much the same stuff like crunch and munch. It'll come to me. Watch him a call that can bring a product. I spelled it right. Mars bar, Snickers Clark bar, Mounds, I'll enjoy a smores. Which you didn't even know was a candy bar. Shame on you, but don't get it. It sucks. Okay. M&M's cracker jacks smarty. It's fiddle fattle score crunch and munch, Heath bar. Hershey bar. And that's just the plain old pedestrian one. Crunchy. It's Canadian. A whole bunch of these are Canadian Kit Kat turtles. Crispy crunch and other one. Milky way dark. We just play Milky way caramel. Caramelow. Never have a caramel. I think shrimp Oscar tier is Mr. Good bar. Charleston Chu. Walk a bar. Marathon bar. Zagnet bar. Butterfinger. Payday. Reces. Biddha honey. M&M peanut. What if that's Robert Recer? Hershey with coffee and almonds. Oh, man. That's good stuff. Nesslies. Crackle. Baby Ruth. Oh Henry. Rolo, Twig's hero. That's why it's got all the bubbles in, you know? Sports is suck on it. I see. You understand this spot for arrow? No. It's okay. Horrible candy bar and it's definitely anyone as min's. I believe. What do you know? But the shaped like Is a sucker or candy bar. But you're supposed to bite into it and like it's got bubbles like, like, the it's like, um, tummous. Like coral. You know what I'm saying? The the interior of it, okay? look at the cross section I'm looking at it right now and see that in the second. You're supposed to let it melt in your mouth and oh all the bubbles like burst in your body it doesn't mean I don't know that works. No, so, bad candy. Mr. Big coffee Chris Nubbacon, Indian, Indian, Indian, Indian, Baranan and 100 grand. I was that a pretty impressive list or what? We didn't put milk on there for John Jarras for obvious reasons. Thanks for that candy bar again, John. Not, not as in Nazi, John. That was such an active lunacy man. I said here my sugar kept taking my blood sugar. Remember when I plugged in, 45 a little to show? I mean if you're going to send me something that she would send me something good, not a crappy, plain old milk bar. Oh, fat! Man, even in the pervary and else they would throw they would throw crap at you if you give them that. God, go to Europe and S.A.B. and come up with this milk bar. That's pretty sad, John Jarras. Pretty weak. Of course, they're Nazis, you know, they like like to hang out together. Then good name, good out too much. A life size sculptor of an naked Britney Spears needing on a bare skin rug. And she gives birth will be on display in this month at Brooklin's Kaplock Testing Fine Art Gallery. See this might be candly wretched and Britney a little bit. No, really? I saw this statue as the Basin Pictures. Oh. That sculpture is to appear next to a display case filled with anti-abortion materials. It was created by Daniel Edwards who said it never spoke to the 24-year-old Pompster or Met her and fashion their face and figure from photos. I admire her. This is an idealized figure at Woodson to then a phone interview from his home, which is near his studio and Moose up Connecticut, Moose up. Everyone is coming in with anger and venom or is that venom. But I'd deported her as she is depicted herself seductively, suddenly she's a mom, your mama. Spears was married to her former backup dancer, the aushes and grotesque Kevin Feeder line gave birth to their son Sean Preston last year. He's the couple's first child. I wonder if he's kind of Billy Preston. Was there any of that song? Billy Preston and something about the dance in the, what was that? Oh, am I gonna have to look that up? I got it all right here. Billy Preston. You keep me dancing. Nothing from nothing. Nothing from nothing. That's the Billy Preston. Very good. That was it. That's it. That's that. Nothing. That's nothing from nothing. He also had. Yeah, what is that called? Will it go right in circle? Will it go right in circle? Will it go right in circle? That's the one I was thinking about. Will it go right there? It's a one of several different, the singer's publishing is that's uh... Britney Spears. Leslie Sloan Zelnik did the media to respond to requests for comment from the ANP. When song bloggers heard about the exhibit, monument to pro-life the birth of Sean Preston. The gallery said we received about 3,000 emails from around the world in just a week split between anti-avortion and abortion rights opinions. We also got calls from Tokyo, England, France. Some people are upset that Britney's been used for the subject matter to get her own or David testing. Here she is, she's a fashioner ass all over the place and she's being used for a bunch of so-called right-to-life propaganda by the fetus huggers, others who are pro-life thought this was the great into their movement and some pro-choice people have said that this was a pro-life monument, pro-life my ass. All these masses out there that scream about immigration. How come Lou Dobbs is not in the test again in the pulper we've not done CNN huh? All these unwanted babies, all these people procreating and reproducing like rabbits and cockroaches, that's a big big part of the problem in Latin America, baby and I do mean baby, man, all they unwashed and unwanted masses, because they want to please the pope you know? It's your fault, your people, man, your religion, your religion and your people, all those Indians from Mexico. So you're going to the Indians by the way, I don't want to get into it, then we'll get a memo from the new sales manager. And whatever you do, don't ever again say, you can't say that because I don't understand how that could piss anybody off. Can you? That was the previous, that was Raymond, Curtis Raymond Burr. He hadn't excuse for everything you know, kind of like a present group we got. And by the way, fat boy don't ever email me again, ever, if you're unless you croaked, if you're croaked and send men you're dying gasping while sending emails saying just say, I'm dying on the way, I'm going to be like a sitting ovation. I just imagine that again to them during that last break, how was psychic or you? Really? Well, when did he say, I went into the magic room and I don't want emails from him, especially about Scott for other stuff that's got nothing to do with business, okay? If you want to send me something about a new account, you sold which it'll never go mad. I just told him not to email you well, I've ever again, period to lose it. Good. And what did he say? He said, all right, Kelly. Yeah, screw him. What a what an idiot. The fact that he's still there. Hi, how are you? Tells me that they got a lot of work to do, back in clean in that place back out of it, or in sales that boiler room. Screaming yellow zonkers that can't eat like cracker jacks. I, you know, I think I do know what that is. The box was fun to reroll much, you know, especially after smoking a big fat when it says, screaming yellow zonkers. Is that new yonkers? I don't know, I'd have never heard it. Would bullet Bob Meyer call the races at yonkers raceway? Here comes Jimmy Marron on the outside. And Carmine, the red man just went up and he heard the wire all my own. And here is the D and F do place. 26 past new rots. I missed the fat man. You know, he's a good guy. He was, he was okay. The fat man. But he's dead. Oh, I'm talking about fat boy back there in sales. I'm talking about your buddy fat rich. Oh, I'm okay. Yeah, I'm sure. I'm like some of my other friends who have nothing but great distinct. Or is it hit away right? The other way around for someone. But, you know, they all like it. Yeah, yeah, right. Except the right. 26 past new and at five, 60 WQA and being outdoors a lot in South Florida, we need comfortable shoes. So the only place to go is brand these shoes in popular beach. While in your Tussies right over there, man, brand these carries major brands like floor shine, echo, mafisto, rock port, touch puppies, new balance, and tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women. And they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes for those of you with those fat, grotesque feet. Brandy shoes is the largest independent true retailer in all South Florida. And when you see the selection and value, you get a brandy's. You understand why I always have been raving about them. But he's past many, many years. Go see our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure you get the right fit at the right price every stinking time. Speaking of where your feet smell. That's how they know you when you walk in. Brandy's is like an apartment store where you have to wait a long time to get personal service. And then after you finally get waited on this saying, oh, you like those shoes? Well, guess what? Don't have it in your size because the only thing they do do at Brandy's is shoes. So you don't have to worry about size selection service and certainly about unbeatable prices too. Brandy's shoes, you'll find them at 12.19 or federal highway and pumping the beach between Atlantic and Copens on the East Side, can't miss it. Brandy's open every day, Monday through Saturday, till nine every Sunday till five. And this week is a stupidness of smart time to buy naturalizes at Brandy's because all great women styles are 10 bucks extra off. So come out of the store this week or shop for shoes on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. Oh, the crap you could unwrap all this slime all the time. I had a day for you. You have. He says, who did mo? With mo? How did I have? I'm more having a day than whatever. Now you listen to me. I got unfinished business with that day when I read about I record it. I stand before you know, but my previous statement probably in hand. There ain't no national guard in I recce. National guard. I'm going to have a no. I'm going to be in here. I just can't wait. But I mean, I want to do my thing here. I'm going to have a do it in there. I'm going to do it in there. Better at just a single hand. Now, scrap. Oh, where was I? Oh, yeah. And another thing. Who's told me for no war in I write? Ginger Baker's Air Force, but your claims in a pit helmet. Ah, well, that's pit. Joyce has in the pit. Nobody knows what I said anyway, but don't stop me now. I'm on fire, Dad. Like scissor. Catch. Why I'm the scissor. Hey, now I want a place in a low, this new life of leisure. A bed. Why allow you know I'm not a hot rob of skeletal women by a pool. They, they like my nice back. I got a play in strip my John. Yeah. But I want to tell you, this is Prozult for my turtle for drive. Or you guys don't got it, huh? But you're wish I hadn't me back. Well, not have you out of life. But right, don't judge. You're going to see me. That's really dumb again. See you. Well, yeah. Well, oh, I speak at a mom's ear. Prompt 32, 28 to one. We got, what do we got today? We got courtesy to, unfortunately, Eric Reed, who talks to restators like Dave Strader, who does the pants against on TV. It was talked to their team. Like that affected. I have the out with the cursus 330 half an hour, even handled. My dog is four who has to follow where it's read. And then the pants are pretty good seven or five. Men followed by the pants are at the penguins from the igloo, the civic arena, the ancient building there in Pittsburgh, where their whole place is falling apart. And the lights keep going out. And that's another must win. It just didn't. You got to win almost every game. I know that sounds ridiculous. But a man in your position can afford to look ridiculous. So it's a big game for your pants. There's any interest. And then just the act of the game. We'll probably be hot and hot. He and so we'll have no audience. Five year old expelled her bringing gun to class. Said, told him about that this morning. Right. You didn't seem to be all that. You were all the way to 22. Yeah, that's right. A kindergarten student in fur crate walking with us. Well, for 10 days after you brought a 22 caliber gun to school officials said, it's kindergarten for crisis. Right. The five year old board time from a chair onto a washer dryer and got an unloaded pistol out of a cupboard at home police said, he showed a friend of gun on the Wittier Elementary School playground and then put it back into a friend's backpack. Police chief John Sheesman said, the boy never made any threat until the principal of Wittier Dunmond. It was expelled immediately said, patty homegun, a spokesman for the Tacoma school system. Police confiscated the piece. School officials were investigating classmates have been reminded not to bring guns into the school. And letter on the incident has been sent to parents of Wittier students home. The boys parents tried to keep the gun out of his reach. It didn't stir ammunition with it. So no criminal charges are likely to pull these chief said, the boy now realizes he shouldn't have brought the pistol to school. He's been said. He just should have shot that little girl next door. There was an understanding that he shouldn't have done it. That what he did was wrong. Wasn't that good? Yeah. It looks good. It's learned and don't take the gun to school. Don't take your, what's that sound? Don't take your, uh, something to town. What's that sound? Country song? Can you go to the, uh, Ruby? Don't take your, Ruby. Don't take your, or craft the town, right? Speaking of that, all what a segue. Speaking of craft. Somebody, one of your least favorite people. Let me give you a little bit of clue. Remember I talked about the seals. You painted a few. Look, the road and crud. And I'm, every tell you about the time that Kenny Rogers was sitting across from me at the table. There's a pump in a park in the dining room. Eating is dinner watching the race. Yes. Tell you about time. I hope it has got to tell you about that. There's one time the former manager of your Florida Marlins. At the same table, right? You're crossing then on the other side, there was P. Rose at other time when at Fluzzi, when I fixed that $100 bills that disappeared like somebody did a, like, crescan was there doing a vanishing act. Ruby. Yeah, I came to Rogers. I like, I was about to know what he asked me for in my experience. Very, uh, green. I was, okay, about to say that. And the first edition. Well, I was the original. That was, that song and also, uh, don't tell me the first one. That was, uh, was that it? No, there was another one they had. Well, uh, was something you're conditioned your condition is in, right? And you picked a fine time to leave me Lucille? Right. But what was the other one? The just, what was the name of that? Look at something about, I mean, I can look it up if I have to. Henry Rose was the first edition. It was on reprise records on Orange Label. Well, you think they'd alphabetize it. Oh, come on, how many could there be for come? I'm going to finish. All right, and they here. Oh, is this a me, you're hurting? What is it? No, no, no, no. Let's be this one is getting heavier. Maybe it's getting weight. You know that I'm getting to be old and, and feebrile. You can't even, there's Rome. There's the Roman stuff. There's Tommy Row. Hey, Tommy Row and Sheila. Susie Darwin. Oh, I have dare he. That was Luke. There was his name. Look, where's his and Luke help him? Who did she, Sheila? I mean, Susie Darwin. Just dropped in to see where conditioned my condition was in. That was a top 10 hitman. It was number five, 68. What is that? That you're, oh, Ruben James, that's a good song. By them? Yeah, Kenny Rogers in the first edition. Ruben James, you don't have that. That's a good record, man. No, this is top 40. That must have been like, Parker or something. Well, didn't make it. No, I was 26 in 1969. I could go to the car and get my, Kenny Rogers greatest hits. But this is Kenny Rogers in the first edition, right? No, I got all that sort. Before they brought his name out there, we just the first edition and just dropped in to see what conditioned my condition was in was number five in 1968. I've played that on the way to his a district. All year in luck, I have the CD right here of one. Kenny Rogers greatest hits all of them all the way back to the beginning of time. How about Lucille? I was a Kenny Rogers solo and she believes in me and you decorated my life and don't fall in love with a dreamer. Kenny Rogers with Ken Carns. And what are we doing in love? Donnie West with Kenny Rogers. And we've got tonight with Kenny Rogers and she and the Easton. And I like islands in the stream with Kenny Rogers and her big boots. And what about me? Kenny Rogers, Kim Carns and James Erom. When it weren't busy doing that, we are the world. What is it? We're going to win it here. Really, this is what's happening. All right. Oh, right. 1968. Oh, we'll cut this one. Each of our songs, Ron St. John. Bob Hamilton, the loser. I've got we got ready to take you over. That's good song. And you mentioned it. What? Century register. And I'd rub as on. Ruby Jane. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He has song and one song. It's been time can to be impressed. Okay, that's enough. Not Kenny Rogers. He's all right. You mentioned it. Yeah. What's going to happen? You mentioned a song. You're going to have to kill some good time. Yeah. I love that country music. You're killing bad time too. Cross from the people. This is one of my favorite tokens though. Yeah, you're talking about the final West y'all. I'm good religions man. I go to church and I was sent this a church. I'm one corner and I'm far right across. That's right. We'll get taken. Thanks a lot. And that's true. I feel that. It's your president. What's the sum trick that was like he's copping a cheap field there. Yes. Measley, I was that. See that? No, unfortunately. He was a good little squeeze there. What's the sum flush on us? He's no. Anyway, speaking of that, calling the seal hunt bar Barric bombshell actress Pamela Anderson. Oh, they're a couple of Roberts. She might come in ooze on them. Has asked for a meeting. She might have spread some of her diseases here. Has asked for a meeting with Prime Minister Steven Harper following her hosting duties at Sunday's Juno Awards in Halifax. Nova Scotia as a proud Canadian. You knew for all I forgot that she would have tried to forget. Yeah. And so it's most akin to her. DePorter. No thanks. As the proud Canadian, you know, frequently travels abroad. I'm alarmed that people are starting to see Canada as a country more beholding to a pack of greedy hunters and to these skills, a seal skin faction wins of a few countries than to the massive international outcry against the hunt. Anderson of Oklahoma, number of PETA said in the letter, FACES DARPA's Orifice. One of the biggest problems facing the US government is appearing a loof about its own hostile or something rather. And there's something to line this in here. Anderson is from Lady Smith, BC, since she wants to visit Ottawa to meet with Harper on Monday. The seal hunt with third last weekend is a fair attractive plenty of celebrity protesters this year, including former Beagle, Paul McCartney, his wife Heather Mills. Speaking of Donna Mills, Bridget Fardo visit Ottawa earlier this month asking for a meeting with Prime Minister, but was refused singer Morrissey, he said he won't include Canada on any tours until the seal hunt ends. Oh, how can we survive without him? Next thing, you know, it'll be Ann Murray making those comments. Remember him? Yes, I do. Harper has repeatedly defended the seal hunt saying the Canada is the victim of a bit of international propaganda. He says a jackass man, such a space hole. Okay, let's put Ann Murray on the fold. They don't come too much to push you to Ann. Right about there. Wow. And how about Ann Bishop? Oh, how do we get it? Oh, Ann Bishop. Well, God aside, Adam, but who's the most mantra? I mean granted she's a six feet under, but so most of these people, a lot of them. Eight fifty four. See, we get enough of the did module people on there. Oh, yeah. He did minute. Can I admit it that I like some Ann Murray's music? Is that okay? You can admit it. I like some of my great songs. I don't mind it. I can't stole it from Kenny Loggins, but what are you going to do? Yeah. Well, I'm thinking of you. I can name an Ann Murray song. Like this one. They bad. They're all pretty good. This is make a, I don't mind this singing. I just mind her mustache. Yeah, that's true. I have a, yeah, but how about that? How about that old bag into Orleans at Black Chickery? Have you been to my stage member that with an actor Katrina? Oh, that was a little bit of a mustache boy. He never knew he was going to put it on there. Man, she had like a full lip. That was a squirrel that got one. He can keep saying throw him in or live on the end. Oh, brother. That was, this was recently. You ought to be able to own her. Your, your, your quattro says to see it. They are ways of whatever that thing is. George went out there trying to be a young, uh, hipster doing it, uh, new style. Oh, what's old? He's seven votes. Well, we, we better, hurry this thing up. We better get over 900 by the top of the hour. I don't want to push the audience too much, but this is more important than it was. This is like a big ego trip. If we don't get to a thousand by two of clock, people will be, uh, in Tom Jacob, probably write a big comment on a front page of the uh, son Sentinel. He's failing. He's falling. He's slipping. Yeah, let's screw you. Time. You don't like to show. We don't care. The show isn't for you anyway. Time you're too freaking old. You're an old poot. 19 to one a Q.A.A. This is easy. New Rogers. This is 5 16 two. A watch. And culture is a party girl party girl. Party girl. And culture is a party girl. Party girl. Party girl. Party girl. Yeah, ingen. The other back. Mitar's friend. Yep. yeah We're a mission mode making liberal the dirty one you know in a mini-star showing capital And told to know what they could be in a mini skirt that's no She's a tall drink water on the side of the lawn on her with a back alley up to be like a broad solid It's got some money. She'll spread those things with the city red and a sharp net and Soldering children Wait 47 and five 60 remember that's not my Bob Dylan lady lady lady. Anyway. Here's a fact. It's for my buddy Canon Tobacco He says that cracker jack slash crunch and much alternative you're looking for his poppy cock and you are You know How could I get cock especially with Rick reminding us all the time right? Thanks mr. Weaver. That's Mr. Weaver to you sir You don't make mistakes can't stop it. Oh, I think so. I can good man having a son I feel better now as a matter of fact Well, no, I can't because I see it in the like shoppers and drug Marwan the big drug chains here They got poppy cock all the time I mentioned this to you once before not that you need to hear this you can buy in a can because you know how people dig through for the crunching nut clusters Yes, you can buy just poppy cock nuts and it's great in the big can And that's what it's called I'm the vice of today Really, I'll bring it in well, what kind of nuts are those? I think a copy cock now comes listen to me. It comes in like Butter like almond and it comes in like a couple other kind of nuts. I'll just say like well You can no I could be a man. It could be a walmas maybe there's like two or three them you know different colored because they come in those four packages You know and they're you know, they also come in the drums you're talking about and right You know exactly and you can get just the nuts and they're fused together with that Sir whatever with a coffee right Obviously, you made your teeth stick together. Oh, shall I was the nuts and got the top beyond them? That's right without the top coin stuff That's right. Yeah without the end of that I need to do what you into a coma in an hour. Oh, just the aroma will pull me in a coma I love that stuff. I'm gonna go get some. Yeah I'm hate or a port now. Okay, I've had it poppy cock. Thanks a lot, can't ask a go any proud of this Soviet-Ebrlis County the world's biggest crook next to the bush family Sidney would be happy to grant a song to an afghan man who could have received the death penalty for his Conversion from Islam to Christianity. I said that we're very glad to be able to welcome someone who's been so courageous Voralisco and he said Wednesday, according to a shposhman Sylvia Berlisco and he who don't like satire so it doesn't allow any on the state run a TV Titan TV he owns the channel so he can make it up as he goes along any does It only doesn't know whether the convert I'm to a rock mine Even except in the side of offer maybe you can go to the way Elvatic Hill the Vatican and convert to our Catholicism Maybe they can baptize his ass and the rest of it. You know that whole baptism thing. Oh Yeah, I'm not really sure which of the rituals just sends me an orbit the most you know Whether it's of course we just had that ass Wednesday and I find out there actually are idiots to put asses on their forehead because I mean told him to do it I mean these religious rituals but the baptism. Well, what is all that? That's a way to get your money to ritual you got to pay for it I mean Jesus I mean I don't get it. I got it's out did you in the take here Dunkin donut now if you want a Dunkin donut that's a drive to does that count But believe that don't you and the Italian capital was expected to formally vote on the asylum issue The Sanctanoon which it's already like let's see a seven o'clock so they're when he voted Rockman was released from an Afghan prison yesterday is whereabouts are not immediately known because he's lay in low He's mighty low and good at the good thinking He was being held by Afghan authorities for becoming a Christian which is punishable by death on risk lawnmots law I mean This is just madness man madness many Muslim characters in the country called for his death and said even if he were free Disclif would be in danger Then they will fear you they said Osman head of it in Osman ahead of a rossman spirit leads critics wrote present homin cars I also has a same to me asking him to rent Western Asians from interfering with the religious practices and customs about A thousand people demonstrated mosa ishia refiesta day chanting death to America and death to George Bush on Monday But it would be put up and goes on and it's not So maybe he'll write up in Italian or he'll be safe You know maybe the The carbonieri can protect him or the guys that fight the mafia seance is Sicilia maybe you go to Corleone You can have that bodyguard what was in the fabric you? That's right. I don't the body I still say and he does say that in that Spanish it's not Italian and you should say I do me How about duck bar baby the 40 says doesn't do make candy bars now to be sad ice cream? They make the the little nuggets so they qualify You don't tell them there. I just put duck a soap on the ways of a dove who'd held in that for a one husky And the way there's no white up see bravacca ones just that but I bet you're for a one husky still dead too What else do for scenes you gone? There actually were some big country hits way back when that cross door in the pop charts all the past Now if you can find this next song I'm gonna go on the I've got So fast in the week you don't have since you've gone Huh? No, no, this is it. Oh, that was his biggest hint. I do believe since you've gone anyway Columbia records. I would say 58 Marty Robbins a white pink was vice-vorko in a pink carnation a white spin coat No tour. Maybe that song of course. I used to play that. Oh, I love it Jay. It's a good song But I love it in the kitty like Johnny Horton a little bit too. It might be a little bit to you over here somewhere That as much as Nathan Horton always kind of goofy looking kid. He's pretty good player and Tim Horton of course How about some a role of the room to win a Tim Horton? You want some of that Tim Horton's coffee if it's free that course is sure that mentality of the Canadians man There's a Canadian soldiers now Afghanistan who are doing the thing that the Americans just kind of bailed out on Another one another Canadian got killed over there yesterday and in American too But anyway the one thing they missed the most is Tim Horton's coffee See Tim Horton was more than just a hockey player is like an institution until he got killed driving drunk That's the idea where oh yeah powerhouse candy bar. Let's get that. I do remember that. That was pretty good Ever the powerhouse. Yes, I do not bet it all Was almost as good as Jack for a house which he wanted to do it chocolate covered dance new get not whipped like a milky bar milky way They came in a blue wrapper. They used to be my favorite in college gone since 80s powerhouse I put it on the pole This is a goofball from vote for tomorrow Well, we got two S on polls going in. Are we gonna get that thousand a Josh? What do you think what do we got? 1253 and we got we got what we got what are we got? 81. Oh, we got a shot. We definitely got a shot. We can do it if you really ripped the audience an ass if you just tear into Man in the next hour. Well scrawl and Bishop and Anne Marie don't have any votes as most much Or what's wrong with you people Raymond Ver finally got one if he can get one how come not and Bishop Billy Jean King's got three time Brady's got five you see that five people will realize and a frame in verking Tom Brady's got five he's a macho guy. I tell you one thing you sure can take a lot of hits, you know Even George can't do that many hits water watch me. It says here. Oh, touchy roll my god. What are we what is wrong with my love to two rolls? You do sure I haven't I haven't had a touchy roll in about a thousand years. Oh, you're filling is out But that's how fun. Oh, and also fifth avenue bar This list is so I'm thinking I'm still gonna be able to read it. I'm sure not be right in it. I could like you When I text this to him he's gonna like weapons knows with it. Yeah fifth avenue like a card bars And no fifth avenue is not like a card bar at all, okay? I hate I don't think so anyway no longer made It's a milkshake bar my favorite milkshake bar never heard of it that I know it now Never heard of it my favorite it's a well It's probably this right to be pressed Anyway, so fifth avenue bar of course And to zero fact we love to see roll off of their indicates to me that you aren't making a fifths in that room They're keeping you locked out that's tells the apartment You know something if I was they might be spending all my time in there too because they sure are not something I've been most of my time in the tea room doing the green apple coach stuff I wondered about where I was gonna be working a few weeks when I was gonna find the cages on To a bunch of lungheads we got back there and then I find out Todd Drek who has no accounts on the show Oh, he's on vacation on your estimates that you gotta be on permanent vacation What a jackass Todd Drek Why this story has been on my pile for days now and I really is so important, you know Let's be just never get all my crap right. We're also the other damn ball game yesterday for quite a lot We want to do four hours. We beg them please rainy quade. I don't like him at all of you He's annoying. He's all right. No, I don't like him He's thought the lawsuit plenty was done in by producers of broadcast mounting TMZ Which is this website obtained a clear crack in your knuckles again. Okay, disconcerting a tent a copy lawsuit File last third day in L.I. Superior court claiming producers falsely representative of the him is a low budget arthouse film with no prospect of making any money Quade claims the representation of a ruse from the beginning for Ocasus grossed about 160 million Oh, that's sad quades suit claims that in 2004 him went with director angley who offered him the role of Joe Aguri the suit legends that lead told quade We can't pay anything we have heard a little money everyone's making a sacrifice to make this film The suit doesn't specifically say how much quade made the best time that the offense Were engaged in a movie laundering scheme decided to obtain the services of town such as Randy quade on economically unfavorable Art film terms the suit asks for $10 million in damages as well as punited damages It also seeks restitution for all ill gotten gains It'll gotten games because he wasn't in it. I think like that. He only grossed 160 million man if he would have just been in it right Right, they got a lot of ill gotten booty. Oh That's what I heard up there in the mountain rectum 257 speaking and voting will chief of staff to be oh Oh This is not a tumor is the one the two hour It is Rosa Pots ain't nobody ever hired as accurate average in ha sure Rosa Pots wrote on the bus my check-in Robinson was an intelligent man and played with balls in a major league of a children's game I mean like I mean come on who's done more put a black community Rosa Pots or Jackie Robinson Jackie Robinson was my hero why I can remember when I was a much younger man and Jackie He was working at the jack full of nuts. I walked up to him took his hand to the dead and said to you What are my hero? Like a pair of coffee and night it black you think Rosa made coffee that heavily More television. What do you want? Yes, Mom. I think what you're doing Hey, hey wait a minute wait a minute. Oh, whoa whoa Are you a black man? Yes, you can't tell of it a phone who did more put a black community Rosa Pots or Jackie Robinson Separate things what you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism Not that I'm a journalist Oh, he must have been a disconnected through no fault of my own only any time pal You're one of the high tones more. How did it end? Oh, I said what I said I don't get any wrong here. It goes up like this who did more for a black community Rosa Pots or nipsy Russell Can you be talking about Family Put in ignite it up the flow they work Wait people Happy voice Oh He's doing this thing on fire. And put this thing on fire. Whew. Look at that old, tall drawer. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Good Lord. And that way, that, but. Tweet the Tweet the Tweet the Tweet. That too. 950 votes on the full. We're going to make that 1,000 this hour. We have to stay on a few months after Curtis will mind. We got Curtis Stevenson at too. He's got Eric Reed at 3.30 to talk about the heat through his teeth. 70, 70, 70, four. Anyway, his effect is his uncle Lee Lindywood back in the 70s. There was a TV commercial for O'Henry. It should feature Hank here and I remember that. We took that's why I always thought to the candy bar with named after Hank here. And he told me how long we can be been around for a long time. Also for the pool, how about Lloyd, can't spend my so bridges. Yeah, and that reminded me. Yeah. And so it prompted me to do some research stuff. I only got the answer. Because I heard that before, that's a comedy bit. Ken is not so. And Lloyd Bridges is one of the people in the comedy bit. And as is a Ricardo Monkobun. And it was from a first-season Saturday night live, Bill Murray. Comedy bit. I'll be damned. Now I was in weekend at 1-2. Right, yeah. Come to the QAM. Hello. I like that one. Come to the QAM. Hello. You know, I think you're all paid to some cars to have like girls. They know what's going on. You have any idea what that was? Yes, I did. What was it? That was Reverend George. Oh. Like I said, 560560, pound 560 and they've arrived in what was so such a bad phone. Yeah. You didn't get a 4-2 real phone anymore. That would be a step in a right direction for all of us. Those are the world look. Oh yeah. That's hope. That's a pretty QAM. Hello. I know. Yes sir. If we got raisinette on a candy. That's your favorite candy is raisinette. I'll do booberries, but no, okay. Okay. Now I've got shrimp or goovers. And the candy too. No, come on. Coovers. Raisinette. Srazen. That's fair. But what's now? How about non-parallels? What do they call those? There's a different name for those. Yeah, but I don't know. Yeah. You described them. How about neck or wafers? Okay. I don't know what that was already there. No, you're wrong. You have had neck or even Josh knows neck or wafers. They're coming like a clear plan. Not totally clear, but in a plastic wrapper. And they're round about the size of a quarter. Okay. And they're all these on colors. That's that. And they melt in your mouth. They're supposed to be the first. You don't want to say it? Uh huh. But what's the number? Well, describe that. Non-parallel was like a piece of chalk with it. Had like little white, um, Oh, so caps. So that's it. So caps. Years ago, 100 years ago, when I was a kid, we used to call non-parallels. I don't know what that mean. Snowcuffs. Yes, even so all the movie can be craft. That's right. Like do birds and rays of the movie. Birds and rays of the night. And snowcuffs. When you go to your movie theater, that's what they got. You're looking to counter this. That's all we can know. They've got cookie, dough, bites. Really? Yeah. They're great. Well, hopefully, thirsty won't be in the alley. Though it tries me. Oh, God. By the way, I am hello. How long has he worked out? Does him? WCWAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Where did I come from? Okay. Did you hit on a pole for a roaster of the attractive thing? What does this man talking about? I didn't hear a word. It's a roaster. That is the worst craft man. If that's your favorite candy, we need to give him his address. Go shoot him. Ferrar, you see him in the drug store. It's like chocolate balls. Kind of like the Isaac Hades was peddling that time. Chocolate salty balls. Oh, those are a ferrar roaster. I think it's an hour of sea. He's here. Some kind of frog crab. Oh, I'm not even put that on there. I'm not sure what that is. That is strictly for going in with no taste buds. Like melted milk balls, which I like. What I do like melted milk balls is that what we call those. I'll put no balls. Hmm. Another movie theater specialty. And along those lines, milk does. Milk, well, is not the same? No, milk does. They're chewy. Pull your feelings out. Oh, that's where I love milk. But I love melted milk because I like malt. Yeah, I love those too. Hmm. Now what was the one in Vegas? What was the name of that? Apple ends? Apple. No, that was at an FOM. Hmm. I think I lower a seagull. But in Vegas and at an FOM. And they have those coffee, tub, those crunchier. What do they call it? Oh, man. I can eat it about 45 pounds of those. You know what I'm talking about? Hmm. Chocolate on the outside. We're like a little bit of powdery stuff on. And then like inside like toffee hard. Just 200 or one of those. Is it all your teeth of this flat or all over the place? Waves of the hair says woppers. Woppers. Yeah, but Eric knows it. Oh, yeah. Woppers. He stole a few. Sounds like Rollo's. Where you're talking about? Yeah, it does. What? What? Who's talking about? What you were just talking about? Rollo's are like chewy. I don't know. And by the way, they make a roll ice cream and it sucks. Oh, oh my god, you'll puke your guts out. Now Rollo, you like Rollo candy? No, I thought that's what it sounded like. That's where you were talking about. No, no. Can't stand Rollo. W-w-w-a-n-ho. Yes, sir. Hey. But that's the real Rollo chair. Oh, yeah. Listen, I think you've tasted it. I'm headed. There's George Moonlight here because he has no toilet inside. And there's one? Oh, no, tell us. Yeah, those are all right. I like them. Tell us how we're going to get out of here. Go away. And go on and buy some of the gold one. They got gold foil on there. They're trying to give them away. For where, Rocher, they're like at the counter, you'll find them at CVS and Walgreens. They got the top one. They're sitting at home, people, everywhere. But that reminds me of another candy that comes in ball form. Yeah. And I can't think of it right now. Oh. Oh. I can't think of it. Yeah. What kind of candy comes in ball form? They come in bags and they're wrapped in individual balls. They have dark and, you know, the stuff they're real. The Roy, you know, they have a lint. Yeah, linter. Linter. No, it's lint. The trouble. I'm in D.T. Lint is it? Lint. Lint. L-I-N-D-T. It's Shvice. And it's got like two kinds of chocolate, the harder kind on the outside. Lint. Because they made this chocolate. They made different kinds of those. But you're right. They're like, oh. And you can tell what's on the inside by the color of the wrapper. That's right. Right. Oh, yeah. Lint. In the Eden Center, by series. Well, yeah, it's series now used to be Eden's department through there. There's a lint candy shop. Why did you have to remind me of that? Oh, you idiot. It'll get some now. Oh, I don't know. Oh, I have a copy of that. The ones in a blue wrapper are the best. I forget what they call. I don't mind what they call. Why did you start with that? And as long as we're putting your pen stuff under, what about Bachi? Huh? Ever had those Bachi balls? Speaking of that stuff. Bachi. Tadden. It's okay. Not the best. 9 minutes after one, man. Our blood sugar is up to like 7,000 just from the discussion. Forget about eating in this crap. Boy, all the people need to be talking about this. You're the bad influence. Y'all didn't skin here at. Or whoever sent this fact yesterday, you know how much it takes to get influence me. Just a whisper. I just say I'm kidding. Yeah, you try this for our brochure ones too. And then there's also a can call the Julian G-U-L or G-U-Y-L. Oh, that stuff is cool. I will say this because we were just talking about it. I've had them inside the fridge and out. What? And if there's soft those balls. We know the other ones. And if they're not refrigerated, we're like, you know, we're not. We're like, you know, we're not. We're not refrigerated. We're like, you know, we're not refrigerated. What was the refrigerated? You haven't the guys just giving you a son of a nice mother. No, no. I won't see described it. I realized what he was talking about. No, I haven't. But I was talking about before. You're telling me that's like, Rollo is just chewy chocolate. That's all that happened. Okay. Any a toffee inside? Okay. You better study your role. I don't know if you don't know it. Need to do either. Rollo or like, oh, they're horrible. I thought he worked in this promotion department. They're moochy, me. Rollo Rodriguez. You can rollo. Yeah. In fact, with all this candy talk, probably fat boys breaking the door down to be a QM price closet. Maybe that's why he was in the magic room. That's a Tuesday. That's a Tuesday. That's a Tuesday. That's a Tuesday. We're talking about a way of speaking about Jeff. Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi. Is that way back when once upon a time, there was a big stink about it. Speaking of him being an integral malwaist, it's a big stink. But he haven't only found a way to get in the apprised closet. They're because they had a whole bunch of candy. I've seen a little like a box of candy bars in his desk. Yeah. That nice. And that's just we need. This is a man who can barely walk by the way folks. This is a man who models. He's got a walker. He's got a cane. What is he about? 40 40. Something. Some 40 stuff like that. They were they look at the day over 90 if you asked me did you ask him for a piece of that candy Josh? No, I don't want to get bit. Oh, I did. No chair as they say fact chance Well, look at this big army who just a little bit behind the other name for non-forals is no cap Damic George just said it's I was typing this up All right, and he says don't knock the raisinets they're right no other not They're not all they are as raisins would chop us up while they're that cock on man. That's a hard work. Oh, ready day. Yeah Raisinets my ass. Oh, I'm sorry for there are in fact. I think that's what most used to be Pull out of his pants was them raisinets what are you? It raisinets on his ass 12 on a Saturday 1 at 5 60 WM you're all over the name dry concepts I've been telling you about them for over 20 years on a variety shows on a variety of states In some of your radio stations about effect and this one too Not concepts is the best carpet gaming company in the world. I've used in my homes for over that 21 year period of time So before you go out and spend a portion replace your carpeting Collar good friends to dry concepts and let them show you what they do best and that is bringing nasty smelly soil Carpentry back to life. I'm looking just like brand new when they finished their job They leave your carpet's vibrant color soft in the touch stain free and look and I can't brand new just laid Right on your floor right concepts is the only company. I've pressed and the only one you ought to be using too And in case you didn't know it they also specialize in drapery cleaning a post-reclean deep cleaning of those expensive Other furniture pieces and lots more Without it, one of the best things you can do for those oryamor area rugs is to use a quality under a layment It's essential for a standing life and beauty of that area. We're gonna provide a critical cushioning and prevent Skating and hard floors during this month during the month of March and time is running out so please take advantage of this Get 15% in savings on all underlayment padding from dry concepts Always professional always on time. It always give you written guaranteed price before they start the work Carp are cleaning water damage restoration pet odor treatments McFerris cleaning and lots more are you still call the best and trust the best dry concepts call them tool free and Dave Broward in the palm beaches at 1-800-248-5071 be sure and tell me that Troy Toad it to call 1-800-248-5071-248-2071-248-5071 around the web is dry concepts dot com This is a meal ruggers This is 516-2-8 There's my mean baby launch a couple minutes old That's the turn place we know And name a metapell Who's for name begins with out There's one thing we all understand That's a loop Albedo will be finished until we blow up back a stain We could change and round forever with our tanks and all our truths The special forces are retired Jumping through them who's at best you know we need another place Who's for let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up back a stain All right Now put in these and do you hear? Okay, why don't we stop to see food Why don't you blow up Back a stain Absolutely correct I've just now even though I do love and I can play it over five minutes Saudi Arabia is working secretly on a nuclear program with help from Pakistani experts in German magazine Cicero reports and slated tradition setting Western security sources see Iran can't have them In the can have them the Saudis can have them Pakistan can have our friends in india can have men do It says that during the hog pilgrimages to Mecca in 2003 through five Pakistani scientists poses pilgrims to come to Saudi Maybe an aircraft laid on by their orberage kingdom between October 2004 in January 2005 some of them took the opportunity to disappear from their hotel rooms Sometimes from the three weeks recorded German security expert Uddo Ulfkott is saying Uddo Ulfkott a court of Western security by the way So that Document Reagan was Hitler gay on a couple of months ago and he was a quite a Western security service as the magazine the Nussafat says that move right along The magazine added Saudi scientists have been working since the mid 90s in Pakistan and nuclear power since 98 Thanks to the work of an artist Grace Pakistan his scientists Abdel Kavir Khan was he can the gangas Khan Hein did he come drive and to do that Cicero which will appear on the new stands for also quoted the Westminster analyst John Pike as saying that Saudi bar codes can be found in half of Pakistan's nuclear weapons Because it is Saudi Arabia which ultimately co-fines the finance they've packaged any atomic nuclear program and it was Saudi Arabia That financed along with our friends in the UAE the United 11 high jackers all of these things the Saudis Those are the triggers in the wood pile, okay in the sand pile The magazine also said satellite images prove that Saudi Arabia has set up in Ilsa So I mean however you see that south of Riyadh a secret underground city in dozens of underground silos for missiles They got silos baby. There's no cornet in them According to some western security services long range Gallery-type missiles of Pakistani origin our house inside those silos And like that they turn into a safe haven. Yeah, right for bombs for one of bomba Just your Ricky Vailand sing them right now. Well in a bomba. Remember that song? Yeah, hey He did reachy Vailand's me 942 votes. What's the abeiner? I think he was. Yes, he was nine 42 We can make it we can do that thousand by two the clock. Oh, sorry one version Obama George Bush Okay, so If I can't understand the border go through that tunnel again. Good morning again. All they're doing is taking the first two letters off illegal and trying to turn Legur I start to talk about this before and I got side track fight. I know this how conveniently also they're they're They're throwing out the word immigrant immigrant and like nobody talk about immigrants What immigrant means to me is somebody who waits on live and comes over legally and waits their turn and Doesn't come sneak it across the border and then try to grab somebody else's job because they'll work for peanut right nobody talk about immigrants We're talking about you illegal border jump the speaking of a peanuts. What are those chocolate covered peanuts? What do they call those? Gubers all that's right, Google. It's not excuse me the problem well look at all the names We got on this pull tomorrow. This is a scary Wow, this is the most we've had on a pull in a long time 942 votes on a one day We are Jones and for that thousand Josh's screaming the elder back has been saying anything on the year Well Lloyd Bridges is no he didn't help too much in Chuck Heston's only got one and worries got one but and Bishop had two haha the most macho pretty is with 175 janitor 1.51 Jim managed 145 the mad dog Mr. Macho no starting a shard and they sipping whatever Pansy Where's that periae syphon see he always said shard and a syphon Sean Connery 74 Teddy Roosevelt 56 Lindy England 50 Ernest anyway 37 Chuck Bronson 38 and command quarter 35 What a guy bitch John Wayne 25 that's Marion to you Barbara Bush 25 Steve McQueen 17 is that Feywain Arnold Schwarzenegger 14 Johnny Weiss Model 13 Connor Leasard 12 Kimbo Boe camper 10 Lee Marvin 9 real Mark you know who lost the logs on here But they won't get him seriously sterling Hayden yeah nobody goes to that is now Okay, he played McCloskey in the group I remember who he as he played the police chief He was a great actor and a really man. He was as much as it gets he might be the winner if they knew who he was Sterling Hayden a Y D N Slice the low nine can't throw Harris he's got eight eight dollars left Spend it all honey spend it all Raymond Burr she's got six Tommy Brady five Brad Pitt five Billie Jean King four and the interesting part is Bobby Riggs don't have any Anthony Hopkins four had a Electro Steve Reeves three Ricardo Muntel bond three and Bishop two you know who else was very popular the same time as Ricardo Muntel bond And you hate a sunlight poison yeah, I love her not a llama. Oh for now. Yeah, yeah For an end was hiding away he was part of that bit what can't it's not much for now Don't let's all remember I remember that now. Yes, I do remember that and Bishop two and Marie one Chuck Heston one and Lloyd Bridges don't have any out of nine 42. What's kind of hard to be under You know much on a submarine. Oh, that's that lie hurt down under why he was the macho man Let me look at the shape of those things One time powerhouse lobby is Jack April off will soon be trading in his pinstrips for persons stripes April off is set to be sentenced to snap into an enemy federal court to a prison term ranging from six to seven years For a fraudulent loan deal to buy a softload of fleet of casino shifts in 2000 and a fleet of animals His partner New York businessman Adam Cadane and a 147 and a half million dollar sunk couscousinos purchase Also faces the same sentence before US district judge Paul Huck and I guarantee it won't be suspended a sentence Both were charged last summer with lying the lenders about putting down 22 million to qualify for a 60 million dollar loan To seal the sunk cruise deal. I'm gonna tell you man every everywhere locally these cruise ships. There's tourists, you know But they ever made the down payment so they sent bogus documents to the lenders that show they did the foundation of the wire for our conspiracy case Avram off 46 and Cadane 41 respectively cut pleads in January December to win shorter sentences But those are women generally prevent them from appealing their sentences That means the two men who had each many children are watching as young Republicans in the 80s could be heading to prison after the Sensing's this afternoon depending on the judge But the more likely scenario is that both Avram off and Cadane will be allowed remain free on bail While they cooperate with state and federal authorities on two separate investigations related to these some cruise fraud case Both men are supposed to have brown county authorities in their investigation in the February 2000 month off some murder a former sunk cruise founder Constantine or his guest bulls We've been publicly feeding with Cadane over the future of the gambling ship empire They brought said attorneys or officials to our street offense with bulls his murder including two with organized crime ties Or once any sunk cruise payroll See what I'm saying it's the old hanky spanky baby Everybody look for an cruise ships do not waste your money on those cruise ships good god What's wrong with you people like he's warning you? And nobody listen to me just like just like you knew management there. Well, they listen to me. No Oh, you won't like it. Yeah, that's why that used to really frost my ass your buddy Steve Nickel there that's Nickel We didn't know this for Programming not Because the implication of that whole concept is would that if I did like something wouldn't be on here Whatever near wanted, that's what happened which of course is just the opposite the way it did Whatever I said they did the opposite just like this outfit man. I say too much guilty on here too much Quick in 12 a sudden gullies unlike four five days a week now Whatever I say they run the other direction. Okay like I said can't get enough a gullie man I love it panthers are hot I'll tell you where it's really hot and that's a beach forward beach forward is gone nuts It's madness in March all this month of beach for it in the month is almost over so better get your ass in there They just miss breaking their all-time record last month during February So they'd find a break that record the pieces this month and they're well on their way right now Standard camp for it. I phone 50s I was always just 249 a month with 995 bus down plus these are the per credit a 39 month lease Madness in March at beach for it's mean you must be mad up to think of Andrew rebates and discounts up to 10 grand All new and used vehicles now if you're not on the market for new car, we know anybody who is Send them into beach for because if they take the right during the month the March beach forward will send you two and a bus in cash That comes from the advertising budget and they won't tack on to your friends price like I keep be telling you Don't miss out on this once you're a bad at school on on right now And it's beach for its madness in March Extended camp for F-150s low is just 249 a month discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks and cashers for referring a friend send one by for a on-in beach for two miles each of the golden blades on 163rd Street and West. They see highway. I bet you fat boys life on it. You will love your beach for it experience This phasienial Rogers This is five 16 15 You don't have any national gardener because they're all fighting a war in a racer right now nothing national guard Right not the national guard national guard national gardener act not let there's no national go out now Haven't been What a lovely way of proving where are you comfortable Haven't my baby Even though you're ages nearly mind double I know you won't Another bun in the oven The one thing you don't want is another husband What you're having my baby I'm a woman in love and I love having more in my opinion Haven't my baby And I'm not looking about how we were feeling about truth with men You're pretty daughters We come there brother What almost feels like I'm shaking up with my mother Are you sure that we are We haven't updated What a lovely way of proving where you're full of nuts Haven't my baby I'm 32 at five 60 WQ and Curtis Stevenson the two before revolving dough from a two to four Here's a fact that says since you doing all candy radio how about can't raise chocolate bars Especially the ones with caramel or some people say caramel. I can't stand people who say that I'm not just had to stop by the storm pick up owner two or three of those. It said But you know I'll put can't worry is on there, which I did but the problem is they make so many different ones We can't put them on there. Right what else I put on what which we can't put the individual ones on it Ritter sport Ritter sport you never sell those their life square and then make ones mostly would nuts But they also have dark chocolate Ritter sport they're you never sell those I don't think so I'm like most of us they're wrapped real tight and you're like like in squares. You know like about nine squares to each one Never saw with a sport that I got a white chocolate. They got like Have it as different varieties It's very big in Europe, but we got them maybe you don't have them there I don't know we got them here of course we got a lot of candy bars that you don't have there this place specializes in ice cream and candy 962 votes. I think we're gonna do it man. I think Josh Curtis had a stomach right in it What I tell you who is the most macho and we got 962 vote the only sad part is Sterling Hayden and Lloyd Bridges don't have any well they sure some and they sure know who Lloyd Bridges was right sure see her And serving Hayden think Godfather maybe think of Captain McClusky who gave it to Michael Irina in the jaw That's it. It's a little tap. Yeah, get a little old for his uh whatever What was he said when he's in the back seat? You got a frisk in on my yeah It was a apologizing for smack him in the jaw and then the rest of the movie after that Michael kept like his nose kept running You remember we always had that hanky in his event TV networks reject ad from church say spot welcoming gazes controversial all Can't have controversy the nation's major TV never said rejected and that shows a gate couple and others being vanished from a church Saying it violates their rules against controversial religious advertising So it's okay. They think and put every getski on the in the world on the year. That's okay But this is bad the 32nd spot God turn man for the United Church of Christ will begin hearing on cable networks in Spanish language stations next week Well, they needed me that badly the ad called ejector shows a gate couple a single mother He'd a civil man others flying out of their fuse as a wrinkled hand pushes red button ejecting them from the fuse Text on the screen reads God doesn't reject people need the do we in voice over says the United Church of Christ No matter who you are or where you are life sure to you welcome here and they won't write them on the networks The church tried to run a similar red December 2004 which bounces outside a church stop gate couples racial minorities of this from entering the network Self-subjected that ad the decision by CBS and we see ABC and of course Fox to decline the latest Antsures the network seven narrow view of acceptable images of gazin lesbian seriously to run view for its him Monday Or what if he's gonna be for pusher? They're close keel. They are saying you can entertain on real ingrace and queer access to the straight guy Well, it comes to showing you as whole people with the church that's going too far view for it CBS folks will mention and Jacob said that it work has a long standing and well documented policy of not accepting Advocacy advertising can't be Kelly Brown a spoken in foreign BC said the Advilates are long standing policy against airing commercials That deal with issues of public controversy. Oh, I see like political advertising about that Right Representative from ABC and Fox were not available for Fox were not available for comment for view for it said both numbers at hold the church They have policies barring religious advertising view for it said CBS executives At hold on the subject will be considered advocacy advertising until the inclusion of gazin lesbian's as comment at churches in the USA But Jacob has challenged that statement, but that's opposed to exchange is simply fictitious She said starting April tier the ever run for three weeks on CNN USA TNT black entertainment done network at any other cable never so long with free Spanish language is tossion Ace the church spent a minute and a half bucks on the ads which are run for the East-Russian The church filed a complaint against CBS and NBC affiliates in Miami after the networks Rejected the first ad in 2004 and that complaint is still pending. It's still pending all dependent Of course the two neighboring countries. Oh, go away. Yeah, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia your good buddies all them schmothands over there You know, didn't you hear the statement of who the hell was talking about about William Cohen the former defense secretary The media Republican from Maine who was Clinton's defense secretary and when when when they first election in 2000 a chain called him and the only thing you want to talk about was Iraq and he was just he was just a maze That's all I cared about that's the only topic that he wanted to discuss with the former secretary of the state was our rack He said he smelled he smelled or rotten fish at that point couldn't have been because of that OIL and M. O. Any Why could have been I remember somebody on your screaming about that day after day it was me OIL M. O. Any Why and by the way Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices again. There'll be three bucks a gallon of summer Yeah, people to stop yeah, right stop and name a love 967 we got we got it made in the shade I think WQA M hello I know That's What is it It would do oh, well, we got does on there. Okay. We can't do all the job. It's makes a little bunch of stuff I mean if we have to do like each and every well. I like the Cadbury, you know, right how many Cadbury or varieties you think there are About 30 men winter sports the same thing. I can't believe you never heard a winter sport Sorry, I know you better start you better start studying your career because you got a long way to go No, never have a crunchy must have crispy crunch. No, we don't have choking on there. I do Oh, we don't have we don't have no. Oh, they still make that We don't have to cuz huh yeah, they did chunky those are squared those are big block squares You know blocks of chocolate right or like we're engaging with say chocolate Sorry blocks Well, here's what we got under firm are so far, but this is take about an hour to read these your all-time favorite candy Watch them a call at Mars bars Snickers Poppy cock clock bar to see roll mountains fifth Avenue bar I'll enjoy small is Eminem's cracker jack smarties fiddle fattles score crunch in my teeth bar chunky by same thing twice Alert me Hershey bar cadbury's crunchy oh wait crunchy. Not only one. I'll keep cat turtles crispy crunch lint which is a hundred thousand different varieties Milky way dark Milky way bachi caramel caramel. Oh, if you must get here as Mr. Good bar Charleston too Wonka bar. I don't know marathon bar is agnud butter finger payday Reces vittahoney you don't like the tahani. I can't believe that. Oh, to say it's great for pulling your teeth I'll em an empina Hershey with coffee almonds now we your green on that that is pre low stuff man It is so good how they can take some crap like just regular Hershey chocolate and and dial it up and make it good I believe they're all the toffee Nestle's which you know it could be anything Nestle's boring just a plane crackle baby Ruth oh Henry and what was that in the punch bowl again It's good Ritter sport roll-o-twecks arrow mr. Big coffee crisp Barnon hundred grand dove powerhouse woppers goober's Loppers and goober's a sound like some of the Greg Reid would know about raisinets necko wait for his no caps. Mother don't bars and milk does I can't believe you though you didn't know what the necko wait for his word I mean, I'm sure that they must still sell him and they're they're sickeningly sweet You don't like like real real sweet stuff so probably wouldn't have had a lot of them But they really are they're just nauseating me sweet and of course even as a child I always preferred the pink one For the Lord even loves the old Rogers I told the just that turn out to be a hypocrite Sad you Who will be the dude that gets mad when they put thoughts on food Sad You Who's the cat that's making fun of every other really turned Sad Not only This is shit is one brain wash mother I'm talk of us cakes This is a true taste on Hey Isaac up you were different Oh during homes you're far across my country 107 can go to you scientist you 22 short nineteen In terms of you, it's been 50 minutes we can do it. Point out like a point out in the speech. Right. It's fine if we vote to do it. It took it to a thousand. You think we can do it? You can do it. I mean, it's like, you're like, what did I have? What did I have? A minute. We can handle that. This crowd. Can I get with it? Hop on it. You wouldn't be used in it. Her wits in. This is in the British sun. Oh, if you could see this picture, man. She's an instant shot. Oh, man. Looks like she has been shot. Her. And beat. And under the picture, it says, pitiful, haggard, like she'll say, moral haggard. A little darker, rural haggard. Superstar, what he used in his spiraled into a world of squal or indigulation on deadly crack as the shocking pictures in the days sun newspaper like Oprah, he's got a crack. That's a problem. It shows that discussing messing the singers' bathroom after a drug binge. Drug paraphernal, including a crack smoking pipe, rolling papers, cocaine, cake, spoons, and cigarettes, are streamed across the surface tops. But what he 42, Tino Caronomole, as Chris Darden would say, we tried that the other day. We did work out. I'll give it. That was OK. Mm-hmm. We just don't say too loud. And there was no, there was a good, the volume movement. She was one of the biggest female artists of regeneration with a string of 80s, 90s hits, and they all sucked by the way. Singers like I want to dance with somebody, and more than 100 album you've sold. Which really, they're the fact that very manllows number one, now in the album chart, what does that tell you about the world going to hell in a handcasket? Now she's a paranoid wreck. Hopefully, she hooked on crack. Drugs have devastated her once famous beauty. She looks like mung. She looks like death boil over. She's haggard with dark circles under eyes and a de-range look on her face. She regularly disappears for days and weeks at a time. Hold up and see the crackdance and digress parts of town. And she's blow. Oh, please. She's going much of a multimillion dollar showbiz portion on her habit. Now family and friends for the additional end of her death unless you can beat it. And her Michael can help her. The bathroom photo was taken by Whitney Cisterl, a lot of Tina Brown is the five star of bedroom mansion that for star shares with the drug abusing heavy Bobby Brown and landed Georgia. Tina Cisterl, Bobby, is herself a self-confessed romantic to once regularly took crack with mum of one Whitney. She's now clean but she said, the truth needs to come out. Whitney won't stay off drugs. It's every single day. It's so long way everyone is scared she's going to OD. And a shocking interview, the mother of six told how the whining, wailing Whitney spends days locked in her bedroom in the house of rubbish. There's the woman of course there are with Kevin Custer in the 90 to hit movie the bodyguard smokes crack, uses sex toys to satisfy herself and birth personal hygiene. When high on grossy imagine she sees demons and is being beaten by the sad truth is that she fights and punches her own body without realizing it. Midians of fans were hard to find a belief that this was once the wholesome girl admired for her stunning work's animation voice. I think it said, Bobby Brown done it. You know, downtown Bobby Brown? Yeah, he didn't need to help the body. The artist who started out in age 11 in a gospel church choir, see there you go and encourage by a family who helps singers like her mother Sissy Houston. First cousin Dion Warwick and Godmother Eurice for a Franklin. Did you know that? I knew about the beyond, they knew that the Eurice for a Franklin. Godmother Eurice for a Franklin. Tragedly drug craves Whitney's because all offers out to get clean she's failed skulls and rehab. Tina 42, say she'll port to the floor and say, see that demon. I'm telling you somebody's messing with Bobby. She always thinks it's something to do with Bobby, but it's her hitting herself. In her paranoia, Whitney made a hole in the bathroom while as she could see was in the house. Sounds like Reg Reed's behavior to me. Tina said he breaks everything mirrors, phones, cabinets, appliances. She would be a Whitney's 13 year old daughter. Bobby Christina was often frightened by her mum's weird behavior. Tina also claimed Whitney was so wasted on drug 15 wet herself and put on a baby's nappy. Oh, these brits are so unhappy. Uh, uh, let's take a little nappy this afternoon. And watch Whitney smoke crack on the way to her. No faith, though. The rehab clinic. Well, listen to me. I want to walk you for you guys. Talk, you know. Tina recalled she'd say, I'm just going to increase. She did. Whitney allegedly called us female viewers to her house and buy eight balls or cranks, eight for the non-tracks. She rocks. Usually, break any ball from the smaller pieces. The Tina said Whitney cuts her up in a cigar, puts it in her eight-ball inside with marijuana and smokes it. Just like in a matter of her, here I was in to Courtney Louder. And she wasn't doing all eight. She was, she's all behind me, it's all. Yeah, she gets the good stuff, though. Ha ha ha ha. That's a little while. Oh, man, the way down town. Whitney was also rushed to a hospital in 2000. That looks such a great scene. You know, the good stuff. Yeah, the hospital in 2003 with blooddressing from her nose and the birds are banded on it. A source sent everyone wonder what happened to Whitney's nose. Witnesses in a vagus hotel described how she had earlier looked completely tripped. Tina had an understand what she's going through. Addiction is a disease. Maybe this interview will save her life. She's probably not. Still, in 42, she only could have over 90 now. Oh, there's a pigeon on my patio. Feel just like Ted Williams with a frozen head. 9.86, man. We got 10 minutes to get 14 votes. That's barely over a minute. What do you got on your thing? 9.87. They're pouring out of the furnace. Well, I said, you know, you need to go. You went out on the limb. What much of a limb, man? Oh, we're coming down to the wall. What do you mean by that? It wasn't much of a limb. Come to come. We always get it, Alison. So we don't. We didn't. Did we have one day we didn't, I think, once. You're forgetting that I didn't get home to like, I don't know, 130 and morning from plunging my lungs. I'm not that bad though, but not another very good night of woodbinder. It was no good machine, man. They're all cracking my sheen. And so I didn't put this on. It like two o'clock in the morning. Everybody's sloughing at that point. So, uh, sloughing and sloughing and fluff in it. 9. Maybe so. I guarantee you by the time we get through from this break, we'll be over the top. This. I'll be delighted to be your Roger. This is that voice, too. This is my 16th, crazy day. You get a lot of things. Alright. Your Roger's are sports all ready. You'll be your A. Yeah. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. When I go and know about you, my name. But now I get more needs y'all. Just say, I can't say your name. So yeah. Oh, baby. Ah. There's no child there. Oh, I can't win free like I'm in the air. Your Roger's all about the same. That's lovely. I can't believe that you're so silly. I can't believe that you're so silly. I can't believe that you're so silly. So I can't believe that you're so silly. We got our thousand votes in this song. Go to me, too, though. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.