Yeah, Tommy. Tommy, who is voice we just heard Tommy, you know production time. Oh yeah. He farted. Who fart that shot? I farted. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. So for our poll today, we might get your input since you're the maven, when there's that echo again, boy, this is getting really over. That's thinking as echo anyway. Who is the greatest baseball player of all time? The reason I took the poll is because Josh Curtis continues to insist that very bonds is the greatest player of all time which I find most amusing. And so does most of the audience so far we got about almost 500 votes and he's near the bottom. I thought Willie Mays was the best player I saw. Well, so far he's there. We got Babe Ruth, not actually his second. I never saw Babe Ruth. Yeah, you did. As a child. No, never saw him. Come on, Babe Ruth, 1948 when he had the lung cancer. Oh yeah, but he wasn't playing then. No, he wasn't playing do well. Yeah, that's another point. How can, how can, how can punks, you know, even who these other people are, how can they make a judgment? I saw Ty Cobb, I saw Christie Matysen. Where in my dreams? Yeah. Ted Williams, Hank Aaron, Mickey Mantle, Pete Rose, Joe to measure. They're all above very bonds. Lou Gehrig is below him which I find very demeaning and that's because they don't know Lou Gehrig. Well, Lou Gehrig probably wasn't as great in all around players' bonds. Hmm. Bob was a terrific field or two when he was a... My job is, but oh man, Roberto Cometi, we just put on there. He was great, but I think he was, you know. For Bro Cometi was great. Yes, he was. He was good. He was a good, he was pretty good. He used to follow the pirates, didn't you? Very religiously. Yeah. Vernon Law, the Deacon. Oh yeah. Freddie Green, L. R. F. Mas, Big Stewart, Doctor Strange Glove, Rocky Nelson, Smokey Burgess, T. O. Somoli, Bob Skinner, Bill Hürden. I mean keep going, I could go to weed. He took all the... Big Groat, Kentacelvi's good, Big Groat, Don Hoak, T. Down, how you doing? Big Groat, he's going to see him no more. Big Groat went to Duke. Did he really? Well, nobody's perfect. I was Duke doing the net final four. Oh. I had L. S. U over them, I'm okay. Well that's bad, but that's really bad. You put the canary on your own team, that's really nasty. It was money. Anything for a buck, that's right. Anything for a buck. You got that right pal. No spirit. No spirit, no team spirit, Rob Ross's boom-bomb. No. All this crap about George Mason, who cares? I think it's great. What is George Mason anyway? What is that? What is it? I'll be in Michigan, WALM in 1965. My program director is real name was Durward Karn, but his on-ear name was George Paul Mason. I worked for a guy named Glenn Mason. That's about as far from Durward Karn, George Paul Mason. And he was a big fat-old guy, but a typical radio-drifter kind of guy. And the thing I remember most is one day I'm playing the news open and all of a sudden, Durward, he used to do the news. He comes Wadland down the stairs and he had just been taking a big dose and deploying his pants up as he... He's coming down the stairs. We're going to do the news. He had to see it to believe it. I just assume not have seen it. Yeah, you're right. We've been on a pretty side. Nice vivid description. I was not a pretty side, yeah. So how was your weekend? My weekend was okay. My was awful. Was it really? I was in Florence. I didn't go gamble any money away. I wouldn't gamble even, believe it or not. I was in Florence, Kentucky. And I did the game there. Lanes, oh yeah. When you open up the book in a hotel and it has a list of houses of worship and none of them have bet something before it. Right, yeah. You know you're in hospital territories. I bet you didn't have a list of delies on it, though. No. But it wasn't just that. I did the Lanes and Stakes. And it was so cold there and snowy. And just snowy. Yeah. In Florence, Kentucky, we haven't had a snow here in ages. In fact, this week's spring is here. Double vintage. Yeah, spring was there. It was in a low 30s and snowy. Just two today. Oh, brother. I don't know what's going on. In fact, it snowed in Oklahoma. They had an auto racing event there. And it was snowing. But I wasn't there. I was in Florence, Kentucky. Right across the river from Cincinnati. It was a better fact. Let's see. Thursday, we got 58 coming in Friday, 61. Yeah, it's supposed to warm up there by next weekend. But that doesn't do me any good. Stand out there in the snow. And the worst part, not so much when you're doing this show. But when you're out there rehearsing and you're standing around, that's the worst. Or fat ass off. Yeah. At least when you're doing this show, it takes your mind off how cold you are. But anyway, it's over with. No, that's good. You won't have to be home back during my next trip. Well, I'm going to Las Vegas this weekend. Let's see, this morning was yesterday morning. Not this morning. Yesterday morning, I wake up early and turn on the racing network and there's racing from Dubai. Was yesterday Saturday. Saturday. Saturday morning. And I thought to myself, what? Em, ragheads. Man, it makes me very angry because they take an over-basically the whole third-bit course industry as you know, because they get all the top-forces because they got the money. Our money. Yeah, I didn't. It reminds me like when we were fighting a Gulf War one. I didn't go to that event. The world is being hotshots from Kuwait. You know, while we are our people over there fighting and putting their lives online to get their country back and they were over there on the French Riviera, all the discos, getting stoned off their ass and laid them away. And I just have a good party. Today's Harold editorial pay. Ragheads. Yes. Had letters to the editor written by four women and they sounded identical like they were out of the same click. You know, that a Robert Greeper goes to wrote all the letters. It's probably in his spare time. Like the weapons of mass destruction, we keep saying that they were none but they really were and that Saddam hid them in some place. Right. Yeah. Well, no, you're right. Robert Greeper, what are written? Because he is a weapon of mass destruction. Human and entire programming department. I'm telling you, every letter was written by the same person. I'm sure of it. Right. Now, what people was this in? Today's Harold editorial pay. I think you. I think you. I think you. By the way, your boy, we had some mistakes in his story about the fact that he was the marlins. My boy, what was that? Barry. Oh, Barry Jackass. That would be a first. He made him a steak. Made a couple. Like what? Well, I think I'm going to hear all the good. Are you going to get the joyous again? Oh, well, I'll take my chances. I'll take my chances. You can get that memo from the beast that we're not supposed to talk about the hero. I checked on that. We're okay with that. I see. That was the old sales manager put that out there because he thought they were going to advertise. Yeah. They do advertise and it doesn't make any difference. Yeah. So, he's right out on here. And I saw their Chris. He's doing it. This new sales guy. Man, he is the best. But anyway, he wrote that the county was not going to. It was not going to put a ballot initiative out there for a stadium. Well, if he had wrong about that, they're talking about it. They're talking about it. Crazy to do that. Well, what's the difference if people vote on vote for it? It's over with anyway. Yeah. But anyway, they are considering it. The second thing that he had there, he wrote about how Major League Baseball could have stepped up and contributed money to their stadium effort down here when they were so, when they were only 30 or 40 million dollars apart, you know what he forgot? Major League Baseball already gave him 30 million dollars. When they moved here, what dynasty did very bonds help create? Can you tell me answer that question? What dynasty? Yeah. None. I can't hear anything. There's the big news. You might be excited about this since you're going to Vegas this weekend. This has a right up your alley. Did you see what? Beesley Broadcast Group is acquired for 17 million. The same company that can't pay their bills on time. And don't want to give a raise to a Josh Cortis or give George a new contract. But they could go on borrow 17 million so they could buy KDWN. News and talk in Las Vegas. They already have two stations. Well, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're fourth station in the market. Wow. They're exciting. Yeah. It sounds like a place where you and I could retire. KDWN. The more time they could deal to me, yeah. Possible course part of the deal would have to be gambling. Ex-numbered dollars gambling money. Exactly. Every week. I would have to be a, it sounds appealing. Yeah. I can handle it. So we'll say nice things about Joyce today. So we know. I often go to the table. Well, I sure is how long. I'm not that easy. It's got maybe seven figures in it. I might. I can't believe it. I've been that seat and dropped dead. Ooh. miserable, hateful bitch. This is something where this, this company, at least, that we come consistently last couple years. They keep putting the stations and the hands of people that are totally inept. And I've got any, is just like this triangle we got. Now with you know, Clarence and Robert end of the beast, it's it's, it's part of the course. How's Joe Veldo? And you see him lately? I've been away. Ah, that's right. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I wouldn't make any difference. But I'm here for three days, uh, letting off by CM. I see I'm through the infradium. Looking at the scales of leaving that we still don't have our two or four nail down. I see, there's the infradium. We're really, uh, throwing in the towel. There's a guy going to be on both days. Wow. You mean this hour? No, two to four. No, you got bow. In other words, you don't even know who's filling in when you're out there. And you know something, it's good idea. I should ask. That's right. That's exactly right. Now you got it. Now you have perfected the old, the whole thing. Oh, I'm into that. Good. Screw it. Just pay me on pay. Exactly. You're just convinced me of that. Just pay me on pay. You can convince me of that. Well, I have to keep trying to convince myself. It's not an easy, uh, you're forgetting. He's like a lot of conscience. Yes. You know, you're perfect. How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? I'm telling you how bad I'm getting. You know, we got to Marlon and Metz game tomorrow, 12.50 pregame. Yeah. So yesterday I spent about five minutes looking out since naturally, been not going to give it to me. I looked up the April Marlon schedule regular season. We got three games. We got on the 12th and 13th of Padrezer in town. Both games started at 105. And on the 19th, the following wins. There we got a reds game at 1235. Oh, oh, how do you like that? Wow. That's how lazy I'm getting. I'm still not even looking ahead. Oh, yeah. I used to do that. I mean, these people have tossed in the towel. May, in fact, if you drive by our building, you'll see like the windows are open. They're all waving at white flag. You know, that's a QM building. To bring in any packages via picking up any prizes or craft like that, just look for the building where they are waving a white towel on the window. Unbelievable. And so who gives a crap if they don't? Unbelievable. I don't know. We're too old and feeble to be with. Even white tals are you looking to replay of the Dubai races? That could be it. Once you're smotting heads, then that's something, Dubai. It's on the state department's list of countries that they recommend you not visit, but other than that, the racing is great. They, uh, they, that's why I was in Florence, Kentucky this weekend. I'm sure that, because I won't go to Dubai. Do you didn't see Mike with tagging by his hands? Did you? Yes, I did. A two-way park? I don't know. He's the worst in the world. I actually bring in that up only because I just can't believe that he can keep a job. Anyway, just, or, or, or, or, Rindus. I don't want to hear he's a nice guy. He's just, or Rindus. He's a very nice guy. He's a terrible, terrible, terrible. I don't disagree with you, but he is like the world's worst. I mean, he's just an embarrassment. He's like a county fairer, or racen outsour from the old, harness tracks in a row like in a surges Michigan someplace like that. And there they go. Oh, okay. That's a second risk from Windsor last night with my good friend Marty Adler, good Jewish boy. Well, listen, have a great day. You too. What have we got on? We got Curtis this afternoon. That's at least that's something. Yeah. I like Curtis Curtis this is a good job. I probably have done not going to give it to him. I like him too. Because we need to develop somebody new under the age of 100 on this station, but they don't get that. Panthers are at Boston tonight. Panthers in a bro is by the way, the elites are going to make the play off. That's already a good done. They don't even know they won last night. They're throwing them down. So if they're not going to make it, how are the Panthers right now point behind the Leafs again? They're not. Although they have a real soft schedule, but they got these three row games coming up. They can't run a game on a road. That's a problem. They're at the bro and tonight, we just fired their GM. They're at the penguins on Wednesday. That's a game I'd be careful of. But it can't even strike like hell to lose that game to the penguins last night. They try to give it away. And so did Leafs to New Jersey. But anyway, don't start with that hockey talk. That'll be the end of us. It's your time. No, that's right. It's on my time now. So I can take the wrap for that. I'm a hockey maven. Alright. Mike and a maven. Well, you have a good day. A very good day. Oh, nice to see. We got Lady Marquez on the Marlotte 7 and 10. Like I said, they're waving the white hankies. Remember it was the, who was it with the white hankies? Was that a receiver? Yes. Yeah. I was in with the white hankies. Bob Prince had the green weenies and the white. You talk about wickweaver. Wickweaver, yeah. That was the guy. Wickweaver. Oh, come on. He was great. I love it. It wasn't the nicest guy to ever. Yeah. The fans were getting the blue, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, you know, the, the white selection. Yeah. So in the ending, I got a little confused. But it happens to best of them. They're, they're, they're doing it. They're not here and have a great day. You too. I. The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars. And you're not with those of the. You need to write a script. It's that advertisers for agencies. For trading, you have five six. Me. Now anybody should put your name in. I have the four. Waterdale. Green. Green. All this. Let me take your hands. Take your knees. Come on, you're full. The, the, the, the, the, the, the. Who? I should wait to have me. Me, Jay. Come on. Oh. Oh. Who's the, sorry, Tom, the gist and turn out to be a hypocrite. Stop. Everything. Who is the dude that's his never name for thoughts on food? Stop. Can you speak? Those are the champs that's making fun of every other really. I've got som, som, som, that own, this thing is but one, bring my mother system. I'm on the shift. Dude, he's a true disciple of the, But nobody, understand them, but all on ber, It's insane. Yeah, he's doing info for the police, really. So, it's the 70s, I see that last night on the gambling channel. Well, I'm going to buy these copies. He's doing the info merciless now. That's how much of a sellout he is. That's the size of K's. Well, screw him and Joyce. Did you see that episode dead? They played it over the weekend again. A couple times. They made me, did I see it? The one where they killed him are. Oh, no. Oh, because it's, it's one to see. I'll be damned. How many for the rerun of the out of the closet? Two fairy. I'm waiting for that. Hold your breath when it's on. Yeah. 10 13, I was speaking a closet case. The American Revolution. Oh, the American Revolution. Here come the Indians are coming. And the British are coming. You all know the name dry concepts. I'm sure because I've been talking about them for over 21 years. That's how many years I've used them in my home. In fact, it was my house two weeks ago today. I made my carpet flip just like brand spanking. I knew just like they'll do for you. Before you go out and spend thousands of dollars to replace your carpeting no matter how hopeless they may look right now, give dry concepts to call. Tell Troy Stratford, send you by. They will absolutely pee in their pants laughing. And let dry concepts win your carpet back to life. When they finish with their fabulous job, they leave your carpet's vibrant and cover. Sob to the touch and stain free. Dry concepts is the only company that I trust the only one you ought to be trusting too. And just in case you were aware of it, I don't want to do carpet cleaning. Also specialize in drapery cleaning. A posty cleaning deep cleaning if you're expensive of the furniture and much more too. All of these. Do they clean leather chairs? Yes. They might not have to. And that's right. They might have to clean the chair and there. Breadtokad is asked out of the tea room and let your church go in there and do an ace do's in the trace. And pretty soon it's going to be a contoursay if you don't cut the crap. I mean, without a doubt one of the best things you can do for your oriental or area or area rugs is use of quality under layment. Maybe that's what you need is an under layment right now. Like a flying carpet on the needy for a distant case. It's essential for a city life and beauty of your area. You're going to call the under layment and provide critical cushioning and prevent skating and hard floors. Okay. You might skid right down the hallway right to the tea room during this month during March kid 15% in savings on all under layment padding from dry concepts. As you know by now, I hope always professional always on time and always give you a written guarantee price up front before they do their fabulous unbeatable job. Carpour cleaning water damage restoration pet order treatments, metronome get sick by those dust mites and lots more. Call the best and trust the best dry concepts. Call them toll free and they brought out of the palm beaches and tell them that twice draft were told to call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 run the web. DryConships.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 Tuesday. Neil Rogers. Hey, hey, this is better. This is a very common act with new and new components and five operas going to be wearing girls clothes before it's all done. Hey, the five are Alberta. Why the are you looking for where we know the dress? Hey, hey, hey, hey, it will provide Lawrence and Tyler Perry. So I'm going to dress the same way. You're going to come with her. Why you calling me with that Alberta? You don't want wearing high heels. They get red rubber. That's right. That Alberta likes school on Thanksgiving. School on Thanksgiving. School on Thanksgiving. Uh-huh. No class. Well, kids, what will we learn today? You see, if you are an African American comedian and you want to know the one movie, you got to dress up like a woman. And that's so real drag. It's been 18 at five, 60 W2. I'm a he's a real lamprime, any, huh? No, not so. You're to make it back or what? Make it back? No, and never got into it. I went in there during the break and they had reloaded. Like there's a whole new crowd in there loaded. Apparently a line look a couple of downwards, a little bit. Apparently a line hit for him because Brett took forever to get out of there. So unlike number 42 now in the building waiting to get in there. George is going to take a number 42. That's how much I'm going to wait to see exactly what that consists of. Good lord. I think I'm going to run down these little these bad bits. I guess I guess it makes it funnier the fact that they're supposed to be some bad and the drop ends are like. Oh, it's tough out there for a pen. Oh, man, those are great at it. Anything? There's a lot of the quick edits we have to do like with a buttons on the board. The joy of it? Yeah. Oh, can he build out an ounce of soda? What? They're wringle. What? There's a lot of soda. There's a lot of soda. There's a lot of soda. There's a lot of soda. There's a lot of soda. There's a lot of soda. Oh, can he build out an ounce of soda? They're wringle. You know what I mean? Let me play it again. You know what's the S from star? They did these purposely so sloppy. That's what I mean. My kind of edits. There you go, Joyce. Take those and shove more to Moon Don't Shrine. Maybe they'll send her fat ass off the Vegas. Lose her in the mountain somewhere. 21 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM, happy Monday to him. Curtis Steven Sillan to today. There you go. That makes some sense. That's why he won't be back on tomorrow because we got a volume. Mad Dog at the AAA Arena. Now what's that all about? He got a big game tonight or something Josh? Oh, they're all big games. Oh, they're all big guys. Well, including four to six thirty. It's a Mad Dog at the Mickey Eris and the Enter Arena. Panther previews six thirty. They're on the road to play the Bruins at the Fleet Enema Center. Seven o'clock in just the eggboard. Ten o'clock for nine for any K. Well, look at this schedule. Let's we get any of these on vacation this week. Sir, Marna, we got Curtis of Gold fingers and a Lini Martez on Thursday. Oh, a lot of Lini Martez and Joseph Gacky this week. Like I said, way of those big white towels, baby. We surrender. We give up. We're going to do some Iraq. Police found thirty. But third man. Warfickens of the Secretary and slaughter ravaging Iraq. Most of them beheaded. Dumped on the village road north of Baghdad yesterday. At least 16 other Iraqis were killed in the US back to raid and they she had neighborhood of the capital. As the bloodshed and murder continues. Okay, here's the pull result from Friday. Twenty one hundred ninety six vote. How do you like that? Like it. Which of these women would you like to see nakedity haven't seen naked already? Naked. Jessica Alba and Jessica Simpson had a good battle going toward the ass in. But then Jessica's ass pulled ahead. Jessica Alba, hundred seventy four and Jessica Simpson won seventy five. All in one forty five. I'm sorry. Jessica Alba win it. Barbara Jenna Bush. Now let's see. Where's the one from the first time we did this? I got it in my pile somewhere. There was the one constant is that Bush twins are third. Twenty four your president's daughters. Jennifer love you at one sixteen. Why would anybody want to see that donkey naked? I have no idea. She is nasty. Yes. But should a hero vote for Sandra Bullock seventy five? None of them. I'm gay seventy two. That's three point two percent of the audience are gay. Men. I'm a head of a sexual female sixty five two point nine percent. Head of a sexual female is on this audience pretty weak. And cornerhood sixty. Barbara Eden sixty. Beyond say no. Fifty nine's Jennifer Aniston fifty five. Heather Lockler fifty four. Ryan Kerry in her one big boob and Kristen Dunst. Kristen. He's had forty four. Kristen. Excuse me. Britney Spears forty two and Nikki Conc 42. Britney had one the original one five years before in a large number. And now she's led way way down. She's not even like in a bubbling under. Also Nikki Conc had forty two. The Olson twins forty one Jessica Bill forty one. No matter how you spoke, Sarah Michelle Geller forty one. So fear for Garra forty one. Octavia overgarra the Jackie didn't get any. Faith. Phil forty one. Daisy point a thirty nine. Kristen Apple gave thirty eight. Terry Ryan thirty six. Tiffany Amber Thieson thirty one. Howard Banks twenty five. But there's a lot of people. Terry Ryan thirty six. Tiffany Amber Thieson thirty one. Howard Banks twenty five. But there's a lot of names on this list. I'm going to give them all. Gwen Stefani twenty. T. L. E. only nineteen. Hillary Duff eighteen. You're fairie. Hillary Duff didn't hear from Duff this more. I don't care. Who you are. You're fairie. He came by Lindsey low hand. He did. Yeah. You and the you have blew him off. Excuse me. Lindsey low hand seventeen Tony Brasson seventeen Julia Roberts seventeen. What's that was the movie I saw her that I had seen before. I was a little bit too much. I just shoved it away real fast. Julia Roberts. It wasn't very good. Christine Agalera sixteen. We know no rider fifteen. Ali Landrie fifteen. Melissa Joan Hart fourteen. Martin Engus fourteen. Cindy Margotless thirteen. How to get a Jew on there. Christine Brintley thirteen. Jennifer Gardner eleven. Adriana Lima ten. Vivica Fox nine. Jewels asner eight. Elizabeth Filarsky from Survivors seven. Neve Campbell six. Ali Larder. Lardas had five. Jenny Garth four. Bridget Wilson four. Rebecca Gayhart three. And Lauren Holly. That's three. I don't just under twenty two hundred vote. Out of these pool. Which we did just to the piss off. I mean to put make a point to Josh. I noticed what. No, I didn't look. I think it's valid if if he would agree. We have every opportunity for him to come out there on top. What do I know? What do I know about the public thinking on this? Well now we're finding out who is the greatest baseball player of all time. What do you think? I mean it's a fact it's just because it's a fact. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait a minute. This isn't a popularity contest. This is our greatest. No, it's not. Everyone hates Barry bonds because of his attitude. For what I ask you to. I don't want to hate me like poison too. And I will usually never want to show. So where's the logic in that? If the people I hate me will be put it down. We'd be number one tenth. That would tell how high we would be. You didn't tell where steroids that we know of. Not yet. I'm thinking about it. I'll have him have roids. Yeah. Believe me, especially from this station. Oh my god. What a pain. Okay. Let me, okay. Let's do the break. Another attempt. Well, now you can go anytime you want. Yeah. I can handle it. We can go through. I don't want to miss any of the actual prowess. So the funny might not want to miss any of that. Right. Oh my god. Well, in that case. Oh, brother. There. See, already heard it. How did I go? I didn't go into your. I just don't understand it. And this proves my point about standing there. It's a window is with waving a white flag. Is that our T room is backed up for about 1,500 deep. We got people that don't even work there. We're going to take a 1, 2, and a 3 in the Q and T room. Well, you talk about a place that's full of crap. That's us. How is that possible? I mean, it just aren't that many. What about the one down the second floor? Yeah. That's a slut. Oh. Well, if that's the case, then you're not that desperate. Don't believe me. I know from desperate. Most of us know desperate moments in our lives. No, not that area. No. Well, maybe you could like tiptoe you right on the steering. It's a technique elevator. Just got to like Gustav down the stairs. I'll slide down the stairs if I don't. And leave a trail. 28 past 10 at Q and beach forward is gone mad. It's madness in March all this month of beach forward. They just miss breaking their all time record last month in February. And so they're going to break it this month. Believe me. Right now, I said the camp forward F-150s. There was always $249 a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a proof credit. And a 39 month lease. Madness in March at beach forward means you must be mad not to take advantage of rebates in discounts up to 10 grand and all new and used vehicles. If you're not the market for new carbon or somebody who is send their ass into beach for because if they take delivery this month during March, beach forward will send you 200 bucks in cash. And that money comes from their advertising budget. So they won't take it under your friends price and piss them off. Don't miss out this once you're event beach for its madness in March. Let me say it again. Extended camp for F-150s as low as just $249 bucks a month. This counts in rebates about to 10 grand and $200 for referring your friend. So hurry in beach forward is located just two miles east of the Golden Glaze. On 160 third-speed and West to see how it guarantee you a lack of a much of a bright life on it. You'll love your beach forward experience. It's a real ride. It's a race. You're fast. 16. 16. Place in your listing to the hockey authority Neil Garth. I think that's a full full pump. Who injects his steroids in the barn. Very bums. Very bums. That's a one-usey ounce. That very bums. He may fool someone for me and for me. Well, everybody trying to drug kiss me. Who's always taking all the juice? Who's always acting so elusive? Who's broken for this through the booth? Very. Who, me? Yeah, you. Very bums. Very bums. What's going on? With very bums. From sport to street. And we'll snatch up the ten boys. Everybody say an acting. You know, you just inspired me before you're coming about how everybody hates him. Which is true. But for a pole to mom, I'm going to push tomorrow's pulled back to a Wednesday. Yeah. I'm pushing things. I'm not going to my Josh, not you. I'm pushing some things back till tomorrow. You're pushing the back at the next week. Wow. You sure going to have a whole inventory of stocked up there. Take a lot of material. What? What? You went back in there again. Is that what you told me? You went back and somebody says some different person is there. The same person is all like, well, what's going on there? What is going on there? It's going on. This is one of the great scandals of all the time. They're all lined up at the team. They're all on the throne. I've got to say this, the handy crapper is open. But I can't use that one because. I like that one. It's big in the bars, which is nice. But the seats, it's too high. And you know, I can't. That's right. A little, a little, a little, a little. I can't. You need a little, a step ladder to climb up on it. I need a firm foothold. I can't go my feet or dangling. Well, maybe somebody just told you up above the right spot. Maybe I'll take a stool with me. Anyway, Josh inspired me. Don't you think that's a good pose? Who's the most hated man? Who's your most, what athlete you hate the most? Josh, you think that's good? He will win. Very bonds? Yes. More than OJ? Oh, I don't know. That's kind of problem. See, I don't know. I wouldn't do the pull if it just, just to make very bonds look bad, which he does a good job of doing himself. But OJ, you think he can beat? I mean, he goes. Pete Rose? No, he won't beat OJ. Maybe Pete Rose gives me around for the money. Yeah, well, we'll do that tomorrow. I like that pull. Okay. Anyway, the greatest baseball tiger ball time. That's one for today. Let's stick to the day for a stoke. Let's not get too far ahead. Although George has been making a run to the hate. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's good. 644 votes. Babe Ruth, 130. That was my vote. That's what I told you on Friday. Before we took any of vote. Baby Ruth, great picture, great hitter. Great slogan. Not the fastest to foot. But nevertheless. And that was back in the day of the dead ball. As opposed to the live ball, all this water down expansion. All these girls teams. Babe Ruth, 130. I hate baseball 105. Yeah, we figured. Well, he may as 82. Say, hey, Willie. I hate this pull 69. We hate Ted Williams 58. The splendid splitter. Hank Aaron 47. Hammer and Hank. Mickey Maddo. 36. Pete Rose got $300. 30 hundred dollar bills stacked up on the table. They're at the track and they'll all be gone at about a half an hour. Very bonds 26. So he's in, let's see. If you take off the heat, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7 place. Do it a measure of 24. Just to be high, but very bonds never had Marilyn Monroe. Lou Gehrig 16. Ty Cobb 14. Now Roberto, 29. I mean, this fact Ty Cobb's only got 14. That's a time line thing. See what I'm saying? Yes. Most people don't know from Ty Cobb. There were no Ty Cobb and Cornama. It's just the whole from Eddie Cobb. What do you mean? I mean, you can't wait. That's where we are right now. And you're not doing so great, your guy. I didn't expect that book yet. What are you struggling about? You're waiting for me to send it to you, aren't you? Why would I buy that book? Because you're a big fan of very bonds and you know, a fan of what opened mine. If you want her to be truth. If you want to hear the truth, the truth still sets you free. Who came like the Lord is waiting for the truth to send him free? It's the leader. The truth being that somebody finally vacated the T-Rom Nernie. He's got the group. I'm going to have to send this scout before I bother walk out of there. I believe this has been going on for an hour now. Right. That poor little George has just been trying to make another couple of times lighter. There's no light in there. So you know, like in the old building and the old radio station, you could be people with sitting there. What do you mean all day? I mean the IOD. Places you've been before have good lighting in the turn. Like in the real radio station. People sit and read all day. Do you know that at INZ Slang Zeta, some of us hot chats like me. We used to get to use the executive team. Ooh. Which was right in Jason. You just get the mangas orifice. That's the one way to do that. That's snake on the floor. Okay. Little small little snake. I'll let you open. I'll brave a python or a terrestrial. What any thing right here? I'm sitting around the throne. I see this thing. It's a very, very small T-Rom by the way. I thought, oh, it's going to look crowded in here. I think I'll evacuate. A lot of times obtained secret memo of bush and blare meeting me for our rack war. We should take a call or two before we start hitting it in my big pile. That's a lovely story about the business. You can't afford to give you guys an extra dime but they can afford to borrow 17 million. They go and buy another radio station. What about your clowns? You people are over there man. Clowns. But they keep paying me that's all I care about. WDQAM. Hello. Yeah. Oh, he should be on the ocean. As much as I hate golf. And to be that's a game. It's not a sport. But let's put him on there Tiger Woods. Right. All right. Even a recycled man. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, put that pop on the list. Fifth potato. My ass. Get out of here. Probably got a bit poker robber blow up doll. I did like him a lot though. The New York Times reports that a secret memo from January 2003 reveals that President Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair agreed to invade a rack in without you and backing Raw story his learned. There's that Raw story again man. You are a curtain by Don Van Nettad Jr. I wonder if he's kind of down Irvine Jr. Adress is the January 31st, 2003 Memorand, in which he's linked to British author and referenced in February of this year. The New York Times was able to obtain a copy of the secret memo and confirms most of the reports. To see New York British officials confirm the authenticity of the memo but declined to talk further about it. Siting Brian's official Britain's official secret tag, which makes it illegal for the involves client-survival information. I was thinking of Brian's series. I'm sorry. Then that is article contains many quote-tacens from the memo that haven't been previously disclosed and referred to it as striking in its character's characterization of Frank almost casual conversation by Bush and Blair about the most serious subjects. Bush expected Iraq's army to fold very quickly and also told the Prime Minister that he sought to be a public and guard would be decimated by the bombing. As for the future government of Iraq, people would find it very odd if we headed over to another dictator, Blair is called to the same. According to an article on the memo published by the Guardian in February, Mr. Bush made it clear, the U.S. intended to invade whether or not there was a second U.S. resolution. And even if U.S. inspectors found no evidence of a band of Iraqi weapons program. The diplomatic strategy had to be arranged around the military planning regarding reported Bush-Tool Blair. The diplomatic strategy had to be arranged around the military planning. The Prime Minister said to raise no objection. He's quoted as saying he was solidly with the President ready to do whatever it took to disarm old Sodom and Gamora. The memo is also said to reveal that President Bush existed flying YouTube reconnaissance aircraft planes with fighter cover over Iraq, painted new encolors in order to provoke Sodom to shoot on them, therefore putting Iraq in breach of U.M. resolutions. The memo was first obtained by Philip Sands, a professor of international law at a British University and probably wrote a distant relative of Tommy Sands who had a teenage crush. They have the evidence is all there but don't confuse the public with effects. And we're Tommy Sands, capital records, teenage crush, how about orange crush? All right, so make that don't they? I think so, and select the places. Orange crush. I mean, it's time to think they make sugar free, dammit. They do make sugar free doctor pepper, but not can't feed free. I do like doctor pepper. I think they make sugar free crush. They do? I think so. Well, I'll be down. I'm going to go out and scout for it today. You get that you haven't got your pasta yet. No, I have it. Well, I'm trying to turn that's turn my life around. It has turned my big fat ass around. Wow. It's right there. Dreamfields, low car pasta. It's right above O.J. In the summer. Hmm? I'm going to do it. You should do it. It's no different. I mean, it's exactly the same. No figure what I said for eight minutes. Don't forget about that nine to 11. Eight minutes. And when we come back, these scandal of essentially that beesly adds another station in Las Vegas while we're sitting, I mean, look what you are. I got no feelings for that. Look what you guys are about. It's a thing. When you're having a big escape. You're going to go in. Do you like it to see me? Yes. How? This station presents real American heroes. I'm going to go in. I'm going to go in. I'm going to go in. I'm going to go in. I'm going to go in. I'm going to go in. I'm American heroes. We are American heroes. Today, we salute you, Mr. Overs Ellis, April Fool's Christers. You've been away for 10 minutes. And already you've put fake vomit in the scene. Field the sugar bowl was salt, put plastic wrap over the toilet, and fake doggy do on the doorstep. How hot. We can't hear really black. You were right. First of the office. Unblock everyone's computer monitor, and distribute a fake memo about switching from casual Fridays to bikini Fridays. I'm going to talk about the circuitry song. And don't forget your fart machine. You're welcome. Good morning. Good morning. So the next time you thank you, can escape him. What? You're going to be a super girl. One microphone. It's good for a multi ship. 806. Triangle the.: Here is the Morille Hip anytime.radaiftst It's a nice little ghost. Waiting with power. Tell him your right. How many battles is left? Whomever I do get? So long. Let's go man. They are flaming a pistol. Come over, let's go. Anny. $1 billion, measly broadcast group is acquired news-talk KDWN from independent broadcast or radio-innovate a corp. The deal gives measly its first AM in Vegas and its fourth station in market number 2, 32, one of the United Nations-Fast is growing markets. Vegas. Beesley intends to fund the purchase of KDWN with borrowings under its existing credit facility. Oh, God. This acquisition broadens our presence in the fast growing Las Vegas market and his consistent with our long-term strategy to develop our clusters to their fullest potential, Bayesley Chairman and CEO George Beesley said, oh yeah, the developing my cluster I've said to that, it's called Roids. The addition of KDWN improves and already great cluster creating additionally economies and scale while enabling us to provide more choices for our listeners and even more robust platform for our advertisers. Wow. Expect to declose early in quarter three this year. So by the fall, we ought to be in Vegas. All right. That would be a big improvement for you guys. Yeah, what? And with a big money Josh is making from that new deal. So how was it, Mir? I mentioned the role of putting you in a coma. Oh, yes. Wow. I didn't get it. I didn't care. Well, I wouldn't imagine this point. You wouldn't care. I feel like he just ran a mile. So the coast was finally clear. Oh. Hold those dead in the highest. And hour and a half of the Sweden for good reason. Oh, I forgot to mention right after that. We easily did the dead celebrities ran to beginning with who the hell knows buckoins. Co-host of television, he ha, and who shaped the side of country music with hits like act naturally as daddy was 76. He had more than 20 number one record. Did you know that? No, but I'm sure I must be none of the country chart. Not like. Yeah. The cause of death wasn't immediately known as the drum. Trump cancer surgery in 1992 was hospitalized with pneumonia in 1997. It sounds to me like a smoker. I could be wrong about that. It sounds like a big smoker. Probably. Can't believe it. It's so hard. Really, he taught anything that I have in the years. No, he's that. That's the he taught. God, for what's that. Oh, I'm thinking, wait a little longer. Please. Oh, yeah. Wait a little longer. Please. Oh, it's speaking. What was the thing in this video? Jesus. Let me just make a little set of message along here on the air to my neighbor who keeps you know, Jesus. And there are no Jesus Christers in my house. Okay, present past or future. And they're not going to be. So staff leave reading religious books on my doorstep. I'm going to tell you seriously. These, these, this is what people, this is what pisses people off about the religious nuts. That's right. You're just can't leave other people alone. You want to believe any crappy one. You want to put up that he is risen flag every other day. Every other circus, whatever you want to find. But leave it religious books on my doorstep. They're get away. Go away. Can I be your answer? Rest it for trespassing. You crazy people. Anyway, buckle one square is one of the most phenomenal in country music with a string more than 20. Number one records, most released in the mid 60s, mid 70s. I'll I get looked at up. All right. Well, I'm sure that means number one in the country charts, not in the pop charts. There's no way in the country charts, of course. Of course. Of course. But there's Robinson. Nice shades. And the Ozman. So there's Red Joe on him and hadn't spiritual. Well, but you don't have that. That was a good song. Two, it's two, 58. Red Joe on. Sorry, no. In instrumental. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. In 1965, we got a tiger by the tail. My thigh was number one country in from five weeks. See, all of his big hits were in in countries. No, it was picking Redneck charts. Nothing comes up in my pewds. Yeah. Of course, hopped on. Strirkeley, cram. His hits were recorded with a hockey-top, twang, that came to be known throughout California. His the Bakusfield son named for a town, Hunter Mow's north of L.A. That owns, called home. The Bakusfield son. Yeah, yeah. I think the reason was so well-normous, expected by younger generation of country musicians, because he was an innovator and a rebel, said, whoever this is somebody Jim Shaw who played keyboards in a one's band the buckaroo's oh that's always buckoens in the buckaroo's he did it out of the national establishment had a raw edge Oh buckoens is dead and believe me none too soon who cares on how about that guy that got killed down there at home Steadless weekend you see them yes I did well that's that is what it's all about isn't it Yes it is all about going around and round and round and especially they came though crowd can see you fire we credit them proud who's only in practice I know that any other decency is what you're proud there yeah he could that's right could have at least wait until there was a bunch of Spectators who they got in their jolly's because that's what they go for oh no we don't need if you just understand I do understand believe me I understand it might he well how's your buddy Joe Castello he's probably shaken by that or stirred seven eleven that's a number of hosts we got oh I This seven eleven oh my cthousand they're easy who is the greatest baseball player of all time baby root 145 is the very bonds got a candy bar named after him no I should have put Fidel Castro on that whole has a very bonds got a I can't he bar no you ever see a very bonds floating in a punch bowl no Not yet but a baby Ruth in fact remember the song arose in a baby roof by George Hamilton the fourth not to be confused with the bad actor George Hamilton down and then on ABC perm out records look it up or you don't got it how that to Rose and baby Ruth sorry they were both in the punch bowl I hate baseball one fifteen baby with one forty five fully maze eighty seven it's not even close I hate this full seventy four what yamama ten William sixty two Hank Aaron fifty Mickey Mendel forty one p rose thirty four jodermaggio twenty seven we didn't put Hank Greenburg or Hank Goldberg on here very bonds twenty seven times jolten jodermaggio who just with the Merlin one row factor moved into a tie with Barry who's dropping like a rock blue garrard nineteen Barry bonds couldn't carry luge garrings jackstrap tie cob sixteen and Roberto Clemente every but I'll be about fourteen out of you but whatever it'll I mean up I know what I mean up up in a way like superman 717 and that pole man we are really kicking ass on our website on the year it's another story altogether all we have a couple of calls on there you want to take how many Q a m hello Hello yes sir hey the following you'll baby Ruth was not named after the baseball player really now it's named after thirty rolls of old starter the game you have to throw those fun facts on the food channel my wife forces me to watch and probably the Mars bar wasn't him after the planet either was it I probably wouldn't even discover to that point right that's a good degree oh stop here thanks for the good news by how do you like that there's a little piece of useless trivia in fact if you want jeopardy someday the question it is yeah baby Ruth what a horrible show no it is good it's awful I think that Alex tribute must be Canadian or something so you don't know any of the questions I know the questions mister you just don't know the answers that's the problem the answer is see I'll tell you the original host on that show he really turned me off what was his name I can never think of I don't know yes you do I don't watch it those days Jim Jane Jane what was your name I don't know no you know who I have a ghost of the dance and though very stuffy guys kind of like made to show what it is it's almost like what's his name almost ruined the real fortune of the first host that idiot Richard Dawson no not Richard Dawson was not a queer reporter was that guy what it does the ceramic Dalmatians art Fleming was the art Fleming very good thing he would have the answer is yeah he was so a stale man no recollection of that so stale he was no Alice Trabik and the original host Chuck Swirry which by the way I'm with you on the Alex Trabik thing he doesn't do a thing for me no I just want to hear about the swirry that's oh yeah yeah yeah was he really Yeah and then he was on like some horrible the love would love connection and say he's just terrible he's awful you're right love connection and the squeal of fortune he then there's single handedly killed and then they brought on patent vana I was done somebody other day lady friend of mine a woodbine and she said something she's always joking about oh go fan oh yeah I was some like that and I said you know she's 57 years old and she said oh you found out and I felt like I usually you've done bitch you found out yeah I found out I did some investigative work I heard a spy Yeah it's really difficult you know I was thinking about patent vana then I found out how old she was Let's take a look at her feet since you're a big foot cry take a look now let's try and let Like that'll probably see I asked a direction for life if you see her feet my god She's got ancient feet her feet look like all the Roosevelt's feet probably look like a walches feet. Yeah Dominic you a and hello 2 a n Yeah, you just told you know that the Mars power streamed after the family who founded the company That's right, okay and I've been named after rain ours to speak in a TV game shows remember rain Arts no yeah you do rain ours he was one of the and his brother his brother and he was his brother was a guy It was our name that tune what that was his name with the glasses all the time I love that show They should bring that back name that tune. Uh-huh a lot of playing the Lord his brother was also a professional game show host rain ours and Because chicken neck would know I got no wait for the delay to catch up you'll tell you And about half an hour in the late cages of chicken neck or put it and tell you what his brother's name was which his name was nothing It was kind of like the other brothers colon and Dining and Dan Joey car and Steve Cohen you know brother is the different last names W2 AM hello Kennedy that was his name judge something Kennedy 2 AM Yes, I think I think Josh is right about the whole power bonds is in disadvantage because no one likes them and just because you don't like them It does mean is not one of the best baseball players now you got seven or eight guys in front of him So if anybody like bear and Pete rose they hate him like poison. He's a well I had a very bond so get a Don't think Pete rose for the greatest player. Okay, let's do this how about if we put on there Whether you like him personally or not It doesn't it's not gonna make a difference it's not gonna make a difference. It's not gonna make a difference People are gonna vote see you guys are gonna just try to rationalize okay because you're a bug just like this kid He's a pump. What does he know about baby Ruth okay? Look, babe. Look. Look. Look. He probably and he was probably in there with George looking for baby Ruth's float around and I got no problem that That's our rule school. I got no problem with anyone saying babe Ruth is a greatest player. I wasn't a baby. Was it a baby Ruth in the punch cooler was it a Carc bar jacknars and Tom Kennedy what did I say? I have no idea I remember that fight all right. That's the other one and Tom Kennedy what's his brother right very good That was back in the heyday of game shows baby when we had good game shows not the swell We got like now like that who wants to be a millionaire? You know that like that's that's bad. I like Regis a lot before he has been involved in some of the worst crap is Neal Rogers This is the Neil Roger show This is your brain Any questions It's big and a boat There is a child Living down in Mexico Who has to go to work at every day Sysit is desk Making clothes for cat TV Loss the work But those in love the pain They are the kids Who made the clothing They are the ones who make a bucket of days of week Come and play It's just goes the make-and The time you love to find It's true they make a proper day with caffeine And there's certainly some by the way all this hoopla on all this caring on around a country if as many people were protesting Yes, the illegal war in Iraq and all these dead people Then I say hey you go for it right but all these people that are running around caring on all they're doing is saying hey We're breaking the law right legally we want to be legal once it has changed a law so that illegal aliens can be cut Then that's what it's really all about right. Let's reward law breakers That's right. Let's reward people for a guy You know digging those tunnels and coming through illegal So that all your big business can have a bunch of cheap labor and maybe Americans would do those jobs if they offered them a decent way If they pay me the way but they don't even the Haitians would do it there you go I just said that's where that kind of hates the Haitian Crazy girl. I had a Haitian fix the flat tire over the weekend nothing wrong with the Haitians man They saw them baseball's real tight so very bonds could it some homeruns? I tell you what he told me but we'd have to dump it. Oh really? You have to do with like a blood clot? No, I'm not that said you're making things. I'm sorry. That's right. Someone some kind of a clot No, wait a second. What were you shot up Mars? Did you know that Mars makes what we knew three musketeers, right? Yeah, you know that Mars see Mars was the family that invented this all this stuff that's killing us The killing people for years with their addictive candy M&Ms did you know that Mars made M&Ms? No, I didn't God, I really need some crap today. Man you kids out there This is educational as a kiss you learn more on this show in a half an hour than you will in school in 15 years. What? I belched oh Here's they got a nice to website to what today Mars is an 18 they ought to have it's an 18 million dollar Binis on speed of that our total on our fundraiser 20,755. Ooh, man. It's just pouring in by the dollar. I don't care. Good. Perhaps more surprisingly unusual for business of our size we're still privately owned making us more of the largest small family businesses in the world it says here And it goes on and on and on and it got picture of I can't tell what that other thing is. It's got a three musketeers bar. It's I don't like three musketeers kind of like mushy, you know, not Not like mushy. You can't do it. Yeah exactly. It's all we're moving out. I don't have like anything you're signing out right I suppose to a Mars bar now Mars bars when you put them in a freezer. Ooh, they got the shredded coconut No, I like crazy about shredded coconut don't they Mars bars? I don't like credit that shredded product. I'm enjoying it. I'm gonna get with it Mr. You know what I mean? I'm gonna take the Mars they're gonna crawl into here pretty soon. We need to I want a second opinion. What? I think they both have shredded coconut Let me see it again Mars bars then have any coconut. I'm taking what during the next break I'll go across to the convenience store. I'll get one okay I won't eat it. Yeah, I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. No, I don't want no candy bars Here's a very amusing this fact is very funny and you want it. Why look at the head around it? Yeah Oh, says Neil all that and if this is a chronic regular so it's obviously a big hit It's a whole thing is fake. Yes. Although there's no doubt funds is a holiday and player probably 200 of his home runs are Chances are he would have done 500 500 for a career great stats but certainly not nearly the best ever right Certainly Willie May is my vote was truly the greatest player now. I wouldn't say certainly but they you're in total That opinion and Babe Ruth had more home runs than entire teams during the dead ball era, but never faced blacks or his fannings Babe Ruth and then the head or says the best kids family. Oh, how's his into doing? Still having trouble finding the finish line? That's into vansk is my ass god Now here's the what is this thing? I'm supposed to be able to read this is a good luck See how we're good in this commentary. I'll tell you honestly just throw it away. Yeah, I'm going through it away official to row a Gak there. We were we always I've talked about this a long time ago. This is old news This is old news about the way to stay to Florida's punishing this guy For trying to you know get the voting machine straight in our mind. I am central how many stories that I have about this? I'm adding it. It's sending me this ancient craft you people need to get with it Georgia thinking he might have some ancient cranks. Not anymore man. Oh, thank god From the paleolithic age Wow, I just buy that shocking to me because knowing the lay of the land there. Yeah, it goes to sure Maybe they're starting to lay down some real serious Threats when that sales core, you know that could be it was right after that sales meeting Good, that's it and they're all in there believe you me those guys ought to be doing a green apple quick step right out the door Troy stratford near the front of the list by the way here. Here's a guy and hair to the bunch of accounts have had on a year for years And he is working Selectively one by one to destroying them and as far as service and a kind a copy for good about none his lingo It's not in his lexicon is nobody's driving lexicon I don't forget if you drive a lexicon you can park free at the panthers starting July 1st at the macarina But if you don't it's gonna cost you a hundred dollars The greatest baseball player of all time we got almost a hundred of all so I'll be this one is turning their fancy schmancy I didn't like that Josh we got 750 eight how much a very bonds that are better than a 758 they moved 157 now if you ever seen like click skill Fifties of a roof yeah, I was a little bit of a well aware of a favorite. I don't know he might have been tall But he was a tub he was tummy. Yeah, he was fat. Yes, you are he looked about as much like an athlete as a Baseball player Nicky Lola to your fat he could play some his fair share of positions, though couldn't run But why do you keep saying that he played he was a pitcher any played right feel? I don't know any other position the ever played other than maybe prong we might have played first like I don't think so Look at all things race he did with who I said he might have a little bit I could make first base, you know you're starting to really frost my ass Like we frosted and and I'm not that big of a baby with fans not like I was alive Even as ancient as I in this minute I'm good with him man. I'm good with it over here. Oh, okay Don't worry baby route. Here we go. Let's see the official baby with website. How do you like that? Yeah, he did play first base also he did yeah, well I mean all these guys when they get to the end of the career when they're totally immobile Which he was never very mobile in the first place they put him like a statue on first base I mean like in the middle and Kind of like we're moose scour news to be and Johnny my you know like 13 How about Johnny my is was he chocolate liberal was raw with Johnny my? How you anti semantic or something and what about our rosin speak in a Jewish ball player than Hank Greenberg and bugsy Salomon who I don't know 766 nine votes on they were very bonds are still sucking wind in fact Pete rose past him Joe to as you know past them look at Don't enjoy us got Met you Merrill on my rose name Jolton Joe got some more admiration there Jolton Joe. We know what I crowd is listening good God with what does that mean so Another to get a load listen today. I see only old people Okay, let's take a poll if you're under the age of How's that first of all how how did like a 20 year old guy? What does he know about great baseball player? Look I I have you got what is he got to gauge it on what does that mean? Just what I'm saying You're talking because I'm new school doesn't mean I appreciate that's like saying how about a 70 year old kid Ask him who's the greatest lay in the world or in the kind of like stupid question That's totally different. He might know They fall together. You're a major baseball's a game of stats though. You can look and it's not a game of stats Everything is with it. You have to put the stats in perspective That's a put stats in perspective and don't forget who looks good out there Got a factor that in what what does that kind of to do with it? Who looks good out there? How many good looking ball players are there nowadays? You told me look you're only good and baseball you're only is all here Don't worry for it on Tom's dick. I'm a wait for this deal with Tom's dick was ripping you What acid about 1 a m Friday night Saturday morning in between bedding for phone calls? He was ripping me in ass. Well, you know what Tom good luck to you, okay? I tuned in after the gator game to see what Eddie case take would be and there was Tom He kept teasing before commercials. They was gonna talk about the situation with my buddy and Neil and he still is my buddy He said he ran something on your 20th and 25th anniversary and there's nothing left to say and then an anniversary is Not an entitlement to get you name in the newspaper. Oh, I see I guess they heard must not feel that way Not in time to get you name in the paper. Well, what what is that? So another thing that they will have to know after you wrote the big pieces on the 20th and 25th anniversary We get that so I see that's it. Well, you know, it's screw you Tom He also said it calls me that Neil says I get paid to do this show I don't care whether I don't give a crap what you get paid or not Is if anyone would pay to put a month's is the a factor, but I'd address he says that would be a conflict of interest They never take some money even when he does other radio shows on other stations And it is right about any k because they They shower together He also said to ask you if you once said that reading on the air was boring and that pulls were weak My kid Malborg they're reading on the air is boring in us on the one it's doing it and pulls are we can less word and ones are doing I like that Tom I got news for this more entertainment the first five minutes is just doing the crossover with Hank every day There's more entertainment than a 400 year comms put together. I'd like that speak it a week Speaking of borrowing just just Google times you can a sentimental thing there Just go on a sense out of a website and Google times you can go ahead to and in and look at the last 50 comms and see if everyone is in another Puff piece another one of our standard puff pieces about some stupid as network TV show all the same not one line Forget about me how about the other people that worked their ass off in his business for years and years nothing zippity do da Tommy Matter of fact. I'm gonna play seven on our him Yeah There's more humor in air than any of time tickets 4,000 comms put together plus a few a day on Sunday We finally had to admit that he got the information wrong about the Greg beauty last Sunday And about the fact that he got an email from Greg and he's not an Alabama or he is still an Alabama What a band you want his knee and he's also on 640 whatever that is oh God just unbelievable It's one o'clock in the morning when there's nobody awake and he's on your ripping me in and go ahead time out of the time I'll take my paycheck. No problem you take yours And he still has a fine looking son even in the local teens rally in San Francisco speaking of young people More than this is so this is pathetic I'm gonna say it for after the break because it's a long and I want to interrupt it to tell you what's going on Good, it's a glacier belt is that what they say in China? It's a glacier belt. I think it's what they say and they know they're going over there Believe you me. I still don't understand how people are Biologically constructed the way that Chinese are have made a billion people that has to be Probably the greatest miracle in his big human race quantity that quality now. I'm just telling you I just don't know how they do it. I mean I think a general idea It's hurricane hotline 31077 20-course our steaks in South Miami Top college hoops with head coach Frank eighth here on 560 QA William Mill God Darren Stone is back in basic instinct too We're going to take you down to have a question now dear Max about to come on she's getting older and she's still up to her old tricks That's a question man. Would you mind if I uncurst my name? Frankly, ma'am yes Just give me a second oh my earth's the right is this exact thing I'll put it up up please. I think my knees are not here. Oh, so good. This anyone have any banjee Please against these two are the sequel with a few new rain poles I see what you don't need to unstrap my honey a trust first Right now There's some more that great film material that we play after breaks just to come call it to throw an idiot 11 16 at 560 WDQ I got news for he no sure he was he an old in the Thornton That's for damn sure he is what he is oh and by the way more good news from Iraq I don't think we got this in the first good bulletin at least 30 people More than 30 others wounded today by a suicide bomber outside an northern Iraq recruitment center for security forces However the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said 40 people were dead so you know 30 40 who's counting? It's unclear who might have suffered casualties, but US military spokesman said no Americans were injured Thanks God That's what it says right there in the CNN story. Thanks God in parentheses Here's that story again about them evangelical teens. What is wrong with you people are you crazy or what? Oh god More than 25,000 evangelical Christian youth slanted Friday in San Francisco For a two-day rally at AT&T parking against the virtue terrorism of popular culture and they were greeted by an official city condemnation And a culture protestors who said they were a venom on a delay Fashes to make a pepper alley Oh, you're right a fascist mega pepper alley. You know it sounds like a cabinet meeting in the White House Battle cry for generations led by a 44-year-old concord native Ronald loose who wants God's instruction book to guide young people away from the corrupting influence of popular culture Loose whose teen manual organization is based in Texas kicked off a three-day reverse revenge into a Friday night and tended to counter a popular culture that he Says glamorizes violence and sex The $55 events ticket for two days of musical performances and speeches were sold out the lockup admission was available for 199 bucks what a bargoon while those kids were their busy in San Francisco stir in a pot George was smoking it Watching some getch you there at the where was it the macarina? Oh, poppin O B chapter. Well, what was that some some Hacita Even bother you know you checked out musically a long time ago maybe 20 years or so. Yeah, oh I see it's my good guys name not this Yahoo And I do you know who that it yeah man is one not this Yahoo Yahoo. Yeah, who that's right? Whoever heard of a Jew named Yahoo everybody I've heard of BB netting Yahoo Can to be the end by the way. How's that we all sure own doing? Let's see him no more. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm at the concert though I got to say He was sitting in the first three rows. He was marching with Moishi after stops in Detroit and Philadelphia in the next few weeks Loose wants to unleash a blitz a blince of youth pastries of the community To do everything for work with the homeless to find the ways to bring others to Christ He challenged youth leaders to level their size of the groups nice here and let me say again if my neighbors be many more Jesus books and my my doorstep any place else I'm gonna stick him right up there ass god what a bunch of maniacs Hey, that's I mean this is this is what it's all about they just won't leave you alone It's a lot of stuff you'll think them from heaven. Maybe I need to put up a banner there and Jesus isn't welcome here Okay, go go bother somebody else with your crap There you silly as Jesus Christ is you put something say tear it on your door and then those plans to return to San Francisco next year to church the progress they're making Oh, yeah, that's a good place for it. That's bad news to assemble in Mark Alino Democrats San Francisco who told counter protesters is it city hall on Friday They're all such fundamentalists maybe small a number. They're allowed. They're obnoxious that is disgusting They should get out of San Francisco and I would say he is Loose didn't flinch in the face of the counter protest. The author hosted the acquire the Fire TV cable TV program acquire the fire Our and a prison portion of quality to a federal anti drug abuse commission Once teens defined Bible basalusions for the spread of sexually transmitted disease teen pregnancy drug abuse and suicide That's right. In other words the messages go screw your brains out and then pray like hell to God That you don't catch anything and that the way it works. That's the way it works. Yeah, Bible basalusion pray a lot Put your hands together and prayer Now we're hot to our set of ones and he do a couple of brushes there and I don't know that concert? No, he he sink them though No, the villains lose said range from the promiscuity and sexualization of young people on MTV and the popular online meeting hub miceface.com To a corporate culture that spends millions trying to woo the under 21 crowd We want to woo them battle cry. We'll try to bring them back to God through two days of religious rockers Speakers in the debut of what loose call they Christian alternative for my space.com This is more than a spiritual war loose said it's a culture war military metaphor is a bound and losing description of the struggle He tells young people how an enemy is launched a brutal attack on them and a pre battle cry rally Friday If Newman steps to city hall loose told is mostly teenage audience that terrorists of a different kind Advertisers were targeting them that they were caught in the middle of the battle are you ready to go to battle for your generation He asked in the young people Lord Yes Some way triangular red flag phone from long media even looking polls Oh God, there's nothing like a long media-looking poll. I've seen a few of those now. I've seen many loses approaches been praised by conservative leaders from urban jury fall while the Fox news commentated the anxious Sean Hannity much of these statistical backing for the horrors loose these on TV is provided by the turntile vision council of figures which is funded by conservative foundations. This is the Linden hairy Bradley foundation What if that's the Paul in foundation but I kind of doubt it for a pop off those alliances weren't lost on the 50 protests He was representing a rainbow was San Francisco's left From abortions rights advocates to anti-war protest activists to atheist who stage Friday's kind of protest There was a real intolerance seat to a homosexuality a lot of these organizations said Peter Cove An organizer would not an hour name earlier this week the board of supervisors passed the resolution can dimming the act of provocation by what it turned in Anti-Gay anti-Chorus organization that aimed to negatively influence the politics of America's most tolerant and progressive city Luce said it was the first time on the end of course. That's where very bonds plays That's just a coincidence. I think not Luce said it was the first time one of his events has been officially condemned a battle cry invitation teenagers may play the symbolism of gathering in San Francisco for a pre-event rally If he very sitting house steps were several months ago game marriages were celebrated for all the world of sea How much a Bobby vines is rolling in his grave isn't been there very long either same six marriages another side of the end of the time End of time so here we go Oh, I remember when I was a little kid back in early 50s those your hope is witnesses Would come on to knock it on the door with that watch tower. Oh the end there a little kid the it just leave me alone. Okay, and let me go back and watch clipper get out of here same sex marriage is another side of the end of time since Sheryl and David Referring to the apocalypse that some fundamentalist Christians believe is foretold in scripture They 22 year old San Jose administrative assist and came to battle cry with 15 other young lunatics on Friday I'll be joined by 60 other friends over the weekend. Well, it's too late. They're all gone now Christian Gale in a 15 year old in town with his assembly of God youth group from Humboldt County Shoggrop being called fascist by counter demonstrators doesn't bother me Gale instead it's a beautiful city And we don't have anything against the protesters His youth pastor had no interest in gaeseing and political debates. I'm not here to hate anybody Scott Thompson said This isn't about Bush or Gaze or anything other than being here to worship together. They were all going They'll God that's not how some liberal leaders saw it even if it's done by a Barnum and Bailey crowd with a tent and some snake oil. I think we need to pay attention to what supervisor Tim and Yano said what the condemnation resolution we shouldn't fall asleep at the wheel Separated by barricades and six feet of neutral sidewalk in front of six city hall the two sides treated the amplified calls to arms on Friday On one side of the beret he was a girl carrying a son that said instead of porn Show us godly relationships on the other woman held one that said I moved here to get away from people like you Great as battle cry organizers walk through the crowd of young people telling them don't engage with them One rain so crowded him and straight ill and next time come back in summer Loose said they will we're gonna be back here in a year to see what kind of progress who maybe said we're gonna be back at AT and T park or whatever It's called then how do you like that for a shot? I moved here to get away from people like you right next There's something I think I'm gonna put that banner up on a front of my house or her or else I might just put a sign on my neighbor's house I moved here to get away from people like or I moved away from here to get away from people like you're Honey like that in my case, huh? I got out of here to get away from people like you good God and that's all happening in San Francisco though I'm a very bonds who is not doing really well on this polesco's people don't like him It won't give him his due he's way down there. This is true. All the way has edge ahead of Joe de again That's where the real battle is okay nine hundred 16 votes is not even 11 30 and for Christ's sake Who is the greatest baseball player of all time and in fact my hobbit hotel said that they were booth 165 I hate baseball 132. I got news for let's take a poll on who's the greatest hockey player ever Talk about bad poll Then we can do curly. Yeah, who's the greatest color well on doubt the lady late sandwich murder For just when she got famous. She croaked you know, that was bad. I had babe Ruth 165 a heat baseball 32 Willie May say hey 104. I hate this. He won Ted William 72 Henry R and 58 hammer and Hank hammer and Hank Mickey Mendel 41 P rose 38 Barry bonds 32 Joe D. Jolton Joe 31 is run on Barry's ass on his steroid laden ass the size of a Ty Cobb 22 is this in watermelon Lou Geary 21 and Roberto Clementine 19 out of 19 what lovin Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, my guess back. Oh, a doctor named Pepper스�mi. Are you talking about the This. Open you yoursypaka-a-a, oh, you're telling me this, then sorry, I say sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not sorry. Oh, a doctor called Pepper 부드�, I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. It's fair to my toys. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. You know, 솔직히 words fit into the tea. Now it's a year. That was him. That's it. That sums him up in three little to I'll have you. Twenty eight till noon at five 60 WC, if not a QAM. Bear in mind. I'm going to give him the wrong number. I can see nine hundred eight thirty three and a pull, not nine. OK. Not behind. Well, and not because Robert is behind hanging over over. He has like an elbow cross. Five six seven 총 five, 60 pound five six. Let's get a lot of calls on him. a call is on here make Tom jac happy i do a jim understand the thing with time in me it's not personal business i like time times okay personally i've had some nice lunches with him he's not a bad guy right far enough step on easy me sure the new are comes up to your kneecap i think but two feet tall got that's not personal it's strictly been his time don't don't uh... and the and the you know the sea said that look where that's by before i'm surprised you don't have whole bunch of spy reports aren't you i'm so you think that everybody in town would have been up on a clock and what he was i could predict show that's right taping it at least right and making it taking notes to make sure they got all the info right five six seven oh five sixty and pound five six in the right and see the relis line mars bars do not have co-canon trust right what a second of it i'm a like candy mister you're gonna send me what a mars bar no i said i want a second opinion no w q a m hello hey niel yes sir you two george how you doing here you know uh... a few weeks ago i was flipping the channels on my t-v-a and i came across many hints and i'm sorry and yeah my wife was to the right i'm lucky day yeah my wife was to know when i left it on half about five minutes he turned me so this is a joke and i think it was this is their dead serious yeah so it's a big task for you geophys what it is and she just she couldn't believe it she's i says this is this is what's run in the country now no no that's what's run with the world and the world we ever since the beginning of time that's what that's the world for you and i i love the difference with she when he brings the people out and he touches them and they're all they all that now i'll go right to the floor yeah of course and it's oh i just wanted to throw that in well thank god you've been healed my son got where i'll pray for you is george there he's there i love george i like to be for vendetta i thought it was great okay had a few plot holes in it but i'll i don't know i know zero so i'll tell you that i'll try to hold the middle of it see if i can see a family okay any hand you ain't lived until you see Benny hen in fact i'd rather see Benny hen than go to Benny Hanan haven't throw some of them uh knives at me like go to oj's house five six seven and that will be interesting wanted to see whether the least popular athlete would be uh i don't think very bansy mc of oj of run for the money do you do you or no not even close oj will be triple digits in no one even close oj oj mself i have twenty five out of the fact if you really want to be scientific you should just leave oj out of there no no no no see what you want to do is make very bans of winners to just need see yeah you i don't know who that is you would know very bans from gary u.s.bans okay James bans writes wqa and hello yes sir yeah how are you doing i've got a forl scyler board yeah i don't know are you still laying an out with i mean i'm not gonna be in what what what what what about him what about him i get all i get all i listen to how it's in the morning and then when he's also listening you guys and he was on there this morning yeah how's it always uh what the my food yeah but um did you mention again how he was number one when he was in my amy the lab about his ratings again like he always does you know it's funny he didn't say a word about my amy he said oh man would be on the west coast somewhere i don't remember what city was it but he was in the lander oh i'd land a but other than that he was another point because i think he said yeah he uh James and he was around a lot he seems that way but i mean now that they can kind of say whatever they want over there yeah um it's called a funny i guess yeah i think you know okay thanks it was kind of funny he guesses in other words he's trying to cancel like he's trying to talk himself into it that's what it sounded like yeah do i mean qa and hello qa and hello yes sir yeah i know i do great um mountains is the one that's coconut what is it Mars mountains far oh miles right mountains that's what we're thinking of it's all in ground mountains that's where he's got to be right you somewhere right that's it and you would think of all the people who would know his mountains your to be the guy right but you know and and of all the people i should know their nuts co-bright what do you well mountains got both it's got coconut and nuts so it's got some purple co-co nuts he knows it's okay i'm not i'm not uh i don't know what he was about that yeah i'll stick if i'm ready candy bars i still say score you know score when he farted mornbrush he bet then he fart crunch ice cream man that driers oh don't get me started with it's got them to do it so well so well and you're the one who always is the instigator oh and you know just like my grandmother pushing we one hand and pulling that's what they're pushing it here as now so i ask and i'm talking about a food i'm talking fact yeah say what you that probably's been learning about how your fat friends everybody know who's fat dies which is true and then the other hand always bring this up now had you didn't you're the one that said the marz is out of this world or something like that and uh which is one you're the one the product baby who's not any candy bar you know said you were a poulm and joy they're like all the other fat people want to blame somebody else it's your fault that's right so you can't you a m hello good morning you're sir uh what the guy was trying to say about Scott was that uh he landed a permitting feed with hour now uh he's got money to Friday something like 8 to 11 and uh that's like his other channels something like that but uh he did talk about my amy said this was the shortest stint in radio about sixty months and then they he got fine like three times uh first of all he got fine one secondly he was here for four months he wasn't here for eight or eleven months he was not well he said sixty something like that now this was the shortest time he was not really well not true he was the first station in land it was like a matter of weeks and they see right I don't know that's what I thought because I'm listening while the time I mean is a compulsive liar okay I don't give it on what he says he's a compulsive liar and then there's one more thing you know about the penny hinting that they got was talking about there's a book I forgot what the name of the book is but some guy was involved in his cult quote and quote and he says that guy is a money loving greedy s.o.b. you know what I mean we have all he cares about of course it's all he cares about you can tell and his diamonds and his rings and his bracelet right well that's why he's always smiling though because he's a you know business is good exactly and I have a request anything from far harry meal okay sir thank you sir see this around and again not personal I don't even know him that well I mean he's one of those people you couldn't get him to stand still long enough to like having a tells a conversation even a super-conversing I mean he was exactly the same off the earth he is on here no difference and the thing that really gets me is like the beast who is the other one they go when he was in Atlanta well the beast was Atlanta for some ballgame and the stop by hung out with for real well what's that all about wasn't for all of one it was always talking about how he wanted him off his show and he was the one that just like with mower you know the same thing all every every problem he had every failure was because of the beast and get about wasn't that the largest demon at I don't know I don't remember that when everything we do with drugs would it or here's what it says Morris vars did not have shred of core where we got that straight no it's mown it's mowns baby big he being mowns on that note how about a future pull for what your all-time favorite candy bar is it all that's there we go now we've done yeah now there is something okay see time little Tommy it's not just that pulls a barrier all depends of what they're all about but what it goes on here says anybody got a new watch anybody by an interesting watch or how about that milky way dark let's talk about that for three hours god they talk about karma inducing good morning Americans it's Paul Harvey stand by for news bill and his wife buffy were sitting in church bill sleeping buffy knitting the priest asked who created the earth and man a buffy poked bill with her knitting needle and bill screams god the priest looked at him and said that's right any as always got some one smore buffy poked her husband bill with her needle the screen jays as again the priest said correct finally the priest asked what did he say who at him when she didn't want any more children well buffy poked her husband bill again but this time he screamed poked me with that thing one more time and i'm going to rip it off the priest said that's right Paul Harvey good day good day lemman 45 was a good thing we don't hear from him much anymore in order you'd probably be here commons sausages probably you're kidding he felt at the middle of the pack with this crowd we have yeah that's right he's one of our better colors a little time it is a a little bit of a patient though that's not an invitation he'll be on there a csu age passed you caught in gays x thing yeah always must be a mistake more proper gander the american civil liberties unit is championing the cause of a seven back this minister arrested no klamicity for inviting a male undercover officer to join minis hotel room for oral sex maybe he was going to go to oral Roberts University that could be the Reverend lani luke lay thin sixty was charged with a single misdemeanor kind of luteness last month after propositioning an officer in a hotel parking lot lathe had been a public opponent of same sex marriage and urge gay men and lesbians to change their sexual orientation with the help of jesus christ oh yeah although lathe mispleted not guilty insisting that he was attempting to minister to the under cover policemen he was the i just got a minister to him who's given a a little presentation was going to add minister he also filed a motion last week to dismiss the case based on constitutional arguments and a separate friend of the court brief i'll be the same day the a csu argue that oklahomas luteness that to disobey broad and can blitz with the u.s. Supreme Court ruling striking stotty laws and lorence versus sexes in that case the court is still the right to privacy to encompass private consensual and on commercial adults sex including homosexual sex the oklahomas luteness that to it in turn out laws the giving a receiving of the body for indiscriminate sexual intercourse flaxial cuddlingist masturbation angel intercourse or lesbians lustful world as sensious conduct with any person not his or her spouse good god what a catalog sure the cover's a lot so there you go first to show you all you closet closet queens out there on the closet pastures especially you saw the back is don't be a go in and uh petalino by and wears an oklahoma here comes farma height 911 controversial filmmaker Mike Dolores targeting the drug companies send me your health care stories reads the appeal the stark request has a letter from Michael Moore the controversial filmmaker published on his website last month which asks for real for examples of people's bad experiences of hospitals insurance companies and drug makers sense to me like kind of a remake of hospital jorty scott except this one ain't gonna be a drama no gonna be a tragedy right well and the medical care and american is a tragedy renowned for his documentary fair night nine level which he took on the bush administration over the war and i rack more as latest targets the health care industry and long overdue work on the film which is called sicko has been in progress since 2004 and it's finally expected to be familiar later this year but already speculation about his content has put the industry on the offensive they're pretty offensive all right because most of you doctors are butchers well let me give you an educated guess a good diagnosis a hangmail if executives at health care companies where they might come out badly in the film Moore's letter leaves little doubt have you ever found yourself getting ready to file for bankruptcy because you can't pay your kids hospital bill and then you say to yourself boy i should like to be in michael more's health care movie more says he'll read every letter if you've been abused in any way by the sick greedy grubby system and it's caused you where your loved ones great sorrow and pain let me know he says executives in the west of the forthcoming film is a cause for concern but most are resounded the fact that more is unlikely to take a balance to approach all jays the film is a concern but michael more has very little credibility with mainstream americans as can johnson the senior vice president the trade group pharmaceutical research manufacturers of america for every horror story maclamore produces we can produce a thousand success stories but he's not interested in them nevertheless however it's just not more was on the attack other films such as the constant gardener all what a piece of garbage based on the novel by john the karei about the corruption industry in africa which one britains Rachel why sonoscores best supporting act of the last month and the book hard sell the evolution of a vag resalesman by a former phyzerin point the only entity industry's woes woe is me melvin's woe with your marched junior actual drug scandal such as the withdrawal by murk of viox it's pain reliever two years ago after concerns about side effects on which is triggered widespread litigation against the company haven't helped the industry's relations with the public most executive y'all i'm just starting to think the treestay for john the payroll across the street uh... just just don't mind the middle of the story most executive is probably admit that industry still has problems communicating what it does medicine not just playing greeny according to johnson unrelated to more scum the industry itself has become more aggressive and respond to criticism and of course in buying all those spots on the evening news every night between sixty and seven one after the other after the new notice that i did air v single night just one after the other why is your doctor about uh... leveter i is your doctor about uh... crest or a uh... on and on among other things the association is signed montel Williams oh god and any word when he's syndicated talk was to promote awareness of existing drugs and drug assistance programs the efforts have paid off court of johnson the past industry has improved its favorability rating from forty five to fifty four percent they just turned the numbers around it's all companies have also become more proactive black so smith client your biggest representative for example as long as they value of medicine campaign under which it sales representatives are encouraged to promote positive aspects of the industry like not everybody's dead yet a spokesman says the thinking behind the campaign was put in place before the reform of the medicare system the state run system which provides coverage for the only which took effect this year black so smith client is also wants to new and campaign in the u.s. catch line such as it's easy to put someone on the moon in the developer drug and today's medicine's finance tomorrow's miracles are decided for motor awareness of the work drug companies do right and all the money that they've had the detail matter painted the doctors so they can poison you and kid in early age all of these things can't wait for sicko all the way think we hear from them every day don't we eight hundred seventy nine so it's on the pool we got a little battle here to get to a thousand away not really who is the greatest baseball player of all time they grew with hundred and seventy eight i hate baseball on forty four willy maze one fourteen what kind of pansies hate baseball i mean i hate baseball now or land i was a hated but i'm just having a interest in now but i mean what kind of a person like over the age of like other than George who's just a hard as i don't hate baseball and i didn't see there you go you wouldn't vote for that was a fine player in my day well there you go what's the hey as kids growing up most of us like baseball and of course we got the sour on it because of the money and the greed and the watering down in the uh big because of all the expansion or you realize it's more into watch other people i mean you don't want to see the product uh pirates right well it may as one fourteen in fact we want to see the Pittsburgh Paris obviously not too many i hate this pool ninety ten million seventy five the splendid spitter cranky are in sixty two Mickey mental forty three p-ro's forty very bonds still uh in teach week very bonds thirty six in fact he's much closer to the bottom he is near the top to imagine thirty three it's the battle between durian the joltan uh the joltan jow lug your twenty two tie-com twenty two and a Roberto Clemente solument they've ate the only twenty these people just have they have no passion you know that's it's from how many times if i said that just just this hour but third and they stopped for the place with no passion of talent i've been like you didn't you would say oh we're not going to hear that are we please i like to be in the lot though five six seven oh five sixty pound five to keep this played the last week don't don't knock yourself out there about twenty four hours to tell sir double the q a m hello i don't have it it hurts me and love yes sir uh i'm on the doctor that the speaker is barred except it's that shot of drag it's the one on there but it means that hmm and there no yes it's not just like a stick as far as the carmel mars barred loaded with carmel i think it's far away from the doctor the two you buy the new get now you're right i'll screw the mars bar all i will tell you this tomorrow's ice cream bars pretty good yeah i don't actually any of the ice cream bars are better than the actual ice cream by the actual candy bar however that having been said the the ice creams itself the candy ice cream they suck i don't know what you're not kind of thinking if you do you know don't know well believe you don't don't get it either okay got it that way they suck sees trying to look a little cute or clever little shot that's he's there awful and the fact of the matter is that briars makes most of them and then there's still bad how can briars make bad ice cream the briars that makes those i don't know like mars bar ice cream and sniffers are they they say excuse me of doing this you know you brought it up no no i'm not this this is having no impact on my appetite for another stuff and especially the candy ice creams are all garbage m and m ice cream have you ever had that no after you say you want to have an m and they are but a blooper boys and very and a problem over this works top of his over-regulation more protest is but it would be too bad all you illegal aliens go back where you came from okay we're gonna put you on a banana barge oh there's nothing like a good ice banana barge if the dairy queen see that guy we started out what you ever have banana barge you know but i don't i'm aware of it yeah banana barge is for those people or such pigs that even banana split isn't big enough for them so they could go to banana barge that's a real real porcours out there you know if i must do it like they want to have a banana split in a bathtub which is what is for look at this here's an ad fax employment insurance premium refunds oh it's for what is going on with this world you know next thing you know your neighbor is going to be leaving you religious tracks on your front doorstep on your stoop stupid the operative word don't you people over there understand there are no Jesus Christ is in my house okay they're not welcome in my house don't you understand nothing is more important than saving your heat and soul oh god i can just imagine that because uh well because somebody's uh family was over there visiting for 12 long excruciating days and just going to rest out of there today so the neighbor across the street came over and evidently had a chat with with a family well uh somebody was on yeah which i guess resulted in those religious tracks being a fan of the fan of the fanatical catholic family which i once told them other reason that there uh is a shortage of priest and ittica is because there's a shortage of author boys it's funny because it's true it was a great yeah it was a great line and you're right it probably is true and anyway 891 votes on the pool who is the greatest baseball player about time did i just read i just did this and i yeah just did it we don't want to overdo it because in time jickle right a whole column about it oh you know see here's the same time you hate the show now you don't like it you don't like my reading the bedtime stories on here you can't set the fact we take better polls than you rat rotten ass newspaper does you can't handle that but you don't have the balls to write about why not and here's the guy who said oh well he was going to have a tough time or keeping in touch with local this man has no local from his ass you don't write about local i'm not the one that's out of touch you're out of touch so guess what ton penalties these are the AS ejewво 12AY here 9 club all Sunday night And I'm gonna watch it's real. I'm so tired of desperate housewives Where did I end? I have had to wait nearly two years Just to teach you your edge and metal I'll stick up against you when I turn on the tool And explain that joke that was shown here Come back, come back Come back I've waited too long for the spread of man It's time we got on with this thing I wanna sleep hide in some y'all In the back room of the ballroom It's too long since the last episode There's so many things I forgot It's Christopher on smack Jose Drihanna got wet And his pony still stale us to god So I've picked up the latest TV guide And that's when I stopped in and find Fake jodges still bring and start the day goes Each and every Sunday and nine The ballroom is firing Yeah it's a lot of pretty time I've got both tools and they're still god straight Oh that's the wrong one that's cross-street Is he still stale us to god Oh good god Think I don't ever got out of that show Why the how many people asked me? Oh you watched that surprise? No, yeah and based on what you're saying I'm probably not going to miss a much right now He's not at the point. Oh, it picked up a lot of times I thought I'd have to go to the fanatial papers That's all those time pennant guild bits Call the same Probably all him Nine hundred and seven votes on a full on the most interesting thing to me Look at it like I told you it's very bonds in jolt and jow The Yankee Clipper There are nostonos All of somebody wins by a nose Yeah boy, we see was he ugly or what man he wasn't just regular ugly He was he had get a nose like a renoceros to a D Yes, he did he was grow twice a chance But he was married to Marilyn Monroe. Yes, he was and a lot of ugly guys too like our familiar Mm-hmm. Well, she married to only ugly guys Right she would never even married to anybody looked like human or like a particular Is that it that's a bobby candy? That's right 12.03 at five sixty w q a and a top advisor to former house whip Tom delay We see more than the third of all the money collected by the US family network a nonprofit organization The advisor created to promoted pro family and political agenda in Congress according to groups of counting records Oh god of the there is a stealing and broad daylight man Even the biggest brace robbery of all time never came close to what's going on out in the public is what are we like that? Published watching the soprano reruns Delay's former chief of staff Edward a everyone buckham who up create the group host owns the ladies and play in his wife Wendy With a principal that a fisheries the group's three point two million dollars in revenue collecting payments totaling one point Over a million dollars during a five year period ending in 2001 the group's revenue was drawn mostly from clients of Republican lobbyist Jack a Bramoff according to which records from a few minutes of peanut for the records You can be inferred that the bureau is exploring whether there were links between the payments and favorable legislative treatment by a Baby mouse science by delays or a horse. Oh That's all it's just making it up right just to tell me pink or plot Two more of cats and heres and stop employees quit. Oh, well, she's got real tourists. I hope she does flushes Shut it take that 10 million dollars. She inherited and just flushes on the toilet or give it to us We have a little bit of time with a guarantee party represent of cats and heres lost two more top staff members this week one former campaign or a fist and one former congressional Orifice if time for me to move on said leave a pits the deputy campaign the finance director operations for Harris Pits is the fourth member of Harris's finance team leave the staff in a past three months We have pits out of she's pinned to Elijah pits That a part is come as Harris tries to redue the neighbor US and a campaign which is suffered from slow fundraising bad pull numbers and Controversy over illegal campaign contributions since December the long-boat key Republican is lost to finance directories And a campaign manager months earlier her campaign manager quit and two pollsters also van moost with the moosey man Her congressional office lasted second employee in as many weeks deputy chief of staff Peggy Evans quit last Thursday a week after press secretary Carabore left after seven months on the job Stamped her over has been a problem for her since she was elected to Congress in 2002 And we still want to know if they still make Clark bars I believe I've already been through this and we did new Google Clark bars. They still make them right they do you still see him anywhere Thank you. Hey, you're hey. You'd like Clark bar. I can't remember the last time I had it or the first time for that You know, I have right you know what they look like they got to be in the Clark bar They're peanut I don't think so no they have no peanuts. You know you between you and you damn I thought you could remember oh my god with your coconut and a Mars bar and peanuts in our Clark bar Man you know what you like you better get your nuts. We don't mister. They're they're straight Arrow man you better get you nuts in your Uh, uh, uh, uh, during a regular coconut but three and a year your coconut straight enough I think you got a problem and you're coconut well sometimes you feel like it is Clark bar. Did you Google it? I'm sure they still make it. They still make it. Well, let's get a bunch. No. I just approved it I'm not here to try to be a PR man for the Canadian government or the Canadian people I would say most of the people here around me are civilized at least seem to be but but Just to prove that Canadians can be just as barbaric as anybody else the annual seal hunt is going on now I sick really really sick and buddy you should see some of these Oh, God, these new fees some of these strange people including some of these frogs that are busy up there hunting the baby seals up to 325,000 young harpsil pups could be killed in the coming weeks Celebrity such as former Beatles Sir Paul McCartney is wife of joint animal rights groups and condemning the cause of our Burican unnecessary even though you don't like it. We hit him like poison probably the Peta people are involved too Protesters the anxious Stephen harpers of Canada was victim of an international propaganda campaign and insisted the color be carried out humanely Right when you like to get if you're gonna choose the way of dying when you like being clubbed to death And I would go way to do it that or a machete the color he's staring at Oday crap again the color which reportedly earns 16 and a half million dollars in meat and peltsales is an important source of income for a fishing community In Quebec in Newfoundland that have been hit hard by dwindling fish stocks in the Atlantic the hottest in annual harvest is faced on economics It is harvesting animals on sustainable basis riders Simone of the Department of Fish and Ocean stole the BBC The Canadian government says the colors also necessarily control seal numbers saying the seal population Almost 6 million nearly triple level of the 70s. Well, how come they don't do that in China? Huh, that's good idea. Yeah clubs It recently increased the total allowable catch by 5,325,000 poor would-o-baby seals They're a day to the colors begun in the Gulf of San Lorenz region in Quebec. I say let's club their products to death is as I've got an idea Those great Canadians I think you're a table we can take a vote in South Florida be unanimous Some 90,000 seal pumps in the area are expected to be killed before the humbws on the Newfoundland or Thousands more will be cold. Oh, such a sea killed calls. He outsounds to save a cold as so much more antiseptic sounding cold That's right. Oh, Kuchikuchi, too. Well, let's call you, but if we say we're gonna kill ya I everybody runs like a bastard on the first days sealers and protesters came face to face Spartan confrontations at one point a sealer flung the carcass of a skin seal added inflatable crap Carrying protesters and journalists they threw carcasses at our zodiac and became rushing at us in their boat and tried to capsize this in the wake Said Rebecca Aldward that he made society the United States This is standard behavior out here the seal is field out there completely above the law That's behavior spell IOUR of course, but the sealers say they misunderstood right they're killing them lightly Mark small president the Northeast Coast of his corporate has been sealing in Newfoundland waters for about 40 years I think the Canadian public realizes these are coastal people. Yeah, barbarians who live off the sea Independent on the hunt to survive in small communities where the fish dogs aren't there coastal communities have to live To I have one question about that coastal communities have to live Yeah, why's that screw ya? Anyway, Paul McCartney says we're absolutely committed to making sure that this is the last slaughter of baby seals can't That anyone will ever have to witness you said. Well, just don't look He urges Canada consider a win-win plan to win the hot-while compensating fishermen for lost revenue Some of the campaigner Brigitte Bardot also asked a Canadian government to halt the color of this week the call Canada is a rich country It doesn't need to sell skin oil fat and powdered seal premises to make affidisiacs for countries in Asia You can't continue with genocide of animals like this the 71 year old actress said he still could a long time ago But Mr Harper who refused to request to meet with Bardot dismiss this suggestion Because he's old and saggy we don't harvest the puffs he said referring to an 87 band of killing newborn seals and white coats with white coats pictured many anti-hunt poachers Unfortunately, we're descended with the victim of a bit of an international propaganda campaign He said we believe the company's acting responsibly who make sure all rules are enforced you butcher your murder That's another thing he's got and come with George Bush Stephen Harper another butcher's what's blood on his hands on his case It's baby seal blood and in George Bush's case. It's human blood Man even not Freddy Never had as much blood on his head even Jason Mother nice hockey master never had that much blood even a guy from One of Stranger calls. I don't know what his name was This in house nine hundred and thirty votes on the pool the greatest baseball player of all time baby Ruth One ninety three a rose in the baby Ruth. I can't believe you never heard that record No, that's we are about a birthday a light of not your kind of music at all That by some get key that's right some singing good You would not find it a long-dure good the rock and gishy was he good? It was very good. It was a matter of fact We're really I saw that clip this morning. It didn't look like I'm not not nothing to Ray gay really at all But it's this is very good. I'm only in the gay part That's what I heard Especially this and me here it says I saw your pull all the life long-ankee fan the only right answer is Ted Williams This splendid spitter and I think I said last week I have so much more respect for him now when I read those stories about how he's just finished Fairtime Shooting pigeons in Fenway Park with a BB gun nothing more annoying than a pigeon. Pust the Pust a lucky. Might have saved us from the bird flu You realize that? That's too bad. Yeah, good. Have on the shoulders. He missed five and a half prime season due to WWE In Korea he volunteered he didn't have to go back if not for that at 200 plus home runs to his five 30 something and he's the all-time leader. He retired 1962 after an in 325 lifetime and home runs and maybe everything else It says by the way, babe. Ruth and Gordon was official biography was a catcher until what we do want to get personal until Sometimes the equivalent of high school a group of an orphanage for boys who couldn't be controlled by his parents So we also played that position so he had a Josh's right. He was a catcher first base picture and right feeler Yeah, how many positions very bond plates have been ago over the locker room for the steroids shot in the back Oh, yeah, it's how many positions he played Josh What is he doing? Oh, he's starting to come up with a good answer How many I'm going to put up answers here? Solomon well, why is it on the resolution side that's the end of the quiz? So that's the end of the quiz look because you don't have any answers That's why I have my opinion. Okay. It's going to be a bit crazy You're opinion I think they're really talented I bet they're Ruth was definitely a head of three high Other shops on here will agree with the very bonds is a greatest baseball player But it's laughable on a face of this life. Oh, it would be like saying that the Mario Mandosa was the greatest baseball player You know what it's just silly. No, it's not silly. It's silly It'll be like saying Mark my choir was the greatest baseball player of all time It's not even close to for Sammy Sosa you didn't hear the stat that I gave you my Emmy Right, I keep in him confused with the what's his name 500 500 Who's that did I love you Miami that was that's Levant Hernandez Levant Levi Levi Even out in jog the John did a long to the song about him. You know he walked almost a thousand times more than Baybruth Yeah, and he still is doing what he's doing Well, that's because that means they don't It was a little scary that was a whole thing with Baybruth that's the idea. Okay That's when he had a great team Bob Musel and Baybruth and Lou Gehrig my god You're comparing the freaking judge what where's the giant's dynasty? Okay, where's the great very bonds era the great dynasty? Huh, it's not his fault that he plays on it, you know, bad team Well, that's why they can pitch around him. That's why he gets all those walks But he still does what he does like when they don't Miracle Roger but members will later on in Yankees. Okay, they're gonna walk Mickey Manly get to Roger Maris of the other way around And they're gonna do that they're gonna walk Roger Maris to get to Mickey Mendel. I don't think so They might walk Norm Seabern They might walk him to get to Jerry Lumpy or Bob serve Well, you know, I just I feel like I'm on some kind of wild drugs ever what they are But they sure might maybe it's that costume to share maybe they hid some some kind of hallucinogen in their 1214 EQ I mean, it's the Joe Bell factor. Wow. He is really turned out to be hey if you're starving right now Listen, definitely want to go to John the Baker. Definitely begs you please go to John the Baker There are a whole bunch of reasons you ought to be going there. They got two locations for you They're on Pines, Volabar on the Home Depot Center just West of Lomingo and the Brian New John the Baker is in the Sterling Town Center Sterling and Pine Allerod and Cooper City all your Italian favorites man always good He's a love like Ville Parmesan chicken Parmesan sausage and peppers baked Zedilizania spaghetti meet the balls and some of the best garlic rolls you ever had Just dripping with garlic juicy and delicious as biggest Kimbo campers as big as Barry bonds ass And don't forget when you go to John the Baker with any meal that you purchase mention the Elijah show get a half a dozen John's world famous garlic rolls absolutely free and that Christ your own to ourselves man You're busy to do it. He's plenty with you. Please go into our mentioned Chris Jones He's Jones and for it and as far as the pizza's concerned, this is good as any you'll find anywhere in South Florida You can bring the whole family to because the prices are low enough always reasonable and they give you a big gigantic person You can share if you're really a cheap skate for a takeout call John the Baker in Pembroke Pines at 9.54 4 3 143 15 or a Cooper City call 9.5 4 2 5 2 0 9 1 Be sure and tell them that fluff Lindsey sent you by John the Baker always big portions always the best Italian food It gets no better in South Florida than John the Baker This is 5 16 God and now I'll show reminder about daylight saving time One hour unless it's a digital clock and then you just have to press some thoughts Either way, the big day is Sunday Sunday like sickly side Saturday 2 a.m. you don't have to stay up until 2 a.m. to set those clocks at No, no, do it for you for the sleep on Saturday night That's what most people do anyway, but he's a way you're losing an hour hour is a big loss Out our most exciting family Sunday Yeah, this Sunday by the way when you go to bed that be sure to say your alarm for two o'clock in the morning and wake up at two and instead of I had okay, well, there are people yeah, I don't have to tell you there are people stupid enough. They do that Or no, why do I say I gotta say why two k my greatest clocks or clean your clock 9 162 votes. I need some help Probably John so be more helpful on this. Let's see. I hate this phone. I'm doing this poledamor all but all time athlete you dislike the most Let's see. I hate sports and I hate this pool Man, what a bunch of sour pie. I got okay since then Pete rose in very bonds one other athletes with people have reason to hate Not easy is it, huh? I mean we can go a couple different routes here I would go the religion route like anybody that goes okay. It's like a court Warner because Warner He's a hate her Warner. He's just He's a Yeah, okay, I put a monitor. He's why he votes. It's like you know obnoxious. Yeah Could you know I don't really you know I don't like I hate these people like I go back You have I have a boo-doo dollar something but go ahead. Just we can go to the drawbrow Like a comment how about women how about what's his name Mark McGuire? We're about it. Okay. I don't because he lines through his teeth to Congress theories of phony How about my hero? How about Jose Conseco? How's taco? That's a good one. He's not only a liar And with that book, but he also a slime ball him and his brother the vote of Mary every five minutes there in jail This is true. Yeah, so you roughly all palm their old put him on or even though he's you know only only Rosanna Danich Here's about him. Oh, he's a cute boy for Miami. Yeah, who cares? Okay? A lot of Cuban boys for Miami and he don't even look good Yeah, they're there. You'll we'll get some more on there And of course with our audience they he just invited everybody in here How about a hockey player they hate oh, I know that's put on way too mad ski right way in gritsky needle nose Oh, especially now with all that gambling crap God, why hate him? In fact, I just spelled his name wrong on him so pissed off the right guy's good huh? Did you write that ski is that what you wrote? No, I wrote That's a grapsky yeah grapsky like What's that a grapsky makes me puke anyway if you tune in late mr. George is a green apple grips that this month I want to have to go and do is the number two by one no two Because the sales department had the whole T-room there wow backed up all the line up all the way to Alacriff I don't understand it Maybe that's what they were holding their meeting. Yeah, it would be the first time especially fat boy man In fact, that's what that's what they were having for lunch that one they the Q and splatter platter Just absolutely unparalleled and history of the subhuman race What a cow Dominic you I am hello Hey Neil, yes sir tomorrow's pole hand down Kirk's chilling Okay, yeah, that's a good one another religious piece of crap religious piece of crap don't go out on the sun You'll get answered kept the focus in the top Yeah, he'll only picture cloudy days again So for an adom stadium All right, he's my game. He's great the rest of the time. He'll use that word. He's like a man like them must be it. Okay. Thanks, pal First chilling. How could we forget about him? He was also necessary. He's even say too much He said on the end there far away from the other guys Deputy QAM hello Not there QAM hello Neil, yes, sir. You can't have tomorrow's pole without having parallel Owens, okay, and Ron our test Ron our test. Yeah, the basketball player. Yeah, no, he is Hands into Troy and start it by okay. I That's those are and I think she put tight don't me too just for the Canadian Co. I'll join that club. Okay. Thanks, pal. Hey, that's because he's buddies with the team owner Larry 10 of them. That's why I tie you so I'm a million and a half a year for two years two year guaranteed contract He's a piece of crap. Oh, okay. See you're gonna get me started with a hockey talk now See that's a I live in a different world. I'll tell you that right now And I'm not saying that hockey talk is where he would like to have back so yeah, there's some concerns or yeah, more more damn brodoor the Matt's you know Good shot, but that's Man tied dummy He's been a lot of votes in this crowd. Oh no, not not the least five six seven I see now they're lying up because it's a it's a negative negative negative Well, how come the list so negative because he's working South Florida for 30 years you idiot I'm getting a fan of groceries nothing easy. You name it a newspaper. That's right. What a great line That is you know 50 years. Okay, I'll take around for 50 years on the your how's that? Oh, not on this I don't know this thing. We're done WQAM hello Hello, yes, I do search good Tell us of Colomar who? Tell us of a poll tomorrow. Okay, all right, if we're a zurhation Now see he's another one he's in the same category. I think I was to know get any welcome to the club Yeah, we're gonna what we're he needs to be hazed We're gonna put him to a good hazing WQAM hello be amazing. I love to a him. Yes. Hey. I got a one for you. Hold them on Uh-huh. I don't know somebody called it in or not my passion my how could you love iron Mike? Could iron Mike. Okay. Thanks, Palli. Sorry, Bally my type. See we're building nice group of jackasses here of a holes, right? There's also so many of them and so little time I'm surprised there are no dolphins on here. F dolphins people like a indeed touchy feeling So let's see we got daddy call you got they got 90s call peppers now, right? Right? They got whatever you want you must stand as well. And now he can't play right even though he's a cute You got a time in the chance in He's gonna he's gonna take smoke into a whole new level WQAM hello QAM Yeah, I'm trying to point out where you guys are located I want $100 and gas and I got that 40 guys where they get my cars right right before 41 and I've zero Just look for the white hankies Flap and outside the window this is real rubbish This is five 16 Know that the Lord even loves your Roger so we call that stuff man. Bobo Benu shit That must out my face Give it to Mikey man. He hate everything It's not too bad He like it My ties and back in the first should be my home Oh Now Whatever Not To step here. All alone, all alone, my precious bed. Just can't eat because it'll be wet. If you make sense. All alone, all alone, my precious bed. I am my gift you'll be handed for asses. All alone, all alone, my precious bed. So happy to feel but we won't stop for your passes. All alone, all alone, my precious bed. Now that you're in the busy day. Everybody's got a pair. Right on me, thought in jail that you might forget. I'll use, I'll use. You'd make a real kiss like you would say. I'll use. I've had this back, any current, contemplate. I've got a ballpark and silver. Half-added, close-age, young. You're bigger than a crazy, full-aid, empty-spot. Now, down to the fire, special pinches are empty. Well, I hate it's as though, but this moment still can't bear. And there's, hold your rockers, sing up soccer. Tag a body, hear it, clean, match it rockin' out. Hold your rocker, what a shot is. Use the violin to be in your gun, poppin' out. Hold your rockers, sing up soccer. And we can sing your ball, sing them over town. Get set, jump, time to be proud. Everybody goes, shout, rockers, go and bounce down town. 23 at 5.60. Every 2m here's one that says, for tomorrow's pool, Brian MF Cox, an excellent choice. And, so, this is an absolute, I'm what? I said, absolutely. I mean, I'm so, my mind of the Atlanta Braves' Closer for years. Go ahead and be John Rocker, shout, and racial slurs on the sub of Subway. Thank you, John Rocker. Thank you, John Rocker. I'm a fan of the whole world. John Rocker, in fact, I've actually got a guy who hates the Haitians. Love John Rocker, he's probably got a blowup doll. I bet that prize me. Speaking of the world, being crazy and religion, being the poison of the universe, which is absolutely, isn't it? And make no mistake about it. Always has been always will be. Hundreds of people protested in the Northern Afghanistan City following reports that the Man who faced a possible death penalty for converting the Christianity would be released official said. They're protesting. They're pissed off and fired up. About 700 Muslim clerks and others, yet death to Bush and other anti-warriots in Storvins in Mazda, a Sharif, Monday official told A&P. Theros have called her protest across Afghanistan against both the government and the West, which had pressured President Karzaz, administration to drop the case against Abdul Rahman. On Sunday, a Western diplomat and Afghan officials close to Karzaz told CNN that Rahman would be released soon. It would be pretty soon because they keep saying soon, but sooner or later, something bad could happen. Other sources in the Afghan judiciary said the case against Rahman had been thrown out on technical grounds and sent back the prosecutors together more evidence. Though same sources at Rahman may not be released. Do you hear those two words? May not be released. Uh-huh. Karzaz has been under growing international pressure to find a way to free Rahman without covering Muslim clerks who have called for him to be killed. Muslim clerks. This is what we're trying. We want democracy over there, right? Oh, how are you people? I think. Evil clerks, like Pad Robertson and Jared Falball and Jimmy Swagger and Benny Hind and Hana. The Afghan Cabinet discussed the case Saturday where we also did the meeting aren't known yet. A government source from India with a case said on Friday, he'd be released to coming days, but they didn't say what day. There was maybe 20 weeks from circus. And the meantime is the food that they're feeding him. How long? That's what we want to know. How long? I still understand what the people and what those Indian restaurants have got to do with how long. Maybe they're just trying to draw the ragheads, said it. They are righeads. I can't keep that head of your string. Listen, Indians are Hindus and Muslims. You know, some are most of them are his. So in other words, when I get in the cab, I should keep my mouth shut or just ask. And I'm not talking about that. It was not off for any opinions about the world situation. I say, uh, Hindu say work. Because my regular cab guy, he's a, he's Lebanese, but he's a convert. He's a Christian. I have a look. Okay. He's even got the Jesus on the out from the world. For the most part, the Indians are Hindus. No, they're sick. No, that's not Hindu. I'm not talking about Hindu. I'm talking about that Korea, Roma. Oh, God. You're laughing. You be crying. Okay. The tears would be rolling down your cheeks. I can't you not. Like I wear this morning. Well, no, those weren't tears. Oh, it's not for a while. It's that's their word. Hey, who are for a while? Oh, my God. That's a bad situation, man. You probably would have been better off to go cross the street to KFC. Come off the chicken. That's right. A little bit of what you pick up in there. We're going to approaching our 1000 votes by the way. Just like in a horse race, they were approaching the start. Well, we're approaching the 1000 votes. We got nine. And I think that once we get to a 1000 Joshua admit that it's a, you know, scientifically accurate. 993. When you admit that? No. Look at what I'm telling you, you have to be defensive about even though you're full of crap. Who is the greatest baseball player of all time? Babe Ruth 204. And I think the audience enjoyed the candy bar talk more than about baby root. I hate baseball 159. Well, he may is 131. I hate this pool 96. Who with that long drive for the Giants in 195 for the Indians in the 54 world series that really may as many amazing catch. Vic Warts. They were here. Vic Warts Josh? No. You'd be qualified to answer this poll. What are you talking about? Congratulations. You're, you're, I don't know these people. We're going to start checking ID before we're, Paul. I'm all in fame. You don't know Vic Warts. You're right. I don't know Vic Warts. How about Mike Garcia from Warts? Did he early win? No. Tommy win. How about Keenan win? Edwin. Ted Williams 81. Hank here in 74. Mickey, Maddo 50. Pete Rose 45. Joe de Mazzio. The Jolton Joe. 41. Very bonds 39. Roberto Clement A. 25. Todd, 25. Will Gary 23. The tight races at the bottom. Out of 993. I bet you're very fresh. We got very close to a thousand. Maybe Mo. Think we got Mo. 94. See they're coming in there pouring in by the ones. I got Mo. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? He looks just like Hammond Carzay. And those guys all look the same. But Erob, Kurt, SUNY, and she. They adopted their case and it's all gone. The Jews in the Erobs let him do cannot leave all the rest of us alone already. Will you please? Please. Don't you think that makes sense? Yeah. Go do you think that makes sense? Yeah. I'll be for a bit. They're all the way. They're just like, they're just like, you want to see this weekend. They're subsidized. I can't believe that. Right? I got pretty sick of my like a few people. But what are you trying to do? Try to be a free ticket. Try to be welcome. You got free tickets. Well, now you're talking. So that was certainly the. You're free. No, no, no, no. Now I'm beginning to understand. I see the picture. Here's one in the Sunset. Well, you're not going to be too happy. Well, listen, only one. And that's in Palm Beach anyway. Not that we don't love our friends in Palm Beach for my people listening all, Tanya. With hurricane season two months away, a panel of four castes, projects a two to one chance. Two to one chance. This is from the 80K School of Meteorology. Now the category two system will slam South Florida this season with the eye hitting Palm Beach County at September. Can't do. Well, that's a big time. No, it's small time. Small. The category two is nothing. It's like just a little blow. Their prediction, hi, ever, wasn't derived into the streets scientific process of analyzing dozens of atmospheric indicators. Rather, it was coupled together with long gut feelings, spiritual inspiration and a touch of incense. What incense? Well, I see this because these four castes are those questions of Vegas, oddsmakers, a tarot card reader and a psychic who normally, maybe Reverend Emma Wizzan on this, who normally predict Oscar Wizzan with ballgins and future romances. But the South Florida Sunset also advised them to stretch their clairvoyance, skills and fortail whether another rough summer is in the offing. I don't see any reason why this year would be any different in the last year said, we now on root of Vegas gambling president, Park Nostigator, who would know a weather map from his ass, Kenny White, owner of the Vegas sports consultants puts the odds at two to one that another hurricane similar strength to Wilma will hit here. Oh, God. Oh, please. No. On the other, a handy forecast and overall slower say, well, what kind of story is this? What kind of swell are you putting on the air about witchcraft and witch doctors? Although, here's this one, who's this one, Guy John Avello of Wind Vegas casino, exactly the printed American idol winners and Super Bowl champions. He also predicted broke back Mont Blu and the Oscar, but of course it got crashed. He says probability wise I'm saying this next year won't be quite as drastic as last year. Like I said, that guy knows this crap, right? We hope. But I think he knows what he's talking about. Like people listen to Hank's picture. Oh, the hot spring knows this stuff. I said, I'm going to hit the button this morning, the phone button. I was opening up my copy for all these spots. And I said, I've been locked online one on the air. And you remember that punk? I was, I wanted to talk to the hammer. And we went like, we took a look at the charcoal on it. 1241, the Jewish hammer to you. OK, get with it. Hey, beach fort is gone mad. It's madness in March going on right now. All this month. In other words, the rest of this week had beach fort. They just miss breaking the old time record last month. So like I've been telling you, they are damn sure they're going to do it this month. Right now I've said it can't afford F-150s. I was always just 249 a month with 995 bucks downpust fees with a fruit credit in 39 month lease. Madness in March at beach fort means you must be mad. You got to be crazy not to take advantage of rebates and discounts up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles. If you're not a market for new car, but oh somebody who is send their ass into beach fort. Because if they take to the redest month during March, beach fort will send you two to bucks and cashiers for sending them a buy and that money comes from their advertising budget. So they won't take it on your friends price to get back. Don't miss out on this once a year of that. Whatever you do is beach fort's madness in March at its happening this month. Instead of canned four defone 50s of his low as 249 a month, discounts and rebates up to $10,000 and two out of bucks and cashiers for referring your friend. So get your ass in there. You got another way to do a beach fort is located two miles east of the gold and glades on 163rd Street and West Stacey Highway and say, you know, you're no trainer. You'll love your beach fort experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Ah, sports fast. The Mad Dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackfuster Entertainment. Inverted sings to it. Well, I'll ride. I'm the proudest beach fort. I'll ride. Here's a Mad Dog. Too many. Sing, boy, I should crawl. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. I'll ride. Oh we don't go. Oh we don't go. Oh we don't go. That's another day. What do we do? Come on, this is our moon. Come on. Oh, I'll ride. Oh, my heart. Come on! Come on, I'll ride. I'll ride, I'll ride. I'll ride. at first Jim said he built a little bit cooler it's like that you get to the hole huh but now he said it's like the the man's off just hit his head up with that cottage cheese but if he wants me to say god bless the america and pasties and jeez strang up here I'll do it you got you know I'm looking googling this thing about most hit it athletes yeah and some of the names on here just are shocking I just I don't know even get a shocking because you never heard of them or you can't be so hated just I don't know let's see Kurt Bush is he created the Chris Bush who knows Kurt Bush I think he's a NASCAR driver I think he dropped out of the he won the 2004 next-out-cup series I don't know well that's you know we're not gonna put NASCAR people on there are we last November after being pulled over outside the Phoenix he said to the officer aren't you supposed to be directing traffic somewhere he's a jackass but nobody ever heard him I'm in your civil people on here they're just oh look at whose number two on this list number one is terrible ones and number two I'm gonna guess as you need Josh B.B. are the initials very well you know to make sure and roll the butter we have rolled in butter like my trumes bobby bonds bobby run I don't know be like bobby bond bobby is good he's a balther and he wasn't the greatest player of all time that's certainly that this thing should be smoky burges not like late in he was on here I like late in he would only because he looks good but I mean who who I don't even know who that is you know who that is no I heard a late in home a sexual but not heard you heard a foster he would and bill he would late in he was a tennis player you never heard him he's from down under huh I've heard but what's the reason for that oh I don't I mean if you want I'll read these but I'm not I don't want to read on the year time jiggle get off set I said but I'm only picking into the for example like a real Lewis and it says next to his name criminal yeah Phil Nicholson I mean if we're gonna put tiger woods on there for uh we never put tiger woods on there today did we why was he going to baseball we're not doing athletes you know but oh I see yeah come on now sorry I'm just gonna talk into that uh Ricky Williams was on one of the list I put him on there even though he won't do well in South Florida because again these considered you know the firm running phony crowd although most of us aren't golfing fans anyway Michael Irvin that's the uh can't take this come I you you went out of scum oh how about uh how about kishan Johnson kishan despise by all and what kind of a name is that anyway kishan Johnson I just as these names just send me right to the bull maybe that's why George was running this morning maybe you had to do a kishan hey I just did an uncoordered in the last break no get out of here an uncoordered performance that's right standing ovation too and I heard it was an open house haha so now here's the good at this this might brighten your day George here's an idea for you a Muslim couple in New Delhi indie have been told by local and Islamic leaders they must separate after the husband divorced his wife and his sleep so Hila on sorry told friends that her husband I've taught quite a bit of a bit alright I got my pen how did this uh her husband as soon as I saw this story I knew who I thought of her husband I've had an out of the word talak or divorce three times who is sweet talak talak T.A.L.A.Q. T.A.O.T that's what I thought right now I know you like it a lot when local is not the lot when you listen this when local is laminately is got to hear they said uptimes words constantly divorce and when Islamic proceed you know is triple talak see it takes three talaks the couple the couple married for eleven years with three children were told they had a split they were linguistically there's a little bit of the couple lot of the we married and have to wait at least 100 days so Hila would have also to spend a night with other men be divorced by him in turn the couple live in the eastern state of West Bengal have refused to obey the order and the issue has been referred to away local family counseling center in this minority Muslim population is governed by Islamic person laws and issues such as marriage divorce and property inheritance this is a totally unnecessary controversy in the local community leaders or who's whoever said a are totally ignorant of Islamic laws said zaraful islam Khan and Islamic scholar editor of the milly gazette a paparim Muslim newspaper thought my mother wrote that the milly gazette the law clearly says any accident a compulsory when the state of intoxication is no effect the cases someone are doing something while we'll sleep all of them this category well i've no impact whatsoever council well you get a truck and hurt what if you're a sober carcass instead of the roof of you know you use a weight and screaming it outside the front door talak make sure we went to the hood here's in fact i'd like to go to my house and stand the front door in here in case of way it was a but with a crazy uh... jesus books go away and stop polluting my doorstep with your garbage okay you crazy people you got thousand twenty one out of a post on a pool and gray bonds is much closer to the bottom than the top that's bad news for Josh well they don't know not know just did they just don't agree they could all be wrong and they are the all right just like George vorses the rest of the world is out of step on the man and man it's right fool me once researchers say they've created cloned piglets that are rich in omega three fatty acids and all of this prices being beneficial the heart all of that for a little pig sitting on top of its pen of the farm well those aren't the ugliest animals you know what pig on pigs have you seen a platter put me well not by me even like other other animals that are very attracted to the well i guess a hippo ace at all that yeah right right also this is my yeah little rhinos are probably pretty obviously the theaters lately omega three yes anyone in a movie omega three is mostly found in fish but this applies threatened by overtrawling and clouded by words about mercury pollution which accumulates in fish livers oh god a team led by you find die of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine transferred in the fetal pig cells a gene called fat one that have been identified in a well studied lab animal tiny worm known as something something can't canohora elegans canohora kid what fat one converts the abundant of a less desirable omega six fatty acids and the coveted omega three the nucleus of pig eggs was then removed and substituted with the nucleus from these engineer cells following the classic method of animal cloning that began with dolly in ninety six and Louis Armstrong without hanky wiping a sweat off his fat face the researchers prime image to get a better understanding party action where hog and human are strikingly similar do you know that well i guess you've seen that well i did that we would use these animals as a model see what happens to heart health if we increase the omega three levels in the body it could allow us to see how that helps cardiovascular function the headline in the article says e-bacon made from uh uh baby pig clone pigs or maybe i'm going in the morning when he might be confirmed now i'll have clone pig bacon how's that okay sounds like it'd be old to me you got twice as much yeah could you see by the just show it down my gullet five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular virus line w q a m hello q a m oh how's silent that pleasant good to go a m hello yes sir i just turned on and i heard a story about some thing i would like to make a comment on it well or sorry about one he just mentioned something about uh how come uh somebody in here the worst of all i'm working on all you said it three times that's why i'm officially a voicem00 is called uh he wanted to tell me of some you'll have a z five six seven oh five six six the time we only you know Thomas they had a dynamite audience right in that one clock in the morning because if he really did go to that tirade which would help knows because it's just a fact but i do believe it uh you know you the thought there would be like especially since it was about me and then you connect it with this show you know who there be something so evidently Tommy one of us didn't have any audience okay now could be us as possible or time w q a m hello q a m oh how good can you look for the poll cow rib can you know nobody know like oh for the best i was put them on today's pool see now is confusing me cow rib can you know what's not to like ready play the 75 minnestray games right a little brook blue gary's record yeah but we're not i mean come on what we you know we can't put them against the guys are on the poll here you don't want to put cow rib can you know you're on their wine i bet you get to come out of the hoats i bet you will be good people don't know anything but i mean grab put them on your place see now now listen you need to get them surely because your boyfriends uh problems are because of his road problems are you on it i tell me that would help it i mean you would have said it happened any of these guys on the poll here friend got roids and the credit wheel uh problem is you mean you brought your rest of this what kind of thing is you failed we got this guy around and when i'm up in bulk it takes us laughing all the way but the paint and lifts around the poll i listen to the new rogers one to two of us yeah i mean i listen to the new rogers iron balance one to two hours whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa oh I'm proud of such a bolder ground. Every time living in a black crowd. Every time living in a black crowd. Crap. It's a 101-in-560. We got Curtis coming along at 2 o'clock this afternoon. We got the A-A-A, the Mickey Arson's book and the Mickey Arena for. Sir, Sir, he's the Panther preview. Panthers and the Bruins in Boston at 7 o'clock tonight. They're described or G.M. the Bruins. And just the Agler of the Hockey, Mr. Hockey Jr. Let's see. I don't even know what this website is. And I can't figure out. You ever get on a site like that? I don't know what it is. It's just a sport. Turtles.at. I don't know. It's about the S.B.L. Who the hell's S.B.L. Most hated athletes. And it's got all these different categories. And I've picked a couple of these out of course. It could be right. Most hated rapists. Peyton Manning. Right, Josh? Not that I know of, but okay. I hate him. Roger Clemens. Fat Big Mile of Notch's retired 400 times. Some of the interesting ones. They're like NCAA. I'm not putting these on tomorrow. But three most hated figures. NCAA football. Steam Spurrier. Never one Bobby Bob number two. And Phil Fullman number three. I don't know who Phil Fullman is. Who's that? I know who that is. Hold on. I'm holding it. Well why are you taking it? I'm going to see coach. I'm going to look at it. NCAA basketball stream. Most hated figures. Wait to hear who number one. Especially right the timing is perfect. Dick by Tal is number one. Most hated figure in NCAA basketball. Amen. Amen. Baby Coach K is number two. They want to put out to Chef's. They put Coach K. And JJ Reddick is number three. And NHL stream. Most hated players. We'll look at that. Yeah. He's a Tennessee football coach. Tom Bertuzzi, which I put him on our list. There is Casparitis and Yarco Routou. Ty don't even make the list. And as far as most hated figures, Kurt Bush is number one. And after that, it says in conclusion, nobody. I'm going to vote. They got their own little pull on here. I'm going to vote for Routou. Just to make you happy. I'll vote for Dick by Tal. Here's the. It says who is the most hated figures in sports all sports. Then the choices are tied for Tuesday. Barry bonds could be bright. Kurt Bush, Terrell Owens, Steve Spirrier, Dick by Tal. Or I'm putting Dick by Tal. Okay. I voted. And here's what it is. Or you'll be pleased to know. It was close. They got almost 3,000 votes. Terrell Owens 38% Barry bonds 36% could be bright in 19. After that small potato is Dick by Tal only 6%. Well, if we're going guys like Dicky V. It's the part are we going to do. No, no, no, no. Most of the athlete. He know athlete. No, God. Maybe if the dinner table is about it. He's not awesome, baby. Yeah. He's awesome. When it comes to being despised, makes me nauseous. God. And then there's a whole bunch of Dicky V wannabes too. You've noticed that. I'm going to go with their names. They're under the white care. But anyway, I looked up Calerpton Jr. And he already has two votes. His lifetime batting average was 276, which is okay. You know, it's all right. And his lifetime home runs 431, which again, it's a respectable figure. But certainly doesn't put him anywhere in the category. The only thing he's got going for is he was the Iron Man. That's all I broke with Gary's record. That's just for a vote. And that's it. That's it. Good ball player. Solid. I would say he was rock solid. But that's about it. It's your amount in the same category as these other. But we put him on. He's got two votes already. Probably relatives. New poll shows that Democrats lead by nine points. Are there plenty of time between now and elections to blow that? Time magazine survey shows unhappiness with a GOP, but can Democrats translate that into a power shift? Well, you know them. Like the least in the Canadians last night, both desperately trying to blow those leaves in the last five minutes. Times latest poll finds American voters heading new November selection dissatisfied with the Republican dominated status quo. But on this is certainly convincing. Ancillary voting democratic. The poll conducted March 22 and third finds Americans unhappy with the performance of the Republican controlled Congress 39 percent of who versus 49 percent who don't. And give them Democrats a nine pointly when voters ask to state which parties candidate they choose for the house. 50 percent said them are credit 41 percent Republican. voters say we're democratic control Congress by 49 percent of 38 who want Republican control. And it goes on. But it beat for the very very good time magazine for what it's worth about 50 cent. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. So here's what I got for tomorrow so far. The athlete the all-time athlete you dislike the most pretty big list. OJ Simpson Pete Roseberry bonds. I hate sports. I hate this full court war. Mark McGrower is a consocco raffi alpomero wing gretsky needle nose. Kobe Bryant Keesha on Johnson. Kurt Schilling. Terrell Owens. Rod our test. Ty Do Me. Mike Tyson. Todd Bertuzzi. Brian Cox. John Rocker. Old John Rocker. Ricky Williams. Michael Irvin. Ray Lewis. Oh, Roger Clamans. Come on, retire already. Roger, it's enough. Enough of the BS. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Ray. WDQAM. QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Unlistenable. Yes. I think Al Ripkin will be inducted in the Hall of Fame next year. Very bond. He won't even go in on the first bow. But his Sam usual on your list. No. You got a lot of God. What you put him on? Well, then you're gonna have to go in. I think he's going on the first bow. And he's going to have to go in on the first bow. But his Sam usual on your list. No. He got a lot. We can put him on it. Well, when we owe God, Sam usual wasn't known as much of a bass runner who is as slow as molasses. He was a, you know, a lot on there. Compare him to Mickey McClul. Yeah. You compare him now. I wouldn't put him in the same league with Mickey Manel. I even the same ballpark. What really makes your Mickey Manel are you kidding me? I mean, we can start putting on like Andy Paffko and, you know, some of those guys. How about Yogi Vera? But I don't know about him. When we I do, he's like the F like duck. And he said, and over until your call is done and believe me, it's done. What's that guy talking about? He said, Elson Howard? You can even put Stan Musilon if you want. But now, see we can put all the great players on there. And then we'll have a list of like 50,000 names. And that's not the point. See, the question is, who is the greatest baseball player of all time? I mean, if you tried to tell me Stan Musil's better like Bay Ruth or Ty Cobb, I'd look you in a face and go, I mean, there are other great players we have put on it because of the generational thing, you know? I mean, Ty Cobb is from 800 years ago, but how about like Walters Johnson? How about Roger's horns, be huh? How about Gabby Hartnett? Gabby Hayes, right? Huh? Thank Greenberg? W2AM, hello. Who wants to put Stan Musilon or what about Alkaline? QAM, hello. You have a Ron Fanta. Anyway, hey, Neil, I was the mouse who's up to you. Commander of Chimps was running around the nation talking about the success story of Cal Opper. And now, we're at a cleared out all the surgeons. Yeah. Well, bombing there today, suicide, killed 40. Oh, right. Yeah, I had that on before. Yeah, that's the success story. We're doing it, baby. Don't forget Mission accomplished, MI Mission accomplished. Is that the success story? Where is the failure, right? Everywhere, okay, thanks. Yeah. So, you know, it's working, it's workling Chimps. Doug Thompson writes, you're favorite. Do I have time for this? Yeah, I'll make time. They tell you, right. You're for that. Move by that. No, I don't think I got time. This is for real. No. Well, I just, yeah. That's a bad idea because then time jick is right. Then reading these bedtime stories is bad because I rush for them when I fumble and bumble. And nobody even gets the drift up, you know what I'm saying? Nobody even gets the, the just. Can I say that? Oh, sorry, Joyce. Nobody gets the f**k of it. Can't say that. Careful. Let's go with the G, Joyce. Joyce with a J, just with a G. Just cut the crap, Joyce. We got a thousand and 53 vote on there. Did we put Stan Eucil? We did. Yeah. We don't have any votes. Yeah. That guy will vote for him. Yeah. I want to say to him, he's not a. Oh, God. Like, like I mean, how could you do that? Like Joe Cunningham will be under next. I mean, what about Red Chainedienst? Huh? What about any Matthews? Why I sure liked any Matthews? What about Del Murphy? Huh? What about Raphael? What's that was the short stuff for the Braves? Raphael, he was terrible. You know who was the announcer that really bugged me the most? Who's that? What's the thing about this is the early Johnson of the Braves? Yeah. Member Rene Johnson? I do. The ex-pitcher. Yeah. his rapy his Murphy he did just as the way he talked he just didn't belong on here and then he He also retired about 100 times even Mario Lamune never retired as many times as early Johnson God all mighty and then every time some of the brave games are wind up on another one Los Atlanta cables stations there would be only Johnson and they drag stuff him out again They've had some of the worst announces other than skip carry I was chip work with him on a game so that I'm watching baseball I guess it's skipping chip and Yeah, they're good for other than that that P van Weirman. He's just horrible They've had some of the most awful announces there in Atlanta and ready Johnson. What that was that short stop Raphael Ramirez. Oh, what a mind what a brain Raphael Ramirez am I right Josh? When when are you talking about just a few years ago? Oh, Google it for Christ's takes what is wrong with you? You're you're you're give me an argument about Barry bonds is the best player of all time You even know Raphael Ramirez next thing you're gonna ask me who the hell Ryan Sandberg was okay ridiculous now the hell's ran but how come already banks is not this list? Let's get some cup juice on here See Stan Musules got one is Harry Kere with same you see you. I don't know why he said that here. We said that early banks, right? Let's play 10. Okay, I certainly you remember shirtley Ernie banks of course. Yeah, how about willing a cover You're a big giant Scott as very bonds crap. Well, he McCubby you want to get him on there. He was good. Okay George Watch me There ya go, let's do it the fair work Peyton here on 5.69 a.m. You got Oh, you see. You know, I never made the first move. Oh, I'm sorry. I want to go to you. Yeah. I'm not going to know where I am. I think it was one of the first time I saw the last time. So I'm lucky. For me, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. I get a mental. She's into the... I'm gonna lay it with full of hands. And all the teeth were flat. She's still like lying and stupid times. And I have a big home on it back. I'm falling over to you. Baby, you. She's getting her. She's getting her time to... And if you saw her pain, if you could cry, if you could... You would throw up in your mouth. Look at her, she's going. Can't hear me, she's walking me comfortable. She's the brightest, sad, cold. So the fly gently is green. That's a shot. One 16th of QAM, Al-Qaeda conspirator is the carouser or is it zacked or highest or who cares? Miss Sally. We decored. That. The moosey man. Testified in it that he and would be shooed. Zack. Watch your back, Zack. Testified in it that he and would be shoe bomber Richard Reed were supposed to hijack a fifth airplane on September 11th and flight into the White House. Miss Sally's testimony on his own behalf. Stun the courtroom as he disclosed details. He had never revealed before. It was in stark contrast to his previous statements in which he said, the White House attack was to come later. If the US refused to release a radical Egyptian sheik or is that sheik in prison not earlier, terrorist convictions. Sheik Yabuni. Miss Sally testified, he lied to investigate is when arrested in August of 2001 because he wanted to let the attacks on 9, 11 go forward. Yes, you didn't say that. He said when the prosecution asked if that was why he misled them, the statement was the key to the government's case that the attacks might have been inverted. Had Miss Sally been more cooperative following his arrest. He told the court he knew the attacks were coming sometime after August 2001 and bought our radio so it could hear them unfold. Which he sure is held with the middle of the QAM if he was in Miami or across the street, which they were on the area. Specifically, he said, I'm thinking during this last break and I saw this story. I don't think about when we were a QAD IOD and there was like any like a hurricane, you know, Andrew or like some major news event, you know, the OJ trial, everybody in town with two to us to hear and we had the news department involved and we're like all over like stink on Greg, you know, remember? Yeah, remember I'm trying to forget. Oh, and now just like on 9, 11, when Gellys and I, well, what are we going to say about it? Come on, building's fine. What are we going to talk about? Spawn. Spawn. God, I can't we ever live that down specifically. He said, you know, the world trips and it was going to be a tank, but certainly he wasn't part of the plot and didn't know the details. Take a misunderstanding his own defense and his death penalty trial. He said he declined to become a suicide pilot in some future attack on S.B. I senior al Qad official in 99. I had not said that the twin towers would be hit. He said, I didn't know the details. S.B. is lower where he signed his guilty plea in April as the 20th hijacker he replied because everybody used to refer to me as the 20th hijacker was a bit of fun. Sorry, testify. Comedy is definitely trial, but against his lawyers wishes he said, before we took this stand is where he's made a last attempt to stop him from testifying but failed. The fence attorney's Harold Zirkin, who looks like a Gourkin, argued that his client would not be a competent witness because he has content for the court only recognizes Islamic law and therefore the affirmation of it takes to be meaningless. As spies Zirkin, if he was supposed to be one of the men who would pilot a plan on 11, he said, no, adding, I'm sorry. I don't know about the number of planes, but I was not the fifth hijacker. About his guilty plea, he said, I took a pen. I signed it. There you go. That's the curious and loose out. I'm losing man. His armistice, unscissive, and his cure of filth. François is a rock line could soon be freed and they associated press reports that UN says he's seeking a asylum outside of Afghanistan. That's not sitting well in the home front though. Even after the Taliban becoming Christian, renouncing Islam is a capital offense under Afghanistan's Islamic law. Offence caused triggered outrage in the outside world. Death to the Christian. Five six cents. Yeah, I'm going to try to argue with that. Oh, man. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five, sixty leave a rise in secret on you crazy religion is go kill each other. I mean, the rest of us alone already. We want none to do with it. We're not part of your fight. Thousands and seventy five votes. The greatest baseball player of all time. And isn't this appropriate? Afro-appropriate. Now the baseball season is going to be starting any moment now. What's opening day, Josh? April a third. Yeah, I mean, the marlins don't start the season on the road. They come home. You have a good news. I told you, are you in there when I was telling you, or is this morning about the schedule? I never know when you're in there. You're always very sneaky and required. That's me. I'm sneaky. Anyway, April 12th, which that's a Wednesday. Not that far away either. And 105, the Padres are in for two afternoon games. 12th and 13th 105, both day. Yeah. Which is their first home series. Oh, and the 19th of following Wednesday, the reds game, which I'm sure must be in Cincinnati. 1235 PM. That sounds like a noon exit for us on that day. This is good. See, I spent my time since they haven't about the give me the, Oh, the schedule yet. I spent a little bit of time about five minutes yesterday. We're searching the April, so there's three days in April that we're looking early exit to which we say, I thought that we don't want to do our part and do our duty, but you know, we don't have to get out early. You know, that's right. For example, Hank's going off to Vegas. You don't see him on a schedule on Thursday or Friday or I'm saying. And then two to four on Thursday and Friday. I'm seeing. And I want to kill myself. I just want to kill myself on a sharp opportunity. I keep in mind what you said minutes for. Get about it. Yeah. And see, it's the only means of surviving. But that's right. Even he knows. Don't get it. Oh, Doug Thompson, Campbell Hillblus, says just a little old fashioned karma coming around. He says the right wingers called it a witch hunt, the left wing calls it justice. Whatever you call it, blogger, bend Dominic, and Washington Post dot com. Both got what they deserved. You have to wonder what the suits had lost in post dot com were smoking when they decided to create a right wing blog called Red America and then a high rate 24 year old wannabe book editor who grabs about nothing as journalists are right. That was a shallow move by so called journalistic entity. Dominic, sure of the tenure at the post website, came to an embarrassing and Friday when he resigned after the blogging community uncovered multiple cases of plagiarism by the U.S. who works as an editor at the upper right wing, right, right, right. Reigned as Washington speak for fire did it. I want to apologize to an asher review online. My friends and colleagues here at Red State. And many others that have been affected over the past few days of the year 172 and were very distraught by the main and the website, the right wing webed to try to help to start. I also want to apologize to my previous editors and writers who is work I used in a properly without an interview. There is no excuse for this, there was use, there was any excuse for any office case in my earlier statement. Office case, Dominic speak for I got caught and tried to easel my way out of it. Didn't work now, he tries to contrition a little bit too late. The apologies in red, state-tate, Dominical takes immediate time off from the website. That's their double speak for management. Our critics can raise their glasses in toast to what they they think is success tearing down a flawed conservative of the Ritzley Manchus posted Friday that they were lies their greatest weakness. The destroyer conservative is not the district conservatism. And while they put all their energy and venom into this campaign, it's worth remembering that for all the noise they have yet to present a real alternative to an America that rests on the foundation of freedom, free markets and family. Against that, the only answer they have is yet another personal attack. All the hypocrisy of politics, its a personal attack when the other side does it. Ritzley, like most partisan blogs on both sides of the political offense, exists primarily to attack the other side. Most of them conservative or liberal are too busy bashing each other to offer any real alternatives. Ritzley is where Dominic called Toretis Scott King, the late wife of civil rights legend Dr. Martin Luther King, a communist. He later called the Claim with joke that I've learned after too many years of dealing with the right wing that most of them lack a sense of humor. Dominic also claimed to use material originally written by author P. J. O. Work with the Works Knowledge and Permission that came as quite a shock to what work were totally or times he never heard of Dominic and didn't remember ever meaning. I wouldn't want to swear in the court of law that I never met the guy I worked hold the times, but I sure didn't give permission to use my words under his vialign. No. In Arlington, the suits of Washington Post dot com, scrambled to come up with a plausible summary explanation for their screw up while some of their own applauded to demise of Ben Dominic. Excuse me if I should know tears over the elimination in the first round and he practically of the opening tip off of the no social conservative blog Red America written by this cat who claims his name has been Dominic rights post blogger Joel Ockenbach. I guess to be a blogger with a post in him has to end in CH. Apparently he saves him and writing by using words right off the shelf by producing customized writing when there's so many perfectly good words already crafted. Dominic is supposedly 24, but I'm betting right here and now that he's a junior in high school lock in lock continues, all the sudden investigation. His blog with America didn't contain anything that would make someone thinking was the second coming of William F. Buckley. Indeed, this whole affair seems like a spoof a prank to make all the real authentic rock rock rib hardheaded for him slightly lizard hard to conserve his look bad. But of course, they say that about the entire last five years of the American government. During an online chat session Friday, post humor, communist Jean Linder and observed journalism is journalism when he people have an idea what they're doing even if they're just flammin' it on the web. Amen, but the message is lost with the bosses of Washington Post.com. In the past 24 hours, we learned about allegations that went down in a plagiarized material that appeared under his by-line and various publications prior to Washington Post.com, contracting with him to write a blog that launched Tuesday, Washington Post.com, executive editor Jim Brady wrote on the American blog Friday. Investigations of those allegations was ongoing and the interim dominant has resigned effective immediately. When we heard Dominic, we were to have any allegations that he had plagiarized any of his past writings. In any case of the rare allegations such as these are made, we'll continue to investigate those charges thoroughly in order to maintain our journalistic integrity. Sorry, but the post-Juritistic integrity went out to window when they won the side of the website needed a right-wing blog and too hired an amateur to write it. It was a stupid move and the post-Jurit's all the shame that comes from such incredible things could have been. Stupidity. And people like them can't afford to be made to look stupid or ridiculous. That's why Marlon Brando said, all the time I heard. Yeah, who was it that said that? Can't afford me to look at. That was Jack Walson in the gunfight. All right, tell us about it. It's a time Hagen just before he went to a horse-hagen in New York. I'd take it one thing if there are any people alive who haven't seen the gunfight, we don't want to talk to you. We don't want to know you. We don't want to see you. It's like a funny home. It's like a checkpoint. Right. He haven't gone that far. We don't want to talk to him. Somebody's pulse. Right. Oh, you didn't see the guy. Oh, you're a dead man. Got no problem. Don't clean. Fair. 26 past one at 5.60 WQM, a quarter of recent survey Americans keep their matrices for 10.2 years. That's like keeping a car for 100,000 miles. If your mattress is five to 10 years old, it's probably not performing like it used to do. You need to call 1-800-Mactors the number for our friends at Dalamacris. Write number one for customers satisfaction, so there's no risk. Order a mattress in the Ace for bed and consultants at Dalamacris. And try it out. If you don't like it, just call a back at 1-800-Mactors and there will place it to your sort of a total satisfaction. Your total satisfaction. Once you buy from 1-800-Mactors, I guarantee you'll never go back to a shore again. It's so easy. With that 1-EZ call 1-800-Mactors, you pick out the tour. What do you want them to show up at your house with delivery? They show up on time. Take away the crappy old-sural bedding. They go, eh, and you're on the way to great nights sleep for years to come. When you call Dalamacris, you get no nonsense. No run around. No shore machine, again. Just factory direct prices on the best brands. As you know, trust and love likes silly. Surt, Simmons Kingcrow, tempered, bigger, stands in foster you at AND right now, Dalamacris offers you no payments or interest for 12 months. What's not to like? Call 1-800-Mactors or loggerum to their website, macros.com. For the best sleep you've had in a long time. Maybe the best ever. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, leave off the last S because it stands for Saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-8-8-8-8. Neil, y'all. Let's do it down on your knees. Fill with your rosaries. Now you're head with great respect, damn. Take me for X-in, flexin, relax. To whatever steps you want it, you have clear them with the pot. If everybody says on Kiri A.L.A.S, I'll do it. No matter what I'm gonna ride. Yeah, in line in that processional step into that small confessional, there are the kind who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is, try playing it, say for strength, a wine, and chew the way for the two of war. Say, say, for time's a trans-obsession. I'll get down upon your knees. Fill with your rosaries. Fill your head with great respect, damn. Take me for X-in, flexin, relax. Take a cross on your abdomen. When in wrong do like a wrong man. I'll be Maria. Cheers, go to see ya. Can't look at me inside. You're not gonna do an abatting in a red. I'll say, for all of you, 27-2-1-2-1-A, I'm so anyway. GQ has got their list of the top 10 most hated. And guess who his picture is here Josh? Even though he didn't win their pool, I don't understand that. He looks like he's sucking on a quince. Got an SFV cap on his head. It couldn't be very bonds, good. But he didn't win. Number 10, late in the hewit. He's even booed in his own native australia. Why put him on our pool? We don't want to let that. AJ Presinsky, and he need his father in the balls. Who the hell is AJ Presinsky? He is a catcher. He is? Yes. And he need his father in the balls? This I did not know. Well, that's what it says here. It's about how he needs those. AJ, I'm going to put it on here. I mean, AJ, who's he? He's got that red. Yeah, right there. What? I said, you're going to spell that right. And I said, oh, you got that. Yeah, because I'm going to surround my copping around here. Phil Mikkelson, other pros think his image is all phony. But it working with most people. Vanzi Wells, acts like a virus on the North Dakota. I don't know who that is. He plays for... Kind of, obviously. No, he's fast-buffler. Oh, Vanzi Wells, correct. I don't know who that is. Michael Iconnelly, America's biggest bow-I see as a fisherman, so it says, bass hole. Oh, we can actually say that. Oh, I like that. I might pick up on that. You bass hole at Texland. But when I put in no fisherman on here, Kobe Bryant, selfish, grow up a potential dinosaur. Did I mention selfish? It says, four curchering, very full of himself. Some time and backs actually think that he doctored that the famous bloody sock. But he's sock. You know, what was that? When he pitched in the world's series, they kept showing a bloody sock? I missed that, thank God. Kurt Bush, number three, criticizes teammates and thinks he's above everyone else. Kurt Bush, two, very bonds. Have you heard any good things about very bonds from teammates? Has the world's biggest chip on his shoulder, it says? And number one, Terlowans, we even need to begin it says. So there you go. One and two, I don't think you have to worry about it. Because with T.O. on there, and also of course with O.J. who's not in here because he hasn't played in a long, long time. Plus these people are probably intimidated. City Hall banishes the Easter Bunny. The Easter Bunny's becoming human rights issue, and then a soda leads to go to the same policy of the council. See, I don't understand, I guess it's the same as Christmas though, because Christmas supposedly was going to be like a real religious holiday. And then they jazzed it up with all kinds of like chasques, you know, treat the tree with the tinsel and the star or hayganes. And they are all, there's the balls again. See every story, it's all hanging. Yeah. And the same with Easter. Hmm. I mean, this is, this is Jesus getting, uh, coming back, isn't it? Right, when he's crucified, I forget. When he comes back shortly thereafter. Right. I get my crucifixion, uh, if you get a crucifixion, if you get a crucifixion, somebody comes back on Sunday, which doesn't sell like three days to me. What about the idea when I'm shabby? Huh? Well, he, he was probably a wood vine. Probably was in his house. Anyway, so Easter is about this very solemn thing, which of course is the basis of the whole fairy tale, of Christianity about how he was crucified. And then resurrected, and he rose again, written by people lived the hundred years later, but nevertheless. And yet, what do you think of Easter? Don't you think of like the Easter Bunny and Easter Egg? Like how Easter Egg? And Easter Egg? And Easter Egg's in those category eggs that are so yummy and they don't get anywhere near me because I can't stop eating after the old-school. Oh, the fertility pagan fertility symbols. Oh, excuse me. That's right. Man. All that silly crap. The Easter Bunny is becoming human rights issue when it's so early, so quarterly, same-pulsity council. After the city's human rights director Tyrone Terrell, argued it would be a good thing to move all Easter references from the city hall lobby. Council president and Kathy Lanke, ordered a display celebrating the popular holiday to be taken down. Quarterly, many episodes same-puls start for the end. The items in question included a cloth rabbit and pastel colored eggs that we'd happy Easter. Well, what's the big sentence with that? I mean, even as anti-religion Zion, I just get so, you know, because seeing the important stuff they ignore. But I assume the nonsense like this, they get all whipped up. You know, they say, is it ex-minutes, is it Christmas, you know, all this up in the sentence? People got a little too panicky on this one. Council member David Tunes said I think people should be encouraged to express their beliefs. So long as they're not proselytizing. Amen. Quit trying to break people's arm, okay? Including my neighbors. Cut the crap. A council secretary persists the animals who are all in money and for more than a decade is reportedly brought other holiday items for display. Mr. Terrell told the APN, I want to complain about the reason display. He told us to answer him for being on Thursday. Now he's who wasn't about the rabbit or the egg. It was the sign on the door that said happy Easter. Just like this, like any old testament. It wasn't the apple of the pair on the tree. It was the pair on the ground. That's what God got pissed off about. What they were doing. We talked about diversity. We expect inclusion when you put that on the front door of a government office. It could be offensive to someone who's a Muslim. A Jew and atheist. What have you? See, thank goodness the atheist least came ahead of what have you. That was me. I wear it. What have you? Not much. That's my job to bring into someone's attention. Mr. Terrell didn't respond across from the Washington Times. But his voice now might just be contained in the recorded segment. With direct references to Christian Scripture, a Martin Luther King's I have a dream speech. Anger regarding the Council of Physician as we've all been backlash both the local and national stages. Ms. Lankley has received dozens of email complaints. Mr. Tunes said he's received more than 500 emails of which 90% of them are in favor of the money. I didn't know the money was Christian. Maybe the money is Jewish. Maybe the money is a Mormon. St. Paul Paine, your press comments Laura Billing said the city should return to the deck where he's otherwise if we're not careful. St. Paul was going to end up on the daily show again. He said the company central program land Poon St. Paul last year when a culture dispute followed the placement of a statue of teaching a popular peanut scarator. And the same park as the statue authoring, honoring author F. Scott Fitzgerald. Wasn't that the Charlie Schultz? Who? Now what did the George Schultz? That's what he said last time. The George Schultz? Another incident in his building. Ms. Billing's rights in her column in St. Paul reverse its initial response to a 2001 fewer over-point city of flowers with a little protest. That year the city initially moved to the square right point city is considered about the religious connotations. I didn't even know that they had religious connotations. The later a council member of Uncle Judge related, what about lilacs? You get defrapped if you were in lilac? I'll leave the Catholic church. Mr. Tunes doesn't expect the easiest way to return this plate of return. I don't think the secretary is trying to make any kind of statement. She has no intention to become a martyr. I think Jesus was the martyr. One was enough. Shouldn't that be enough to get you to heaven? That's supposed to be. There you go. Or else maybe the seven virgins, you know? See the Muslims are always talking about how much better in holy and about the the pravity of Western society. And yet these guys that are killing so because they want those seven virgins, it tells me that the word horny comes to mind. No the crowd is mad. No the crowd is mad. No Rogers. This is five. You have a day new. They're thinking about this a lot. The secretary tried to turn your price to win. She was second best and it felt that so. I'll out. Nancy, carry on the picture. So when again Tom, your clock's prevent. I'll out. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. But that's nothing. Kay was leaving. She's locked up from behind. Oh. Dang bang. Tom, your silver half. I came down upon the need. Dang bang. Tom, your silver half. I'll make sure. Victor. Victor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in big middle round on his and I'm like, I'll go for every move. She can find her grouche as our founders. I'll. I'll. She'll go. She'll go to plan makes way into the sun. Murder on the mind. She has never minded a challenge. I'll. I'll. I'll. The clouds they make a break for the door. But it's too late to run. Dang bang. Tom is silver half. I'll just. My shing in there. She will not leave me. I'm a children. But I'll. I'll. One t forty eight. Tom is at the panic. I think he checks his book. He gives for a look. Can he tell us how. Now. Up. Up. She. She's in. She's in. Some blaces up and throws a 50 turn. A 10. Some. A. This guy's out of line. And he's got to go. Up. Up. Up. And I'll say. Was. Turning. Page. Tom. You took. Stand. Bang. Now. Tom is silver half. The rain sank. He gives. Back. But. Kate sac. Can. No. Sands. And. She. A. See. I'll. I. Looked on. Many of these. Huh? Right and she turned into like a fat ducky looking thing. Well good. See that was the Lord given her what for? Speaking of the Lord, the cater high school student Kurt Hughes wouldn't call himself religious isn't decayed a Georgia of course It all can't just in Georgia two states in the Stone Age He's never even read the Bible well like most people have read the Bible because if they'd like to make Schmidt can it That's right. They ain't even good to read on the cramper. Let's good clarity But he wouldn't mind taking a class on the Holy Tests of Baraport is high school indicator Georgia after all you look at the old man in the sea King Arthur even the matrix All have biblical allusions the junior said that's go with an A. I think he needs an I it be useful No exactly what's in it now if they say an A for an I a the Georgia legislature seems poised of endorsed just such a course Those students and many states and rural classes related to the Bible Georgia will become the first to be quite it's Department of Education To put a place a curriculum teach the history and literature of the Bible. I'll teach it The world will be such a better place of our teachers schools when used the book itself as the classroom textbook. Oh Cracker please Specifically the bill would establish electives on both the new and old testaments It is overwhelming with past both chambers and needs a file vote on a minor house change the vote may come today If it passes the states Department of Education is you to establish Bible elected courses in the curriculum in the late 17 hundreds Congress thought enough of the Bible as a textbook that It printed 40,000 copies, but the old effort in Georgia to use the Bible in today's secular curriculum Maybe about presenting it as a moral code rather you know like stoning your children Rather that foundation to better understand they've ever called illusions and literature behind This is the tension around the country about how to bug how to go about doing a Bible elected in a lot of It's steak said Charles Haynes directed the first amendment center in our LinkedIn for Ginny And just to don't end it when there was some stuff They'd be fine if they would teach it accurately with all the baby killing and the right That's correct. You know all the big getting that was going on Wedding a we a weeping oh I don't feel bad even reading this weeping patty lebel says there's sure we're beer beats was the worst ever See you to the right thing you went saw that hasy dick Resum and blues diva pay you could have gone to review our beach no, I'll take a patty lebel struggle through a weekend Sure after taking the stage of midnight at one point sitting down and crying There've been many of the initial when I felt in the middle of the show like sitting down and crying believe me I've never been this embarrassed in my life lebel told the crowd Saturday and the review of each of you hasn't lose vegetable this sucks. It's the worst show I've ever done in my life at least he's honest Yeah, but she say why I'm can I get through this if you want like we may have been pretty much your evaluation Well, it's two both as temperatures dipped in the low 50s lebel explain that she's nearly 62 has died Beaties in a heart murmur and the cold weather just wasn't agreeing with her. She's an old bag the Grammy Well, I got diabetes. I'm 63 so that's why the show today ain't so great Okay, I'm gonna say that every day just for time jikasay who hates this show now and guess what time your column sucks The Grammy winning singer tried to belt out a few notes and 12 fans huddled under blankets at the end of the day walked out on a A steady stream of people left the show during her oh You're back During her 45 minutes on stage after every weighted two hours of opening acts I've never ever given you less than I can give I'm gonna give you everything to zero she said She struggled through lady marmalade as you're hearing it back with assistance from a few in a crowd some saying gospel songs and on my own before We're treating another words when it's out. They all bailed out That'll teach you to go see we'll patty lebel She 62's got diabetes a heart murmur. They took the foot stand at cool weather Huh, they took her foot undistorted that part of it and it's really bad like this sir Oh I know I know way to shut that off medical marijuana issue returns to court East down the U.S. Supreme Court is ruled on medical marijuana. The dresses have come down against allowing the sick and dying to use the drug Weasers symptoms and possibly prolonged life because misery be us. That's the name of the game in the Supreme Court and the U.S. misery be us However, the door has never been fully closed and now a federal appeals court has set your arguments They and the latest round of legal rang with you over the issue the case thing argued it Before the 90 West Circle of Appeals in San Francisco Narrows them at a really so-called right to life theory that marijuana should be allowed if it's the only viable option to keep a patient alive or fear Excruciating pain That's what George has when he goes home the only thing that can keep him from that excruciating pain and going into his house It's spoken of a fat one and I think we all tend to agree It would only apply to these sickest patients and their suppliers regardless of whether they live or they live in or they live in mostly western states It allow medical marriage or we need a victory would affect people who are very seriously ill facing death or greater Physical suffering said Randy Barnetta Boston University law school professor working on the case The case was brought by angel Rachel 40-year-old mother of two from Oakland who suffers from schooliosis a brain tumor chronic dogs or another minor ailments Oh, God, he's got surris maybe Jesus marijuana a couple of hours to use your pain and bolster appetite. Well, I got the vapors. I got news for us for as bolster We appetite don't be smoking too much of that when he go down to him because you're out That you spend a lot of time and Mickey D's in killer flu chicken and maybe the pieces slot because there ain't no food there There's saying no food you think that people are smoking all day think that there'll be all kinds of great restaurants Well, guess what You're gonna find out when you guys go there She'd probably be dead without marijuana said or Dr. Franklin Cito who's recommended marijuana for some 3,000 patients nothing else works He said the bush administration says lawsuit is without merit those great robbers the bush people There is no fundamental right to distribute cultivator possess marriage and we need a city. We as a turning mark Quinville and Quinn liven the government's lead medical marijuana attorney Rocha the appeals court check-ass bass hole. Why do I like that? That's that fisherman guy the bass hole Mm-hmm voters in 1996 made California the first date to authorize pages use marijuana with a doctor's recommendation Tell other states have since followed suit the federal government says there is no medical value to the drug You know something I think they need to stir it smoking it. Maybe we'd all be a much better shape Maybe the world would be a better place in which to live. That's it would in 2001 the Supreme Court ruled that rich and supplier the Oakland cannabis virus co-op could not Lovely dispense where one despite the California's vote is action and the audience a footnote by Judge Clarence token Thomas in his 2001 ruling left the legal questions surrounding medical marijuana unsettled and helped open the door to Mondays hearing Yeah, well if anybody ought to know old token Thomas you wrote that important underlying constitutional questions remain on resolve Such as Congress's ability to interfere with states experimenting with their own laws And whether Americans have a fundamental right to marijuana is a vehicle to help them stay alive and he's pain light a big fat one of Clarence And he's he's a Radio Roger He has ours this he's five you finally Good good Okay There we go My name is Lance the Eugene Thomas friend of Bush's nominee for the Supreme Court And you know there's lots of people that did it fake just off I spoke a little marijuana when I was in college And it wasn't but a good joy Well, maybe sing our sad your anora milky up Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court? Yeah, I got a much let's do this quick and get out of here. I won't send you a straight when I stop reviewing the law I don't just review the law There you go I'll be joking And I don't get to the ease and I don't get to the West and I don't get why I don't go up Sanodale canos best I'll be joking This go very well Yeah, let's go burn a few dudes is what he really means okay as he's got the twisted cross on his forehead What a phony man? What I'm not see anyway 1137 votes on the pool Who is the greatest baseball player of all time? I already banked finally got one Josh and Cal Ripon, Jr's got five What oh that he got the votes? Yeah, look you could put anybody could put Ishka Biblical on every get a vote. But Phil Rosuto on every get a vote Am I right? Yeah, you're right put Jim Brad wezer on there put Darren Dalton on there At least he married some hot chick there for a while anyway. Who was he married to? I don't remember even George knows that who coming Dalton from the truth? Sorry, I forgot I mean I remember but it was a while somebody who's the ways baseball player all time baby Ruth 200 and 29 the candy bar was not named after babe Ruth that is correct But we learned some really useless transit it was very good that this is important it might be a quiz That's right, we're gonna be having a quiz on Thursday. Okay. I'm the Joseph Acky show You know, I'm a I'm trying very hard to stick with what you tell me but boy they should only get easy What's it got to do with you? I hate baseball 180 nine will he may is 143 say hey, will he? He's so lying they will it I hate this pool 110 10 Williams 93 I get to will he's what I think about 10 Williams frozen head The splendid splitter Hank Aaron 85 hammer and Hank Mickey Maddle 58 P rose 53 Joe at a Mario Jolten Joe the Yankee clip or 44 We're still the Yankee clip or I think that's so tell me they got the bar word like you see the people swimming in the pool You know I mean the water you know are same I do very bonds 42 Roberto Clemente 31 Tycop 28 look your 24 I'm in very buzz effort to be still on Joe these ass to behind Look your 24 calrican junior five stand musiel to and early banks let's play one bye bye