I'm so curious. Oh! Oh! And that's the damn it! A rat my amy has dissolved in their the worst football team. They club the ball, when gold is all like no one's ever seen. There are the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say my amy, you're talking to always focus there with oh, I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins number. I'my teens and the lead. I'my dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. Don't set on them, you'll always lose. Cheers. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches all that tell them to put them day in their jackpot. And they would run much faster and even into feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see my amy. And they're the I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins number. I'my teens and the lead. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. The scene that hasn't got a clue. I amy has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence. Just 50,000 apples sitting in the fence. They watch the game and all they do is mowing right ben ditches. I wonder how do I be got to be so bad. And rich in there the I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. Oh, I amy dolphins number. How many jeans do they need? I need y'all. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to bloom. I amy dolphins. The dolphins have faith feed work. That quarter facts that you pull. Run down the field and he will throw up half over you. I'll never win a super bowl. You should be surprised when he gets cut that does. If we let he with certain size in there the I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins number. How many jeans do they need? I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. She calls his signals and he booms. Walks all in. But dolphins have no defense in their offenses. A joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. There you go. Always this is a point. You win there in a playoff race. With fewer points than puck marks on. My fingers ugly facing there. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins number. I want the hell 32. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins now there. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. That's for sure. It's a 10 or 4. Some art folies said she is an alcoholic. I always said it. It was the booze. It's always the booze. I know a lot of drugs and they don't bother the teenagers. But really well she's her whole ideal is protecting young people. I understand. Uh huh. People like him. That's correct. Here's a great idea. I have been screaming about this forced Irlization for years. Charleston South Carolina. And that's a good place to start. A city council member reacting to a video store hold up. Leave them and carry it up by children. So as parents who can't properly care for their kids should be sterilized. Yes. I think everybody in South Carolina should be sterilized. Sounds good. We pick up street animals and spray them. Lori Shirley said the story published Saturday about the post in Korea of Charleston. These mothers need to be spayed if they can't take care of theirs. Once they have a child that's running the street, to let them continue to have children is totally unacceptable. Shirley's comments came after police say a video store was held up by a group of children, including a 14 year old girl, suspected of wielding a BB gun that looked like a real piece. The whole of a habit about not a clock would last Wednesday and the Hollywood video store, 14 year old girl in 12 year old boy charges juveniles with arm robbery. A nine year old boy wasn't charged because police said he was too young. Not too young from his fully maybe, but too young. He was released to his mother. Hey Mark, you're fair, anyway. And by the way, thanks Mark for not only betraying the trust of the electric, but also for continuing the ugly stereotypes that people like to ask for to think that every homosexual male is a pedophile. He would just say it's up. Yeah, I'm sure he was. That's that ugly stereotype. Well, that's you know what a team of people that you could see. I don't know what it's going to be. What we've got is a figure in society, whether it's a mountain puzzle with the upper and upper, whether it's on the east side with poor crackhead parents, he said referring to areas in and around Charleston, South Carolina. State Senator Robert Ford, a Charleston Democrat agreed that the crime highlights his societal problem, but dismissed truly suggestion to sterilize people as crazy. I wonder what a pasty party climb would think about that. Crazy. What Larry surely needs to talk about is getting some city council to provide some recreational facilities and activities for these kids and creating an atmosphere conducive to a normal society, said Ford, also a former councilman in Charleston, South Carolina. Good place to start sterilizing everybody. But as that's fed then he answered, what did he know and what did he know? If that's always the question of the movement. Cover up my ass. Think I've got blanket up there. Get a tarp. Here's the pull from Friday. Twenty two hundred ninety votes and this was a horrible pull by own admission. It's stunk. Who is your most trusted celebrity? Six hundred eighty five said none. That's about thirty. About thirty minutes. Ten. None. Don't press celebrities. Okay. Don't press Mark Foley either. Don't press all these dubers that are running out there trying to protect your children. You're like an even Bryant would at say where a children can't pay. And I can define out that her former husband with all the homophomia that she and her Ilk were spreading. Former husband Bob Green, after one that you know, was in a closet. In other words, gay. Yeah. Let me tell you. They said that the ones who are always putting the finger at everybody else. Right. They got those skeletons rattling around in their closet. Man lots and oys in there. Lots of stuff going on. George Carlom is their most trusted celebrity who is a late add-on and boy. I don't want to tell you. Just like I predict he's zoomed by the week competition. Three hundred nine for George. I hate this pull. Two hundred and forty one ten and a half for say. Well, we did two as matter. George Clooney, all my goodness. 151. Time hangs. 112. Michael Z. Fox 107. Morgan Freeman. 180 Morgan Fairchild didn't have any. And JP Morgan didn't have any. Henry Morgan didn't have any. Ron Howard 87. Little OP. Rachel raised 70. Oh no, I know who Rachel raised by the way. Okay. Although over the weekend, I've seen her run her promo for her in Sippage show. You saw her teeth. Oprah's got 69. Susan Surrand in 60. Mel Gibson 58. Hey, Mel. James Earl Jones 56. How did I like that? Mel Gibson is their most trusted celebrity on your Kippernolas for talk about anti-Semitic. Shame on you people. Tim Robbins 36. Daniel Ramon 36. Jane Finda 28. Denzel Washington 23. Sean in the pen 22. Martin Sheen 18. Reese with his spoon 17. And my boy James Franco has five. After split up five ways. Like somebody told me I'd find there's plenty to go around. That's what I heard. Hmm. Speaking of play, go around. Man and words cardboard box had pencil made me hearing. This is in Greensboro, Pennsylvania, the home of a mountain view in. Or they got really good liver and onions, man. That's a good restaurant. Not a few in. Remember me talking about that? Here's a go. Sure. There have been there. No. A man accused of theft to rifle a preliminary hearing. A cardboard box on his head. And never to conceal his identity. I bet it was a statement. Or talk about thin skin. That's what I love. I always love when you get a thin skin coach or GM or something like that. Really thin. And hostile. If you've got the one step error was a disaster. Didn't last too long. Just wait till the same an error comes to an end. Soon. How long do you think Wayne's going to put up with this crap? Oh, yeah. He'll give him another year after this. I mean, I smell to the answer. Now I was sure that they were going to come back in tight. And then when it over time against the little girls team. And you know something, you realize how close how close we came to have an A total disgrace over the weekend. The Hurray Kings just by the skin of their teeth. Be the little girls team on Saturday. Right there in the original behind a poultry in front of a poultry crowd of 36,100 and 7. Yeah, I got to say there were a lot more people there than I thought they were going to be for Houston. Yeah. On some other words, you think there was a good crowd 36,000. The original. Well, they mean. The orange balls. You know, PP. It's not PP golf and stadium now. You better not have the PP in your as well because you'll have to do in the aisles because there's no turtles in any rate. Just in Michael Kailidge, 26, Ward of Boxes as the suggestion of his lawyer while waiting outside the judge's office for an appointment Thursday morning. I'm trying to think outside of the box, so to speak attorney Jeff Leonard said. And Brad Pitt came by and said, what's in the. By the way, Michael Pitt is not related to Brad Pitt. We are ready to be through that before. Right. Because I saw that movie, the dreamers again that Bernard or Bertilucci movie over the weekend, the dreamers, which you only reason anybody wants to see this because of all the nudity. That is correct. And the ending is not acceptable. Well, in other all, revolting and piracy, I've been there. They're revolting all right. Leonard said the movie was prompted by concerns of whether witness could be able to identify his plan of connection with a July 5th of real wire. Real wire. Hmm. The witness might see a photo line before his time went over the courtroom for hearing yet. And this was kind of a simple way to force the commonwealth to mean it's burden without the defendant having to reveal his identity. Kind of like Superman. You know, we didn't want to take care of put the glasses on. Charges were drafted to hearing when Kaila treats the agreement to pay for the wire, valued less than 600 bucks. That's the big news from Greensburg, Pennsylvania, home of the mountain view end where they have great, great food. At least they used to. And even if it's still there. That's like, right outside Pittsburgh. You know, Pittsburgh, Alec Quippa and McKee's port and McKee's rocks. And all those places, you know, Montagola. Anyway, we got only about 500 stories on Mark Foley. Bob Woodward's book stated, now comes out today. Thank goodness that he's not pandemic. You know, like Wolf Loats Spring, Bob Woodward, it's depending on which senator you talk to, if he'll tell you a story, I just don't understand how people, why do people talk like that? I don't know. Very slow and very dangerous. Like, like, Jack. Well, maybe the way it's going to come out today. I'm going to go out and get it right away. And now we need to hold book on here. Excellent. Starting tomorrow. Fucking fine. It's 7506 votes on today's poll. And of course, we don't want to kick it off. We're all down to it. Yeah. And we can save it. Wait till the Saber there comes to a screech you call Soon. The media hates you, Nick, and a fan. So nice call on that two-pointer, man. I was beauty. There's downtown Ronnie Brown. He's it. And it's still flying. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was great. Anyway, 7506 votes. How many games will the offense win this season? Who cares? 235. Shame on you, people. What is wrong with you? Real name care about such crap. 235. So who cares? Six. That's what I voted that would make him five and seven in the last 12 games. I think that's very generous. Don't you, Josh? Yeah. Six is optimistic. 97 people said to win six. That would be 6 and 10. That would be the end of the Saber. Screw the fish. Say 88. Probably Jets fan. And by the way, that did you see the last play in that game, Josh? Oh yeah, those awesome. I thought I would love those, man. Whether he even had ballad rolling all around the field and time. The clock is run out. They got a score. He's got a score. You know, talk about choking and gagging, man. Every time they would take the lead, the Colson come right back and they couldn't stop him. And then they didn't get a score. I thought they were sure the Jets were going to win that game, man. Very bad. Screw the fish, 88. And how about those Patriots kick in Cincinnati? I swear, they're insensitive. Even I wish I could do that. I still can't believe it. That was bizarre. They're going to win five. 83 people said five. 78 people said they're going to win four. 39 delusional people said they're win seven. 31 people said they're win two, which means there's another win coming. So stay tuned. 30 people said. But 38. Yeah, likely story. 22 people said, Solamentate trace. 19 people said Super Bowl. I must have just read and thought it said toilet bowl. Super Bowl. 19. I hate this bowl 12. Only one and a half percent. 12 people said they're going to win nine. Six people said they're going to win ten. Five insane people said they're going to win eleven. And two people said playoff. See, I play off my ass. 762 votes. Yeah, they're here. Reckens is 14 to 13 over a school of blind kids. The biggest name. All this playoff. The name is. The rock. Or just said, I want you to win a final piece. And they're. Final lawly pop little boy. No. Oh yeah. Got it. So. Oh yeah. Got it. Something. I'm making it in my grand. Yeah. You. I'm making four. And I'm your name. You. You. Yeah. I'm your name. I'm your name. Yeah. I'm your name. Yeah. I'm your name. They see. So sweet to me. With their burn little can. Right to hit a boys. Need to be with me. Cause I'm a damn lame man. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a name of a man. Yeah. I'm a name of a man. I'm a little kid. I'll get you, can it? And a ride. You can sing on my left hand. I will. Let you try. Let you try. Let you try. Yeah. You. Shake your mouth in. When you wear your little pants. Don't tell. All this new secret. Get up your name. I'm your name. Yeah. Yeah. You're the main. Yeah. You're the main. And when I shower. I'll invite you. Inside. And when I touch your little heart. I can't. I can't. I can't. Oh yeah. I got that something. I'll make you get my glass. You forgive you. I make you born. And I'm your name. I'm your name. Yeah. You're the main. Yeah. You're the main. Yeah. You're the main. And when you're sent. I said Josh the transcript. We must not know what the hell it was from that those chant the chat room. Yeah. I just had it to you again. Okay. Well, I didn't have any headline on it. So I guess you were like kind of bewildered. You talking about the fully papers. The fully. The fully. The really. Totally papers. Mark Holy instant message chats with the original page. That's the headline. It's got the whole deal here. A ledge. Is this something we could read on the air? No. I didn't think so. I mean, I could. One. Twice. Yeah. I mean, it's pretty obvious what this is all about. Anybody's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail. Slip off your, you know, slip off your shorts. And, uh, all the stuff. Oh, I put a bit of shit through the whole bunch of ways. And well, not when you read the rest of it. But then you read. Former representative Mark Holy resound Friday min allagations that he sent in and appropriate emails to teenage pages. Remember that the song by the birds on my back pages? No. The Florida TV station that he's in treatment facility for alcoholism. It was the booze they've done it. You're fairie. A letter containing information was passed by fully to WPBF in my spot. Beats said David Roth, full is attorney. The facts apparently was sent from care water. But Roth wouldn't say today if that's where full is being treated. He's got a booze problem, baby. He's got a stupid problem. He's what he's got. That's. That's his biggest crime being stupid. A moron. Not to mention a hypocrite of course. But isn't it true with the right way? He's generally old. All those skeletons are rat-lin-arrowed in their closet's man. He's out there to protect its children. Just like Michael Jackson, he loves the children. And certainly, there are lunatics on the far right. For always pointing the finger because they have this self-loving. That's what it's all about. How speak of fat denny has to possess the justice department to investigate how law mickers handle allegations that fully exchange sexually explicit message with teenage congressional pages. These speakers or a facet. And believe you me, if you talk about any hazard, it must be a really big, back home orifice. To rare move forward caused by democratic leaders in the house and said it for a rapid inquiry earlier yesterday, questioning whether the GOP leadership in the house had improperly squelched concerns about former representatives of the police contact with the pages. I loved if you look at the online comments and all these different chat rooms and so on. All of them, not all, but most of the right wingers, most of the Republicans. Well, you know, Bill Clinton did this. Monica, when she was at it. And then of course, comes the typical response as well. She was legally, she was 21 or whatever. And a fat cow. Right. And that's what she went there to do. But the fact that this is this idiot puts this, you know, paper trail to all of us, puts it out there online in the internet. Talk about a moron. FBI spokesman Richard Colco said the bureau was looking at whether any federal laws have been violated in that matter, but had no further comment. A lot of what gay and grouper would think about all that. Sexual explicit message is for more, I could read them all if you want, but that's not going to do it. Just what kind of website? I'm sure Joshua, if you got it yet, did you find it? I haven't got it yet. When you mean you haven't got it yet, you just sent it to you, like five minutes ago. Well, I wouldn't lie. I haven't got it yet. You don't have it? Maybe I'll send it again. Sessionally explicit messages from former representatives of Mark Foley. You're fair to one former congressional page. It might be just the tip of the iceberg. Leader of an online association for former congressional pages said over the weekend. Did you see this kid? Matthew Lordish? No. That glass is he looks like a fat robbered griepper. Pudgy looks like me. Gross. While Foley was forced to resound this week after Pulish reports are friendly emails to 160-year-old male page and the pending broadcast of more sexually explicit instant messages, similar graphic messages from him were received by at least three other teenage males who once worked in the page program said Matthew Lordish. Merlin Coliseum, who runs the US House Page Alumni Association's Internet Message Board. Oh, the US House Page Alumni Association's Internet Message Board. All the message boards all the time. Say to get board. Lordish who served in the page for a ram in the 2001-2002 session at your routine. Nobody tried to molest him. Studies reviewed graphic messages sent to Foley by three or four other males from his page class. Did you get that yet? He's looking. I've known about them for seven years now, Lord. It said Saturday. It was more like, hey, look at this. Lord, it is 21. I don't think the people in question felt that on kephal was more like, oh, look at that creepy guy. Look at that fag. It was definitely crossing the line stuff. The instant message stuff I and stuff I've seen heard about definitely couldn't be misconstrued as merely friendly or innocent. He said. The spokesman for the FDLE confirmed the agency was deciding whether or not to pursue charges again Foley, a Republican who's resume is temporary left the treasure coast with that representation in Congress. We will be discussing this matter with the FBI. The FBI had never determined if there are grounds for a criminal investigation in it. So who has jurisdiction said Tom Burland, you achieved media's post and FDLE. The system was expected later this week for Lunders said adding the agency had the contact and Foley. FBI officials could be reached for comment. I guess maybe I'll have to read the, you know, like, do I make you a little horny and his sister? I can't read him on here. That's too lovely. Two graphic. Come on. Okay. Well, Josh can't find it anyway. Oh, I got it. I don't want to post it right now. Would be a good idea if you can do that. If it's not too much of a hardship, it's still what you're reading. You can help me out yourself. Self-sensor and all that. Yeah, the appropriate parts. All right. The inappropriate parts, I mean. The whole thing. He's in the appropriate part. God. And of course, the obvious question is, you know, who is the, we're never going to find out who this kid is? And we're never going to find out if he looked like that. We'll say this. And then also some of the responses in the chair rooms are well, it sounds like the kid is really into it and he was probably gay. He said, okay. Yeah, I guess that would make it okay. That a 52 year old member of Congress is sending these sexually suggested like, hey, you know, what you got what you do with it? Can't even point his hypocrite. Yeah, right. But I like, and you saw that one. They showed him again this morning. One day, God Almighty, screamer is all I said. So maybe they're like the gay youth. Maybe that's one of the areas of endeavor that they like attracted to is being a page in Congress. What do I have a lot of what he drew in the book? You turn him. That's right. Hold him. Do not bend, staple, or mutilate. Mark Fuldy. And Mark's Folding it. Oh, look at this. I'm putting it all out right now. Here it is. So I guess we'll do the break. And then thanks to George's, I'm going to read all this pornographic stuff on the ear. So you'll take the phone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's great. It's the new way. No, no, no, no, no. The new way. The new way. The new way. The new way. The new way. And then this time and then again a buttersweet sab They're so bright. Well, they're really not working the house over there too far. What say do you know? The night is where you've got ping-pong. Do you know! Ha-huh! How to write a USSHOT in the UK? Listen for what I'm asking you, you called the Western CoræŸ„. They 180 square miles. a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful and Christ's erronee cooks up perfect every time. As you sure. Mmm, you can have some more Christ's father. That's Christ's erronee, baby. Amen to that. Christ's erronee, the trans-substantiation tree. 27 before the hour. Wait till you are a schedule lady. Man, you're going to puke your guts out. Well, we got the mad dog to do it for because he had Jewish. Thank God for that. Then the power hour with mad dog and... Here's a grumpy. And for a hump or because it's you don't kipper, four to five then solo, Joseph Gackie five to seven. If you think you like that, curse and let me martes seven to ten. Oh my God. And then any K10 of clock. No ballgame for the moral and season is over. The baseball season, record or season is finito. And done trouses, it was really swell. That's what coined a done trouse. Whatever it hell that means. Any interest? No. Here's that transcript. Okay, Mark fully instant message chats with congressional page. This is George Rodriguez inspired. That's right. You're the one that... Well, haven't you read this? Don't you know what he said? Nope. No. Note, the exchange includes graphic sexual discussion. Fully. Pay auto response from. Kid. It just says we decked screen of autosakep. All right, scrouncing from food. Fully. Okay. Keep scrouncing. Kid. Boo. Kid. Life out loud. Kid. Where'd you go this afternoon? Fully. I'm in Pensacola. How to catch a plane? Kid. Oh well, that's fun. Fully in B. Kid, what are you doing in Pensacola? Fully now in my hotel room? Kid, well, like, why did you go there? Fully for the campaign? Kid, have you officially announced yet? Fully not yet? Kid. Cool. Fully. How's my favorite young stud doing? Kid tired and sore. Kid, I didn't... I didn't know what's in could make you sore. Fully from what? Kid, what do you mean from what? From waltzing, I'm sore from waltzing. Fully, that's good. You need a massage. Fully side off at 7.39.37 pm. Fully side back out again. 7.40.35. Kid. Got kicked off? Fully must have. You got kicked off. They got this. Connect. That's it. Kid. Tomorrow I have the first table of cross practice. Fully. Love to watch that. Those great legs running. Kid. Good night. That's why we have conditioning. Kid, two days running, three days lifting. Every week. And, slowly end of March. Fully. Well, don't ruin my mental picture. Kid. Oh, laugh out loud. Sorry. Fully nice. You'll be way hot then. Kid. Ha. Hopefully. Fully better be. Will I better let you go do your thing. Kid. Okay. Okay. Have fun campaigning. Or Harvey is spell it. Laph out loud. I'll see you in a couple weeks. Fully. Did any grog if you ate. Fully. Good job this weekend. Kid. Laph out loud. No. I'm single right now. My girlfriend and I broke up a few weeks ago. Fully. Are you? Good. So you're getting horny. Kid. Laph out loud a bit. Fully. You spank it yourself this weekend. Kid. No. Been two-third and busy. Fully. Wow. I'm never too busy. Ha. Kid. Ha. Fully. Or Terred. Kid. I don't do it very often normally though. Fully. Why not? At your age it seems like it would be a daily. Kid. Not me. I'm not a horn dog. Maybe two-three times a week. Fully. That's a good number. And the shower. Kid. No. Actually usually I don't do it in the shower. Just because I shower in the morning and quickly. Fully. In the bed. Kid. I get up at 5.30. I'm out the house by 6.10. Fully. I'm not going to read all these details here. But mine doesn't matter. Oh, geez. No. I'm not going to read all these details. I'm not going to read all these details. Kid. Laugh out loud. I see that. Laugh out loud. Fully. Really. Really do we face down? Kid. Yeah. Fully. Kneeling? Kid. Well I don't use my hand. I use the bed itself. Fully. I'm not going to read these. This is correct. I need closure. Yeah. You need closure. Brainy. Okay. If you can find one. Fully. Where do you unload it? Fully. Really completely naked? Kid. Well yeah. Very nice. Kid. Laugh out loud. Fully says, cute butt bouncing in the air. Kid. Well, I've never watched myself. But I guess yeah. Fully. I'm sure not. Great visual. I may try that. This goes on for pages and it gets too graphic. I'm not going to read this. Is your little lint guy, is your little guy limp or growing? Oh, it's just too long. What are you wearing, kid? Normal clothes, t-shirt and shorts. Fully. So a big bowels, kid. Yeah. Look. Love this split to the moth. Fully says. And grab the one I'd snake. I'm not going to read any more of this. I don't know why everybody's making a big deal out of that. That's just a normal conversation between the consequences. I mean, being totally nervous. And at 16 year old kid. Sure. That's right. You're not going to have no doubt about that. Anyway. That's all you're getting. Okay. The whole thing is on our website. Any second now for those of you who have been there. It's good on there. Oh, it's good on. It's good on for a long. So it's like the middle of the break. Wow. Well, let me take a look at it. I want to make sure I see where this is. Oh, there's that pigmented grace. Let's see where it. Oh, Mark Fully. It says message. Chants with congressional pages. It's the first to render news. Okay. And you can get all the other parts of it. I'm not going to read on the years. No way. I'm going to get me to read the rest of that. Sunday morning yesterday, Bridgham compared Mark Fully's behavior to an underrated Boyce, sophomores and juniors in high school. The president of Clinton's relationship with Monica Lewinsky. It might be redundant to say that this legitimizes Fox's a serious news network, but I'll say it anyway, or it's even Elliot on the smircling Timp. The faulty logic is obvious. There's no comparison between consensual legal sex between adults and the stalking and victimizing of children by an adult in position of authority over them. But what's worse is that Fox news would choose to avoid a boyly route to its party to view a generalized sexual serious crime. This is the same channel that makes a much out of child abuse and abductions when it doesn't hurt Republicans and boost their ratings. This is a channel of Bill O'Rally, who frequently had Mark Fully as a guest, and who's made your focus as supposedly for many exploitation of miners, much as Fully's was in Congress. To a quick relationship between consenting adults with the Republican party that covers for a predator in its own ranks is exactly what you'd expect from Fox news, and that's the shame of it. It's not even surprising. The morality of the issue was an afterthought. I feel like that. Not that those good Republicans are like that heavy breather Bill O'Rally, not necessarily. Don't do any of these things. They're not who they are. They're good Christians, baby. They're good at posting them more old people. Keep that in mind, man. And young kiffer, he's got me reading pornography on you. That's bad. That's a plot. I know the way you guys are twisted plot. How many games will it open when this season we got at 860 votes will make the 1000 easy. Who cares? 263. Who gives a crap? 6008 people said they won six. Screw the fish. 104. Well, I think they're doing a good job of that themselves. Nice collar, Nick. The next day of the night, the air coming to an end soon on a football field near you. 94 people said they won five. 87 people said four. 42 said seven. 34 people said, Sully meant they'd dose two. 33 said they're going to win eight. Like please, story. 31 people said they're going to win three. 31 people now. See three to get more optimistic by the second. 22 people said super bowl. I hate this full 15 only, 1.7 percent. 13 people said they're going to win nine. 8 people said they'll win ten. 5 people said 11 and 3 people said playoff. So there'll be playoffs. All right. Just ain't going to be in them. That's the problem. How many people said super bowl? I put that on there was a joke. There must be the joke boat. 23 sarcastic bastards said we're talking super bowl. Maybe super bowl. Boy, two minute two and a couple man. We got Joseph and I can't wait to that tower. Or can you? What? Ha ha ha ha. Let me tell you again about your carpets man. If you don't keep in clean, there's all kinds of schmutz down. And especially on your own kipper. I've been using dry concepts for 21 long years. And my homies and believe you may have wouldn't call anybody else. You shouldn't either. Just because you can't see the dirt mold in your carpet doesn't mean it's not in there. Next to your sink like I always tell you, your carpets are the biggest collector of germs and crap in your entire house. And soft thought a yethendigo long periods of time about opening windows which really can read on a health condition. More reason to dry clean those carpets on a regular basis with dry concepts. Your carpet last cleaner last longer because it takes the dirt out of the fibers deep down in there and stays clean the longer as well. It comes out softer. The colors come out looking brighter and your house smells limited fresh afterwards too. And don't forget not dry concepts is that it'll find a make frequent cleaning easy to save you a lot of cash. It's just a fraction the cost of regular cleaning. guarantee you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you use dry concepts. And Broward call at 9504-930778. That's 9504-3707778. And Broward or in dating palm meets it's toll free call. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 to make a long story short to the best in the world dry concepts. The best talent to be a real Roger S. Force Radio 560-808. You do not belong in here your damn crack yet. Go smoke your crack please. I'll show you I'm gonna flow it all up. I'm gonna flow you up. We're gonna flow things up. Stop. Stop. Ah. That was a parody of the 24 I believe. Was that a good 30 Mr. Frankton? Yes. It was just like a joke. I'd like to thank all involved. And if you can plainly see why, Aramaica is doing so well. Thank you. Thank you. Any chance we can start getting paid? The last person to ask me that was Tathar and Lampfer. Ah. You're lucky to be in my presence at all. And I might add that if you want to keep your intern job worshipping my greatness. I don't have to wave or not to me if you ever see me on a plane. That would be Frankton on a plane, Chomp. You're well-francing? Yes. Ah, Chomp, or you? Well, ah. And oh, how would it be, did it? And you are fired, did it? Do the cutbacks. Now, strange, she's headed it. Ah, come on. Ah, ah. Alright, let's get down to business here. Who did it? To do it! Put a democratic party. That's the order. Or you, Jean-Laurot. Ah, give me a call ahead. Let's get this not worth back on the ground. Who did I hell a you? I'm Catherine Lampfer. Who destroyed it? Get you, Gouilit Landlfer. Hey, you're the King of Honor. To rape you, Mommy. You can't rape me. You're a Gouilit Landlfer. Who's Gouilit Landlfer? Ah, ah. Ah, the back door doesn't make any sense. Ah, no, you're right. It don't make sense. No. No. There you were. What is it like a national comedy bit? Oh, ah, you may like one bit. You know, like that. Just chop it off in the middle. It's 11, before 11 a Q.A.M. may go up to a clock to the net to that you know what no one will know. Here's a fact. A little constant early in the morning on a Monday must be that dolphin game in a hurricane just barely squeaking by because we're cursed and softfoot when it comes to Hummel. Facts as I contrast Carl in the Sidney while mancoder goes on and on spewing bottlenecks to Mama tonight. So I guess the two of them are going to be back on with the Lenovo game. I don't know. I don't know what that. I don't have any interest. I won't watch it and couldn't care less. But I think for the last time they had the two of them on the same show. He just kind of like said over the edge of the couch and had a resist shooting an arrow through that end of example. Is that the way it works? Question for an arrow through the apple? That's a great idea. This is dated September 12, 1998 to show the hypocrisy of these right. We're always the same craft man. I mean everybody's a pervert but there's one group of people who just pretend it's all a rest of us that are perverts. September 12, 1998, St. Pete Times. For more than a week members of Congress said they would avoid partisan politics when they got kin stars report on President Clinton. But when they finally saw Friday they split along party lines. Republicans were aghashed at Clinton's behavior with may say it showed he had lied and abused his power. It's vile. So representative Mark Folti Republican and West Bomb beats. It's more said than anything else to see someone with such potential through what all down the drain because of a sexual addiction. I'd like that. Pot-con we killed pink. But of course he's got a drinking problem. Miss Foley. That's right. And once she gets out of that rehab man, she's going to be just as good as new. Richard Kim in the nation says, In his rest in peace Bill of Rights. On February 19, 1942, President Roosevelt signed executive order, 9v66, which led to the internment of 120,000 Japanese civilians, two-thirds of whom were U.S. citizens and military camps across the western half of the country. Effectively stripping Japanese Americans, virtually all constitutional protections, including rights to property, crowd by jury, and habeas corpus. 9v66 is now widely decried as one of the darkest moments in U.S. history. In 1988 Congress passed public law 183, which apologized to Japanese internies, provided reparations, agreed that a public education fund to inform the public about the intraministation individual service of friends that we encourage of any similar event. Congress should have enrolled in its own re-education program. By passing the Military Commission's Act, aka the torture bill, Congress's granted the Bush administration extraordinary powers to retain interrogated and prosecute alleged terrorist supporters. Anyone anywhere in the world at any time, maybe similarly classified as an unlawful enemy combatant by the executive branch, seasoned and detained in definitely a military prison. As Bruce Aquaman points out to me LA Times, the definition of unlawful enemy combatant includes those who purposefully and materially supported how still he's against the U.S. by say writing a check to a Middle East charity, and may extend the U.S. citizens. Thanks to these Supreme Court's decision in Humdi vs. Rumsfeld, U.S. is at least a peer-to-rethane habeas corpus writes a foundation of Western jurisprudence for our nationals do not. They act explicitly denies them the rid of habeas corpus to write to be charged and tried in the right to appeal any convictions in a court of law. These wartime powers rival and exceed those assumed by Roosevelt during WWII, even worse unlike the case of executive order of 1966, Congress's given President Bush to stamp a legislative authority. In this context, perhaps the most hot case for the torture bill came from a Senator Arlin's specter. Though he believes the bill to be patently unconstitutional on his face, he voted for it anyway because he hopes the court will clean it up, but there is no reason to believe the courts will like it in any such manner. As Aquaman points out to cormatsu case, we've validated Japanese internment still stands as President. Since 911, federal courts and abortion administration have used cormatsu like language to define a state of emergency and justify racial profiling, and we, not like Michelle Nalkin, have argued that racial profiling and intention of Japanese during WWII was justified as his profiling and intention of Arabs and war on terror. As Aquaman argues, congressional support of presidential power will make it much easier to extend a cramatsu decision to further mass seizures. Moreover, hand-inverses from spelledi Supreme Court case at temper early jeopardized Bush's effinutual detention specifically said a lack of congressional approval, not Congress's given him the approval. For those who believe that mass and termic can never happen again, the US now holds 14,000 detainees in prisons at Iraq, get malafghanistan, other than under closed locations. 14,000 people who can be held independently without a fair trial by secret evidence to which they have no access or that may be obtained by what most considered torture. 14,000 counting never again is now. Now we would never do this right with bang until it became a civil war. I better go out and get that Bob Woodward book. I can leave right now and be back in less than an hour. I'll play some music. I'll read that transcript. Yeah, but you would. 912 votes will have a thousand Bob before noon on those dolphins, man. I still can't get over it. As much as I was hoping that they would lose and they did, I just can't convince myself that they lost to the just an abysmal team that was O13 and you do realize Josh by any, with any luck, a separate one penalty they'd be O14 now. Yeah. Probably in that Tennessee game. And you do realize I did tell you there would be a really tough game for the dolphins and you didn't believe me. Well, I couldn't believe it. I saw it and I still couldn't believe you. I mean, you're like I saw the Patriots kick Cincinnati ass right there in Cincinnati and I still can't believe that. Just amazing to me. Not that I would be watching football on the tube. You do understand that. Of course I spent all day Sunday watching football on them. Anyway, 925 votes. And we got 25 people said super rule and four people said playoff. All right. What is Miss Falling on their fully fallout? Star today's White House briefing. You'll see it. Oh yeah, Tony Snow and of course she said, but it would be a bit of a wrap. It's not a big deal. He never stole a freight train. The feasting. So the best tell us if this is the orodress for Shreddie of 550. You ain't. So we have football fans. Shreddie and Furgic King want you to have Super Bowl 21 tickets. Stop by any participating Burger King restaurant. Each week I look for that week special WQAM text message code. Then text that keywords to 2543-0 and you'll be unabagnified for a chance to win. Tickets are Super Bowl 40-0 at Dolphin Stadium. Fush a loss of Painted for a chance to win. See you to see your favorite hometown to New York's name in Agua and Orange. Tell me the 2AM and Burger King will be giving away 25 pairs of CBS 2E Show. We from Gana Dolphin Stadium are the year away 25 pairs of tickets to each where there's an old game in a pair of tickets to Super Bowl 41 from Burger King and 420-0562AM. So it's a Super 31. If you're going to lose or just bring it back to us for the 50th house. I'm a fierce. He's 420-560. That's a new QAM. Miami Fort Lardino. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped to bits by a finely-hinged meat fever. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains, real food for real people. You softly accuse me of giving aid and comfort to their laden because of what happened this morning. No one knew how tired it is. Sister. You know what? Plant plants in. Plant animals. All these still going when they're in. And they're talking to them. The truth is, Roe. And this on the beat is slow. And no matter where you go, it's playing present. The truth is, Roe. You know what? Plant plants in. Plant plants. The truth is, Roe. And this still going when they're in. Oh, yes, the mirror is just going. All day out, and the show ends. And the camera is going. Richard Clark, and all the intelligence people said that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get Menloten. And trained close for apparently everybody has sense. And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings. And you know what's not true. It's just not true. 11.01 at 5.60. And nobody to cue. Here's a fact that says if any has to, the Republicans really had with the public's interest in mind. Oh, yeah. They would have sent fully the one who was special in the Fagging Church. They would have found out about his problem. Yeah, they would have made him a member of the ex-gays and ex-step pedophiles, whatever he was problem in a day basically. They would have had his hands. Pussy's got a busy, that's what he wanted to do lay on hands with that page. And then it goes into the thing, I guess how long has that story been under? Josh, about a half an hour you put it on there? Yeah, about there. It's already number five on hit parade, moving up the charts like crazy on our website. Well, that's because he didn't finish reading. Mark, I'm not going to finish reading. You know, if you let, you go ahead and you finish reading. Yeah, see how long we leave here. Sorry, I saw him here. God. 950 votes on the pull and by the way, he's 26 people say they're strong and superbowl. Nice, nice, something. And play off five. That's in last place. That's holding up the rear only five. The next day of an era, come rapidly, you're fighting through a close. Although I will say this, at least they scored a touchdown. Right? Yeah, they scored a lot of the often offense. They scored a touchdown again. This is what it boils down. We're couple of field rules and then pretty much sense it. And at two point conversion man, that was the thing of beauty. Speaking of Republicans, Republican Charlie Christ is taking a command in 21.0 lead over Democrat Jim Davis in the race to be Florida's next governor according to a pool in the Harold. 21.0 lead, 51.2, but third man. And the side being a national pool. About 16% of voters are undecided and nobody has any ID who Jim Dive is his anyway. The cancer of Davis will have to win over all of the fence citizen, Peel away, Chris supporters. With the popular Republican governor, Fanny, as she had bush leaving office and competitive races underway for cabinet legislature, Florida Democrats had hope to regain a toehold and telly see this election, but they gave him margin between Chris and Davis had to top of the ticket, threatens to drag down other democratic candidates on the November 7th ballot. If Jim loses by 15 points, other candidates could really suffer, said state senator Steve Gillard, Hallendale Beach, the Democratic Senate leader. Chris, internal polls have shown such a solid lead that some close advisors as campaign team has already begun to discuss pancerism administration. He's locking up Republican voters, corraling more than half of the independent even ciphoning of fortunate Democrats, corraling more than half of the independent even ciphoning of fortunate Democrats, corraling more than half of the independent even ciphoning of fortunate Democrats, corraling the whole pool. His Davis gets only 65% in contrast, Chris gets 85% of the Republican vote. Nobody knows Jim James Davis from Buds Davis. Who? Buds Davis. Former Hurray Keynes coach. Former Cleveland Brown's coach. A real Yahoo man, a really drooling Yahoo. Buds Davis. Who can't even pronounce his name right? Speaking of pools, we're all the pools all the time. That's what Mark Foli wants. How's your poll, Duan? My son, thank you. Now I'm asking that. That was just quoting Samori. Why do you want to meet a read from those emails? Oh, that was on there too. Well, something like that. Oh yeah. I don't know whether it was turgid, whether it was a just, it's for us. Okay. It's typical kind of thing you'd expect the congressman to write to a 16 year old page. Oh, he's moved in the number four now. Mark Foli instant message, message, chance with congressional page. Move down into a time for fourth. And moving up the hit parade. I bet you by the time we leave here at two o'clock, it's going to eclipse how Mark Foli represents a good human Fox news, which is number one at the moment. But over 200 reads, there's my good friend, Susan Candy, Odie. Originated in the state of Florida. It is not clear where that investigation will lead, but the FBI is to lead on it. Susan Candy, Odie. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the FBI, I.I. is in on it. And like that, other article said, the just the tip of the iceberg. And somebody wanted to see just a tip. I doubt it. U.S. Senator George Allen's Democratic opponent is close to gap in the race reflecting two difficult weeks for the first time Republican battling claims of racial and sensitivity. This is Senator McCockowitz, by the way, for those who are uninitiated. Allen and Jim Webb each had support of 43% of the respondents accordingly. New MSNBC McClack's youthful conducted by Mason Dixon, Polion Research Mason Vixen Lime, baby. I'm sure love that whole idea of the Mason Vixen Lime. Sure. 12% were on the side of 2% back to independent candidate, D.L. Parker. Allen, who was, of course, positioning himself for a 2008 presidential race as he saw the reelection, led web by 16 points in the same poll two months ago. Now it's even Stephen 4343, did even a dead dreadlock. Amacaca lock. Allen saw a support drop in a poll since he single about 20 year old webcam pain volunteer of Indian acid and nearly all by rally August Lemma called Amacaca. A word considered a racial slurring some couches. And you know, his mother was from Sudan. You know that. Or there were many Macaca's. I see. And it was a word that was used in the family. And of course he, he, the press had the audacity to say, oh, he just made it up. The latest poll was conducted amid new widely publicized claims by Allen's former University of Virginia football teammates that in the early 70s, Allen often used the in-word to refer to black people. Allen said in the Friday night interview on the Fox news network that Web and I was not oxymore on Fox news. And Web and his Democratic allies were fending these youths to confuse the voters. Web campaign strategists Steve Jardings said the poll show of Allen is in a tail spin. He's in a macaca with tail spin. Oh, a school locked out in Vegas. He's in on units arriving. They're well, and do that as school students in our communities if like right without sunshine. We believe we have a predator around him. Out that house. Student they brought a gun to school. So it's helping. Was a former student. That's what my fully said. You might have some ideas with this person. Maybe reports from other students or when are you getting? Well, the indication is now, yes, we do know who he is. We believe he's a juvenile. We just can use a former student who had been trespassed from the school. Is that what they said in case that over you was constant on Friday two was a former student and later on a turn out was a 50 year old student in the school. You know, all the MS information all the time. It just make it up. If you don't have the info, just make it up. That's what we do. We haven't got a clue what those going on. So we just talk crap, you know, make it up. How about cats and Harrison that plane? What about it? Well, I do love the guy who was spot with, who would mini me. That's just, yes. That's all over the place now. It's good thing. Yeah. He is the best. He's great. Yes, he does his name again. He's a herntroyer. Travis Bickel is that his name? Yes. He's talking to me. Let's see. We got 900 and 70 votes before 1130 will be passed at 1000 mark easy. No problem at all. We're just rolling along. We're doing it. You know, and the fact that the dolphins are off at this one and three. Start an easily easily could be all in four. That means they're going to lose even more millions across the street again on another fast, do we? Dolphin season. Isn't that going to be bad? It's probably losing more than we lost in the Marlins. Anybody want those Marlins games next season? Come on, you can have them. Wrap it up and put a nice bow on it for you. British troops battling the Taliban are to withdraw from one of the most dangerous areas of Afghanistan. This is from the Brit times online. After green to a secret deal with local people, with the local locals. Over the past two months, British soldiers have come under sustained attack, defending a remote mud wall government outpost in the town of Musa Kala and southern Afghanistan, eight have been killed there. It's now been agreed that troops will quietly pull out of Musa Kala and return for the Taliban to in the same. The campan is one of four district governments offices in the Helmman province being burdened by British troops. Although soldiers on the ground may welcome the agreement, it's likely to raise new questions about troops deployment. Last month, Sir Richard did not, the new head of the British Army warned that soldiers in Afghanistan were fighting at the limit of their capacity and can only just cope with the demands. When British troops were first sent to Afghanistan, it was hoped they would help kickstart the country's reconstruction. But under pressure from President Karzai, the UNIcal's stewage, they were forced to defend Afghan government district centers at Musa Kala, sang in Nauzad and Fajaki. And Kala Saki. And Kala Saki, given by Kim and Wallace, shirt on the report, 158 and 2. 974 hosts on the poll and excuse me for continuing to go back to that stance page. But isn't it curious that we've had that thing on for like about 35 minutes? That's what the public wants. You write, I should read the whole thing. Telling you, I'm not going to read the whole thing. You can see I'm instant message, shant. Oh yeah, they left the other one. It's in a clear number four. I'm moving toward the top. 100 people are right at her. And just three, five, 40 minutes. They want it. Well, they're politically oriented. Don't you understand? Exactly. They're activists. They're specifically minded. Yeah, just like Mark Foli is. Why he's got a booze problem. And that's a catch all, you know. He's got like Mel Gibson. He's got an anti-Semite. He's not a bigot. He's not a Holocaust in our. He's just got a little bit of a booze problem. The booze made me do it. By the way, all you stood when the Lexals out there quit right in these movie reviews. And I am the being certain. That's a lot of stuff including the end yard. Who do you think writes those things? Are you trying to say, hey, is that what you're trying to say? Oh, they sued. Well, that's why they're. That's why they're reviewed. That's what I just said. If the worker, then there wouldn't be anybody right reviews. Oh, I'm pretty old. She is such a genius. Probably the dreamers was on again over the weekend. Of course, you know, there was all that new to the in there, including Eva Green and Michael Pitt and her ugly brother. But then he, you know, I was, I was compelled to spirit a crest movie to watch it again. And I know we talked about it before. And, and then you go on IMDB and you read all these reviews and you wondered, well, they watched it the same click that I was watching. Yeah. I mean, it was, it was okay. There were a lot of us suggestive stuff in there. And then the summit wasn't even suggestive with more explicit. But he didn't really have the balls to carry out what the message you was trying to give whatever that was. And then this business about wild. You know, the three characters were metaphor is for something. They don't go for a fight. It's a metaphor for something, right? Yeah. Well, I know that the Eva Green, she was a metaphor for a naked chick and I got it. Yeah. And Michael Pitt, he was a metaphor for a kid that kept getting up out of the bathtub, stark naked with his, uh, the important part of the plot wasn't lost on me. In fact, wasn't Mark Foley played at Kingston trio song for, uh, the 16 year old page hanged down your head, Tom Doley. That's what Michael Pitt was doing in this movie a lot. I think part of that part was filmed with the dragon in which I didn't know that that was in Paris. And then, of course, the rebel C.O.M. Baby in the streets of the end of the movie, which made no sense. Let's hit the streets, you know, on all of the sudden the activists, the, the, Okay, then his sister. Yeah, we're, they were active at the whole movie. Yeah, uh, they were more like, uh, new activists. And then, of course, the C.O.M. I was when the parents come in, you know, and the places in total turmoil. And then they look on to that make believe that, well, would you want to call I think, a tent that they were sleeping in, they, they pitched the tent. Yeah, that's what it looked like when Michael got up on the, uh, bathroom real fact. But anyway, and then so as a punishment for this kind of everyone bizarre behavior, the father writes a check and leaves it on the, uh, counter the. Uh, but it's part of Luce, he's a genius. See, I'm just a demold, slob man. I don't understand any of these things. I'm not a great intellectual, like the people of these reviews. I'm not qualified to do that. I don't want to say a lot of these suits has just happened to be gay, but it seems like anytime that, uh, that there's any kind of factory at all, all these suits just rave about it. Like, oh, the, the, the, the, the one that we never actually saw anything explicitly between the brother and Michael pit that we didn't know. True. Not a suggestion there, but the bird would even have the balls to show it. Yeah, I suggest that's time use two girls. Or maybe just give Mark, or do the cast. The biggest thing, the best, how much, the biggest is, we own Roger's, course, radio five sixty. Five sixty. Two. And. And. And. Then to palmanor. Puppers over this performance by the golf. Now, inside addition, the George, the new movie gets of a president. Have you seen it? I haven't seen it. It's a fictitious movie about, um, I haven't seen the movie. About your death. Uh. Do you know what the word fictitious means? Not really. It means not real, because you're not dead. I know that. Yeah. Some people say that you're brain dead. I simply do not agree. What's your IQ? 300 billion. Really? What's your IQ? 13.5. Whoa. I don't have intelligence. That's a problem. Oh, we don't have a problem. Less ignore it. Sorry, they shouldn't. We'll be right back. 11. 10. The five 60 WKM. So anyway, fully says that 8.08 31. Get a ruler and measure it for me. Okay. He's back out again, because you're so demanding. Maybe he's talking about the window. Kids says, I've already told you that. Fully. Tell me again. Kids says, seven and a half. Fully goes, mmm. And the reason I'm like, ah, ah, no, a 20m's. 20m's after the you. Mmm. Beautiful. His laugh hour blouse. Fully. That's a great size. And then it goes on I can't the The word stiff is in there here and there, but I just not gonna read the rest of it. Okay, just drop out a few little bits and pieces You can read it on our website Okay, okay, a trailing is the term old troll Mark fully is a I'm a real troll who's got a booze problem to we say Right, he just says don't call him Mary I bet you we got a thousand votes. I think we had 999 last time I checked 1,000 for or let's share it But he liked that and five people said that often to make the playoffs and 26 people say they're gonna make the Super Bowl which is one of the great jokes It's not like accepted tank to me the FBI's top capitalism official harbours lots of concerns weapons and mass destruction I've detected homegrown terrorist and the possibility that old fashion monsters will team up with a kind of for the right price Though there's no direct evidence yet organize crime collaborating with terrorists the first hint of a connection surface and a recent undercover FBI Operation Aden stuff the man would let's mob ties from selling missiles to one informant posing as a terrorist middle man a pimped That case another factors are heightening concerns about a real life episode of these soprano is teaming with those some of the law And followers were continuing to look for a nexus said Joseph Billy Jr The FBI's top counterterrorism official were looking at his very aggressively The news strategy involves an analysis of nationwide criminal investigations especially white collar crime side by side with intelligence and terrorist activity We've developed an ability to look harder and broader and greatly enhance way to see if there is any crossover Billy said and if he were the A and P Organized crimes and it gets confessed still take my transfers are laundering humans smuggling ID fraud or explosives and weapons acquisitions official said the options are many for terrorist groups There are five repeated Lakustra no sur families in New York version criminal enterprises from bright and beach in New York Bureau of Brooklyn, Damasco and emerging avian crimes and it gets them operated in many Islamic countries without cut off shoots A contract study produced recently for the Pentagon and became by the A and P warned that the potential for organized crime assisting terrorists is growing Didn't know what it also said those emails is growing I think that's what it said now if you were 16 and you were getting emails like this from somebody was supposed to be a reputable number of Congress It's up into what he looked like no a guy oh, I mean wouldn't you response me? You're fair what are you talking about? I mean when you know I don't know it'd be you bag my next call would be like to my lawyer asking him how much can I get out of this right there You go there would be good idea Blackmail sounds like a hell of an idea Now you're in the votes on the pool the conclusion is the same an era is rapidly drawing to a close Oh, speak of those good religions you're gonna love this they cry Pray devotion wash out the devil welcome to Jesus camp. Oh, it's been all over the place a documentary on evangelical Christian children's canches cousin upper in the USA This is from the Guardian UK The children of kids on fire summer camp are intended as they pray over a cardboard cut out of prison a George Bush They raise their hands in the air and sway eyes closes they join the chance for righteous judges Tears dream down their faces. This is like a bedroæ¯ all over again. Absolutely Tears dream down their faces as they're told that they are phony's and hypocrites and must wash their hands in bottled water drive out the devil Better not be the peri a man that the French sure fry the freedom fry. Yeah, that's that French peon it The documentary film Jesus camp follows three children at the kids on fire pentacostal summer camp in the small city of devils like North Dakota I bet you that's a hop-in town Tory age 10 tells the camera. Oh, she likes Christian heavy metal rock and roll rather than Britney Spears that bitch When I dance he says that she converts around her bedroom I have to make sure that that's God people will notice when I'm just dancing for the flesh Filmed over a year by two New York based documentary makers the film is caused a fewer since it opened in the midwest of weeks ago Sending evangelical Christians against non-believers and separating pentacostal from non-pennacostal evangelicals one group of gishies against another By the way, I saw them on kipper. You don't say happy on kipper today of a tone when after tone for your sins, Miss Foley Have yourself a festive young man. You're saddled troll after TV news report about the film became a hit on you Q dot com It attracted media attention across the company opens in LA today. Let's see. Is this day that today? September 9 the I opened this weekend Saturday Some critics say that the often raw approaches by the camps founder pastor Becky Fisher or she prepares the children for war There's two scary Others accused of documentary makers of distorting pastor Fisher's message Jesus campus a sarcastic documentary that paints evangelical fundamentalist charismatic and politically concerned Christians is very shrill War like endangers a quick a grote on the Christian website movie guy that org yeah boy We don't want to do that at one point pastor Fisher equates the preparation She's giving children with a training guitarist in the middle east I want to see young people are committed to the cause of Jesus as the young people are of the cause of Islam She tells the camera, but I tell you It's madroses at part two. I want to see them radically laying down their lives for the gospel Is there over in Pakistan and Israel and Palestine Those cops comments coffee. I have talking at Hitzinger David Birn who saw the film of a festival in Washington, June I kept saying to myself Okay, these are the Christian version of the madroses he wrote on his blog so both sides are pretty much equally sick sick The film garnered more publicity when Michael Morris from he knit against the distributors wishes at his Traverse City film festival One member of the audience there said after seeing it the people in the film were so bizarre yet They were so sincere they were like Leslie Nielsen in their plane the film on the festival's scariest movie award Extreme liberals who look at this should be quaking in their boots past the Fisher says at one point in the film She goes out and tell the children mostly age seven to twelve This is a sickle world kids you got to change thing. This means war you're part of it Despite her sometimes unsympathetic portrayal in Jesus camp She helped to make her is Heidi youwing and Rachel gritty promote the film They're out to tell a story and they felt they found ground in They found it with some of the political things she told the LA times and they're out to show the most dramatic Exotic extreme things they found in my ministry and I'm not ashamed of those things But without context it's really difficult to defend what you're seeing on the screen The filmmakers say that they're set out to examine the two cultures in contemporary America Clearly there are two parallel America as they say on the film's website One is a conservative counterculture comprised of tens of millions of evangelical Christians who feel engages in a culture war with what they perceive as Immorality and godless liberalism But they deny that they deliberately misinterpreted their subjects or even took sides into debate We intentionally made a film that was devoid of a point of view to said the code director Rachel gritty We did expect different reactions but how stark those differences are has been fascinating One camp locks is it and want to send their kids to the camp on the other end There are people who want to call the cops But the reaction from some evangelical groups is already harmed the film which opened to whistle on some at Western states The Reverend Ted Hagrid who runs the 30 million strong National association of evangelicals and appears in the film called him as followers to shun the film The box office in the Midwest did not meet the distributed his expectations The Reverend Hagrid said the film was too literal in presentation some of the opinions of pastor Fisher My concern is that those on the far left will use it to be enforced They're most negative stereotypes of Christian believers a total Christianity today the war talk He said was allegorical it doesn't mean we're gonna establish it theocracy and force people who are they what they think is God's law Ms. Brady said she was disappointed by his reaction We're very disappointed that somebody was such cloud has rejected the movie She said I think he doesn't like how he comes across in the movie Pastor Becky Fisher seems to be enjoying her mama celebrity I've gotten thousands of hits on my website. He told the LA times I'm wearing sunglasses in the airport It's really making me nervous According to the website pastor Fisher worked in business for 23 years. We taken it before taking it a full time industry She managed to family enterprises a motel on an FM radio station for 10 years and then a little custom sign shot and work part time As a children's pastor at a local church in Bismarck, North Dakota Her kids ministry international states on its website We believe that childhood is the time that God designed for people to receive the gospel and all the controversy generated by the film Pastor a minute pastor Fisher is defended herself excuse me. She says in the film, but we have the truth How do you like that? Have them the truth Maybe she's got a Rinking problem so is a good excuse 4 radio 560 Twitter 0 Come But to the field that's not good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, No Harry Potter Funk &ëŠ” The Our Lady is strong and does all this art of music that you have done as prettySuper Set on TV every day but it didn't have an way we'd know, none of us. I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend I'm just proud to be a friend Now you tell me that the intercom is going back on the year again We had that problem once before and Josh is going to tell me He told me that only problem is that you don't give it enough time when you press the button You got to give it like a beat and then talk What does that mean? Press the button Otherwise it goes on the air Otherwise it goes on the air Otherwise it goes on the air Just up a pause Like a second The first word is syllable of everything What's that mean? That means that there's a delay when you press that button Like a second delay before it cuts off the program Fully says take it out Pusses I'm just in just reading selected parts here Okay, I'm trying to do a lot of context So then that is a Grab I see Kisses, VRB Be right back my mom is yelling Fully, okay Then like three minutes later Back Fully, cool, hope she didn't see anything Kid, no no she's computer dumb though It makes me so mad Fully good Ha What the hell was that? Oh, he was in bed What? That Oh Because she can't do anything Fully, oh well, kids She couldn't figure out how to download a file from an email I'm an open-and-lucky for them, I guess Ha ha ha Yeah So it's been on air So speaking of Muckwakers There's not Jackass Tom Feele I'm seeing an endless That was all No, no Jackass So he was Yes, that's right At least he's an angel email They went to the page I was hearing he's an arresting time We're thinking of a week Cool And messages Yeah, and at the time you decided to The paper decided not to write a piece Based on the The news on the news on the news What your concerns were Um, several I think that we felt Initially that the language Although I think it was probably In appropriate Was also a previous In what it actually meant Or what the Yeah He was drawing a big question for us I think he was a whole different person He was being accompanied by the page Rather than the text guy story He was an initiated by He's an example He's a colleague He's a colleague He's a colleague He's being very anonymous He's the biggest investigative hot chat From the Miami-Herald Don't you know what What happened to the house name Is You're a colleague And it's a colleague Overly Friendly As the speaker has said Hey, tell me Overly Friendly Right And that's how we described it So if I just read this is a little bit Overly Friendly Certainly not sexual and certainly not Totally Of course not Can you only imagine That this was an isolated incident In fact it was the only way It had come to our attention Obviously on hindsight When this resurface Last Thursday on ABC's website We went back and looked at it To see if there was something that we may have missed And of course along with Much of the rest of the Yeah How many times in the last year or two If I told you that Mark Foley was Yeah about how many thousand About 20 million times I told you that Just like Charlie Christ your next governor Yeah, you know Not that there would be anything wrong with that And that necessarily You know Not that that would automatically make Some kind of a pedophile Who was trolling for underage Pages on the internet But in this case it didn't it was And Tom Pages as well We didn't think it was in a par was vague And ambiguous right if I read you the Finally any of this stuff I already read you What kind of a moron would you have to be not to understand What the hell he's getting man right How big is it and blow it I like to be there now And slip off those well whatever You know this is the normal conversation the guys have with the chat That's correct. It's guy talk That's what happens really things Yeah, yeah talk Yeah, talk Exactly It's troll talk T-T troll talk A small town theater owner says he wasn't trying to send Hollywood a message When he shut down for two weeks rather than show the box office leader Jack has two Or other new releases that he called it dribble He shut down rather than show Jack has two Yeah, well I saw it and it's one of the funniest friggin movies ever ever seen well You're not going to be going to this theater then and hoops in Illinois But even if not purposeful great boardman's blank screen protest is getting a thumbs up from movie go There's a lot of people who are going to be on the way to the There's a lot of people who are going to be on the way to the They're not appropriate for really anybody but I'm sure when my kids go to one of them These are as convictions he needs to stand by them Steve Lloyd 59 of nearby Rossville Illinois set of offering such as beer fish and the Jack has SQL that briefly landed a closed sign on the marquee outside boardman's Lorraine theater Jack has features Johnny Knoxville And his gang performing crazy stuff in involving stuff in Flickton pain beer fish Devils around fictional siblings who participate and in Olympic style drinking competition I would have marked full reason on that he's got a drinking problem The 84 year old 500 seat Lorraine theater in downtown Hoops and we open Friday showing Business football biopic invincible now we're talking while on 85 seat sister theater down the street We let a screen with Sony's animated kids movie open season I guess the dreamers is not going to be shown soon in a those theaters in Hoops in Illinois Hoops in native PJ Klingan peel said the protagonist should never been Klingan peel I see it slip on it That's like belching fart Klingan peel Seth the project you should never been turned off in the first place He said the two weeks shut down the only heard children this time where boardman movie has There was an escape ring about all you got to do outside of school and sports All he did was ruin a lot of kids weekends. That's why I think he's a cry baby He said Klingan peel a 30 year old welder Birdman Boardman says he's sorry the dark and screens cut out of the town's limited entertainment options But he says he'll shut down again if faced with a similar batch of films Adding the contractual issues with the studios such as guarantees on first week received sometimes limited options Yeah, the mommy Harold and Tom people thought that was just you know ambiguous wording there in that And it's insane to be right Maybe maybe some of you folks out of 10 time a couple of diagrams. Okay, drum some pictures. Oh, you know exactly what it was I explain in what they're only we're talking about political rags. Yeah, piece of crap The mother rifle any feathers there in a Harold but of course one was Gary Hart when it was the democratic set was running for president When he had to take him up on his challenge, you know, he had to put on that yellow trench coat and go chase and Gary and Donna Rice around in that boat That's the Harold for a pandering to a group of people who hate them like poison you know, I mean That's the crowd they hate you that wish you would die Tom 19th of noon, worried a lot of votes. I'm as cool about the dolphins and the consensus is they suck thousand and 65 votes and only five people say a six people not play us and 27 people say we're smelling it man We're thinking I think I'm a football that's right I like that bitch So what you try to tell me though, I'm gonna hit the the intercom here. This is this is what we went through yes Yeah, you have to give it a pause before you start talking why and then if I don't what happens every year The first syllable of everything you say goes up for syllable. Yeah, well, how about if I word like with F like forget about it Then that would be choice. Let's try that's not my choice. Yeah, we'll try it during the break. Get about say fire truck Crimes with That's right. Yeah, okay enough already with the field today. Okay. It's only Monday now ready to start now Not good, if that's not for the graphic and I've seen enough for you. We got Joseph Gackie for the hopper Okay, okay because it's a young kippur At least isn't a high time. You took the stress and we're at a last minute of hurricane per person's don't be a schmuck again A wait till a hurricane is just upon your neighborhood because that's too late the hurricane shut around that manufacturers easy to use a courty and shutters and other providers for installation Two if you need them to stick it in their for you nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three They feature rule downs accordions and panels just like the hurricane shut around. Let's have to make a ribbon install shutters for you call nine five four Two three seven seventy eighty three right now. Get under way to top not protection the hurricane shut around Let's family own and operated their license and sure and they brought and Palm Beach County approved They stock all sizes of therapeutic carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your specifications are ready for pickup delivery or like I said If you want to leave an install them for you too the public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted And when you do call be sure and tell them old meals since you buy because they'll give you a hundred bucks off a minimum order a 350 square features for mentioning my name The hurricane shut around look all nine five four two three seven seven o eight three Log them to their website hurricane shutter outlet dot com Twidio five sixty two eight At it This station presents real American yours We Today we salute you mr. eBay captain of industries Whether it's grandma's past that a leg a GI Joe with kung fu grip or a water pump from a seventy nine Grandma you smell money where others smells garbage one man's An old lady with a digital camera a PC and a detailed knowledge of you geocards You mr. eBay captain of industries have created an empire Your reserve is always low So the next time you purchase a seven vintage clown figures for a mama's family beta max box set Be sure to use pay ball and get positive feedback to mr. eBay captain of industry All real on America hero You made how much I thought autograph Kevin federal line hit Mark fully said that kid handle that package carefully. I think he did say something like that A didn't answer number three by the way. I hit parade and By the end of the show that's gonna be the most written thing on our website Mark fully's instant message chats with two rational things Maybe you know since you want to have a lot of hits on the website you should just change the format to all the filthy Republican sex stories Oh, well, we don't have that much room though just get stared after the first 40-50 stories. Yes, I do Hey listen there's only like about 17 of money and so I'll read number three with a bullet. Yeah, not a baby Hmm, not a bad weekend for still there you go. I didn't want to overdo it plus I didn't have much energy after It's a 12 hour marathon lose my asset with blind Saturday and give me back most of what I won last week I'm saying one thing it's like they got a camera going there and if you want a certain amount They make them sure they get it back as fast as they can because you might you know skip down or something with their money Spuck Delray parishioners have mixed reaction in the wake of charges against priest remember that story on Friday about those two priests that ripped off all of that cash Yeah, the mercy of the same Vincent for rare faithful was tested yesterday in the first full day of mass and those two former priests Or charged with stealing as much as eight points six million dollars in church funds What's the nine million among friends hundreds of ten of masses throughout the day at the Catholic Church on George Bush Boulevard in Del Ray Beach Services that on the surface seemed like any other day But these are no ordinary times Bishop Gerald Barberi with a Palm Beach dies. He told first nurse These are very serious allegations against the priest to sign here Barberi to told the ATM company Barberi no wasn't he in like Happy days welcome back. How do we welcome back? That wasn't John Revolt of us did Barberi. Oh, no. Hey Johnny you're fairy There are feelings of hurt of betrayal the Lord holds high status for all of us most of all those who take leadership position in the church He be Sam Barberino Barberino Barberino's remarks came at the end of an hour long service in which little was mentioned of what the priest had been or what they've charged with The closest monsenior Leonard Vadilla came was an opening sermon on what happens to those who sin a speech change with sadness and frustration You know what happens to mr No, what I'm here somewhere they all well. That's right. I see I Hope we have a smile on our face this morning. It's been a difficult week. You said but what would life be like without crisis? But we're here because of Christ or maybe he's here because of the governor. There's got a gay Chris Father and you're long investigation church finance. I don't want to be dancing near about how much to eight points six Well almost eight points seven minute Yeah, in offer to a cash and a scheme going back decades Yeah, the church is upset because only they're allowed to steal from the parishioners Police say scheme and win-ann use some of their money to buy properties in Palm Beach County in their native Ireland To pay for guilt. They must have a drinking product I wish to pay for gambling trips to Vegas and the Bahamas and to support women the probable cause of it Even describes his girlfriends or at least they had girlfriends That's that's the step of my direction of prizes of the fin yeah, makes the story very hard to believe Schee and served same Vincent for 40 years until his retirement in 2003 Precisely over the churches a group from a few hundred to several thousand parishioners and a circle just keep coming back He was arrested Wednesday at a Palm Beach International Airport every turning from Ireland posted bond on Friday Meanwhile possibly believe Police believe women is vacationing in Australia possibly on a cruise Oh, yeah, I'll be the first fruit pre-free scene cruising When I was pastor at St Patrick church in Palm Beach Gardens before taking over for skiing at the same Vincent for left in 2005 Maybe it was a ski and trip Delray Beach Police and return Because and pages on Sunday. Oh, no, not go again. I don't got pages too now in the church Not enough of the altar boys. They got to bring the pages in too So what do I tell you about that one page that kept showing under this morning my god Remor Not that there's anything wrong with that of course, no 115 Ots on the pool will make 1200 easy today How many games will the dolphins win this season who cares 334 you know what percent that is about 30 and a half percent say who the health cares? 135 people say they're one six hundred and twenty eight say they win five Screw the fish hundred and twenty five screw the fish you first Thank you. 118 say they'll win four 54 say they're one seven 43 people say they're one eight Which means they'd have to win seven or less 12 games and by the way You do a no with the plan next week, don't you Josh? No, where's that in the evening? Yeah, but you have the chances are dolphins were an act game I'm a scale of oh zero less than that 34 people said three 29 people said Super Bowl They must have seen the word bowl and then immediately rush to vote a premature valuation I hate this pool 22. Oh, I know the eruption in that chat. Let's see how long did that thing go on 725 until 8 what I'm doing here an hour 8 the 17 18 18 so 53 minutes and it was a little bit of a ruffster. I think water both went out to get a towel I hate this pool to 22 only 1.9 percent they like it 17 people said the dolphins will win nine 12 people said they're gonna win 10 games Which means they'd go nine three of course. They did win those last six last year, right? That could happen again. No, no Play off state and the eight people said they go into eleven games get the butterfly net round those bastards up even George knows better than that. So what are you doing the shower? Getting back to sports Roger Clemens and he petted and Miguel Tejada were among the players that a former Major League pitcher accused of using performance enhancing drugs According to a federal agent San Fe. David the LA Times reported Saturday on his website How come they didn't talk about Barry in here John your buddy theory do we Really there what do you mean they can't stop talking about Barry with that crap the agent for I is crap leave him alone Okay, leave a teo and Barry alone. I was slime balls the agent for Clemens and petted denied the accusations Baltimore teammates Brian Roberts Jake give his anti-hata Also when floccated in these swore statements at times said an Orioles spokesman said the team had seen him before it had no comment I wonder for a ffl pro-mero was with the orals when this was going on if it she was Emperor Ozan Rosanna Dana was going on about Rafi did this and Rafi such a great Yadia for a she a such a bitch in June federal agents search for the Vigetian grimacellis home in Arizona after the pitcher Been using human growth hormone steroids and amphedamines grimacellis later released by the diamond vases Better 50 games by majorly baseball hasn't played since then in a 20 paid search for an affidivit time by IRS special agent Jeff Something rather no Vitchkey the times you afforded these said grimacellis out in a five other players who had used drugs Those names were blocked out when the document was released The time set anonymous source with access to the document minus the cross out the news paper See it for kept the copy they let him must see it that's all the Mark 41 he wanted to see it It's time set a second source of an identified the other players provided additional details about the document According to the amphidavit the time said grimacellis told a investigators come in and put it used as letting performance enhancing drugs The amphidavit also relates grimacellis told said a religion said Robert's given the antihata took anabolic steroids You know it's close to say Tejati's supposed to do it like What's his name does? McCarver Tejata like he says or hey or hey post saada Like a real illiterate jack-ass dumb-ass jerk got a can't stand it Novinsky also has lead investigator in the Bay Area lamp cooperative probe two balku officials and very bonds personal trainer Greg Anderson served jail time After Goldie please net investigation. How come various bad ass ain't in the slamer even Josh agrees you ought to be Grimsly complained to friends the time said the federal agents attributed statements didn't they didn't make I'm told these denied say all of his Randy Henry's represents commons and pedatool the apc every night It's an avian's recollection about a conversation yet about conjecture I've grown aware of having to defend commons from in you ended when conjecture about every six months for the last several years when he's complied with all the rules and regulations and we're said Andy is just surprised and stundated and has no knowledge of any such activity Clemens and petted pitch for Houston the Astros one Atlanta on 30 and five four any interest in that Oh nobody cares about the Astros Tehana given in Roberts had left the clubhouse in Boston after Baltimore's five four victory center tonight when a AP report is off Come and but a beep that a boot put about all majorly fairs are tested at least twice a year for band drugs There's no test for HGH but it is banned by baseball HGH You been growth home. Yeah, I'm sure that very fun for me He's just he just got a little bit that grill cream and little dabble do me swears it He swears it where the moon don't try The biggest name So don't tell us if they says the orotrace force radio five sixties you a This is Mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8 This He's a flaming home That's what Michigan Redneck though Charlie This is a screaming movie Hey This is a proof Ask him if he'll say no just for proof they'll bring him voice down real long Charlie this is Who burn it for a week This is a For many men right over Wish he faint and think the girls will come what's made We've come that in his own first people out alive This is gay But for the season I just right winged with neck wrists and eyes so far It's the king gang chariote Night's a busy chain Charlie A screaming Far A real brand I missed that spot in last break and you didn't tell me Hey, you missed that spot Well, I'm not talking about you and you don't have a long Josh's got the long guy Bad I just you know you're gonna get a I need you to send you down the work. Always going to stop buying give you a spanking pretty so Why do you know so very well I see one of these on the long guys. You know one of those things I guess I could do it right now. Good night. That's what I'm talking about Well, I'm gonna do it right now. Experience the difference of Mercedes Benz a Pompano Mercedes Benz a Pompano is now under new ownership and new management too And Mercedes Benz a Pompano doesn't matter what time of month you buy your vehicle Whether it's the brand new 2007 E class They're full on the convertibles order humongous unbeatable selection certified for your own cars When you choose where city's Benz a Pompano you have over 200 employees They're keen in providing incomparable service for it too A complimentary loader vehicles and complimentary car washers Rouse the render respo with over 150 new and used vehicles or a click on Benz Pompano dot com Mercedes Benz a Pompano of an everyday Monday through Friday 9 to 8 Saturday 9 or 6 every Sunday noon to 5 Experience the difference call 1 800 new Benz You'll find them at i95 and copains row. That's 1 800 new Benz for Mercedes Benz of Pompano Mercedes Benz is like no other Oh man I'm gagger I think that was in the email too 111 pretty one boats on a pool man the doll fans are really down on the dump city press Like that Just like that Wait till your josegaki I can't wait to your human and mad dog in the power hour between 4 and 5 I don't have time for that I got to rush right out after the shungle by the bobwooder book But it's it's kind of interesting though that the first two books he wrote about bush at war were like ass-looking You know tributes in the cover us and now all of a sudden like he got religion suddenly all you want to sell books to everybody What is it? Another with some people along the lomestie too New scandal for miss Michael by the way did you see this? Nope. Pop star George Michael has been cautioned by police for carrying cannabis when found passed out in his car This is from sky news It's a second time in a month that the 43 year old music legends been found stunk over the wheel of his vehicle Michael was found by officers after worried motorist dialed 999 How do you like that? They don't do 911 more with it. They do Yeah, yeah, I in Britain I say to report his car was causing an obstruction of traffic lights in critical wood north London Scotland yard confirmed that police arrested the driver on suspicion being unfit to drive and from possession of what was believed to be cannabis cannabis Oh my god. It was taken to hospital before being cautioned for the drug offensive release on police bail pending further inquiries on his fitness to drive The rest raises fresh fears over the health of the singer who has just started a world tour His partner Kenny Goss told us on newspaper that Michael had nothing to say He said he's fine all we're fine and I've got him in McDonald's Michael was cautioned by police Michael was cautioned by police for possession of cannabis after being found in a similar state and high park corner in February At the time he should have stayed in claiming it was my own stupid fault is usual later penned a song inspired by the experience And April the former Wanda star was in the news again when he collided with street park cars during his north London hall He's got a little he's like Mark Foley and more ways than one, okay He's got a little problem Hey, he don't deny some of them Well, that's for sure not anymore See all you idiots out there that go on the internet some maggot man. It's a maggot magnet It's a good These chat rooms and god only knows who they may be even Tom Filer if they hurled or sitting there with his yellow trench coat on Intercepting your emails and reading him and transcribing him and get ready for the front page of tomorrow's edition Wait to hear this Package Danny rule in Mumbai attacks remember we talked about how bombay is now Mumbai. Yes, I see Once again, it says this is from a prison planet once again a government's intelligence agencies revealed to be behind terror attacks and it control the Islamist the ISI is basically an extension of the CIA and the Middle East Package stands intelligence agency was behind the train blast in Mumbai in July the co-186 people in the police say the attacks were planned by the ISI carried out by the Islamist militant group Laksha are e-toy above based in Pakistan Mumbai's police chief be saying hey and Roy said the students to Islamic movement Vindian also assisted Pakistan rejected the allegations and said India give no evidence of Pakistan involvement in the attacks. We have solved the July-Lid and bomb in case the whole attack was planned by Pakistan's ISI and carried out by Laksha are e-toy by the operative of India bombay police commissioner a and Roy told a news conference actually it says here Mumbai and then in parentheses bombay Okay, Mr Roy said 15 people have been arrested at some of the bombers have received training in Pakistan Pakistan's minister of state for information rejected the allegations he told the BBC we're still studying the Indian statement Needless to say this is once again a basic allegation it another pretend by attitude to malign Pakistan Orobley I'm just drop a man they all got the news just to start a big conflagration over there UNA bombak Rande Pakistan denied any involvement in the blast and Laksha are e-toy but condemned the attacks India postponed toss with Pakistan after the bombs but Indian Prime Minister Singh and Pakistan and perfect Misharraf Mertwishli and Cuba or the Senate agreed to resume talks The Indians in the Pakeys baby the north and the South Koreans the Irish and the Catalyst in India in Ireland We're gonna hold is Ireland the senior wasn't Ireland in the England in that movie I got a right here you don't have a copy I sold it is sold the first name is sold I don't have a bit of a few bucks on that Let me 145 yeah all I think is probably the word after all he is 28 you know to old from his folio I guess Dino discovery this is from the California Academy of Sciences publication science now which I'm sure you read religiously everyday coverage ever pillow to post Science has seen the softest side of tyrannosaurus Rex obvi she got little T-rex there and at the thing That's empty Rex yeah, when paleontology is find fossilized dinosaur bones during a dig the easily do everything in a hard protect him Oh, not that kind using tools like toothbrushes to carefully unearth the bones below and select the any damage I ever when scientists thought immancip to to run a source Rex thigh bone and he were more region of months I'm 10 a few months ago. It were forced to break the boat into order to fit into the transport helicopter The second necessity would be a startling surprise startling soft tissue that it seemingly resisted fossilization stores as an inside the bone This time I'm waiting here bad to the bone this tissue including blood vessels bone cells and perhaps even blood cells was so well preserved That it was still stretchy and flexible. That's what that kid told Mark Foley too He said it's still stretchy and flexible a skinny electron microscope revealed that the dinosaur blood vessels which are 70 million years old Our virtually identical to those recovered from out of ostrich bones the ostrich is today's largest bird and many paleontologists believe that the birds are living the sedence of dinosaurs Asteris Ostrich Scientists may be able to confirm this evolutionary relationship if they can isolate certain proteins from the recently discovered T-Rex tissue These proteins could also have some other puzzle where the dinosaurs were cold blooded like other reptiles are warm blooded like mammals Is this discovery of soft dinosaur tissue mean that scientists will soon be able to clone a dinosaur's Rex Probably not more scientists believe that DNA cannot survive for 70 million years then again before this discovery More scientists believe that soft tissue couldn't survive for 70 million years either surprised it did soft tissue, baby Yeah What about the heart? What are Mark Foley things about that? No comment. Salt let's all you know now It's all you know you want me to go back and re-read it and yeah parts that I left now It's up to more it's high comedy and about to pull it out Uh-huh, let's talk about Let's see number three and almost number two and another hour it's going to be number one on our head parade on the website Mark Foley instant message chance with congressional page They want to read a man. It's an intellectual thing. No, it's just like that movie the dream was it was intellectual Oh, yeah That's right the pot was so soft. It just brought like nudity in there. I did wow, so did I But the real suit of intellectuals out there. They were watching it to get the brutal chief feel man. It wanted a feeling. I was That's what it was all about and wanted to understand a metaphorical whatever it was it just amazingly how can sit and watch him movie and didn't just make all of all of the the director and the writer They had this in mind. Yeah, right how do you know that's the criteria for suits if you can't tell what the plot is then it's brilliant Genius and it's not that factory or yeah, we didn't have any plot The investment I mean it was a was ingenious there. Like the fact that the brother and the sister were like insist is best There was a lost dangerous relationship going on there and of course they were twins So that there's another aspect to it. There's another answer. There is another answer. There was a lot of ants in that movie. What's her aspect? With ice Make the yeah make this swelling go down on an ice hole I'll tell you one thing. There's sure not not a lot of optimism about those dolphins although six continues to be the top number 141 people including me so they're gonna win six just try to be generous. Okay, but I want to kick them while they're down after I have been lost to a little girls team The Houston Texans my ass what a joke what it is grace what an embarrassment What a great opportunity for the sports nerds just sees on all week long The next day of the era coming to a close very very soon after the pig hits kick there sorry as next week I'm going to wait, but what do you think's gonna happen? Anyone he starts to season one and full think this is gonna be smell and super bowl It's something they're gonna be smell and something baby, and it's gonna be in the bowl too And they look like women Oh no nothing Ah Oh, brother, all that love I don't understand. And you can eat from a truffles with him both in. Just take that picture made of writing small. You just take clicking it for your heart. And it's straight to your flat ass out. You're gonna pull up into a boat out of your mouth. That's right. But you're back to tackle your own voice. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm back with that. You're back back. Pulling your mouth right from the mouth. No, no, no. This is what we say. You're back to sack. Pull your mouth right from the boat. Pull your mouth right from the boat. Pull your mouth right from the boat. Pull your mouth right from the boat. Pull your mouth right from the boat. Pull your mouth right from the boat. Yes, you're gonna have to go. I know what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to do this. Well, look at that. Multiple people are shot at Army School in Pennsylvania. Even the Army's world broad dog guns. Yeah. All the school shootings all the time. As I say in Ethiopia, Zion America, let's see if it was an homage person doing the shooting. They're not supposed to have guns. Right. And they went to school either. Oh, school. Multiple people shot at Army School in Pennsylvania. Sports. No, no, no, no. They go to cities. This again at an Army School in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. There are two schools near the scene of the shooting. We haven't been able to pinpoint the exact school. Once again, this is the screen. There's a one room schoolhouse. There may even be a hostage situation unfolding right now. We will continue to follow the lead. We don't know. I'll pay Tony. Good loss. You idiot. Sexstein is used to getting around the world of great style of Charlie Holmes for wealthy clients. This means that this is in the British independent, by the way. This means the hip architect is familiar with irritations of height in the Airlines security post 9.11. But not even he could have imagined being mistaken for an Islamic terrorist and physically pinned to a seat while aboard an American Airlines flight, especially as he has Jewish origins. Oh, how do you like it? Wow. What's a difference? Yet this is what happened when he traveled back from business trip to the Croixon Kicos Islands by New York on May 22. Still traumatized by his ordeal, the 47 year old is curious that the airline failed to protect him from the gun hollaxians of the help of Zellus Passinger who claimed to be a police officer. He's now instructed a team of top U.S. lawyers to act for him. The London-based interiors guru whose clients have included Peter Mandelson and the husband of wife design team, Susan Clemens and Ignacio Rubiro, or Barrow, said he felt compelled to speak out to protect other innocent travelers from a similar experience. And he liked that. This man could have garrered at me and what was awful was that one or two of the past years went up afterward to thank him, said Mr. Stein. He has since been told by airline staff, he was targeted because he was using an iPod, had used the toilet when he got on the plane and that his deep tan made him look like he was in Arab long convinced. I was terrified but I'm lucky that I was able to contact the lawyer. He said, if someone else who's not assertive could be let completely traumatized, that's traumatized with an S because it's British. See what Susan's stupid fact. He says, could you please give out Mark Foli's email address? Wow. I'm a 16 year old high school student in Miami. I am a bottom cut and a Cuban descent. Nice to have advanced sector. Yeah. What did you want, Mark? Yeah. Mark will be right over Hector. Okay. He'll bring a towel. Yeah. He'll bring a towel made of some very interesting material. You'll say, can that be felt? Can I get back to my story here about this Porsche Leper on the plane? All right. I was terrified but I'm fortunate that I was able to contact the lawyer. He said, the incident highlights the increased likelihood of innocent pastures being picked on because they're perceived as suspicious or foreign looking, especially following the case of the truck of law per mile airlines would look what explosives. Earlier this month of plane from London, the Washington D.C. made an emergency landing is squirted by fighters. After pastures alerted accrue the behavior of a female traveler later, Merchiet suffered a panic attack. How about that guy that laid down in the out-of-the-all and ported glass of water on his head? And then started shfritzing stuff on a jockey. Remember that? Oh, he has last decided to slice a week. In Mr. Stein's case, he was pound-stone as the crew and other travelers were done. The drama unfolded less than an hour into the flight. All settled down with a book in a ginger rail. The father-three was grabbed from behind and held in the headlock. The guy just told me his name was Michael Wilk that he was with the New York Police Department that I've been acting suspiciously and I should stay calm. I could barely find my voice because I couldn't believe what was happening. Mr. Stein. He went into my pocket, took out my passport and my iPod. All the other passengers were looking concerned. Eventually, a cabin crew was playing the captain and run a security check on Mr. Stein after being alerted by the police that this had cleared him. In other words, when they did the security check-out, the passenger of an estacle back to a C.P. for you to restrain Mr. Stein. When the plane arrived in New York, Stein was met by apologetic police officers who offered to fast-track him out of the airport before he could get a hold of his alarm file a quick suit right. Mr. Stein said, the other passengers looked at me and said, what did you do? It was so humiliating. In the fact that the police officer was something, I don't know. This is chopped off again on the right hand. I think I did very well as far as I went. I'm not sure. I see you. I just got into rough the night, just dropped my towel. Did mom came in the room? Oh, what did she know about computers? 1181 votes will have $1200. We're going to do 13 today, baby. Lucky 13. Lucky 13. Now, Danny's got anything left in the tank. What do you say, Josh? Bring him back? Hey, couldn't be any different. Couldn't be any worse, man. A lot of people used to call him a statue because he was rather immobile. He'd get rid of the ball instead of getting sacked though. Mm-hmm. They should have tried to stretch the liberty play. They got the statue part down to a science. Nice going, Danny. He continues to be undonned and spite of the fact that they keep losing and losing and mistaken to join out, man, they stink. Wow. But you know what's going to happen next? You're going to have Ricky back. So an article about Ricky and the Pippa did that he can't understand his blasÃ© and his whoop and he just doesn't give a crap. That was the essence of the article about the argos. You know, Ricky's claim for the Toronto argos. You didn't know that. Yeah, he was. But what do he mean he was? Oh, is that for a season's over now? I don't know. You tell me, you know, you know, you know, you know, you got to be kidding me. And I got hockey season coming up on Wednesday. We got hockey, baby. You better get your party straight now. Back to the goal. Finally, his angle heart. Find a settle things down. Or the bathtub's so in one way here tonight. If you said 19 socks in the fourth place, it's decided it's now about 11 in the second. The leaps have had just two. Yeah, well, he's stink. We're going to tell you hockey season starts Wednesday, okay? And the panthers season starts Friday. Panthers in the Bruins, baby, we'll have guilty right on the air. Doing a hell of a job. You're doing a guilty. That guilty is going to be on tomorrow night between seven and 10, including the Florida Panthers. Preseason's special between eight and nine of our night right here on QAM. You want to know why? Why? Because tomorrow in seasons over we got a more, more, more marbling and cystic on it. A lot of time. So now we got like linen and curtis tonight. We got guilty tomorrow on. Beast and Jesse on Wednesday. Wow. Got a lot of time to be to fill in. You know what I'm saying? What he said? Your orthodox station man. We're laying to fill in on your himkipper no less. And by the way, you orthodox out there. What don't you do? Listen to me. You're going to burn in hell. Turn off that radio. How about this thing with the omnis? Wouldn't that be something if the kid was omnis? Well, if it was at an older school, I'm at. Oh, you know that. Tom Foley. I'm talking about pencilvania. Lancaster County, the most of all shooting. That's what Tom Foley wanted to see. Want to see from shootin. Go on on. No gun necessary. 1185. Well, we got, I'm telling you. We got votes up the old, uh, shoot. Speaking of a Lancaster County. School shootings every day in the public is like, ah, I do. You've had a good kid with guns. Got a story about crispy cream. This is so perfect, man. The police in Boint and Beach got to do the break first. Police in Boint and Beach are like, we're running out of room. They had congested police headquarters. So they open up a new extension of the headquarters and a donut shop. Perfect. And I perfect. Crispy cream, which you noticed, uh, popular in that was for a while. I'm still people realized that all of a sudden they were like dying from all that. They've really concentrated sugar, sugar, and dough. Or maybe they realized that the donuts was better. Ooh. Oh, look. Oh, man. I'm giving Mark's Holy Your Home Number and Your Email to Dr. Editing. The biggest name, so best challenge to hear us. The real Roger S. For Shreddy O. 560, you ain't him. Everybody knows one of the hippest things to do these days is to open a restaurant slash meat indoor theme park in the heart of Manhattan. That's why the high power quotes that the National Rifle Association are pleased to announce Cafe NRA. At Cafe NRA, every food item is unique. That's because our chefs always cook your food over in open fire. And speaking of food at Cafe NRA, you'll find only the finest delicious meats. Welcome to Cafe NRA. He liked to try our deal of the day you mean, touch of the day. No, my appeal at. But Cafe NRA is about more than just food. It's about guns and fun, for instance, while you're dining, he sure to play a quick game of finding the pros hairs in your soup. Find them and get a free flip of ammo for the automatic of your children. And for or after dinner, you'll find it's fun to get loaded in our barn, where every drink is served in shot glasses. And for those of you who want to enjoy the fun of shooting something yourself, Cafe NRA offers some of the most realistic shooting games you've ever seen. Place up shooting favorites as I didn't know the gun was loaded. I thought Grandpa was a burglar and but officer. The guy cut me off in prayer. Cafe NRA. We're blowing the competition away. I'll see if we've got to lock down in North of Vegas at some school there. Two schools. The multiple people shot an office school in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Just another day in Paradise, man. Crazy people with guns. Good work gun. Stuff like that. Point and beach, Major Jerry Tender admits the place he's found a house police officer. He's a work out of the congested police headquarters. Well, listen, chuckles. Not big like, you know, gophas. Not belly last, but chuckles. I think we left that off when we did our candy pull. Chuckles. How could we do that? Remember chuckles? Sounds like a doover. Yeah. Do they still make them? I don't know. They were like silver wrapper and like square. Right? They were like, yeah. Tunky squares. But good humored police are ready to brace themselves for the batch of jokes. In fact, very amount, they say. Bring on the crispy creams. I can't believe you actually said that don't condom. That's his better. That's a drach set. That's what I'm saying. I can't believe he said that. Can you? Yeah. I noticed that you said that crispy creams come disappear and don't get donuts. Not so much. Yeah, because crispy cream you can't eat only three. You're a detective and a kid blow up like a balloon and they make you sick of your stomach because they're just pure sugar. As opposed to Dunkin' Known as a few, one you say, okay, that's enough. Pass them around to somebody else. Taylor says the former crispy cream donut chip on Voighten Beach Boulevard just west of I-95 can be a perfect place for police substation. He's proposing leasing space that will relieve the cramp police station during two days to mission meeting tomorrow. There's really no room to turn around. People work in the type of environment you put them in. Taylor said that the current 18,000 plus square foot location. It's not conducive to good performance if you cramp people in like star deans. Oh, what kind of people eat star deans by the way out of a can? Oh, I like that. Ooh. The big ones in tomato sauce. Oh, the crispy cream side is spaces has plenty of parking. He said that donuts shop which opened August of 2003, flopped it and that remains vacant up for lease. At the police station, it tends to sit at the all finger pretty must be done in a hallways that are crowded with filing cabinets and other office supplies. Recently a team of 18 traffic unit office has worked out of a 400 square foot room with moldy carpets. They moved out for 12 offices and sergeants in the community action team or did a move in. After a few months to donuts, Oxford will be happy to occupy the crispy cream place that made your Frank Burgundy. Yeah, I mean, what happened to anybody? It makes jokes about cops and donuts, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. Right? No doubt. What anybody do that? What's this fast you just sent here? A half of a four-page fact that somebody sent it to sent it to send it to me. Oh my god. But it's about our friends. Our friends? It says the law of unintended and unexpected consequences about the sweep across Florida politics like a category five hurricane. At the beginning of last week, the question of which Florida Republican was gay, gay. Did not involve US representative Mark Foley, rather interest the so-called Cuban and Turl candidate Charlie Christ, who put the Goobr in Gubernatorial. Both mainstream media, the Harold and the alternative media were landed weekly and alluded to a 2005 controversy in which Chris was as point-blank if he was gay responded no and later called a radio talk show to deny being a homosexual. Chris stated, no man, no I love women. I mean they're wonderful. But no woman has been visible in Chris life for decades. He's a nine-five ring a child by an emotionally disturbed woman in a Mr. Good Bar and countering the 90s. Then the Foley firestorm ensued. But Foley is now yesterday's news temporarily at least. He's resigned on his seclusion is probably on his way to prison. But he's on his way to rehab. Sorry is now. Charlie Christ, however, still a candidate facing a formidable democratic party challenger, Rye, somebody that nobody ever heard of. What's his name, butch-vives, Jim Davis. Chris may have expected that's a gay issue and has allowed along with the electoral prospects of his primary challenger Tom Gallagher. In the presarch list of faith Foley gate is not like to the focus. Rye fear sharp attention. Rye fear. On Chris, peculiar lifestyle and in particular, on the absence of any significant female figure in his life, mom doesn't count. Oh. Chris was brutally married decades ago. Today this former wife has never been quoted or even identified. I expect Florida media will be making massive efforts to locate the former spouse and oppose the question. Did you divorce Charlie after seven months of marriage because you discovered he was gay? I think he was the end of your seven month marriage. As I indicated in my earlier column, whose column is this? Bob Hoffman, political gateway? Have you ever heard of these in this guy or this thing? Nope. As I indicated in my earlier column on Foley gate, I knew Mark Foley well in the 90s Mark often had female arm candy on display. Chris is peculiar and that he's not, well, I've got that interesting because anybody who's supposed to know anything about Florida politics, anybody for years is known that Mark Foley is gay. You know, but I haven't read Bob didn't know that. Chris is peculiar and that he's not even got to be extended by managing a Foley style female companion of beard. In the wake of the explosive and embarrassing impact of Foley's resignation, our Florida voters more or less likely to support another Republican with a blind slate on human relationships. The answer is obvious and apodictic. What is that? Apodictic? Never heard of that. You better Google it. A simple Google search reflex to a Chris sexuality has been a matter of intense concern for both the right and the left. The right scoops moreover who were burned when Foley's sexuality inversingly more from homosexuality and a pedophilia may take preemptive action to force Chris tend to what another Foley surprise. How do you like that? So how do you spell that word? Apodictic. APO, DIC, TIC. Get never heard of it. It makes me apoplectic when I see apodictic. I don't have any clue what they're capable of demonstrating. The answer is obvious and capable of demonstration. Apodictic. I'll be there. Well, I don't know who that bob hoppin is but he sure likes you some big words. Charlie Chris got a 21 point lead. You think that's going to be a bit of a beer because he's a, I don't think so. I mean, everybody in the state knows it. And of course the people on the right. They just ignore it. They're in denial. Oh, a multiple people killed an Amma school shooting. Yeah, I am learning here that a corny associated press at the point. Corporal Russell J. Becker is dealing with the situation on the ground saying that the shooter is on the dead. This is Nicolman, Pennsylvania state's Amma country. As we've been talking about, but the shooter himself apparently at this point, confirmed by the associated press, is one of the people along those dead in this situation. That's probably what happened is they got in contact with a TV set. Now am I right? The Amma insurance supposed to be watching no TV. That is correct. Yeah. Well, some of those bearded goofballs haven't only got a hold of TV somewhere. And they saw all of that. They're shooting people in school. I know who might have been more like everybody else. Let's start assuming it was an Amma's person doing the shooting. I don't have any idea. Alright. I was okay. I'm just trying to make a little bit lighter with the situation. Even though it's a horrendous thing. And it's sick and disgusting, but it's the American, if and way. Because more important than not having TV's are not supposed to have any guns either. The Amma is going to have guns? Correct. Well, maybe they just don't know what to do when they got them. Amma's gone wild, you know? We'll see. We'll follow it. We'll be all over it with a blanket or a towel anyway. I mean, other than for hunt and that is. I said, 533 vote. All for a hunt and I see. Well, it's good thing you can't kill people that I'm shotguns. Amma? There you can. How much if we go to our stats thing here if I do it? That thing about Mark Folley and I was, I got another thing about Mark Folley. Who built his career as a protector of children. Pippocrite. Here it is. It's number one with a bullet. Mark Folley, instant message, chance with congressional pages. Number one in the reads on our website. Came from nowhere. Came from, oh, came from not even being on there this morning. What time do we put that on there? About like 10 30 thereabouts? Thereabouts. In just over two hours if past all the others like they were standing still even. How Mark Folley represents great human fox news. It even passed that fire couple of reads. The biggest name. One of my last words. The biggest is the O'Rotchkers. For Shwedeel 570. Solid. And. Thank you. I show what I'm a shin the city. What does thing call electric city? L-A, where are talking muggy? Ain't no place for a heart than buggy? They might go on a bend or wear a big hat and funny sister. There's. The backbone, many different worlds. No form, so you can't call girls. Come on, come on and raise that barn. They can't swear, they can't just say, Don't do me a-s. If you miss this, if you leave these kids, They can't say the same because they're honest. In the city. Because they're honest. In the city. No more. Keep knowing the mud. They can use supers instead of buttons. First time seeing a computer. Going for lunch at a place called Luters. Far, far, never heard street knot. And it's the first time they ever see the home boy. So back home is a different thing. Don't ask too, without daily rings. Come on, come on and feel no guilt. When you get home, you can fix that skill L-A. The place is so pretty if they stay. How will they survive when they're honest? In the city. When they're honest. In the city. Anyway, they were just talking about the omission about how they have a plundable numbers of guns because they're hunters. So I just said, well, this very, I want you to sit at that. If you covered your ass after every Sunday, you can't just post that guns. Yes. I've got to make you the number of people at one room, at one room, on a schoolhouse, to the impenetal ladies, Lancaster County in Nicolnmines, Pennsylvania. The shooter is among the dead. There are a number of people that the exact number they don't know yet. They're still counted above. I like that. And Josh's body may be strewn among the litter because this fact is pretty peeled with you. It says, Josh is nuts. What? Josh is nuts. Okay. How can anyone say, Duncan Donuts are better than crispy cream donuts? His taste must be in his tuish. Asked off, he probably give you a little low round on that. Duncan Donuts does have the best coffee, but their donuts are average and best. It says here. Well, I'll tell you one thing, they're sure better than humans. What Duncan Donuts has is a variety of stuff. Like those croissants, which isn't what not. Yeah. What's that kind of dude? Donuts? All I know is the only donut that I can all know. I don't know how to use the glaze donut at a crispy cream. That's it. I can't even eat any other donuts. I don't know how to use the flavors. They do. What's the point? I've made a crispy cream in so long. I can't even remember. I know that I had to have three, though. If I ate one, I would eat three. That's nuts. Well, how many would you eat? The rack. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. So, yeah, we know that we've heard about that. We've heard those stories. Like you in the rack. Anyway, who we get back to important stuff like Mark Foltag and we've heard about a hundred stories on him now here. We're probably on her. We're probably in Congressmen and we signed Friday following the discovery of sex, and by the way, it's number one on our hit parade. Aren't you proud? It's already reached the top. I know it would be. The Republican Congressmen and we signed following the discovery of sex, or like explicit internet messages. He sent to teenage boys with a rigorous and charismatic lawmaker who built his political career in large measure of legislative proposals meant to halt the sexual predation of children and others. Beginning with his 90s, he sponsored Shabab of a measure in the Florida State Legislature to seize the cars of men who solicited prostitutes, former restaurant owner and real estate agent Mark Foltag, we've pedally attracted a flattering political spotlight by surveying against those involved in sexual crimes and presenting himself as a protector of a exploited children. Well, more, you know, there was if he stops other people from doing it, maybe there's more for him. More for me. A well-like member of the class of Conservatives elected the Congress in 94 fully wasn't till two days ago that be the whip for the House of Republicans in Coach Emeraldy Congressional Missing and Exploded Children's Caucus, a website for the bipartisan group states that it was formed a creative voice within Congress on that issue and it will operate a hotline for tips about online sexual exploitation that could be passed along for us in agencies. At a White House rose garden ceremony on July 27, President Bush hailed fully and some other house and sent lawmakers his member of a SWAT team for kids. Bush spoke while signing in a law broad-traum protection measures that include a fully-sponsored provision requiring sex offenders to register in every state where they live, work or attend school. I don't like that. Always trying to like it that he'd get to spot that out for themselves. All these closet people. Speaker of that John Nichols writes on TomPain.com. He says, Mark Foltag is sexuality was never much of a secret to those who served with him in the house. The New York Times had every major newspaper in Florida been writing articles on the Congressmen's agonizingly inept attempts to remain closet for years. Indeed, it was the embarrassing manner which he had attempted to cloak his sexuality and prevented fully from securing his party's nomination for the US Senate in 2004. And again, this year. Traditionally, as a Florida Republican fully felt that if he wanted to remain a political player, he needed to live a lie. He wanted to be a player all right. He was probably wrong. Republicans who've come out of the closet such as Retabringers on a congressman Jim Kohlbe have often trapped politically. Ultimately, gay men and lesbians have been elected and reelected the House of Democrats and Republicans. And fully, who's relatively moderate voting record could have appealed to both mainstream Republicans and Democrats. And I will have broken in the very end of the Senate. But fully didn't trust Florida Republican voters to were sipped him for who he was. So this otherwise personal and capable congressman engages in increasingly challenging and ultimately unsuccessful attempt to hide a huge part of his identity. The pressures imposed by such secrecy and period of been too much for a fully unlike the vast majority of homosexuals who has a group are less likely to be affected and children and the heterosexuals. The congressman began to engage in activities that were inappropriate and potentially illegal and absolutely unacceptable. Details that a surface in recent days, since yesterday, fully had made a mess of his life, a mess that exploded on him and his party when it was revealed that the co-chair of the congressional caucus for missing and exploited children had sent to I make you a little horny email to teenage boys. Folies Republican colleagues who are champions when it comes to shooting the wounded immediately began crashing him. This type of behaviors, what I try to protect my grandchildren from snarrow, say Shaw, the GOP representative from neighboring Florida House District, House Speaker Denny has stood fat as Denny, House Majority Leader John Vayner and House Majority whip word blunt into the statement condemning Folies behavior as an obscene breach of trust. His immediate resignation was not be followed by the full way of the criminal justice system, has stood bone, a banner, and one set of Folie. Watch it. Fair enough, but what do these Republican leaders think about those who knew about Folies under interest in male pages covered up the fact for months for perhaps years and in light about what they knew. Should they too face the full way of the criminal justice system? When the news of Folie's email broke in the media has to declare, I was surprised. Really, that strange congressman Tom Reddles, who shares the Republican congressional campaign committee, revealed on Saturday that the informed has stood months ago about concerns regarding Folies have it ascending, sexually suggestive, stripped down and get naked emails, and instant messages to male congressional pages. Stripped down and get naked. Congressman Rodney Alexander, the Louisiana Republican of Ruffies concerns to the attention party leaders after learning about Folies' emails from the family of a former page in 2005, as confirmed that his office contacted Hastings office regarding the matter, additionally Alexander first laid the desk of the issue with Reynolds and Banner. Another Republican would close ties to the House leadership and will represent a John Schimckis, and myths that he investigated the email issue in 2005, apparently after was reviewed by Hastings office, and the office of the clerk of the House, and says he wanted fully to break off contact with a particular teenager, and in a more general sense to stop stalking male pages, the Nishimckis dropped the matter to the parent satisfaction of Hastings, Banner, Blood Reynolds and other House Republican leaders. Stop stalking male pages. Some readers may be surprised that these top Republicans who go on and on about the need to fend off supposed to treets, posed by loving and responsible gangless being couples, would be so accepting of folie. The truth is that the hands-off approach to this old scandal is entirely in character for the current proper Republican leaders who couldn't hear less about the sexuality of members of their caucus. The only employee, more of values, appeals to scare a voter's election time, it's never been something they believed in. Hastings can take to his care only about running elections and keeping power, even when that involves looking the other way after concerns of in raised about what good any Americans see as the stalking of children. Then he has to, and the other Republicans, we're not surprised to learn less about the market flow you'd actually inappropriately with male pages. They knew all about folie's emails and all these is raised by those communications. Hastings is colleagues have been caught in a lie and it's a big one. What's the proper response? Hastings are a banger and blood of gutter right idea. Those who knew about folie's actions and failed to respond in any kind of serious manner are guilty of an obscene breach of trust since they control the machinery of the House Ethics Committee. It's thoughtful that Hastings and his colleagues will face a serious investigation, let alone the full way to the criminal justice system. But this is an election year in political campaigns can also extract the measure of justice. Hastings and banger are scheduled 10 fundraising events on behalf of in battle Pennsylvania Republican Congressman Don sure wouldn't come in weeks. Sure what's democratic challenge your Chris Carney, a Lieutenant Commander in the US Navy Reserve who served as a senior adviser on intelligence and counterterrorism issues at the Pentagon is asked to be Republican Congressman to cancel the events. Holding happy our fund raises with people who cover up these several modest states of children should be below even the questionable morals of Don sure would explain Carney campaign manager Andrew Elridge Martin. Sure what you immediately cancel is upcoming fund raises with Hastings banger. Don sure what is already brought Washington's values back to the district. Now he wants to bring you to pray to cover up home. Ouch. There's a new twist on the old Republican to feel the value of soldiers that Hastings wasn't coming up. Yeah. Yeah. These are the family values people just like those Amish. Think of clothes and courage humility and separation. Of course it's not like it was in the buggy zone. It's like a costume but you really do need to be separated from the rest of the world. And again as you mentioned they don't use the language. It's an homage. When ever we're covering stories there when I work in Philadelphia, you really can't get them on the phone a lot of you have to go and actually knock on their door to talk to them to find out about problems. Phone. What does that be that a connection to the labor society would be interpreted in the thinking of a big link of like, oh you mean like common sense? The biggest thing you've seen so much, challenge this is the eroticist. Which we like to like yourself like, yeah, you A. You guys hate people that use snappy all-banner for their show segments like that. One to two hours. There's a night. It's pops. In Pennsylvania Dutch country. I'm not sure if you're going to do what you're going to do when the carriage comes for you. Hello there, Jeff. Hello, I'm Thomas. As a guy. See, what brings you up to my humble boat. Well, we got some reports of some Boston interview in these airpods. Yes, there's a guy. My shame to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of an ankle. That no good hussie. Yeah, I'm got me. Good mind. I put her in the stars and give a 40-lashes soon. Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to know about the cow. Yep. Women. There are the reason we're all going to hill. Well, I got to get back to plown fields. Okay, then. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn, raise and there's a guy. I'm his top-scommon, which you're going to do. What you're going to do when they shout for you. That's tonight. Oh, guess what's the number one brand selling doughnuts in the US, Josh? What's that? Don't scream. I got her right here. I googled it. I got her right here. They make the best ways of the doughnuts. How come I don't see a dunk in doughnuts here at all? Because you got some false article there, where... I got news for a man. This is the AI being an international doughnut statistics and trends. Yeah, well, AI is a move over doughnuts. Fresh bagels and English muffins are back. That's from baking management September 25 issue. It's probably from like 2000. The bagel and English muffin markets have increased as the doughnut market has begun to shrink. It includes statistical data on sales of doughnuts, bagels, English muffins, other fresh baked goods. With three tables with sales figures for fresh baked root products, frozen baked root products, any audio de audio. I don't see a no dunk in on here. Crispy cream. Now what's all this is for the 52 week period in the June 22, 2003. So it's old stuff. What I said. You said it's probably from 2000. Well, I, you know, I was figure. Crispy cream was number one. Intimence was number two. Private label was third. Hostess. Dolly Madison little Debbie. Marita. Fryhofer. Tasty cake. And Mets. Tasty cake. My ass. They're supposed to be a flyer's game. It's probably everybody but Duncan Donuts. It's like a monopoly. What, what does that mean? Like, they're just better than everybody else? I'm going to see anything about dunking doughnuts on here with all. Wait a minute. Top retailer has mentioned included crispy cream, dunking doughnuts, daylight doughnuts, Lamar's doughnuts. Winchles doughnuts. Winchles doughnuts. Cousins, cousin's dozen. Donut connection. And Tim Horton's. Hey. Tim Horton's got doughnuts now. I don't know. This is, this, this goes on for about 100 pages. I'm wasted a lot of my paper with this trying to prove a point. And I don't even know what that look point is. I mean, it's just a taste test. Anybody who's got taste buds knows that crispy cream is far and away the best. That's good. They put more sugar on it. Oh, man. So, okay. Oh, your butter goes up to like it. And just the meat goes chilled. So it's making all kinds of beeping sounds. And like, I'll kind of, I'm just going to take a three or four of those crispy creams. Contrary to van and hoogal rides, there's still a hot kid about that. I'm a shooting in Pennsylvania. Believe it conforming with the rest of the world. They don't believe in being part of the rest of the world. At least, uh, so horses, but I want to live in the stone age and they're entitled to an easily earned violin. They usually don't believe we're running around killing people. And when the power goes out, they don't notice. And this guy who came in his name was, ROOH! Yeah. Stir shooting people and including himself. I don't know whether he got shot. Treat children taking a one hospital. I don't remember to another. They shouldn't go on Jack Lewis with Pennsylvania. And then you're going to see him. You know, I think back in the last few years there was another reason. And Pennsylvania was a young man, uh, was dating a girl three or four years younger than him. And, uh, the parents said that he could go on with date her and he brought guns into the house in the shot and killed both of these girls' parents. I mean, these incidents are faced by a young person. In this case, by someone older, I mean, we don't have the ability to psychologically to accurately forecast the big challenge. And indeed, that's when the kids should go on with their family. Very well. It was in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. And where this incident everybody is watching on, the green line. It's gone on, and the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the green line. And the blue line. And the green line. And Fano. And the green line. And the green line. So, the green line. based on Lincoln's record, but when one considers Kellogg Brown and Ruth Blackwater, Custer Battles, Debtel and others, one can't be too terribly optimistic about the outcome of any appeal. Tink is also noticed that one day after the State Department pulled revealed that the Iraqi people won U.S. forces to withdraw immediately and would feel safer if they did. The military now aims to hire a private firm to conduct polling and focus groups in Iraq to assess the effectiveness of operations in the Israeli to gaining and maintaining popular support. Once again, the Motor Software and I have this administration is perfectly clear. If you don't like the news delivered in this case by the State Department, contract has to hire a gun or a dummy. And if you don't like the news reported by Iraqis, hire the Lincoln group. And if you don't like the twisted thinking of this sick bunch, hope democratic November is the only way we will achieve any oversight of this continuing debacle in Iraq. So there's Katrina. There are their jobs for the day. I'm not saying that. You're going to rock them. As opposed to case is when we have a tragedy involving the officers in the United States. I'm here, they all. I wouldn't be surprised within another 30 minutes is more work spread about. I'm proud of man. If we don't see hundreds of honest people here. You know, there is a wonderful support in fact, stay with us, Fred. I want to bring in West Newswanger with the men in the United States. Newswanker, what else at all about? What is it going to really ask for it in the day? What's bad enough of those marks fully things that you forced me to read on here? Got any more? I got a whole bunch of money. I got to read it. Let them look on our website. OK, Eric, I'll make a fortune today. We'll have 80 million hits on the website. Eric might make about 30 cent. Maybe about quarter. Let's take a look and see which story they're all over Lexington, Greg. Mark, fully interested in message, chat with congressional pages, number one, and zooming away from the rest. Pulling away from the pack, like it's on fire. Whether or not that towel. Christopher Edwards writes in the Smurking, chimpanzee, media, America's Achilles heel. Oh, brother, the freaking media, you know? The media can stick and you stop badly. And how did they rally together at this point? We can see a lot of them. There's the proof. There's a little good piece of proof right there. Christopher Edwards writes a toilet paper company that put Bill Arale's face on every square of its product would make millions. Remember journalists? They were our unofficial fourth branch of government and the country has monster sizes hours. We need to vent policing and government. Journalists more or less said it like it is and more or less kept us in touch with reality. And let's not patronize them more or less. Hey, if you compare those news professionals to the fascist bavours on Fox news, etc, it looked like veritable nights from Camelot. How did this happen? How did we lose our? This is what really happening in American people? Yes, we have a few heroes out there and Godspeed with them, but they're so pretty outnumbered. Basically, it's from God's mouth, bushes mouth, and 95% of the American media. Alas and other variables in this are the people who watched the Nazi-like propaganda with glazed eyes. Kind of like glazed donuts. Let's face it propaganda were spest on ding bets and is our formerly literate country slides deeper and deeper in, doveville, we keep acquiring an ever-widening glutter-roach to putty. This isn't happening in any other advanced technological country. This statistics make this clear. This is what becoming fat physically, where becoming fat intellectual and culturally, most young people think that being able to work up information on the internet is the same thing as being educated. Dear God, being educated is not having to look information up on the internet, so this electronic generation of teens is just more intellectual fat. The methodology between the fascist media and the fatheads and the fatheads, and the fatheads, profoundly cripples our constitutional government, which necessitates a literal rational and factual communication. That is what our wise forebearers didn't anticipate. They didn't anticipate that America would become so dependent on the media, and they didn't anticipate this avalanche of intellectuals sloth that has taken over so much of our country. Intellectuals sloth is also tangled and complicated. It has to do with our insidious dependence on electronics. It has to do with the satirialization that no one sells his or her soul so cheaply. As news people, give a few bucks now lick the feet of the nearest Republican, and it has to do with becoming a megallatoulous beyond the wildest dreams of our founding fathers. In those days communication was easy. Now let's say nearly infinitely complicated and matrixed several different forms of media, nearly all now owned and controlled by totalitarian fascists. And it has to do with the millions of vacuum-headed monkey-seem monkey-do Americans. So what to do? The only thing we can do. Those of us who aren't monkey-brain have to somehow initiate enough political muscle and insight, the counter-encoled beyond the fascist fatheads in the osis. It's 100% up to ethical literature, rational patriotic Americans to take our country back. In spite of the media, lastly, let's never forget how 95% the American media tried to turn the American dream into a new third-right. These people are the collaborators, just as the mid-20th century collaborators try to give Europe to the Nazis, so are the Fox News collaborators, and thousands of like-minded traders trying to give our constitutional government to the Republican Neonossies. And he asked the collaborators shouldn't forget how the French treated their collaborators after WWII. Something like a field is not for real, it's correct to me. Yeah. How's those honest doing? Different facts are, it's interesting. They're ways at the scene if those bodies are in the process of being transported. But I've buttoned you know, doubt. 1312 votes on the pool. How many games will the dolphins win this season? After yesterday's humiliating, degrading loss to what everybody, what would you ask? Now I guess the three worst teams in the league are gotta be San Francisco, Arizona, and Houston. Would anybody debate that, Josh? No, that's pretty accurate. And then close to 4th of 5th of 10 a.m., which then you'll beat the dolphins last week. Commoner games will be the dolphins win this season. It's the same in era, baby, with his crappy attitude, he's hostile. 13 every 19 votes, who cares? 3.9, almost 30%. 162 people say they'll win six. Screw the fish, 158. Screw the fish. 1345 people say five. 137 say four. 62 foolish people say they're gonna win seven. What I would be like, Evan B. So my thought would be like six and six in their last 12 games, right? Yeah. 54 said they're gonna win only two. In other words, one more can be a long season, baby. And the people across the street are gonna lose their ass again. 49 said they're gonna win eight. 45 say three. 35 say Super Bowl. 30 said hit this pool. But 30 man. 20 said they're gonna win nine games. 14 very foolish people say they're gonna win ten. 10 people say they play off. And nine people say the dolphins win 11 games. That's 10 and two in their last dozen games. That was one day we get a dozen donuts. But it doesn't work games like they played so far. I don't think so Nick makes you almost long for the one state era. Doesn't it? Huh? Almost. Talk about a hard ass. 1113 if you don't forget the mad dog at two, hands off for a young keeper today. So we got Joseph Gackie. He's the one to shout for that. And they can't. The biggest is for your Rogers. Here's for your life 60. You can. Get it sucks. Hello, Mill. I want to thank you question. Michael was watching your program on the, on when the Miami, the date was the, um, 15. And I want to know if you can kind of empty crisis or something. Uh-huh. If not, I said once to where should the devil? Because he thinks it's cool. And he also wants to just as ladies and men, but listed on now. I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-crack channel. Um, please, I'm really concerned. And I would like to know if you're the anti-crack. Thank you. And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop thinking if you were. Because you know you're trying to make sure of bag it. And you made my son. So the anti-crack. Thank you. Um, have a nice day. Oh, and you two have a lovely day. What was she trying to say? I have no line. Oh, and no brain. One 17 here on the L anti-heast social. The chupa coverage is here. Got some bad news for all you online gaming freaks up there. Actually, some good news. Online gaming firms face their biggest ever crisis today. For US Congress passed legislation to end internet gaming, threatening jobs and wife things. I've said I have $20 off share prices. How do you like that? Oh, geez. Britain's party gaming PLC, operator of linear net poker site party poker.com, and rival sporting bet, and 88 plays said it would likely pull out of the West of biggest source of revenue and war on future profits. The development is a significant setback for our company. Our shareholders, our players in our industry party gaming team executive Mitch Garborset. The house in Senate unexpectedly approved a bill early Saturday that would make any legal for banks and credit card companies to make payments to online gambling sites. The major was set to present in George W. Bush to sign an allowance most aimless C.S. a certainty. We believe that this will have a very material impact on the long term prospects of online gaming, and in particular poker said, Julia, analyst, Julian Easto, but UBS. UBS is in the network Howard Beal was on? Yes, it is. What? This will lead to a rapid decline in the use of online poker sites. Party gaming generates about 78% of its revenue from the U.S. We're a sporting bet gets about 62% there. Shares in party gaming, which rates nearly $4 million a day from its 19 million customers, fell 58%. Sporting bet, which owns sportsports.com, and Paradise poker.com, lost 58%. And 80, it was down 35%. Online gaming exploded in London in 2005 in the world in 2005 with a string of high profile company Plotations in London, which has become the industry corporate center. A bulk of revenue though has always come from the U.S., but operators were located in offshore jurisdictions like Costa Rica and Antiga, through a new to fears of prosecution in the U.S. where gaming and bidding laws have been ambiguous. So, are you people that have been saying all your time playing online in the crap? Forget about it. They're going to come and drag your ass away, and then you're going to have to spend a couple of weeks with Miss Foley. There it is. After she gets out of rehab. She's got a drinking problem. Don't you understand? I see. There's school shootings. They're getting in the omnisch country in Southeast Africa. I would be at a school in the legislature county, a small place called Nickel Mind, Pennsylvania, just outside of Lancaster. Once out of the screen, you can see where it is on the map and the other side. You can see what looks like a lot of firefighters and also local community members who are looking at looks like for other evidence. On one side of the screen, on the other side, needless to say trying to make sense. You know the more you play that. Here's to be a horrible. I'm going to be a person. The more I hear her, the more I start to doubt whether on the wake or having a dream. Yeah. You know, I heard a funny, funny, funny, funny experience. Can this really be happening to us? No. No. Can't like that feeling. I hadn't Berlin. Only at least I was in Georgia. There was a photo. This was like misery. agony. I'm carrying a finger dance. Blackboard. Those eight sounds. So it's Barcoli have approved of that. Of what? Berlin. No, two old. Legal age, baby. Legal age. Stick with legal, okay. All right. But must. You must. Ten as well, a person who go Chavez said yesterday's we see. Warnings are within the White House. The Bush administration is planning to assassinate him or topple his leftening government. They wouldn't do that, would they? How's that? What he said. We're warning from an alleged White House informant. Chavez told thousands of supporters of the campaign, rallying. Caracas. That President Bush has ordered him to be killed before he leaves Orifice in 2008. Bush has said that before he goes, Hugo Chavez should not be president of Venezuela. He told the crowd. The president of the US has said it is especially in recent days. What he doesn't know is that I have friends in the White House. The event of the way the leader is planned before that the US government's out to kill him. In allocations of the US officials deny. The latest accusation came a day after he alleged that there had been a recent attempt to assassinate him. And said those responsible had since fled the neighboring Colombia. And probably would be on a lot of your swab a pretty soon. Chavez appeared to link the alleged plot to his main rival in upcoming presidential elections. Governor Manuel Rosales of the Zulia State claiming that he is in constant danger from a poll and seeking to get rid of him. He's not paranoid you understand? He said a sniper in a way that would long range gun and plan to shoot him after he debugged a helicopter didn't elaborate further on the alleged plot. He vowed to win the December 3rd vote and continue governing the South American nation until 2021-14 more years. That's what's coming, Chavez said. It's floated the possibility of changing the minister's constitution to allow indefinite reelection. In other words, like dictator. President for life. 10-like what the Republicans have in mind for the USA. We got to control. We're not going to give it up no matter how many elections we have to fix. No matter how many lies we have to deal. No matter how many human lives we have to sacrifice. We're in the Senate Collin by in the last seven years that being this is today. And in an omniscient school last week in a rural school in Colorado, small schools, rural schools. But also we see it in urban districts. Violence, cross-says, all boundaries. Urban suburban and rural. It can be a one-room school out to a larger urban school district. And we have to continue to keep schools safety on the front burner. It's a thing that we say is, you know, all of the technology and equipment in the world. Let's hear our movie. We're going to be a human effort. And Clinton, I talk about this last week with you as a first and best line of defense. There's a well-trained, alert school staff and a student body. We're going to try to recognize strangers in the parking lot. That's what Mark Foley wants you to want to see that student body. We had almost 14, never. We're going to get 14 every day. I think we might. 13, 46. We got 37 minutes to get 54. We should be able to do that. I mean, everybody in there, brother, even George is going to pay how many games it often is a win. His opinion is who gives a crap. Okay, do we? Isn't that right? That's what I voted. They could lose like, let's see, they've one one. So they could go like one fifteen. We didn't put one on the pool. I'll not do that. That would be so, that would be nasty. It would be ridiculous. That would be like putting 13 in your own area. And we're putting it on there. Putting what one? One. Well, I already won the one. So that means they're going to lose all the rest of the games the rest of the season. You know, it's possible. It's possible. But once upon a time, they won every game in the season. So yeah, that's true. Practice makes perfect, baby. They're striving for perfection. It's obviously it's the same in F and way, baby. Nice. Nice call on that two-point conversion, Nick. He says, you're a hard ass. You know, you people in the media would have worked a bit of good play, but it didn't work so it's a bad play. Yeah. That's the criteria. Yeah, that's generally the idea. He calls the play and it turns out to be a turn. Then it's a bad play. Bad call, Nick. That's the way it works. You're the coach. Not anybody else. Don't blend the brains, them. He had around no more. Face to face with an arm man's perspective, killing a pull county sheriff. Deputy Chair, remember that last week? Yes. Swat officers riddle his body with 68 bullets coming. All together, nine officers fired 110 times Friday and Angel O'Franham. That was the roster guy that was a dreadlocks who Polk County Sheriff Grady, a greedy judge, and executed one of his deputies. That's all the bullets we had. We would have shot him more. He would have shot after our cops, he results for a few Saturday. That's all the bullets we had. They unloaded him. They had somebody go to the store for more, but he was already dead. That's right. Why bother? The same deputy, Matt Williams, 39, was shot eight times. There's that we encountered the killer who was fled in the nearby woods after routine traffic stuff. One bullet was fired a close range behind the deputies right ear. Another was fired near his right temple with a muzzle begun pressing against the skin. I'm confident he was ambushed and executed judge said. Cleveland 27 was driving a rental car when he was pulled over. Deputy Doug Spire's ass for his driver's license. If he was handed a fake ID. Several shots were fired as far as he ran after freeland. And one bullet struck the deputies' leg. Williams and his German Shepherd dog, police dog, Doty, Doty, went into the wooded area looking for the suspect. After examining the shooting scene, Judge said he thinks Cleveland would be behind a larger fruit of three where was virtually impossible to see him. I suspect he shot the keen on first judge said. A single bullet killed a dog with a hidden in the chest. Bullets hit Williams in the arm legs and butt-offs and one lodges in his spine. Though the sequence of the shots has been determined slightly to the final two shots, we'll find the deputy sent his documents to the over him. Williams was armed with a 45 caliber semi-automatic can gun. Head extra magazines of ammunition on his belt. After he executed the deputy, he took his firearm and the magazines, Joe said. And was reading him in the woods. Somebody was reading him too. Two leg-lin police officers who changed gun fire with Philly, he apparently tried to reach a nearby house. I'm confident he was going to go to that house. He would have taken him hostage or maybe they would have killed him. He said the leg-lin officers risked their lives when they turned him back in the woods. And then he shot him. I'm going to tell you what to say. I'm going to tell you what to say. I'm going to tell you what to say. I think we're going to add 500 bullets to it. Just to make sure to which we say. All right. Nice gun. The biggest name. So that's the power of the business. It's for your Rogers Force Radio 560.