Yeah, I was doing that to the police, I was going to ask you out what he talked to, I was going to ask you out what he talked to, a lot of people on the other. I want to know about all this gambling that's going on in this country. And National hockey league, always you guys are betting football. You go start me off on hockey again, we're on the road to Hell today. It's not a hockey store. It's a great headline in New York Post, I refer to a page that says, It says, Vetsky, she was racing for because of Vetsky. Yeah, I love it. Hate him like poison man. Need a lot of his stuff. Nothing to please me more than seeing him go down. And what timing, too, huh? They just opened in the Olympics in Turin, North Korea in Turin, and Turin. And that all this crap going on. And apparently, how about this one? The general manager of the team, that 500 on the over and the Super Bowl game through talk. Yeah. So everybody in the office was in it. It's not the other, they're players on other teams. You know, in fact, he is not every other commercial that's on a Europe here as you can imagine, because they're sick with his hockey things. So they're obsessed with him. And he just makes me nauseous. But if we want to think if we deal with people who need it to money, you know? But like Pete Rose, your buddy Pete Rose. Now there's a guy who's always down and out, who's always like going on the, you know, pedaling his baseball cards and signing people's ass and whatever he can to get a few bucks, because he's losing his ass. But these people are more money than God. The wife is a famous actress, and he's got more money than anybody could ever want and they're involved in this crap. How much do you think he's trying to fly their ass? How much do you think he's worth? Millions. I can even begin to tell you. 20 to 30 million, man. Oh, more than that. More than that. Millions and millions. More money than you and I could lose a, Well, that's right. He's 10 years. He owns a piece of their hockey franchise. Right. And his wife is a hell of a piece. So, go. I don't think she made that much money. Well, whatever. But he gives her a pretty good, I guess he gives her a pretty good allowance. I would think. I mean, your marriage and your wife comes in and says, No, there's no question that love had nothing to do with that romance. Do you remember the movie Lost in America? No. Albert Brooks. No. Oh, he's an advertising executive decides to drop out, takes the life savings and they cash in, and they get an RV and they're going to drive across the country, and they stop overnight in Las Vegas. She goes down to the casino and loses it all at the roulette table, the whole life savings, and he goes downstairs and finds out that she's lost all that money. And Gary Marshall played the part of the casino boss. He goes in the office to ask him if he can get the money back, but she made him a steak. It was very funny. I guess he had a see it. Yeah. Well, there's not that bit of a middle or movie about Vegas. That was a good movie. I can't never think of the name of that. This is the same thing. Janet Jones or she didn't take the life savings, but 75,000. She was a half a million over three months. She's bitten some serious money. No kidding. Well, well, you get looked when you got to big bucks. You're not going to go bet five, ten bucks here and there. It's all relative. I understand. Guys with a big bucks, I'm playing the 50 cents slot machine, man. But you can lose millions if you bet enough. I mean, you can blow the life savings or whatever you got. Listen, I can take you right out to what by now and talk to you. Just pick one at random and he'll tell you how they lost their pension. I have people come up to me all the time. People I just don't even know their name. I just see them, you know, casually frequently there. Oh, this one will guide with you a very nice guy. Well, over them, a thusla. I lost my life pension here. I can't come here anymore. Yeah, I'm very nice to him because I don't want to like be rude, but I'm thinking of myself, why are you here? I don't see any guys with oozy who like, you know, are holding you here at gunpoint. Why did you come back? You're going to finally get even with Helen Dale. Once those slots go in, yeah, and those people start going bro. Oh, going to be losing their ass. Good. They won't even be able to go for the early bird. Yep. And by the way, I hate to break the news to your buddy there from them, with a new Monday and football team. What's his name? Gloria Hol, what was his name? Her sure whole her sure. What are we corn? I said, Tony Cornhol, yeah. And he says, all the games are going to start at 8.40 or whatever. So now he won't be able to go to the early bird. He's going to be able to go to the early bird. First of all, he stole that from me number one, a whole early bird, stick. And number two, the early bird doesn't start at 6.15. And number three, it's not all you can eat, Tony. So talk about something and all about which is nothing to do with the early birds and so forth. Are you jackass? God. But anyway, that's right. I want to start picking on your buddies in the business again. And almost anyway, like him and Pete Rose. I mean, when you're, you know, you admit to be in buddies with Pete Rose. Next thing you're going to be immune to gambling. And then you'll be right in there with old Betsky and his wife. So Pete, last weekend. Did you really? Yep. He should only visit special place in, in hell for him. There's a special place in the farm shop. He should be in the hot and the hell of fame. Oh, I'm sure it's time for that there is. He's there. Sign in baseball. Let me see. Anytime you see a guy sitting at the racetrack, it's got a stack of $100 bills sitting in front of him. You know, you're dealing with a real major A whole. I'll tell you that right now. What a jerk. John, just talk to the tellers at Colter and Ghostroom about Pete Rose. So I'm going to casino with Caesar's. Yeah, the night. And my thing I just, you mentioned his name. They might just kill you just out of spite just to the instant reaction. He's not well-liked by the people in the casino. Can imagine why? Just like Larry, your buddy Larry King. Huh? Go upstairs on the fourth floor and make a bet. And now, I'll be right back. I left my money at the table. And, uh, a hundred dollar bet or whatever. And then come again. Then go make a bet on the third floor. And then stick the teller on the fourth floor. And then if the horse won, come back. Oh, I got ya. Here's the hundred. Oh, yeah. You know, that's the truth. And not to mention all the checks. Royce Landoffies to tell me all the stories. Western peace. Although you bad checks that he cashed at the track. These days, the Larry King Memorial drawer. Never paid back anybody a dime. Not a penny. Here's the guy I talk about how much that a worth makes for grisky seem like a popper. Worth mil, you can't even count the millions that King has made. Based on kissing ants all these years. And never paid back anybody a dime. I've ever destroyed the table. As it was years ago now, all, uh, our, our my client, his agent, who ever was, is going to come back and he feels bad. He's going to pay everybody back. Just be as it was just PR and I'm making a look better. Never paid a dime. I mean, we got the other word. Downtown, I mean, Mickey, Mickey Brown hearings going on now. Can freebie to enhance concern improvements. Yeah. The Katrina race. We've now we find out that, uh, there's so many bush lies. I got to deal with her today. I might have to stand up midnight. They just lie about everything. Like this thing. Well, we didn't know that the levy broke tonight before. Yeah, lie. Another lie. And who they got on the committee? There's the whiny Susan Collins and Julie Raman. Oh, geez. They didn't get some of the people from British parliament on their view. Have you ever watched the British parliament meetings? No, I should have seen that. No. Oh, my God, where they all get up and they're screaming and they're pouting on the table. Here, here, there. And Tony Blair is trying to be heard in the course of the other guy and I'll be spain. Any of you tend to all screaming like that. Right. Great. That's like the Russian parliament sessions where they strangled each other. Yeah. That's what we need in the... That's good. That's exactly what we need. Get your statement if you had any. In fact, Susan Collins, you ought to get up out of that chair. And says, and you're whining and... I'mmerking. You ought to get up and slap Brownie Brown in the face right now. So you inept idiot talk about talk about neptotism and talk about the... All these shillah, all his buddies, all his school buddies, that all the... ...pum jobs, totally unqualified. And then, like, oh, gee, we don't understand how he was... ...wasn't on top of these things. When you like C.R.L. Inspector and Ted Kennedy with their hands on each other's... Yes. Yeah. Too much...or maybe in horses around, the horse and the rally is brownie Brown. That was his background. I was made him qualified to... Yeah. I know. They have a FEMA. Well, listen, have a great weekend. I don't lose too much. I might be doing a little gambling this week. Yeah. I might just be tomorrow morning too. We've got a whole new strategy now. Stay away from the dollar. We'll afford some machines. Okay. Yeah. Trying to good my shin mind. Do well. I'll do it. Bring back a huge stack of bills. I'll bring back a big pot of money. I'll put it on my table and the living room. You're just sitting there and stare at it. Just have it all the way up to my end. I can't talk about it. I can't talk about it. I can't talk about it. There you go. Ritoshay. Tushay. See ya. Why do you f**k stupid? In the nice, late, region of the West, comes to heartwarming story. Everyone is talking about what started as a fishing trip. became something much more. Jake, Jim and Holland owe stars in. broke back, mountain. Yeah. I can't move. I can't move. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. The critics are breathing about broke back, mountain. It's about a man with a broken back. On a mountain. I think that was a wolf. That was a grizzly. Oh my, I'm lost. Now where am I? That's that like a homosexual. Oh my goodness. You're heart. Yep. Definitely a homosexual. I'm a girl. Back, mountain. Straight in a circle. Straight in a circle. Straight in an ester or stink, oh man. I have, I've lasted for an hour. Yeah. And about three times during the course of the hour I was on a verge of nodding off. I was, I was, I was, I'm serious. I was fighting keep my eyes open. Oh, better you say. One of the worst movies I have ever had the displeasure seeing in my life. It is so bad that they're nowhere to describe it. The course gardener. The constant gardener. I mean, I'd rather watch the constant gardener 600 times than finish watching this piece of craft. I guess over the weekend, maybe I'll find, I don't know how long this thing is. It's like two hours. Oh, another hour. I can imagine another hour of this torture. It is a whole sex. You think with all the sheep up there in a mountains that they, you know, maybe would have found one of them that would have been friendly. But oh no. It starts out slow as molasses. And then it goes nowhere. And then finally you just say, okay, that's enough. I've had it. And the sex scene, if that's Michelle Williams and they're playing the blonde, if that's really her, I can't imagine her possibly looking any worse than she goes in this movie. I mean, she is the definitive trailer-traged bitch. I mean, she looks nasty. Okay. And about the only thing, the only thing interesting, they're supposed to be a message in the fact of the, and of course, once a heat ledger gets married to her, they start making babies like rabbits. I mean, she's just popping them out like, like, hamsters. And the sex scene there, which the sex scenes between him and Jake Gillen Hall, the first one is more like a rape than a sex scene. And the second one is just really embarrassing. It's so bad. And then the one with her, where she finally gets down on all fours, we understand that, you know, and it's called, uh, suppose it had it. Yeah. Of course it had it. Like a rabbit, you know? Yeah. Narodic repetition. In other words, he's been conditioned in this, he's in the actual, that whole deal, you know? That whole deal. That whole deal. Yeah. And here's one for our full today, Kirby and Susie as in from Barry. Okay, you got that Kirby and Susie as my son. About 10 minutes to one episode. That's not all. Not for me. But anyway, I want to spend about 20, 30 hours talking about broke up mountain and save a lot of you people. A lot of money. Those are the service then. Those who might be inclined to see it just because of all the who-plot. Don't do it. In fact, I just take you folks to a ton of money between the constant gardener and broke ass mounting. It believed me. You don't want to see either one of these. I mean, this thing is so slow and goes nowhere. And the two ranch hands up there in him and there's not even other than drickered little booze out of the bottle. Well, that's always excuses. Either the X-Vocier to booze. Yeah, right. But there's not even the slightest bit of warmth or anything between the two of them. All of a sudden they're like, you know, it's humpback mountain. And then even the summer ends when they both are getting done with all their work with a sheep up there. And then they, well, see around. Okay, they get their own pickup trucks by behind. They're in that the slightest bit. And of course, you know, when it goes beyond that, I don't know, it's going to happen. People are going to say, well, you missed a good part. Well, you know what, I'll take youward for it. And not even a pack on the cheek. It's, it's so bad. And the fact that there's all this big hoopla. And all these fat movie reviewers, oh, this is so water. If you want to see a fag movie, whether two guys doing stuff, making love with Michael Amkin, Harry Hamlin, and Kate Jackson, how many years ago was that? It's got to be, like, gotten you through to the mountain. All look it up, I think you look at Google. It's made in love with Michael Amkin. Who is, I love Michael Amkin. But at least, you know, at least there were some warmth in there and some, you know, some affection, some something. Tenderness. Oh, a tenderness, yeah. Not a serious thing. It was like something, but this was just stupid. It was like, like, gratuitous. Anyway, it's the bad news out of the way from Iraq. It's 82. So it's 24 years. I was right, a long time ago. And that was a good movie. Now you see that, right? I think I saw it. It was in the, was it a TV movie? No. It's been on TV. I'm sure that. I saw it on TV. It's, it was pretty good. Pretty gay. And pretty gay. Yeah. But if I had a choose between that and this, a very, very smart mountain thing. Oh, this is just. If anybody has the balls to call me in and tell me, this is a good movie. I'm going to say, look at Broughty. Do you have to blow your brains out if we could find any? I come on. Don't dissuade. Then maybe they saw something you didn't. We got 75,000 stories about Bush lying to me. Really amazing. How he's including the mayor of LA. Just never heard nothing about this. He'll just attack that they disrupted, which come to the, I never was going to really happen anyway. It was only conceptual stages. It was never really going to happen in the first place. He thought out about this latest information about watching. Push on TV yesterday. And we're not too happy about it. Anyway, Roadside bomb blast is called two US Marines near the Western and varsity province of city of Fludja. Today. In Baghdad, a car bomb exploded currently at least four wounding 21 mole. The good news continues. It's a blood bath like 50 on a among four of a set. Others are Susan Smith. She's wimping along. President Sholud. He's maintaining that. Oh, God. Get some real people in the Congress. Get some real people that take hold of the government and stop and effσει. Then quickly run dunes, whipping around for clarification. We partise like her reeling as she has lived in the East Highlands in degrees. We've been waiting in the western east of the West, something happened through storytelling. I'm riding on the long and so time to go on a horse I'm riding on a horse, so time to go on a horse I'm riding on a horse, so time to go on a horse The sheep ain't the only ones on all doors And lack of perfect help more For those who don't know that I'd have heard that tell me how to do better Like a perfect help more There's a reason why I'm just don't cover the air I'm a home on the rain that's where Like a perfect help more You're fairer Say good morning, okay go watch No whiteness, seven doors, anything Go hang yourself from the a T-room and the airplane By the way, we'll get to that story about the guy Haye I was hung behind the big-row Steve says, have a very tannermor show on a pole Oh, geez, okay have a great weekend to Steve back at you Very tannermor show, not for me There's nobody on the show I like including her Including dip bandike Including wasn't Rosemary on that show Okay, stick with the Hollywood squares Rosemary Okay, that's more up your alley, Sally More Amsterdam was the on that show Till was that the dip bandike show? I don't know I don't know, not for me Here's yesterday's pool, 1740 votes What radio show do you listen to it? Morning before 10 o'clock Hank, three o'clock, 17.7% For the humpers All right, era America though, 236 That's pretty scary None, 222 MPR 190, your buddy, Phil Lassman Is that, do you tell me he's on a morning on MPR? That's right He's on a morning on MPR He's on a morning on MPR That's right He's on a morning on MPR Howard Stern on serious 165 And by the way, for real was on with him lying through his teeth again I had a six-year and he arrived He said maybe we had a 40-year-old in the market Yeah, one month and one 20 had a six-year For all the three months in the market One was a six-year was very good One was like mediocre And the other month was a disaster But this guy talks more crap Ah, I'm not a bad guy, I'm gonna come kick your ass If the audience had even these slightest inkling Of the stuff that he pulled off Forget about on-year And you know, jeopardizing the license and stuff Like getting us find it But the stuff that went off here You want me talking about? I'm sure you don't What are you talking about? You know exactly what I'm talking about Including that one sales call We're like it's a miracle anybody Walked out of your life from the reports we got Remember that deal? Nope Yeah, you do Maybe you want to talk to Joe Bell about that on Monday Howard Stern on serious 165 Joe Rose 135 Ron and Paul won 16 Bob and Tom won 13 Almost even with Ron and Paul They're not even in a day-and-brower market How you like that That's the way we're tremendous to each of them Or knock on Ron and Paul or both But that's quite an accomplishment I don't care what that guy said yesterday He's just a loser I like Bob and Tom, no two Yes, I do So the fact is that you know there may not political geniuses Okay, big deal They suck up Other music stations 67 No too many and too bad XM 35 All I can't wait to listen to Oprah on XM WI would D35 All the right wing propaganda all the time Mike and Mike in the morning 33 I guess that's ESPN radio Colored Jim's Johnny and see how come he didn't write about That punk in his column today What tells a guy's name? I don't even know what his name is anymore Who is he? ESPN radio Oh I'm asking Josh, you're supposed to know that Which guys? Which guy? The guy in the afternoon that he's always raven about how great he is And we all have one two to four And then nobody ever heard of See you know no No speaking in glaze station 25 Howard Stern Pirate Broadcast either on the internet or Huh? That's an RM team Right 16 So you put those two together You got like over 10% of this audience listen to Stern And the morning is still by hooker by Crook or either pay and forward or see Own it Magic 102.714 Y110 Mr. Ego Steve K. and five Which I smell right there It was like two all day long And I think Nick Lawrence voted three times WFTL5 Power 965 How do you like that? Aren't you impressed? WDKPS4 And WVUM Solament they own only one Because who that would want to hear that anyway And number two I didn't know but he heard since that Anyway Is that ever he told us that Who is it? Evan Cohen very good Where did you get that? Muddy Cohen Yeah So get back to this piece of garbage movie Now can't spoil the ending for it Cause I haven't watched the ending yet But I don't I really don't plan on it I mean if I get really really bored And I want to maybe if I have some And I'm on a follow-up state real fast Yeah, I'll slap that baby under again It's just it's so bad I'm not exaggerating it's so bad that I was in disbelief Because any you know you sit down You'll watch the movie You'll put the disc in there First of all, very bad copyright why We're never less recorded from a never to let it get up And I'm waiting for something to happen You know when we start jobbers these two ranch hands He fledger and Jake Gillin Hall who was very good in Donny Darko And they drive up to the trailer there You know here's the old ranch rancher is trailer They're really going to you know a couple of ranch hands Wantin looking get some work And He fledger is standing outside the trailer Waiting for the boss man to show up And he's got his cowboy hat kind of over his head And he's like leaning up against the trailer And then Jake Gillin Hall drives up and his pickup truck And he like gets out of the truck and stands And kind of like his eye and he's ledger like looking And like up and down you know like go like that Which I guess that's supposed to be a message Oh Bruce has the honeymooners still made him Okay, I was gonna put that on the honeymoon And so and Seth and Seth and Seth were setting And then kids more boring from there And then they get the job of being a sheep herders You know they're going up there in a bearback mountain And they're going to like be living up there in the woods And hurting the sheep and bringing them all back alive And whatever that's all about And we saw we see a lot of sheep we see some meat dogs in there They're like doing that sheep herders and stuff And sheep dogs do And that's pretty much it And they're sitting up there and you see a heat ledger of a bear ass naked From the backside which quite frankly appears And then we see Jake Gillin Hall like a washman is laundry And they're in the creek And he's like squatting down the start naked And that's that's it And the whole thing is so ridiculous and so implausible Because like I said there was not the slightest bit of affection Or tenderness or warmth between the two And all of a sudden because it's cold outside one night He fled just like the outside of the tent and jakes on the inside And you say it's your ass in here I guess he took him literally all over the way around the tuna But then they're laying there under the covers And Jake Gillin Hall reaches back and grabs heat ledgers hand And puts it right down there with a mundo and shung Right wraps it over which I thought he was going to wrap the arm around him But he just stuck it right down you know where The front and then they end the front And then the next thing we know he's getting up and Taking his pants down and then he gets up and takes his pants down And here we go you know what it is Let's say he's on the top and jakes on the bottom Got that I got this that particular scene is more like a reef than a Design thing else it has nothing to do with the function or allow Or even it's just more like a reef scene Kind of think of it as somebody like a ghost story We miss it badly And then there's another scene where they're like doing some hanky panky in the tent And then that's pretty much it And then the summer ends like I said And we see a sheep there got killed by you know Wolf or whatever and ripped the pieces of coyote Maybe it was one of beskies coyotes And then the summer ends and they go back down to the trailer And meantime the boss man has been looking with the binoculars And seeing something hanky panky going out up there in the woods And they like well guess I'll see around okay well I'm getting married Yeah, that's his heat ledger and getting hits to Michelle Williams I'm gonna have her raw or crawling around all fours and then that's it That's it And it's just drags and drives you keep waiting for something interesting for something Anything please just please give me some other team and please show me some reason why I should continue watching and they didn't And then so I didn't I shut that baby right there That's a relief. Oh, so please do you say and if you're wife and your daughter thought it was pretty good man you You thought it was okay No, it was not okay. Well, what did I know it was it was not even close to okay. This really got sucked in by the height That's what it was. I thought because I was gonna watch it there that might know that might be what I thought it might Yeah, well, I'll paint working for me I'll tell you what will work for you this weekend the Emerald Coast Lord is number one Asian gourmet buffet That's to get restaurant review roping in up to his mind now every weekend every Friday's or Sunday night You can go there and really pick out enjoyed lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermodore style and every night at the Emococcus craft ice featuring the last in snow crab legs dungeon is crab Jonah stone crabs There is so much great food there. You'll have to water out the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-son as sushi bar with over 30 But third man different items the Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious New York steaks cooked to order the way you love Handcar primary and on the weekends for dessert Lee room to the Emococes famous 40 inch chocolate fountain You can hand if your own strawberry is marshmallow is other deck and treats and be sure check out their all new All you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi two of tataki over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more tuna tataki Taki the Emococes we can be at locations as a review there in sunrise any else reaching pepper finds reservations suggested if you want to have a real fantastic feast this weekend Get the whole game to just take all bunch of strangers to and pick out at the Emococes call 9-5-4 5-7-2 38-22 Porting Lydia and they don't come anywhere's fan Neil Rogers from the Makers of Roadback Mountain comes an epic tale of forbidden love on the other side of the valley in Rainbow reservation Why you cry slide no Well, I swear you Never rising long horn Ben friends and for who it how you look at well how he look at you You the proper feather Perkins now the T.P. Desories and those long trip of a mountain experience The prairie like never before as two Indian friends from rival tribes the check-a-guy and Locker draw Tries spend nights alone in the wilderness in a TV Eliminated by the flickering campfire and serrated by the sounds of nature Oh, brown eye. Oh good grief. I can't milk cook you movie critic rest read race Here chief who's your chief rainbow reservation Oh So to a theater near you also downtown Brownie Brown just said I didn't know there was no people at the superdomer tech convention center You can meet right for the poll from Madden Viro Beach line order Okay, okay, Madden Viro Beach must be the guy to call this yesterday. They gave us some of the ants about how bad Bob and Tom were right. I mean how many people we have in Viro Beach So we'll put on your lawn order With some reputation anyway. I'm much of this thing and I'm thinking to myself I must have you must have sent me to wrong movie. Yeah, right you must be fun in me So I just went on IMDB and a funny part about this is that I started Type it and then you know to get their review of it and I start right in bear bag And then yeah, I couldn't think of what the real name of the movie was no Mario There asks somebody bits. So here's what they give eight stars out of ten eight stars I'm gonna tell you at least seven of those are a lie It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen and you do this to a six-and-faggotty And they're the critics just go no Here statement at a half how many how many stars did a torch song trilogy get with Harvey Farthing and I'm bankrupt I don't know check it out. I don't want to I'm afraid and And I got news for his marginal is that movie was a sure as hell Beat the crap out of this thing at least and bankrupt was funny. I never saw that And at least the adopted son was real hot anyway, but nevertheless Here I want to read you this you know, they always put a user comment here somebody gives a ten stars Oh, some queen from Toronto no less well, wasn't this one? I Was lucky enough to get this ticket to the second screening of bear a bear ass mountain that the Toronto International Film Festival It was absolutely beautiful from a gay man's perspective which here that could be just about anybody the love story was both satisfying and heartbreaking He fled your gives a better performance to the tube, but not by much Probably important because he's the main character. He says Not perfect. I didn't detect a false moment. Jake is also incredible sweet No-one's and loving he has the difficulty part of being essentially the love interest rather than the main character Once you see the ending you'll understand why it was important for the audience to more closely Sympirized with heat-scurter live in CD ending and The subject matters for you to fairly with compassion. Yeah, like the rap scene This script was wonderfully structured the portrayal of the lives is also fair and compassionate I've never liked Michelle Williams more in a role than this one. She was the portrait of vulnerability and Anne Hattaway was great in limited role Love the hair. Oh love the hair That's I need to oh god. All I can say to you is you're fair Get out of here screamer love the hair All right, oh my god Yeah, and you know what this shows to me this shows how far back we've gone effected in 2006 that it would be like this when when the other one making love was in 1982 24 years ago and here the such a big hollablo about this all or so gay cowboy love story Yeah, what would we do? I am so just blown away God How many Q a m hello? Yes, I pro back order better with stunt men Sorry, can you explain it no any of your can be How many Q a m hello? Neil yes, sir have you guys seen the broke back to the future parody? No, it's on YouTube you go on YouTube.com and type in broke back to the future. It's really funny Well, I got to be more entertaining than this movie. I'll say that. Did you see it? Please do not please say the money give the money to starving get to get out there in the sweet corner All right, they like that off. Okay I want to hear from somebody who actually saw it and liked it, which in this crowd is unlikely that you know Unless they're going to disguise their voice. Well, you know promised that you'll be nice to him. You know, maybe they're scared. No Well, of course this is this review while the ending is a yeah I'm sure the ending is just very touching and wonderful This is what the hot dog that's what the hot the report from the women is that it's got a unhappy ending. Oh Well, if the ending is worse than the rest of it my god somebody ought to be murdered from making this click I mean it is just so Honduras and there go the sheep and here come the sheep and here go the sheep dogs I'm tanya There's nothing going on there is nothing there and too many beans. You know no more beans The Caribbean is very good to can't be eaten and then and then he shoots the what is it a moose or an alcohol Whatever does up there? It was he finally's got better in the Jake literally It's a good of there. Yeah, and yeah, oh, yeah, that's why he well Yeah, what do you that right home, but and then they got their eaten there He's slicing that baby up in her cooking it and their eating moose moose takes her alcohol whatever that is Oh, good God. This is just tragic and then like I said the obligatory man is family seen there where he just beats the snout of these two loud mouth The foul mouth redneck old Yahoo's that are mouth and off and he's there with his wife and eight five daughters It's just it is just a pathetic WQAN hello left there market down 911 WQAN hello. I don't okay That bill take out for a lot of it. Let's just send you guys over 567.0560 560 Verizon and singular wireless line Somebody QAN hello I'm glad you're fine. Okay. I'm glad you finally. I'm glad you finally. I'm glad you finally. I get a man here phone technique working a little bit better Okay, you sound like you're underwater like our guppy Somebody QAN hello Neil Sick puppy always sounds like a guppy. Yes, sir. Good morning sir. Queen is I wish I had another ticket to go to To ball if he I take you with me. Yeah You would have been a good guy to go in yeah And Just call you to your all-time friends from the Troy. I always call you One-time friend from Detroit young guy. Yeah. I don't know anybody from Detroit anybody. I knew Detroit don't live there no more How good day. Okay, you said my longtime friend from Detroit buddy. These people are really liberal today Wow, we man. It must be doing a real good Terry Oki sauce on it today on there back to W 2 a.m. Hello Hello, yes I'm asking you please speaking Yes, yes You can move it along I'm sick and tired. Hey about that movie. Yeah move this along or can move your ass bitch 567.0560 see they can't discuss this and you want to know why because it's okay The cave to talk about it. This is the most value how value who peace and crap and ever Come down the pipe everybody saw it and it's a biggest piece of garbage. Can you move it along? Yeah move this you silly ass bitch W 2 a.m. Hello 2 a.m W 2 a.m. Hello, I thought are you all through the movie you play the W 2 a.m. Hello Q a.m I think the nail speaking speaking I mean I think I got my thumb right on it today They are coming on glue and so I'm so glad you sent me that movie so I could tell you number one to start for myself How horrible was it number two see the way this is the ability of this crowd I totally couldn't discuss it even like to say it was horrendous because then they had to admit they seen it discuss that how about anything and they can't huh about anything Well, no, that goes without saying but this is another category W 2 a.m. Hello Hello, oh, sorry times up 20 to 11 a Q a.m. Hey, all your horse racing fans and poker fans Pomp and O park racing and poker is all the punching action you could possibly want maybe even best you'll be there this weekend Located just a half mouth and both I-95 the turn five Pomp and O park is easy to get to invest a ball Pomp and O park offers you free admission and free general parking every day of your life Life harness racing and our smoke free poker room are open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like today poker gets set away at noon goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 725 and a bm Every Monday night. It's Monday madness in the top of the park restaurant a 6-4 with 2 for 25 dollar dinner specials in Don't miss out on our $1 nights on Wednesday when draft beer so does hot dogs and last more just a buck of P starting at 6 p.m. Tonight the top-trotters in the country battle in the opening round of the 125 thousand dollar Maclimel Trotting series feature a track record holder hell of a hush Unbeaten don'tster million dollar winner Abby Rhodes see a newcomer just his haul and then tomorrow It's the opening round that he took in fifty thousand dollar electric print pacing series Headlining the field is last years winter. He wants it all North America's fastest pace Your hopsync and where the money went is going for his fifth win in a row Top of no part lots of great racing nation and poker as well located just a blast out of a landing bullet of art on powerline road Sinal casting every day a night seven days a week to the current racing schedule 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000 around the wicked web Pomp and a park dot com This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 Everybody Brown and Brown a accountable for everybody Brown and Brown as a human being Disappointment but I got around those and I know where I did that was no rush to get them saved They don't broke in public in an anyway I did everything I possibly can There's no massive hole for the club's land Oh, what a job I had and as a vector of FEMA much forward and a wheel lou schools What the With all of just a gift of press out a town, everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is pake-pain, Over Hurricane gave us a bad day pc. For T.O.Con, so we shall enter to the area Like the giant republic in squaint james Through Jesus' full, shower lord and king. Brave Jesus for shower lord and king. Battlebird and compassion, what we in line. It serves the right to have less blacks And you to send us who say it's a national disgrace That you've never blacked in the first place This is no time to blame the blame game Since we know that through revenge and followed by days Who are not the right gunna all-round Light sky, the clearly-and-common, All-round, all-where-a-gaming, The America's right winged dream To base everybody, right like me And in the midst of a hill The human is just from the ocean of the ocean How are you standing by the ocean, And maybe in horses, I'd rather do that than watch floating horses On the negligent herd of her niles And I'll keep going down and keep by nose, Right! 1046-14-11-a-Q-A-M After Franklin covered, Neighbor Tom will us to the Jefferson's dies at 77 Any other? Tom will us? What about him? Sand? Yeah, it's just something. Franklin covered portray George and Louise Jefferson's white neighbor In the sitcom which ran from 75 to 85 In the rule he was an interracial marriage with a black woman What got what's her name? Don't know, all that. Hullis is covered out of Mimonious Sunday The actor's home in Anglewood, New Jersey Right across the street from 10-Fly He'd be living there since December 2005 While recuperating from a heart condition He was 77 but in children's screen Nearly 76 decades as credits to food the Jackie Gletian show All in the family will embrace an ER He also perined several films to food the great Gatsby About that Tahaki fair, Bill Gatsby The step for wives and monsters Here's our full today which we haven't even got to yet Because that bitch called and everybody All whipped up about Burrass Mountain, Roxy Roker Can you move it along? Oh brother, how do you like to horse whip that bitch? Okay I recognize the voice Never had anything to say useful in 30 years 644 votes but then why should she be different from anybody? He always thought of stuttering heart Because you had the right response Have they ever had anything to say about anything Except of course alien alien Though you've seen every episode many times Which TV series will you never get tired of watching? We got the 644 votes sign fell 166 All boy, since in 89, star track 78 All in the family 69 South Park 61 Mashed 54 I love loosely 25 Cheers 23 Batman 14 Life 5-012 Lawn older 10 New York NYPD Blue 10 Friends 8 Sex and the City 8 Kirby enthusiasm 6 Mary Tyler Moro 4 That show really sucked the Jefferson's 4 Code Jack 4, Honeymooners 3 And canon 3 I wrote a fat man, you probably thought of over canon Because I like to fight the detective as well No, I don't like that man Batman, how could you not enjoy a Batman? 560, we searched for the perfect call They brought out a pile here that wouldn't you believe Once I start there'll be no stuff in me today How many QAM? Hello Hey, I was sorry to hear about Mr. Willis's sign But his wife's on the show Our two-roke was actually married to a white man in real life And her son is one of Travis Really? Yeah, that's right That is correct Yes, the kid did a information I know Excellent, thank you so much Yeah, that's true Of course, that's nothing to be proud of When he craved it's all brothers Get a haircut, Lenny God How many QAM? Hello Now Yes sir You know, got a scalp for RL Going on to the new hard-stern network As of today No, he was on last night Well, yes How are you talked about this? Oh, excuse me And the fact that he lied to his teeth about the numbers he had in the market And this market and he's full of crap as you Yeah, I thought she might've got a kick out of that A little mention there Over the world Like what he was saying right No, he just a liar Like Hank said When the guy first came to town Hank said this guy's a total liar He's always a BS in about his ratings And he kicked Howard Jazz when he was He's full of crappy The only S.E. Ever Kick was his own Right out the door of a very place he's ever worked Yeah, why? I've got to say those crossovers See you in the house and we're still some of the best radio I've got to see you guys Thank God for that Okay, we're going to send him like a half an hour Even a George and Josh told me this moment We've got to cut those real short because they're killing us 567.056 And that what you guys said? Oh, now you're tonight And I know the way you guys operate What? That's how we're going to see He lied to him He lied to him I'm just moving along Plowing right onto here today Just like Pau and him feels and hurting him sheep Ha ha ha ha ha I really should have encouraged you to watch it If you can stand about even half an hour And then you'll understand what I'm talking about It is just so Pau is a fast forward to you Oh, I agree there No, you'll never get that far Somebody QAN hello QAN Yes sir I'm just saying I wanted to see if he had any idea And Pau can have the actual soft machine to I got you and I think Okay, and I wanted to say what a commentary It is on the area that Congratulations on 30 years and you're celebrated By being up in Canada Good for you Yes sir, thank you so much Okay, see you around me Oh, I wouldn't I mean just listen to these calls We had here in the first hour That that's what South Florida is on It's not this show, it's not this station It's just what it is That's what you got What you hear is what you got Make no mistake about it There is no doubt about that That that's what you have These are people who are incapable of feeling Any well, you know, and it's such a chicken The end question where they always that way Or did it happen when they got to South Florida Of course lot of them have always been there So or maybe a rubbed off on them, you know Right, they're a hostula And New Yorkers or the historical Kubano Well, there's always some excuse for people Be behaving the way they do And acting anti-social And just being a bunch of blanzyman idiots Like that, you can't help it The longer you hear the more you become one of them Is that what it is? I can feel it Well, what did I say to that after I was here A short period of time that the more you're around To light people and friendly people The more you become like them And you're like colded or open for people And you tend to be more creative And when you're around nasty hostile people It tends to make you nasty and hostile And so I swear to you I'm gonna eat a while You have that kind of crap Well, that's good reason to get there a lot of there Somebody QAM, hello Hey, it's your good buddy and an anchor Now you're doing power Okay, it's now Ha ha ha Yeah So what time's there for all it? I haven't got any idea I think there's package Yeah Ha ha ha Yeah, let's be here I have to size your brain Like a ball bearing My sixth ever, my buddy and acryne and my good buddy and Detroit I never know I had so many buddies out there My dear good buddy from Guam, I'm gonna call it Oh, and my good buddy from Torino is gonna be calling this our honor to your Olympics How many QAM hello? I knew Yes sir Yeah with it man Let me grab it to that short hair for the past three or four years Well, thank god for that man See I told you I told you I gotta get a haircut And you find listening to me Ha ha ha Yeah, I don't care about letting you grab it Cause it's because it's right about paper's sank How many QAM hello? Welcome to your hour, are you? Pretty good? I got one for your pool Your pool, right? I've never really helped you So, they have any hillbilly's now we're talking I swear to you Actually, it's the best one line There's the other one line Now I'll take you to where to where to believe me I also There's no gay cowboy Okay, make sure you got your ears on now, buddy You got your ears on? A four Oh, there's a Sunday, we'll send you a talk off from Hawaii Can we say that? You're responding to a talk off As under Secretary to keep Secretary Shirt off In foam though, do you hear what the way he said that I think we should have dumped that Five, six, seven Oh, he said he was walking around with a shirt off For Aliello is a human, a lot of skaters and stuff In New Orleans he's talking about a lot of people walking around I'm sure it's off And they were made an interesting point yesterday Which I never really thought of because I'm very, very slow and old But the fact that all these thousands and thousands of chocolate folks are going to be like staying in Texas now See, Texas is going to sober well, mainly Republican That several thousand extra Democratic votes aren't going to change anything I'm going to stay wide-leashes But in Louisiana where they already have one of the very few seven states like Florida with one Democratic Senator It's been changed a lot Seeing a lot more good old rednecks in there Good old more Republican So they're not too anxious to let all the mislepper's of rebuild their homes They'd like to say them to stay in Texas Come to QAN, hello Yeah, what's up, Neil? Speaking You're hot That's me That's my name Thank you And you know, it made you favor Neil You use all your popular, all your powers to make sure And I'm watching Gloria stuff on the Super Bowl I have time show I'm going to need you to get together my good buddy I'm going to, man, Super Bowl is here Not to these folks, they're a little bit slow Come to QAN, hello Hello, guys, we can Neil Speaking Neil, what's up with the towel? Let's try to get a quick question for you I just got back in the country from Greece And I was looking for Moja with David on the radio What do you want to find him? No, no Mo What happened? What happened? This contract was ending in March and they paid him two months and said No Mo He said, okay, no Mo No, no Are you going to be going to the morning now? What are you talking about? I just wanted to know, if you're going to go to the morning Why would I be going to, well, what is his not being here after Do with me? He was not in the morning anyway He was on from two to four Mo? Why did they shift the whole thing up to 15.6 now? Yeah They normally do Well, they're not moving this kid, I'll send you that I can't get up in the morning for these grave robbers You've got to be dreaming Well, I wish I could get up in the morning for my grave robbers So it's all different stories Well, I'm out of the trail with Neil Okay, wait a bit, sounds like it 5 6 7 0 5 60 What is this guy talking about? Is this guy talking about Greece? Huh? It's a special day today, I think I think all the aroma, all that pollution and all that schmutz They're in Greece, if I could have surprised mine What do you got left of it, Jesus? All of places, I'd rather go to like a Bangalore dish than the Greece You know? Oh, God, I don't know, I just can't even imagine going Oh, yeah, but it's so nice there when he's, so the islands there All the, all the queens go to the island Well, let me like that Greek thing, me can host 674 votes on a pool, sign filled 165 I'm not going to read the result I'll see you second and then we'll have it How's that live today for this last guy who's been out of town Has no idea what's going on, I'm not guess what me, the way How do you like that? No idea, no idea A 2 to 4 is revolving dog because right now, mole mole This is the new Roger show Wow, wow, wow, wow This is your brain, who's in 3 to 4? Any questions? Hey, it's Howard, Howard David Welcome back to the mole, Howard David, a show Where we're drunk full of zany, but good clean family what? I'm here and you're dead It's a time, I did try to phrase You know that fight smoking things rapes funny Is that funny? What? What? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What did you require me? I require you draft your bans But now see here, right now I thought I was going crazy Drop it off, we found a thing You're like a thing Get to me Get to me Get out of there That's my go-house Hold that's my go-to kick up Tender I'm just a nobody, what a raping Like a sweet chicken, fuck that's why Go through the fence Get up there Get up there Get up there Get up there Get up there Get up there Get up there Get your ass out of that Sing to get a watch, he's in He's my soul by hand Go, go, go, go, go Get up there What are you some kind of fairy? What do you know about being queer and you moron? I've been right back to know the difference We're supposed to be talking about sports here This is sports radio over here We love men I'm just pouring on it I don't care To get paid by the building I'm going to make something out of this great paper You understand? You'll then maybe let our pull a link source It just out of my pants Okay I'm on my way It's a joke, ya moron Oh no There's mushrooms in my tent That's the worst That's the worst Who's the more important? I'm going to boil it I'll get it out You see more than me? Yeah Keep getting raked The joke is doing right away Thanks a lot It's about time Something And now drop your pen And I should drop your pen There's a smoke candle Get this up in the dough While you're watching gums Like this Or in the hot blick within your eyes Or like this Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah, look what you made me Don't take your pants on I'm gonna lie Who's the one I want my show? You're doing your pull I'll get over here Man, that's right Now come here I'll get over there Come here Come here Come here I'll get over here I'll get over here Go to the pizza No I did my skillful pizza go to the pizza Now see here I ain't go by by blow Go to the pizza I did my skillful Go to the pizza You only have one slice Footsteps and a glass star See if anybody's inside No Close it Close it Close it a little close I can't break that I can't break that I can't break that Oh You're a tough guy, huh? Why are you on a beat? Oh, I can't I see man Oh, he's on a beat Oh, I got right there Subway, except I signed I'm gonna hope See, I stand before you now Let me listen to my son Go in I'm going Go in Go in I'm going to have to Donner Mike I know her my Totally I don't know what's going on I don't want your totally totally Go to the pizza Go in I'm going to have to learn I'll never find me Go to the pizza Go to the pizza Go to the pizza I'll live you I don't have enough Go to the pizza I'm going home now I'll go and show you Watch out for Mr. Wipple I'm going to show you What's up What's up What's up What's up I've got about it That's what I say Because my ass Just a second Am I dreaming or what? Just a second I thought that was our own Spector I thought he's been wearing a hairpiece A last couple of weeks It's not Scared of crap out of me Brownie Brownie is But it would put about he's a A fond no, you know, talking crap Here's a fact It says I agree with you 100% about broke back mountain There's a gay man Day I thought it was going crazy Because everybody around me Especially the straight people It was bought into the hype What a boring piece of garbage The movie that's your really good attention Is good night and good luck Which is going to be on DVD And two, three weeks I'm going to be the first one to get it But it cuts too close No because it says that the people who run TV And movies are spymeless Fowards Evil and it comes to alcohol Excitedly is who we're in a closet Like Joe McCarthy Well said The original mission impossible It's on every week the afternoon Never get to it that That's the good one for a full day It's impossible And for the whole day it's awful Louie's a Tommy Do fairy What's Tommy Cruise Let's see could you put money pot on Flying circus on your pole That's really still running over on TVS I guess, hey, well there you go I'm going to pass thoughts I just got through playing that field Right for the first time in a long time Yeah I'll think about it It's long though The Andy Griffith show It says they show this on educational television in the south So John and Columbia And of course they probably get a good education from that Yeah, you're not just whistle and sexy baby I'll tell you Andy Griffith show I think that's easy Are we putting these on there And I just read these for a little bit A little bit both No Come any QAM hello I got one for your pole, Neil Okay Andy Griff That must have been my good friend from Penny and New York Wow Of course I ain't never been here But never less I got so many friends WQAM hello That's one of the better ones we had today WQAM hello QAM Fanny Yes sir Spoddles What is it? Spurdles Spurdles Okay, he's mumbling Okay, the Spurdles Okay, sir Yes, speak up, pali, speak up Stand up and be a real man Okay, sopranos are particularly just Ticulate do something man The sopranos Ain't never seen one I like still think some are got that VHS to take the book of Bromford together With the 80,000 best episodes Fussings on up here like here we five minutes Right, you tell me it's a I should see it I'm not quite lost a pair of those I don't want to see but there's no point now It was great that last time I got all the old ones there and at VHS Me right I go home all I'll recover that thing We're probably dead WQAM hello Faulty towers Faulty tower is F8.0LTY Okay Okay, I want to see that Faulty you want to spell that Josh F8.0LTY WSY spell that's Faulty Faulty is Faulty, he's over there It's happened away right now Great Though you've seen every episode many times What TV series will you never get tired of watching That's our full day Let's get about 4,000 out of all I'm serious I got to start out in this pool And the greatest thing I discovered ever Ever Y'all Well maybe not the greatest thing but one of them Top five Zillow.com Yeah, we were both on it last night How do you like your both on it last night Zillow.com lost for Wednesday The latest rage in residential real estate Customers clocked a free website with more than 300,000 page views From three o'clock at 1 until 10 a.m. temporarily disabled The site allows people to find estimates of home values Almost anywhere in the nation They can also compare fluctuations with nearby properties And chart value changes over 30 days Faulty One five or 10 years The Seattle base startup which has information on more than 60 million homes Vases estimates on local public records Sales histories and prices of comparable homes Other free web services Home values.com Recruisers to register before getting information But Zillow's don't have to do anything The site was started by rich Barton who's exphidi.com And the careers of many of the travel agent Should real estate agents also be worried The folks at Zillow say no. It's really designed to give you a starting point If you're not feeling well, you can add your sentiments See what you may have It's not designed to take the place to go into the doctor See that I said Zillow was planning to make money by selling advertising Let's home by as educate themselves before contacting Agent You just go on there and not only will tell you how much You just put in your street address near zip code And it takes your right to a photo of your hood And it shows your house and the ones around it And it gives you the value like today Which is kind of shocking by the way, but pretty exciting And by using all the homes around you and anywhere you want to look And you can go on that graph I don't know how much you played around with it And the Zillow too Yeah You can compare the property value and the rate That it's increasing compared to other places in your city And in America You can see how much you went up Even in the last week how much you went up Which is shocking to me I just I don't understand why You know what I mean? Yeah, I don't know I think it's time to sell Here's the fact that says Saw Kinsey last night Careful how you read that Oh Did you see the guy with a special talent? I saw that part I saw how that would be He completed the full act We don't want to The full Joyce act in 10 seconds That twice as long as I need What do you think of that? I didn't see Kinsey It looked interesting I need to start Like watch it from the beginning Cause I saw half of it But not from the beginning And I didn't make it all Well I'll continue Watch the first half of broke back Because I want to last half of Kinsey I believe me you do not want to see this I'm begging you Do not even think about it All right I will WQAM Hello Line one market down QAM Hello I don't know how you do it Okay I'll be for you to meet my call For the poll Family Guy Yeah Family Guy Okay You don't watch Family Guy No Yeah here we go Maybe you're on star Yankas everybody hates my dad You don't just take shit You're in the industry You're on a roll You really start to fin up in you And I think I'm a F**k How come as often we lost the I mean I thought was going to play something interesting And then click and away goes It was a steering wheel for real It's got for real Yeah the whole same old stuff You know I'll take your children a sellem Disemations Or There we go Yeah you know what I meant Often said about talking yourself Into something you can talk of a game But you can't talk yourself into ratings Or into having an audience Like the guys across the street You can create all the hoopla And make a lot of noise It doesn't accomplish anything You know This is like all the crap you used to talk about Kick and steering's ass when they were out against each other in New York I'll say it again Never even came close Not even close WQAM hello I'll go near our market down line one work this time Yes sir Tenoruses me I have to all these people that listen to you And they call and you would think that they hear everyone else Talk to you directly and they still ask for you Yeah Brother stupid can't you tell by hearing what they're saying Absolutely I'm a What a new year I hope you out with your apparel Yes I love Lucy show It's already on there Oh I apologize I just got seven votes Yeah I was just saying have a good day on Kornam Oh okay Five six seven Ha ha ha ha It is a great day Hey listen this is this is good as a kiss You are in the front What do you mean sarcastic It is a great day These are especially that bitch they call And they're that they're one of your people again You move it a lot So our nasty Yeah can you move it a lot to move you along Okay can you write back on a rubber raft Send you to library public it even in Kana I was poor as well I was got no problems of the room Blind date So somebody on a fair okay blind date Okay I see that couple of times It was a week Sorry But there and I see I'm not kind of sure why we do want to see it again Well exactly You know what I'm saying? Yeah I rate carb by our kills himself on plane We had a story yesterday But we won a little more information about And this story by David Ovali You know you're an idiot David And Chris the fact you work at the hero that's beef for itself What a jackass He was a mild-minded former rock band crew member Who spent his past four years Have happily running a performing arts center in the north Miami Beach Then last week Jerry George Dennis became the summer consumer hero When he proud his new forward to skip into a dealership Saturday Then torched about a dozen cars I'll police said because he felt he got a bad deal And he became a consumer hero Is that the way we looked upon him? That's not what I was thinking Yeah, I was sure there were crazy persons what I was thinking He said no to why he turned tragic when police reported Thursday That George Dennis had committed suicide But they before hanging himself inside a bathroom A board of flight found from a Virginia summer to Washington to LA Oh maybe he was in a Northbroke Maybe he was there with a Marlon swear Northbroke, Virginia Oh that's where the Marlon's are threatening to go next And then they're going to go to Akron and then they're going to go to Panian Friends say they were baffled about his death And they went last week that put George Dennis in the headlines across the country And all honesty I don't know anyone more stable in Jerry He was not to press it as best friend Musician Billy Yager I was at his house for Christmas we played golf to next day His body was discovered inside the laboratory about 420 p.m. About United Flight 209 after people noticed he'd been in there too long A 10-inch astronaut who he's secret service agent to break down the door George Dennis 5-foot 9 inch body dangled from a piece of his own clothing He was hung The flight was ever dendering and I stole George Dennis was taken away local hospital and pronounced date Now wait till the end of this paragraph this is what really crossed my ass After the leadership incident George Dennis was something of a momentary folk legend A Spanish language newspaper calmness praised him for sticking it to the man He became a hero on a and talk radio he told his best friend to cop on the scene Even jokingly said he wished he could do the same thing Okay, is this the take that any rational person head on that incident? You get a bad deal and so you drive your the vehicle through the show window And jeopardize the life of the people inside and set cars on fire and act like you're crazy person And then hang yourself in a plane All of these are all of these things I'm going David O Valley who are we are some stringer for an hero deal You can pay three bucks a column and well worth it at 10 a tenth of the price Speaking of that before the break Federal authorities said they found what they believe is a human skull in a passenger's luggage in a four-laterial Hollywood international report yesterday Boy a lot of strange stuff goes on at that four-later day or four to legal to travel with bones The woman was on links international airlines flight 203 from Haiti and said the scholars part of her religion Santa Maria ask Bill Schatter if it's a legal travel with bones Customs officials were examining her luggage when they found an FBI official said the skull had dirt around it Oh, that's unusual you dirty skull the proud 10 medical examiner's office is inspecting the skeleton fragments or origin authority The 30th of a minute of custody, but he hasn't been arrested. They're unable to save any laws been broken Santa Maria's an African based religion similar to Voodle which combines the worship of traditional You're urban deities with the worship of a Roman Roman Catholic Saints all a bunch of How's a rhyme This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 All right Rakeen's basketball Sunday nights at teens He founded a fending champion North Carolina Tarnios at a bank United Center Hurricane's warm-up structure coverage and seven if you can see He's a senior basketball player Right, you're right What the various numbers for I'm 16 You It's Friday You've been still tired of the same old restaurants try the cafeteria Oh, Pile Lea How much is that doggy on the menu The one with the barbecue tail How much is that doggy on the menu I'm sure that the chefs out of jail That's right No matter what the weather's like outside It's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria San Teria of Pile Lea We'll make your stomach stopped growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing Talk about delicious Mmm-hmm Your meal is always fresh We kill it right on the premises for a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price It's the cafeteria San Teria try it once you leave there religiously How much is that doggy on the menu The one that is fried in deep fat Please bring me that doggy on the menu And bring a side order of cats What run or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria San Teria of Pile Lea Where we give new meetings to the word That's food I'm going to tell you right now Mark this down 11 18 Friday for the 10th As long as there's a democratic party Fashes will always be alive in William America These are the biggest fudge of wind Strength a lot in Bergwifund had a pair of balls The Democrats from New Jersey He's on here supposedly interrogating brownie brown And he goes through this long song and answer about well You know I was in WWE 2 We weren't always able to protect everybody And you're not here to be the scapegoat to juror for anybody else And you were trying your hardest and blah blah blah Oh thank you San Teria and it's just a suck face That's all Forgetting about the fact that this man had absolutely no experience Was totally unqualified. It was not the one he's clung jobs Give it to another crony. That's all it was And people's lives were at stake Well, this guy was pretending he didn't know there was anybody in the convention Center and the yaddi yaddi yaddi and more worried about what kind of You know, where he was going to have dinner and what kind of sure he was wearing And his haircut and how he was going to look at all the other BS Totally completely unqualified And the Democratic Party continued to be in a big bunch of whims and whispers You can blame all the fashions to what you want But there's no barriers. There's nobody stopping him Though you see every episode many times Which TV series were never good tired of watching Signed Phil 170 we got 745 I knew we're going to do a thousand get a day And Josh is pretty pleased and proud I am Since the 101 star trek 88 all in the family 76 south park 67 and there's still a McClosard Mashed 58 I love loosely 28 cheers 26 Hawaii 5015 that man 14 Lawn older 13 and my PD Luther King curvy on 2v1 12 friends 12 honey mourners 9 sex in the city nine Marie telemoresho 5 Jefferson 5 even oh, what's his name died A still only got 5 no sympathy votes he no No empathy man from the audience no nothing cold Curtis ice cojack 4 family guides read the soprano's 3 cannon tree He's dead 2 wind in Congress. Did they care? No Faulty towers to Andy Griffiths show 2 mighty pot on flying circus 2 one for blind eight mission impossible and the Beverly Hill Millies Al-Rai So we got 2 of far Vice President Dick Cheney's former chief of staff scooter libby testified a federal grand jury They he had been authorized by Cheney and other white house a superior is in the summer of 2003 to disclose passivite information Adrenalis to defend the bush of administrations use of people intelligence and making the case to go to war with a rack according to attorneys committed with a matter and a court records Libby specifically claimed that in one instance he had been authorized and I evolved portions of they didn't still have a classified National intelligence estimate regarding Saddam Hussein's reported efforts to develop nuclear weapons according to correspondence recently filed in court by in federal court by special prosecutor Patrick J Fitzgerald no relation to Ella Beyond what was stated in the court papers say people would first hand knowledge of the matter Libby also indicated what he will offer is a broad defense during his upcoming criminal trial that vice president Cheney And other senior bush administration officials had earlier encouraged enough in courage and authorized him to share a class of information with journalists to build public support for going to war Later after the war began in 2003 Cheney authorized Libby to release additional classified information, including details of the NIE, to defend the administrations use of people intelligence and make the case for war How do you like that? It's a very long story. It's on our website. Sure it's on there right now as I speak is it not? I think it's not a big deal. I think it's a big deal. I think it's a big deal. I think it's a big deal. And if you're going to war, let me just read that again, put an advice president Cheney and other senior bush administration officials at earlier and encourage and authorized him to share classified information with journalists to build public support for going to war. Later after the war began in 2003 Cheney authorized Libby to release additional classified information, story it's on our website sure it's on there right now as I speak is it not yeah yes I mean how do I read all these articles here one after the other about Bush being a total liar but I will anyway Democrats come on to anything about it so you know why should I care right pathetic just for pathetic tragic if you fit her that lot in birthday you don't know what you ate already this morning but I'm gonna tell you what I'll be on the table right in front of you right now would it come right back up for non-core for a single patient I mean how could anybody kiss this man's ass when it admittedly he had not a clue hasn't got a clue as a matter of fact as you probably skip ahead of this other one here in the aftermath of hurricane Katrina Bush administration of fiscal said they have been caught by surprise when it were told on Tuesday August 30th that Olivia broken-law and floodwaters to engulf New Orleans but see here's that big but back to always stick at it's nose in there congressional investigators have now earned and I wouldn't have accounted for flooding from federal emergency official reached the home-line security department headquarters starting at 9.27 p.m. the night before in the White House itself at midnight the female official Marty Bahamande first heard of a major living breach Monday morning by late Monday afternoon Mr. Bahamande had rich to ride on a Coast Guard helicopter over the breach at the 17th Street Canal confirm the extensive flooding event telephone is reported to FEMA headquarters of Washington which notified the Homeland Security Department FYI from FEMA said an email message from the agency's public affairs staff describing the helicopter flight sent Monday night at 9.27 p.m. the chief of staff of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chirtoff Mickey Chirtoff and recently on earth investigators conditions the message said are four more serious than immediately ports are currently reflecting finding extensive flooding and more stranded people than they had thought also number fires Mickey Brown downtown Brownie Brown who is the director of FEMA televised on under pressure somewhere 12 September 12th said a telephone interview yesterday and that he personally notified the White House of the news that night though he declined to identify officially spoke to White House officials have confirmed to congressional investigators that the report of the Libby break around their admitted night and Trent Duffy the White House spokesman acknowledged as much in any of this week though he said it was about a worth conflicting reports but the alert didn't seem to register even the next morning L. President A Alfred E. Nillman Jr. on vacation in Texas was feeling relieved that New Orleans had dodged the bullet this later recalled Mr. Chirtoff similarly confident flew to the state to Atlanta for briefing on Avion Flu with power out from high wins in movement limited even news report is in New Orleans to meet unaware the full extent the Libby breaches until Tuesday federal government let out a sigh relief when in fact it should have been sounding an all hands on deck around the investigators have discovered the chain of events along with dozens of other critical five points in the hurricane between the saga as for the first time in laid out in the tail following five months of work by two congressional committees that have assembled nearly 800 thousand pages of documents testimony interviews for more than 250 witnesses investigators now the document takes to print once some of the fundamental areas and oversight said combined to produce what is universally agreed to be a flawed government response to the worst natural disaster in modern American history on Friday Mr Brown is about we know he's a but a week but a woman is sucking his butt there is no question my mind at the highest levels of the White House the understand our grave the situation Mr Brown said in the interview the problem is that was the handicap in your FEMA was turned into a division of homeline security in 2003 the real story is with this new structure he said live or more things done are what prevented or delayed Mike Brown from being able to do what he would do what he would have done and doing any other disaster right part of it being that he was totally unqualified and compassionate that's part of it but always covering his own ass and that and that maybe that's a good thing maybe he's going to put their ass out there in the line where belongs and then I'm a crack you're going to say well we know the president wouldn't intentionally let anybody drown or yeah right right yeah right he'd hold their head on just oh no what to me tell us they all in chocolate people they're who don't vote for over public in any way god five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singer rather i just interest first these eight hundred stories they got about the bush people being a bunch of liars nothing we don't already know that and then impress me to a bunch of us disease so many q a m hello hello yes sir are you doing alright you know you know there's nothing there's no difference between these two parties and the all political theaters are showing us yeah it's all of us a cramp nothing's going to happen till maybe four or five years down the road when we go through a depression and then the third parties going to come out and then the democrats are going to block that third party they're both worthless and we're in big trouble well said i'll i'll we should best of luck up here i'll say a prayer for you thank you okay i'll leave at you cross the ambassador bridge next time i'm in detour in a good friend it's a super cool oh man i don't know i don't know what they're smoking today but you sure got left out hey i'm right here i'm not just gone talking about that first hour green acre is funny is smiths is yeah okay jansson what it all you're going to get that on right away okay okay porkey about it what are you doing with the women's thinking of getting porkey so the one not really taken a different position i was one of the answer the question and we're looking at the oh yeah we don't know who's that what are we looking at video tape about what's that is uh somebody all there's uh probably your president's getting on yeah everything in the course one deep to the house for public in conference and i'm sure we'll have to pre-emptive series here in the country that would go you know some of the propaganda for your president because that he's got his own show now every day whatever time he wants this is real rubbish this is five sixty two eight every Wednesday of three thirty talk and he ate my only basketball with the voice Eric Reed exclusively on sports radio five sixty how are you yeah you got you take the thing up and take the thing welcome and do an awesome for something green oh she's a no pickle she's digging down don't flicking at me take the thing hey cowboy is that a bully that that's just too much horse and wrong yeah you like saying gay sailors i mean right ridiculous love of thirty two five sixty wqm is part of that agenda again man it's the left wing agenda that homosexual communist agenda you know what i'm saying we're gonna move it along no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line courtesy to my dog from gasp season day be it for Len and Troy Lenny uh crabots and Troy uh eight men seven clock tonight at a kid ten o'clock double to Q a m hello he oh yes sir he did me a big favor maybe probably not play the gout or rock for me right now see he sent the facts and that was enough yeah now and I was got a call in in the start you still got a squeaky whiny voice in get a life okay maybe if he sends a letter yeah send this a certified letter okay and then we'll consider we'll pacify the committee George will take it up with Joe Bellers big lunch on Monday see if Joe approves five six and then you will call uh Joyce there she'll say no no nobody can somebody who a m hello hey um i just need to know the website you're talking about the first call the below dot com zillots so that's what is it again zillots? zillots is the i l l o w dot com i'm requesting you what is it like pillow but with the pillow zillots the i l o w w dot all right great thank you very much you bet it is so interesting man if enough to make you want to pee in your pants it's just I can't believe it i mean you just punch in here it is right here zillot dot com punching your address in your zip code don't even have to put the city just zip code and but i'm being and a lot of sure you how much your property is uh estimated value right now but the chart you know over the past however long you want to have the chart right or 10 years whatever and how much it increased and value or decrease in last week and uh you're next door neighbors across the street and down the road and all of a sudden stuff and who's doing home and whatever fabulous see every now and then we find something good on the internet W2AM hello 2AM not there W2AM hello hey new yes sir oh anybody okay you know it makes me sick what makes you sick sir that's freaking president of all the flying around the country and f was warning they would pay him for his fuel it's dowry and everything else for that fuel for more than every minute five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty i guess out of really agitated in the angry dinner all right now american properties just you know they're they're in la la land just like Diana said network which i still say is the most significant movies ever made one of the most precious movies ever made even oh Josh's two ignorant to understand it five six seven oh five sixty and it wasn't interesting was the Saudi deal we want the Saudi deal stop not who did mall not to stop the Saudi deal Howard dealer rather than democrats coincidates there were our need deep in telegrams there were uh what he said it were like uh drowning in telegram something like that remember that the Saudi deal and that was 72 was the effort that for now we're 72 or 74 or 76 one of those ticket pick i'm not sure seventy five hundred seventy two but early seventy's over thirty years i could find a third man i had this time petty jasky and here we are married in the same crap today being prisoners of oil and just like net babysit there is no rush or a no you rest there are there it's there only i'd be m and x on and the seven things are buying uh seventy six like i said it's like ever dying over the box right now the world is a business misdevil we don't count your insignificant people to money here that nobody cares about your life your insignificant the world is a business we got the biggest trade deficit in the american history right this second right this moment we've got the unbelievable spending money like it's been coming out of a faucet somewhere took the largest largest surplus in history of this country in turn the biggest deficit in like uh couple years and in the you know and the business about the war in Iraq well guess what who started that who invented that well people are drowning in surfing in homeless and running around shluff and trying to find the our way to put their life back together again couldn't care less these are not the constituents these are not my uh base as he said in that movie that will be should have been on the podium today for a night and all right let's do it because you are having yeah do over to pull because every time it comes on i can't shut it off little school kids old grandma's people in swadling clothes everybody from post to post in pillow to post should be forced to watch that movie 24 7 25 8 round and round the clock and they watched it they still went out there and voted for a bozo for a lying sack or crap probably some of them did and then not enough of them did today you know fixed the result again two fixed presidential elections in a row and a public is like boom boom old jeep Kelly Clarkson we've got a big hit out there now Kelly Clarkson my ass was speaking about that very man i think what did i just say the other day i was challenging Josh to give me an artist who's going to be you know in the last few years going to be remembered for their music for a long long time like all these people from the 50s and 60s and 70s couldn't do it could you not one and you want to know what the proof is of that what how how media equity is where it's said media equity that's what America's all about now striving as mediocre as they want to be your president the crowd only wish he was media okay that would be a big improvement very mannallow you're fairie top the u.s top charts for the first time in a very 29 years this week with an album of top evergreen's released in time for valentines day that's enough i don't know what makes me more sick that movie that you force me to watch yesterday or you had good intentions you sent me a bootleg coffee there and believe me hey look with all the money you know something i you know me i don't drink even if i wanted to i couldn't would be in that bebees but right that was enough to start hit i was ready to buy hello what did rakey drink milk shake okay probably one of them from all these you know white zinfidone and you make mistakes from arby's and anyway i don't know what's worse that movie bear ass mounting or very mannallow which i'm sure he's got plenty of experiences that don't know god yeah let's do it up his alley the greatest songs of the fifties featuring versions of such tunes as unchained melody lovers of many splintered thing sold 156 thousand copies in the week in February 5th his low-end prior chartopper came into lie 77 with the double LP lie very lie his last album of scorer songs from copicaban and harmony released on the concord jazelabel picked at number 47 in 2004 and now he's number one very freaking mannallow it's not only a jinnie went through the city outmended the chart to number one it came on the chart to number one came on at number one here that yeah what about it but it's truly an historic occasion for both of a set of statement from arris arris the records found reclive davis who first worked with man low in seventy four the Grammy nominated mandee on if you're gonna play mandee right now i'm going to check my bacon from this morning oh uh uh uh uh uh added man below i've had some pretty amazing experiences my career but this one tops the mall i swear if you're looking up anything is possible Mary j. Blige's breakthrough jump to spost number two and it's been dueling for number one honors with uh jimmy fox's unpretentiful was split to number four jimmy fox can he sing or what is a matter of fact yeah i just i just got to a planet say i had it on the this before so i'll be as you know oh god somebody i'll be in prison for allowing it to be she's a very old area yeah that's the good version is it i'm sure it's better than the one he recorded today we have George bush very manllow uh fair ash mountain is uh allegedly the number one movie error or if it's not that it's a constant gardener which will make you constantly wonder how to end you've got sucked into watching it oh my god america where are you now the good name for a book okay we're right that book the dummy of america but it's way too late for that but america where are you like a bunch of lost children's man what they'll ever happen 20 till noon at q a m what does this happen with more than you right that where does your mind is right you idiot whoever told you that you could work with men what's your hired for just a help us does that seem clear to you to help us to help men who are going out there to try to earn a living you company man you're fairie series of big hits that was back in 76 now no one wants to hit they hold in that and sugar they won't in new day for my albums for my songs that we've got a no she like a banana like you fan both live in my channel got a no she like a banana oh my no you can't have a city of it I write the song I've got a hooker look size of yampers when I get a something no I need to stand you know hold my down on the kids my life is back in place and so I'm singing again and singing my schnaz in your face got a no she like a banana like you fan both live in my channel can no she like a banana oh my no she could have a city of it I write the song he's never long baby he's a hit you're fairie okay frank and Melbourne says and my me vice your pull the best you're whatever my advice let's hear it all right put it on it all right best you're ever he said yeah I think I saw half a one episode there we go okay anyway let's say you're important to bush lies I mean some stuff and it was not on this like stick on great yesterday after he made that idiotic speech but I say I had my finger right there in the middle of it back to me with pressure money on the white house to move a full more to more fully explained it's anti tourism strategy president bush offer new details yesterday a reported plot against downtown LA is evidence of success in forming attacks federal officials have revealed two years ago they believe that I offer it is in west coast follow up to the nine eleven texts had played a hijack in air liner and question what was then called the library tower but bush offering new specifics in the speech design of boost support for his national security policies of yesterday that the tourist operatives plan to use shoe bombs to reach the cockpit door he said nine eleven mastermind colleague shekma hamden had recruited in trade young Asian men to carry out the plot because suspicion uh... suspicions of Arabs were running high but that the plan was the real when a southeast Asian nation arrested a key alcat operative bush didn't name the nation or the operative but his decision revealed even the most incremental details of the report of plot underscore the effort the white house is undertaken recently to defend its anti-terrorism policies the details did little the counter skepticism from democrats in some law enforcement officials who have questioned whether the reported scheme had ever been put into operation before was thwarted it didn't go said one u.s. official committee with the operational aspects of the war on terrorism it didn't happen official city believe the library tower plot was one of many alcat operations that hadn't gone much pasty conceptual stage the official spoke on commission and an enemy sent the first familiar with the plot feared political retaliation for providing a difficult characterization of the plan that by the present the lies from the president mere Antonio Villagarosa whatever his name is he was stunned that the LA mayor stunned that bush revealed details of the court in terrorist plot without first relaying the information the city officials fellow reggosis at local authorities had heard some of the new information when they from california domestic security officials but not as specific sent by bush in his speech which was carried nationally on cable TV on propaganda TV i would have expected a direct call from the white house in velregos a democrat during a city hall news conference we should have been wearing the details must be for today we did not all know all the facts the mayor sought to reassure residents that the LA was safe he said the place in fire departments had taken precautions of high rise buildings including one single out by bush the reggosis said police had specifically evacuated security evacuation plans at the u.s bank tower decided evacuated evacuated and both there was no imminent threat to LA the mayor said flanked by police and fire officials credit c.s.a. accused bush of reaching far back in the time as part of a public relations for it maintain focus on his battle against terrorism and issued that continued to win in public approval bush's chief political strategist Carl Roe said last month that republicans and this use elections with seek a way to paint democrats is exhibiting a pre-911 mentality while program such as the war list of everyone show the president's toughness representative branch chairman described bush's features a political stunt meant to draw attention from the mongent criticism of the NSA's war list firetapping program and other questions about administration tactics i can't think of a government will reason to disclose these details at this time to the general public clearly the goal was to create headlines and chairman who monitor security matters is the ranking democrat on the house some committee on international terrorism and on for a first and as long as these bastards these facts have got the co-ordered willing and enthusiastic cooperation of the talking hit factors networks he's going to be on their every day spewing lies in propaganda and covering his uh... raccoon dumbass you can bet on it speaking of ass yeah don't ask them or tell a long island pastor with charges today with sexual abusing his three daughters hmm along island pastor with charges yesterday was sexually abusing his three daughters at their queens home allegedly having intercourse with the eldest of the three teenage girls twice a week for four and a half years oh my god queens district attorney Richard brown hoops said that says name all right so the pastor was arrested and charged with four counts of incest two counts of endangered welfare of a child and two counts of sexual abuse in the second degree news days withholding the identity of the past and protect his daughter's privacy what allegedly happened to these children is every child's and every mother's worst nightmare brown said even after the physical abuse is stopped the consequences said sexual assault for victims are profound and can result in emotional trauma from which they may never recover between July 2001 in January the pastor at sexual intercourse with his eldest daughter who now is about 19 about twice a week between September 2004 and June 2005 allegedly sexual abuse is two younger daughters 17 times at the time both were less than 14 years old Kevin Ryan a spokesman for brown said the abuse came to light after the eldest daughter confided in a cousin who then told an uncle who then told your mama eventually we're got around the girls mother she passed it by voopus and on the pipeline the pastor was arrested shortly after midnight was awaiting a women a queen's criminal court yet later late last night he couldn't be reached for comment there what what kind of comment would he make what comment a pentatocomet a man a man had minister who said he knew the pastor through a church church organization called a woman gracious person the whole thing is very sad to hear the minister a warm and gracious person just like that he turtle clown John Wayne G.C. that's right always the life of the party there's a larve real laugh riot god five six seven oh five sixty pound five six year the Verizon singular wireless line but you've seen every episode of the zillion times what TV series would you never get tired of watching we got eight forty five on a poll that's kind of weak you know i i didn't put this one on a little midnight last night that's why oh well see that's why it's a little short still short my sign fell to oh one simsons one eleven star trek 95 all in the family seventy nine south park seventy two mass sixty two cheers twenty eight i love loosely of twenty eight why five oh seventeen batman fifteen law and order fourteen curbrian enthusiasm fourteen and my pd blue thirteen honeymoon who is there eleven family got ten mighty python flying circus ten six of a city nine soprano seven forty-tower six the eighty grapids you'll find married ten and more sure five the Jefferson five still so many things in co-chinkley in spite of the fact that time what ever his name was died the next the upstairs neighbor tom was it tom was was murdered at the rocksy of oxy rocksy and that's right she is uh... many crevices mother right we talked about that lie day four co-jack four can and three green acres two might be vice one so that they will know mission impossible one and the Beverly Hilton is the level of eight fifty one i'm sure i have like thousands of additional shows on here by the time we're through all my thousands probably uh... got with the eyes will call in for the part of the family well we just put it on right now okay we're in seventy two a.m. hello yeah about the octobles for your poll how about it and if your door to the left and then it is and it well at least you got a little bit of motion less good that's a good start okay it's excellent because like how it feels said i don't know what to tell you to do but first you got to get mad member that yeah first i got to get mad i don't know what to tell you about the Russians really are crying but i listen to me television is not the truth so turn off your television said turn off right in the middle of the night that's a looping right somebody pick up our place be a lot of somebody to play in hello hello speaking you know i got one for your poll yeah family guy somebody said that nobody put it on your okay thanks now we did not put it on your Joshua's busy eating again or something as i just read this well you see it it's got 10 votes come on Josh get with it yeah we start and up again it's on there it's got 10 votes like her yeah by the way all your stories are there for you sweet good good to go is they say good to go it's going out to the big oh it's like when just like when you had too much food the other day we're both good to go and did some of them yeah we had to oh we had to wait before the day before well i was started with a melting pot that just we were not hurried things along i don't know what inspired it but something later today we'll get our sloppy sausage oh yeah i forgot that we're going to stop these sausages today from momma down the maker and both order the you're advertising working you're talking sloppy sausage at all the time the have to have a lot well there's nothing like a sloppy sausage that's what they said then movie i just watched yeah we're on the butts find out if you tune in late don't watch various mountainy and mowities okay it's a piece of crap and i'm seriously at it that part of it is not even really relevant it's like that has nothing to do with anything it's not it's just nothing i mean they're not even like friendly up there in a mountains you know just because they got a couple of things there it that don't make them good buddies you know there were rough writers yeah obviously especially he's ledger that's what what's in a Michelle Williams said the same thing that was you know that was so sad and of course obviously the message was that he you know i mean but that's what's going on but that's been done in movies before we're going to know about and i understand them and we're so great to it is such a piece of garbage man it just makes me but then again a very man low can be number one you know why not why not as mediocre as they want to be the great american desperate search for mediocrity and guess what we found it oh yeah w2a and hello oh i'm talking you're speaking me all i heard for all the scoring yeah i'm serious yeah he starts at uh five to eight tonight yeah he's got married didn't you hear that and night in a while poor baby why i feel sorry for her baby i don't know boy i feel real sorry but it's always been you can play an old song bit for me maybe it was a kid that called and he kept laughing when he kept hitting that a button i'm gonna lie when that kid was laughing this is you wait for this is you wouldn't in this forever john no this is a he just what he wanted his boyfriend so this is a this is George saying it's not him all right Jesus i George apologized okay i don't have a great weekend sorry sorry George just said everybody's wearing their own okay no well i i i i i i you're my me i i i that's because you're yeah right cut it out you wish what do you want to hear what is that thing you talking about the red dot the phone call okay yeah i don't mind playing that's what you call jackman scab riddle and his 14 boyfriends and if Josh would just put family guy i knew that we were at the court up to date get what if you knew Rogers that's him those this is five sixteen two eight this is Mark Morgan is the twelve to one hour on q eight down and we don't need a baby don't need a baby don't need a baby don't need a baby don't need a baby you're so right you know sorry yeah you're boy so you're show if it's punishing but a record or something anything I can still make so i don't care if i anything can't dad it just play anything can't stop it why does that be the king of journalism now is this being the king George that's right i'm the being the king I know i got an interview you it's a big deal and stuff but can i ask you one thing who are you but i think i am looting brave on a spot hold on a dot the place i'm flying on a dot on a dot on a dot on a dot on a dot on a dot on a dot on a dot just like that family guys got to go to school you put it on there already follow the food your show up how's your softy sausage the sloppy sausage is phenomenal for a little sloppy yes and i'm making a mess you need to wear a bib the size of like a bed sheet wow now like what's on it chilly and stuff no it's like it's like a sausage parmesan but it's a little bit like instead of having the whole like a sausage patty or sausage's link no the sausage's links but they're but they're it's chopped so that you can actually you know get your mouth around and easy and they brought enough food to feed the Chinese army and it's excellent thanks to John the Baker we love you guys and i got one of those giant garlic rolls of the size of Josh has had right we've got a bigger head in mind also the size of uh... kinkable campers 50 said send us your consent exactly five six seven oh five sixty see at least he could anyway be sure to tell our joe bell i'm under at least we get to eat good even though you guys are getting paid peanuts we've worked for you you're getting paid peanuts and of course the shelves make a mess too so he's probably not too happy about that be sure to tell him about all the stuff that's gone over the seven i want yeah well it's got to have to be about a five part luncheon and it's up but the fact that yeah you better be sure to tell him about how we get screwed over all the time because we don't with sports show and because well whatever got any q a m line one hello if you sir anybody can mention the prisoner there you go i got a lot that i got them all sitting in the other room thanks to George that's the good one i can watch that over Patrick McGoons okay watch out rovers coming the prisoner electric McGoons hey Patrick how you doing McGoons yeah i have a watch to mulligan though i've watched about five of them you send me that whole set and they're sitting in the right now by the way i i'm a little i don't know i shouldn't ask because it's you know the answer anyway i'll make it up remember i bought that new samsung that would the uh vbd player right tv sent from i ac tv and it's got the special connector whatever i like all i think uh the us video no no no no it's not us video you i thought i was a little funny daddy this video is uh older than the thuslan now i'm just asking no it's the new uh connection core whatever that's right you have to have uh for hd but digital coaxial yeah something like that but what would you know about it because Josh and boy you're the same yet right but the fact is that i when the new hd disks are coming i i guess the easiest way to find is by one of them and uh you know why i think it should say on it because uh whatever format it should say what format it is on there well though you know you don't follow what i'm saying in other words that this dvd player was allegedly made to go with my samsung dv mahd sent i say following right and that's why i got that adapter thing on it and it's but but the fact that it matter was until they come out with hd vvd's the quality is no different it's still the same right and of course it's very as not in which you see me it looks like it was a shot through uh 14 lights and somebody who got it with a handheld camcorder the back with the other with the other one you know something that was an improvement for the poll 77 sunset strip you got it got it 70 sentences from i i hate to say this could jakele on haul you know he's uh i'm not a bad looking guy at least in uh done he dark on i was a little long in the tooth for you he really looks like and he's got to be the right saying don't shoot till they see the whites of their eyes to be the guard no he looks like jf coin are you on your job i don't see that oh yeah you're well here you saw this movie which well maybe that's the reason you ought to watch it see me show what you mean's a boobies and my show and then have the ways i understand oh and why haven't got to a hand-hathaway yet really and i don't think he did you're here you could be wrong about that yeah she rolls over maybe i see no that no you got that that's he's like all the way to me hello you got happy front it man how about LA law for the poll okay and you were talking about the film making rose before and just came out on dvd i can't imagine why that is you don't think i've had anything to do with their pro-back mountain do you know i just a coincidence i like bush making that you know i'm not going to say that right absolutely now would you see making love absolutely yes sure did not i am a very back a lot of the no i did not but yeah i think i'm going to say it and i think i'm going to say it i think i'm going to say it i beg you say it your eyesight was to i was not even some day i will do it thanks a lot thanks bye bye well there you go making love just came out with michaelon keen and uh Harry hamlin and k jackson very henlish Harry hamlish and Marvin hamlin i think it is a really bocs me as Marvin hamlish i don't i don't know what it is i can't stand i don't know who that is huh i don't know that is Marvin hamless the pianist what was that he did the jazz of what was that song that's got joplin song the uh the other way i don't know that i don't know that i don't know that i don't know and song the entertainment it's Marvin hamlish but you know who that is with the glasses and real geeky looking guy i do know oh i'm very Jewish i'm about this guess what this is right i'm Marvin hamlish that is good yeah this is it let me guess who this is i'm seeing the camera i'm trying to read it that uh i hate it i'm pretty question oh come on you q a m hello q a m hey Neil how are you sir okay little idea uh this George does make much uh money as you say uh and i don't know if anybody who does the like George and radio or hot Curtis for that fact uh how about making it on a very small circle of friends how about uh putting most tastes at the queen of those and getting George an hour and Curtis an hour oh right hey go that's uh this is odd there you go and the most of it make a little bit more money because everybody loves it there's a next guy okay i'll tell you what i think i'll tell you there you go there's you answer you talk to you'll make a presentation on Monday that's the most money that's pretty good yeah i think he was making a few bucks absolutely but nevertheless plus he could pay it off to the middle of March no mole and you might also find out who's going to be doing two to four i'd yeah i'd like you would you have to be stringing i have to i can't stop it's neurotic repetition it's just like he fledger would at uh electro that whole deal you know that whole neurotic repetition have to stop must stop i don't care what they put on i'm not involved in me twenty hours a day you know it's all sports do whatever you guys want and that would my blessing i'll promote enthusiastically and heartily and verbally and even if i can't stand it whatever it is alright well i mean yeah i don't want to get involved because they don't they will never listen anything i tell them because i know nothing it's always been that wind it always will be especially this radio station i know nothing well it's about twenty figured it out okay thank you wqa and hello excellent and so far our many with children great great children there you go listen i a couple of weeks the reason why bus keeps doing this they've taken them out and nobody says nothing what do you guys do you know when how it is you know when he says he's exactly with political uh so he did that on the national convention for the democrats they were the revolvers are twenty to see the reaction on all the democrats when again the same you know the re-lipers and the i do it and then the key working the democratic party of the anti-Christman with the there's the handful of exceptions they make me want him to put we're taking a few uh i don't know if you know how to download the firefacet and i don't know how like you just press a dollar button and that's it that's it and yeah if you say you can give you the microsoft or it's true or the internet is true i hate that thing but it's the devil do you have to handle it you're computer no you can't well yeah you do you can't get rid of it no you it's only when you buy that's a bill gates uh the the anti-Christman's six six six is on the serial number and uh well great is that in no matter what you try to do you can't get rid of it yeah well i didn't know how to it just uh i thought that the uh microsoft is poor well what do you mean you don't have it to i thought on your desktop and you click on that instead of yeah yeah just uh just don't ever use it or the others are very convenient to use it make it your default what brought around to the option for the i don't know you know i don't know you know okay that's okay that's what the next on tep talk we'll tell you how to clean your cash that's right how to do anything how to wipe whatever it is you need to know for days pull or here's a list oh boy monk say elsewhere and so don't drop it i can't wait for the new show comes on body wash so for all was on a steering chair this morning said i was on a while we don't ride it and we dominate the market i didn't realize it was a team effort no need to do to anybody else i just didn't know i just didn't know you would the dominatrix yeah he is so i i don't want to say you know there's a lot of people out there who are dazzled by his BS about the gravity wash yeah yeah he left me limp and you know i've never encountered anybody the only person who even close him was like Alex Bennett only Alex Bennett was and constantly in a hallucinatory state except Florida but he's one of those people that you can just can talk to him i mean he's coming in a morning i've got ready to do my show and he you know did the show and they're still there he come into a break and like uh and i would say something and he would like and he just he would still be mad on the way out he would listen to a word i told him i'm not trying to give him a little lie yeah and they try to like steer him in a right direction and he's steer his own ass right out the door like he has everywhere he has ever been now the last week he's got not been on serious i mean he's probably not going to get canned for language or whatever although i noticed there from what i'm reading their tiptoeing line because there's still under a lot of the rest you know that pink dress but uh he just he just has a death wish this guy you know in addition to which i don't know what i don't know what i don't know what the act was there except that by package and to be indeed isn't that basically that's something up at about a half dozen words what was there is there's anything i'm missing uh last somebody who listened yeah they were that's what you know i don't know no it was not a sports show whatever what crazy you're absolutely and i think that this guy did the Atlanta trasher is hockey played by play for a season i just i'm trying i i know we had some audio on that once upon a time and i played it and i was just aghast and by the way those clips are not only lately he's starting to make some inroads he sounds pretty good it's kind of hard to pick and choose when there's just like clips you know but at least he's nice out of good i think i booked them off a little bit always leave it to me it is then here i got time long on one of those the best player in the world he's here you go laughs he go like good commented it's coming so let's get hockey into story here in my pile that bet's he's story that's a great headline in front of New York Post as much of a crappy uh new report word out of a new paper that is it's uh they in the uh have some interesting crap especially the front page bet's he would at big he knows needle i was hanging out there over to this wight show launch his anti-bird flu campaign and i geore this kill all the birds okay should have heard from Jesus or flip a bird for a bush god he just makes me want to vomit that would be good to all what makes you feel her uh bear and quick christ this audience i'm sorry i'm brought it up and it's your fault because you don't want to send me the copy that movie if i if you want to send me that i never would have watched an hour and i wouldn't talk about it no more long way yeah move on i'm gonna get off of this bag stuff i'm ready and let me say it again that that part of the story is quite frankly uh you know if you can even get that far and all i'm not that significant because unless something materializes later on that i miss i mean there isn't even a slightest like like a handshake when they leave at the end of the summer up there in the woods man and all that cheaper than uh and all that rolling around in the tent uh there's not an end money to make some come into a pitching attempt that was ever as far as i can yeah no seriously there's not even a slightest for like a a wink a smile a smirk like uh pat on a back like hey sure would lot of fun i do it again sometime or it's just forget about whatever you know you didn't even say it was the uh the booze it was the whiskey right that's a good excuse i mean even email her said it was the when i he didn't say it maybe the boats that was the extra scene remember the boats in the right yeah i think what he said is it was like ecstasy 1214 at 560 wqa okay valentines days coming up on Tuesday the last thing you want to do is spend the at this weekend shopping so here's a great idea said to pajama grand a pajama grand was the perfect way to support your wife or girlfriend or both and give them exactly what they're looking for should we see the best pajama is delivered in a hat box you'll love along with a laveter sachet a gift card and it do not disturb sign all for free setting up a pajama grand will be takes a few minutes but she'll think you spent a month finding it shop online at pajama grand dot com or call 1-800 give p-days find all the top brands from comfy to sexy great back and body gifts too all that's fast stuff that women just love plus the packaging is amazing so don't have to wrap it a pajama grand is the perfect gift and best of all they'll think of you every time they put them on women might be pampered and this is a gift that you'll both love valentines did a real still guarantee so call 1-800 give p-days or visit pajama grand dot com right now that's pajama grand dot com be sure to tell the new tour to the call 1-800 give p-days this is real rubbish this is 5-16 this is Randy West and as for our phone conversation i talk to Peter Northeastern today he tells me your real name is Neil Down and he's still an interesting answer that i've been here all night hoping she'll wake up i just hope that her daddy doesn't come in and you know he's gonna kick me out of this closet oh good long clock just went off she'll be up soon oh she just woke up and she's stretching her arms out oh oh i'm looking at it through this closet and i hope her daddy doesn't walk in because she's only a minor she's a year's old my favorite kind and i've been watching her all night and i know and if her daddy walks in he's gonna be upset get out this cloud no he's so too pregnant wake up wake up honey it's time to go to breakfast oh no it's just so we're not the closet oh well there are Kelly he's spent a hell of a lot of time in a closet as him and Tommy Cruz and John Revoltle all of the time i enjoyed that tremendously i'm passing that around and making sure that everybody gets so big that's how part of his own as opposed to this awful movie what you do is sloppy sausage to do and the things to do on the baker that is just see i have to go on i got mixed emotions about it because i don't want to probably be in the dive that it's a coma by right from the melting pot and the john the baker so you guys gonna join we can all know a couple of about it we'll make the youngy south right on the stacking sounds like mr ego are there any pepper corns on it no well i abroloss as he said bush almost a dozen times not more lies out from the white house oh geez jack-aid rock set in court spot is made public yesterday that president bush made him almost a dozen times disputing white house claims lies that bush did not know the former lobbyist at the center of the corruption scandal right the guys saw me almost a dozen settings in jokes with me about a bunch of things including details of my kids perhaps he's forgotten everything who knows they brought him off wrote in a email to him isler national editor for the Washington Honey and magazine abroloss i did a bush also wants to buy them to his Texas ranch maybe it was going to be there with the uh towel band guys or maybe we'd banned our bush or both the messages are made public by the american progress action fund a liberal activist group isler conferred the accuracy to writers but say they didn't intend to become public they reflect the feeding of frustration he has not just with bush who do all these vines guys and they didn't even know him it's kind of like uh cany boy lay member who cany boy lay we don't know him abroloss he to get the defraud charges in early january squopting with prosecutors in a corruption uh probe that complicate lawmakers and officials all across the sea bush has said he never had a discussion with a brawl and doesn't remember having his picture taken with him right the white house has said abroloss attended three honic or reception at the white house the eyes were said he had seen five photos of abroloss but bush none taken at chonica party study art that scat McLean light again yesterday uh said the revelations didn't prove that bush knew him well scat McLean has got a how can he look himself in a mirror at night not just turn the line just looking like that you know what a jackass he's not very flashy rots in your dad but then who is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the horizon and sing it over to that look at those of people in the randards the cartoon controversy they're all like it look like high-little do do it and scat it for Friday prayers did chant anti-us anti-israelian anti-European slogan oh it took almost three months calling the final regained the results of the launch legislative election yeah actually they've been sort of this is the international election that I think it put nine fifteen hours ago make up that because they have to play for paper or wolf's uh barber is there anybody more insipidity on it than wolfless tree or in the situation room and uh whether he's jackafety jackafety must be so embarrassed to be on that thing you know he's got to be like hang in his head and shame he'll still take the money but he's got to be more emoticom to be on that thing with wolf bush rig in a situation room take that nobody under the age of a hundred watches CNN thank the Lord for that. Gretzky on the line reports a hockey legend is heard and Taid calls by authorities talking about his wife ties to the bidding ring and right at the moment that they're starting the Olympics over there in twenty you know uh well here is the headhunter of the Canadian hockey team I bet your Pat Clinton has been like a representative even who he is. Phoenix howdy's coach at hockey great wing Gretzky reportedly knew about a New Jersey gambling ring and according to the AP discussed on wiretap how is wife could avoid being implicated his wife Janet Jones see the New York star ledger setting unenblown enforcement officials said that wiretap conversations between Gretzky and Phoenix held his associate coach Rick Taid indicated that Gretzky knew about the gambling ring Gretzky was caught on wiretaps made within the past month old Wayne Vetsky old needle mowers who is as annoying as anybody who ever stalked the face of the globe. Talk at a former national hockey league all star was charged Tuesday with financing in legal sports gambling ring field be arranged February 21 according to the state attorney general's office he faces charges of floating gambling money laundering and conspiracy. After Phoenix's game last night Gretzky said he had never bet and said he planned to stay with the cowardies and attended attendly to an Olympic 16 candidates executive director. I'm not going anywhere he said I'm still going to coach the cowardies I've done nothing wrong said needs a nose Janet Jones griss he reportedly wagered a half a million dollars on games during last six weeks including 170 or an aside to take it back 75 grand of the Super Bowl near Pittons she even wagered on which team would win the opening towing cost coin costs. I'm going to start a ledger I would say that towing cost Joe's hasn't been charged yet. She even bet I wish to not that she's got a gambling probably want to stay and you realize that even a hank I bet you didn't make a two big of a bet I'm going to win the opening coin is that incredible or what? That's not. She bet a half a million dollars on games just in the last six weeks. You know when you got the big bucks everything is relevant. She and pay in the chain plan the quarter slots of your entire dad. At no time did I ever place a major in my husband's behavior period Jones said in the statement provided by the codeys last night other than the occasional horse race my husband doesn't bet on a sport she said. Law enforcement officials said talking collected more than a million Jones grits he and NHL players on name so far. Tockets been greatly evaporation by the NHL which is open investigation. There's no evidence that anyone including Jones grits he made hockey bets yet. Hockey players are prohibited for making NHL wagers. There are no rules that forbidden from placing bet on other sports to a legal sports book to aid legal sports book. Former L.A. King's order of boost me now has been four years in jail on bang front conspiracy charges said he talked with grassy Wednesday and wasn't too concerned. I think that when it all comes up and all said things will be quite a bit different has been the initial stages. I do like that. Bet's key. And Janet Jones. But you know something she's had a real out of the rest had you like to look like her every married to him. You know. Well he's making the big bucks and that's what I'm saying. Well I mean he's just grotesque. Nothing wrong with comment about that. You know, maybe he's got some talent when they need to lose his. Maybe that's what a lie about. Maybe that's what his appeal was to a Julie Roberts. Because there had to be something there didn't meet the eye. Yeah. She liked his music. Does that what was? Oh yeah, lie about love it. He was no Johnny Cash. I'll tell you that. 560-70560. A boy named Sue my ass. He bit it though. Town 560 and he Verizon signature to write us line. W 2 a m hello. So now. Yes sir. Do you have the shield on you? The shoe. The shield. Oh the shield. I said the shoe. The really big shoe. We're like. It's on the shield. You got him on. Oh, no. Tonight. Yeah, it was always like him. It's been there couldn't stop. Right. Had my finger halfway down. Anyway, the shield is on there right now. How about that really big shoe? I'm so glad that you got the chance. Wait a minute. I think he was not nothing. Was he? No, but I had seen put it on for me for. They're close to so later. That it's like this various amount of movie. I probably should have told you to watch it. Because my describing and I can't do justice is to just how bad it is. I'm serious. I'm there on the couch and I got like my two big pillows. My head dropped up and I'm watching. And like three times I had like practically smack myself in a head just not to fall straight. Wow. Yeah, just like that. I mean, that is just so ponderous. Let's move along. Let's move along. Right. Yeah. We don't want to get that who we have to all have said. Can't we move along? Oh, man. How'd you like to wake up next to that bitch, everybody? Oh, I guess you probably see a picture first. Yeah, exactly. I mean, could you bring her case? 27 pass known in five, 60, 72, I mean, I'd send that all steal us too. It's for real. What? By the way, so I've been given it some scores. See, how many tickets I know that me and you get the dooms? Much better go with six to ten and not in five. A jet dial in the cranky do. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bag. Stats on to tight. Don't chance I'll go with so what you'll. I'd rather die with the grab each and just uh... I... Why, I'll help you. No, God, I don't know if you've got to choose a Brooklyn High. I've been with you by a very party but you're not high, I mean. Me and all this that would blow. No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive, could one adhere a genital and pushy type. That's basically right that I should get more sleep at night I think we might be happy to get there I just figured out I guess a little slow today that took me about an hour to figure it out well a reason that a lot in the democrats are being so kissy kissy with a Mickey Brown he's small potato sea they're glad that he's cooperating there what they want to do is get them to start naming names that was just really some of the stuff he was the best in the world of the world of the republicans do they talk about again they couldn't get a crap like that they'd be quite party so they can make political hey out of this and about all the incompetence in the lies it's just it's more ammunition for the case which is fine that's good is to make it a case well you want some more ammunition for the case okay okay the former c.a. official coordinated US intelligence on the middle east until last year as accused the bush of administration of cherry picking intelligence at a rack to justify decision it already reached a good war and if ignoring warnings that the country could easily fall into violence and chaos after an invasion over throw sedan who's saying sounds to me like he was that's so we're going to repel our pillar was the national intelligence officer for the near eastern south as if from 2000 to 2005 acknowledges the US intelligence agencies mistakes and concluding that the same government possessed weapons of mass destruction but he said those misjudgments didn't drive the administration decision to evade a rack official intelligence at a wacky weapons programs was flawed but even with its flaws it was not what led to the war before our road and not coming issue the journal for an affairs instead he asserted the administration might to war without requesting an evidently without being influenced by any strategic level intelligence assessments on any aspect of a rack on any aspect of a rack it has become clear that official intelligence was not relied on in making even the most significant national security decisions that intelligence was misused publicly to justify this is already made that damaging ill will develop between bush policy makers and intelligence officials and that the intelligence communities own work was politicized pilot to our road the last critique is one of the most severe indictments of what has actions by a former bush official since Richard Clark former national security council staff member when public with his criticism of the administration's handling of non-lament of tax and it's failure to deal with the terrorist rep beforehand it's also the first time that such a senior intelligence officer has so directly in publicly condemned the administration's handling of intelligence I thought they were like we were like intelligent and not like afraid of the dumb who wrote that who wrote this yeah who's it about Walter Pinkus oh Washington Post all right so I want to look at it later no sorry I'm upset I think so I think I'm important I want to look it out look at it with my phone what I'm taking over the Washington Post that's the official false use of data on a rack it's probably going to be on the foot of mara with the cause of today's article so I don't think Josh is that quick well I don't know if you see them not want to hear about it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave horizon singular wireless line let's not find out about that so that we watch his bear ass mounting somebody who I am what you're doing okay movies uh and I know you know really necessary time I'll just measure the broke back mountain but uh uh if you can't move the kids in now the charges talking about that before we have neither one of the senior yet on my phone I'm sorry it's actually it's a pretty good movie I mean it's not fast action based obviously it's like that but it's really a good movie just forget how much of his work with some important back in the days and health back in the real real as they were being able back in the day sexually also I mean I know that don't press Brian to be any health but I would share love you here a little bit with now more in J. P. or sitting on the core somewhere and proclaiming pizza together talk about what I'm a little 18 so okay thanks paley thank you oh yeah booker Brian that chicken I can use some help once in a while just like that golden shower I mean at uh with my showers was a golden as perceless five six seven oh five sixty oh it's a bill Schneiderson the administration did foil and attack not necessarily because of wirecrafting that not claiming that because of international cooperation with countries in Asia particularly Southeast Asia they didn't name the countries but they said there were Asians in Asian terrorist involved still on the mayor kind of on the mayor and the police chiefer I'm only talking about Democrats here isn't this an election year I mean aren't they taking a shot I mean what would the president have to tell the mayor of Los Angeles that's something that had been foiled all the way to the god they believe this well I think the mayor of Los Angeles needs to know that there was a pot against his sitting right oh you know so they even got to this guy this guy if we see it internationally we got to him why would the mayor need to know that they could like blow up the tallest building in LA I mean you know yeah this is on a need to know face of my god you know something seriously CNN if there's anything it needs to be taken down forget about the towers and stuff like that CNN their tower must come down that's the only tower we need to worry about however they're transmitting this signal okay whatever technical equipment is putting CNN on the year all of the globe that yeah well that's sad like needs to be taken out of the sky now they are the anti-Christ of the media they were the sea fox even over the end they they they put on a week pretence fair and balance my eyes yeah everybody is on of them so they don't even make a p-tence of being right objective but these bastards here on this thing man between Dana Bash and corrupt Phillips and that damn verschillin ball's wife and then of course a loot dums and wolf-glof gang of Hitler blitz-gree I mean what were we talking about over here what were we talking about talking about fascist news is what you've got you people of the CNN bureau my am I'm gonna say anybody now gonna come there and pee on your desk cutie like that next time I'm in town I'm gonna come right there and pee all over your desk and maybe do a couple other members two or two and a three Lawrence Welch a one or two and a three I mean it's just pathetic what they pass up I mean this guy Jim Clancy on CNN National but I'm in your watching that network generally speaking always rip and motion asked but not that there's sign-all cash in this couple hours every day in the US now he's all of a sudden a kissy kissy with a fascist all of a it makes no sense to me I just wonder who's exchanging the big brown paper sacks you know I mean we've got a little brown sack the very jackass you know things that is bloony lunch in every day that's that's probably where the ticket they got some in there for Barry for the little something in the sack but the CNN man somebody has got to the somebody over there's got to either be on the taker to just the or just a bunch of car carrying knots you that's all I just want to see them all get on camera once in duty old boost step when that'd be great yeah yeah as long as they're in safety as a matter of fact I got to straight about boost stepping I bet you never believe that a million years so I didn't German this is in the online British Sun speaking of Rupert Murdoch German council used sweeping powers to color England fans doing basil faulty style Hitler in person at the World Cup okay we instantly banged up for two weeks banged up if they go step like John Clayson's most famous faulty tower scene and hardcore louts who give nasty salute like the one jokingly made by Michael very more in celebrity big brother could be hauled before a judge within 24 hours if convicted of insiting hatred they'll face jail terms up to three years wearing joke German helmets or any or any offensive insignia will also result in a stretch behind bars so I guess hope in zero as well be there right David the crackdown is revealed by police in Nurenburg where England will play Trinidad and Tobago and a first round World Cup match on June 15 the city is especially sensitive to WW2 jives it's gleaming World Cup stadium stands in the shadow of the parade ground use for Hitler's notorious Nazi rallies of 30s and there's a picture picture here of Michael Burham over the moustache the elephant doing the salute is cute the city was carpet bond by the allies during the war cops there say Nazi tons are not funny and will not be tolerated oh at least he care hard hop model a 59 year old former judge and mafia crime bus we said we will come down a hard on people using solid behavior make trouble we're very sensitive about our history English football fans should be aware that the Nazi salute and provocative behavior like goose sniffing and publish that will be punished all what do I tell you about those brits huh we will offer the warmest welcome to two football fans but in my glorifying extremism here risks to rest yeah I quite frankly if you ever saw the brits walk how do you tell the difference between that and goose sniffing oh what was a little bit more that over in fact they're version of that erasmus song said don't walk this way I think I did that anyway so 19 to one but if you can imagine you first is a little number I wrote the other day will not duck hunting with a judge right you very much the FCC you very much for finding me 5,000 bucks of food so I'm really having luck as all the higher the price was going to me so you very much the FCC improving the free speech just isn't free clear channels a dear channel so how it's done must go a certain agent will ask from dozens of his strong words and so his charging twice as much is all the drugs for rushly low so if you want to learn very much so you're very much the emissable for real rowic elicity on your torch for halibut and enron all the companies who have had let them a classic no acid marvers rate in jail she's an opportunity which haven't released he isn't well so you also very much you haven't got a lot as a concern judge us the pastey face of ours and as for condolences she's an intellectual judge so for you so very much he pia for giving all the mascas all the way it really is a summer when I can't fill my summer he owes us and now goes on now that almost here to say the new clear I'm going to take the last email so you also very much so what the planet fails let's save the great white mail so we grow says how about holding zeros you just got to play the theme there right but about it it's good on here so I have almost all the episodes on VHS my kids we like it too and the open syrup there you go let's see Richard Goss was on open zero right and right and seeing what those is in thing as this kind of her her her clipper oh her her right and bought her I get my verner's confusion verner's from Detroit which was the east of call a tiger pea verner's soda and it was verner von Brown and we don't have that do we the time later I somewhere is still my house you huh we have the right of on brown we got the Vatican rag but yeah we don't have no verner on brown somewhere got it there unless somebody steal it I always think of verner verner clipper isn't electric conductor isn't like is there conductor named clipper auto clipper okay I'll take your word for it okay 5670560 wasn't from the auto man empire and pound five sixty only verner's in singular wireless line that's one thing George knows man he knows his history he knows his hysterical hysterical facts but uh interesting stuff although that Christopher Columbus in Christopher Colone we had yesterday I was I was right that was what I think that he knew it was a little bit beyond my scope you know yeah it was the Italian was he Jewish was he Catholic routed in the street who really cares when he came right down to it but he told us like Shakespeare man was he like you know animal vegetable or mineral or was he bacon and how about Homer and the early in the Odyssey and all these other things you know oh oh that's the one W2AM hello maybe you got the kills maybe on your poem the kills maybe with uh yeah right we're not quite a guy and you're not kidding until the straight face hey you liked it okay when you laugh in a body like it was born and that's fine and looking for the theme I don't have it oh damn I bet you I got it I had it in the Navy and maybe blue that was that oh oh that's wrong the both of the graces that auto was heard his father auto climper was Werner climper his father well there you go she had told that wasn't just dreaming it put him on looking for um uh Mikhail's Navy here's car 54 where are you what I was a bed of a band that's show here's Hogan series but here he's but you already got it right uh bad masterson wagon train there's a hold up in the Bronx Brooklyn's Vulcan now invites there's a traffic jam in Harlow that's back to Jackson Heights that's it up oh I don't think our camera kills maybe either on here probably because nobody oh I got it oh how do you like that surprise that that see you ask him will tell plus it'll kill a few seconds anyway aren't you shocked that I have it TV's great is it that they'll see these TV tunes like I hold a bunch of these babies I think I need some new ones here you go but I thought about things just about that show you like this theme that's good about this theme it's cute little bit rousing and then the same thing that I voted for I'll tell you that about real let's go I'm gonna go this is a new red one I thought that every bus is by the way I'm going to ask you question was Neil has he the bro is only about a movie he'll return to the bat cave a wallback I'm gonna return wasn't I told you about that movie he returned to the bat cave a wallback it's kind of an original bit of movie like a show within the show right we do part of it is really good part of it is really corny yeah you can just sit through the core it's a movie about Batman it's a movie about Batman about the making of it the early days how they got together how they talk about the fact that bird ward and uh and a must we got a good a hate each other like yes yes man they don't just talk about it they show it they show it they play it out like a lucky battery I'll see well probably an enlist was up sick because I had like pan his uh you know his uh what do we win the boy wonder they are on piece stuck stuff in there because uh yeah always the boy wonder they can't show him through see I was not wondering he was showing through they had to put a pair of back it to graphic here okay for crying Jesus I think I've lost your effect in your whole mind you knew that young one baby but huh oh that's what they got into in the movie they're really reward now you tell me you've seen him lately oh good you will you see him in the movie see that's the yet the format of the movie is him and Adam West kind of flashing back they're flashing yeah and and they both look like old then bird ward is like a hunchback now well I know that I've never seen him both I'm a biography channel which is my very favorite safe head that whole deal and they talk about how they he did each other like poison but they were both chicken lot of action I'll say to that with women yeah no they they tell you that what is they were reaping the bounce of full harvest right no me this cause he had that uh let me maybe for all we talking about it tonight yeah that haha it's a matter of fact an out of his starting on series that's in the McGift package role is that it's warmest from millennium how do you like that the entire northern hemisphere's experiencing is sustained period of warming that is unprecedented it is absolutely unprecedented in the past millennium a few of arranged temperature records from a few rings and ice course to historical and historical documents is found that at no time since the ninth century have temperatures been so consistently high the study published in the journal science found that the late 20th century was the warmest period in northern hemisphere since at least 800 AD it fits in well known medieval warm period when finds were cultivated successfully in northern Europe and the Vikings exploited the ice free seas to colonized Greenland remember the Vikings that's yeah we're out there parting on that ship some of the ice board and Keith Briffa climate scientist from the university of east angley in north which analyzed 14 sets of temperature records from America european east Asia each record capital a relatively wide region such as northern Sweden or low countries of the Netherlands and Belgium and extended back at least several centuries 10 of the 14 records were based on tree ring data which went back as far as 800 AD one measured ice course from Greenland one involved historical documents from Europe and one covered the chemical composition of the seashells on these codes to the US the final set of records came from China and Japan use of variety records from ice course to historical documents are results show that during the late 20th century warming effect affected the internal of the hemisphere and that at no point in the past thousand years is the northern hemisphere experience of same widespread warming of warming warming warming warming the key conclusion was that the 20th century stands out is having unusually widespread warmth compared to all the national warming and clothing episodes during the past 12 years climate scientists have in the past 11th to suggest that the late 20th century was warmer than any time in the past 11th the study proves is now this was all about a shape about this order's that's key priorities you've got a new old guy that can't stand him Jesus I get spiel he's just seen him in its key nose man he makes Bob hope looked like had French chick with a phony face a group of 85 what's here I have much of a snowsing a group of 85 evangelical Christian leaders this week back to legislation opposed by the White House to cut carbon dioxide emissions kicking off a campaign to mobilize religious conservatives to combat global warming are you hearing this I heard a bunch of getkeys are of Christian getkeys go in the group which included mega church pastors Christian college presidents religious broadcasters and writers also unveiled a four page ad run in the New York Times that already did yesterday and a TV at hoops to screen nationally with God's help we can stop global warming for our kids our world and our Lord the TV spot be saying yeah food for Jesus that's right save the world for Jesus the campaign by evangelical is coincided with the call by the US think tank for the West to take immediate steps to fight global warming including working with other nations to be used greenhouse gas emissions the pew center all the early winter bad emissions the pew center always steps right in the pew center for global climate change said in the report that America's waited too long to seriously tackle climate change problem and spelled out 15 steps the West could take to reduce emissions it spews as the world's biggest energy consumer and the biggest producer of gas house so greenhouse gases were pollutant over here we're doing a big time and we are number one baby this is 255 you need to know how to get it I still listen to the one to two hours fight the Lord and now another verse of sub-leverity poetry here's a tale of lunacy backed by Scientology no brain cells left in Tom Cruise cupboard for they were stolen by El Ramm Hubbard when Tom speaks his mouthed phones affirming his love for kv homes up on the couch he jumps with key things he's saying remarkably his mind looks like a red-war mural for inhibiting kv and epidural he says others don't use their brain when it's time himself who is insane he calls Matt Lauer cold and clear when it's he who needs a dribble bit his lady friend smiles her coolest smile she's no smarter than bathroom tile the ice of co-satype is you perhaps he has the avian flu feel free of you must to disagree with the teachings of Scientology but on this my friend we can find common ground their level of brain damage is profound the facts are strange the future shady or crazy Tom and fiance Katie this has been another verse of celebrity poetry one o'clock in five six you have a few a.m. so I just heard the norm colon say balls to the walls and that said Mickey Brown really and of course normies to be our yeah he used to be normacince roommate in college really yeah a lot of all to the wall apparently here's a a facts from rosy says a few for the poll future ramma arrested development scrubs in twenty four not just get them all on there I got another way to can I play the theme to be a hint sure okay after this got presents now they still show those in some of those oldies channels you know yeah nick and night or right and whatever we turn those off because as we're all and a half an hour so that's an amazing thing about how unquited television is a lot of cases that they all or do like that super nice also where the other side of those two actors on there we're in a few more time I haven't seen it yet keep on that I mean you'd like to show us good no you want what what can I do you get out of here last week you told me you saw you was a good show is that what I said yes I said it was okay get out of here I thought I know what he's now he's backtracking just because there's a couple of how looking on guys that I sure right away oh I think it's horrible I think the why would watch I didn't even say that I thought it was okay I just said I would watch it again the George would like to I show us good give it a second that creepy stuff he likes that the night stalker things like that cool chag right cool slow right what's wrong with that what's not to like just because what's with the salmon day for whatever they're salmon Dean yeah it's very WB that's all I can say I don't you watch don't you watch this smallville no yeah I never watch episode of smallville my life who have I got him in a George watch this smallville I did but I was you were going to like those parts you like all of it I don't watch it anymore I don't watch it because watching the games on there I watched it because because you did oh please you watch it because I didn't know you know watch it because I don't I stopped it actually before you did I just got Thomas it was the same thing that way every week that's all and I bailed and but I didn't know I mean tell what I get a fine young man and he's according to normal can't gorgeous no I was saying that that's great but that's not enough for me okay I'm sure that the angle of her she's been a lot of movies that I don't want to see no no matter how good he looks you know was he don't look that good he's not he's not what you think he is but he is okay I like the speaker's smallville people tell me that it got way better but it's too late for me to wait for me two legs to turn back now not Courtney this brothers and sister Rose said two legs to turn back now but there's nothing wrong with supernatural it's a good show and why all of a sudden you'd like poop pulling and I have no idea I'll tell you what you know it's just how you watch supernatural and you watch the whole bear ass mountain movie I'm gonna watch the bear ass mountains together we're gonna hold hands yeah well good excellent and I got news for it that'll be a lot more emotional than whatever happens in that movie because it is oh and as uh look at that you can't get a job brownie exactly how will respond to it yeah there's that scene there and that's uh and that hanger in your port you bring the door to heck of a job brownie see but you're letting you off the hook you're letting him slide even though he was totally incompetent and just on numbsco because they want to catch the bigger fixie they want to nail the balls to the wall uh Rick and West Tom says for the pool wild wild west Sanford and son or Columbo or he says Columbo do do do do do do cute Rick Columbo Sanford and son wild wild west Christopher Columbo Christopher Columbo Mark the Lomo Columbus hey here's a whole big long list from Riley you want it no Vernon it starts with Leverna Shirley Vernon we're not being your fastest normal Riley you're done out of control get a life go find a life Riley I have no life probably is Rick Riley I'll know it's so creative to be him wait till you're this story from Palo Alto California 37 Tom will them give us birth how many pounds 37 30 seven 20 is that 37 stone no pound I'm off you stoned or not one of those three feet tall away 37 pounds before she got pregnant is given birth to her first child I healthy boy eloise the best kids who uses a wheelchair and has to have two miscarriages sufferers from type three osteogenesis imperfecta at a certain of the most bones often brittle osteogenesis imperfecta reskaz game 20 pounds during pregnancy delivered these three pounds seven ounce baby on January 24th at Stanford universities Lucille Packard Children's Hospital we took just one day at a time we have a lot of people praying for us we just believe and we have our son here for eskaz 38 told me first no B doctor said they live in the baby Timothy by Cesarean section eight weeks before the due day in order to protect the mother's fragile health her tiny distorted body let's little room for the fetus to grow they said Timothy did not inherit his mother's genetic condition judging from her son's long fingers and toes basket said I think he's going to be a tall boy her husband Roy said his wife's small stature can be deceiving she's a strong lady he said while we can Michelle Williams must be too currently in the university one in 25 to 50 thousand births had to a mother with us due genesis imperfecta and even fewer involved moms with a severe type three form seders a miracle in California must be Jesus had somebody with a list of virgin married when you think something I would think so five six seven oh five six two out of get that line nine on your here at least once QA and hello yeah I want to act on the poll I just wanted to give you two names of shows and I'll have you really the message to Neil okay I don't know because I'm not but like the three diseases I know there are shorts for films before they were ever on TV but I know I would have backed um awkward scene hunger force okay okay I'll pass it along thank you thanks hey Neil somebody said awkward teen uh hunger force all right we'll do it got it we got it what about the supernatural let's just came on on the WB and course Josh's militant he hates the WB I thought I knew I get why well what network is that the seventh heaven on I realize yeah that's it what the WB you didn't like the seventh heaven I like Jessica feel I don't know well there you go okay I never saw that said I did I there were some people on there I like to and then they got uh ugly in the adjacent getrich syndrome we all pop on that you I don't know what happened and something hidden with the ugly stick god holy moly and then you're giving me a son then about oh guys uh our better looking when they're out of my middle by a few days that's not my opinion I know something and it is your opinion is usual right way you don't want to talk about it because you're wrong and I can say you can prove it right but you are even a proof of right give me an example tell me one guy all of these women's but no no no I don't know we're women's right on a different set that's another was that proved because how about Lyle I love her son huh men's skin is thicker we wrinkle later in life are you talking what are you are seeing our skin droop's dollar faces later at a later age than women's that's a fact it's maybe yours is drooping all right that's it I'm done has nothing to do with your skin drooping okay that's that's not why you wait what are we talking about okay what are we talking about I don't know just because it's all like guys that look over the age of 18 so anybody are you talking about those guys on super natural's are 18 ladies and gentlemen Dave and Sammy Dean and Jan and Dean what are you talking about that show they're like 35 and they're supposed to be like 35 they're not 35 they're not the television's always done that you know pretty well they're not 35 okay they're like in their early 20s the ones like in his mid 20s the older one they're about 23 24 you better start learning your ages mister or you just better start sticking to women don't worry I know there you go no broke back all these never leave me if I thought there was any chance you might there might be some possibility would enjoy any aspect of it from Michelle Williams to I'm on all four is it whatever leave me you don't want to do it surely I'm so far is it okay go ahead I'd love to you will take that VVD I'm gonna run a stumbling even out the window I guarantee it will be out there on i95 MCC Commission chairman Kevin Martin you're fairie stepped up pressure on cable TV providers this L channel separately releasing a report yesterday show in the movie would cut prices by up to 13 percent the MCC study reverses the findings of a 2004 report commission by former chairman Michael Powell you're fairie and supports martens port for cable providers such as time war and calm case to offer olacart pricing Martin could use this then it continued to use the bully pulpit to push for alacart so crisper stern and analyst for medley global advisors investment research firm the report is a setback for cable providers which have offered measures such as family programming packages to avoid having to set individual channels I wonder for else on the assurious package study may be a study may be a legislative drive to mandate alacart pricing sought by activist groups and so wait a little or prices and give you as more control over channels in their homes oh yeah you gotta get the deputy off your cable too many out looking at people on those shows and i sure want to see that some of the tits bevens the congress committee chairman last week of public and said last month he didn't find a consider alacart legislation said yes the in my exam in the issue cable TV prices could fall from 3 to 13 percent under three of four alacart options study the report released the watchings yesterday well great how can we censor how can we bring you under our thumb how can we force the south park people to put those bleeps and even on the cable yeah oh by the way uh because you made a good point that they were talking about that FX shows the shield which is regular cable thing right who's every good and i do mean ever here for a fact but here and this is an interesting man if x's fox i think the effort is the only one that they leave out before the same course at the that's the same people remember doctor you're is the print and the use fox news to like print all the right wing propaganda they can and they make all the money to fund that operation by putting on all those sexy fox shows and then of course FX like your tell me he's an evil genius yeah we're putting it off in mama though you've seen every episode many times what TV series will you never get to watch and that's our full quick they've got question i think oh i know what and this is just a joke at the why i so put it on the so you guys are trying her sandy was that plucker magic friend love me centered that's what i do as long as i live i'll never forget that morning that i called and woke up Luke helping at home on at say the morning show that was and this game is good about it did he flip her he flipped her are over he said i'm not she said i'm not my show whizom's what you think this is and he said i'm not he's ledger eatable just cut it out i mean that's about as subtle as an elephant jumping in the middle of that scene you know when when he it's just not no we're just so obvious why don't they why don't they just you know put a big sign on their put a big message on the screen he's ledgers into you know uh back to him that god and that racy and where he's like uh rape in uh uh the other one and and more to uh uh uh even mower being burst by that sign fell 243 way ahead of the rest and you guys you can also have it more power to you just like uh what was the one yesterday's pull uh leave you sad was oh yeah yeah since since 128 star trek 103 all in a family 92 sound park 81 mash 75 she is 31 one time jica like she is uh i love loosely's guy but third man why 520 cook him down oh curbion 2z has 19 Batman 18 and 19 friends 19 family guy 18 get it on there now soprano 17 lot older 17 and my pd blue 16 the honeymooner is 15 mighty five times flying circus 14 14 tower 13 16 the city 10 and he Griffiths yo eight green acre 7 mommy 5 6 6 from Murray Tyler Moore married wood chilins a five for the Jefferson's co jack has four three for the shield and the Beverly Hillbillies and cannon. Holden heroes got a pair of vision impossible about two how can i only have two uh it's a great show uh what do you like uh and i quote 1010141 McHales navy one month one the odd couple one and none none for Sandra dan son while while rest 24 scrubs rest development future ramma soap LA law 77 sunset strip prisoner and portrait family all got the big oh i guess the gravity i didn't vote yet oh just wait till he gets his library oh yeah he's gonna be uh lean on a portrait family 14 past one in five 60 WQA and when you're shopping for shoes head immediately make a beeline for brandy shoes and Pompano Beach to make sure you get the most comfortable fitting your favorite stylish shoes add an unbeatable price we're talking about the top names in the shoe business not off-brands which some of these marginal shoe stores are famous for brandy's carries the biggest lesson of all the major brands like rock port four shime echo the phisto s a s new balance and all of this they'll make dang sure you get a perfect customized video favorite comfort you just ask for already he'll take good care be in brandy's even specialized in wide widths as well so no matter where you live in South Florida you're gonna take good care of those tutses brandy's worth a trip for comfort style fit value and selection always think brandy shoes and you find brandies at 1290 North federal highway and Pompano Beach to open every day the week Monday through Saturday's till 9 and every Sunday till 5 in this week is a great time to buy s a s shoes at brandy's take 20 to 40 bucks off the retail price of all great s a s men's women styles this week so be sure to get into brandies or do your shoe shopping right online on website randomiest shoes outcomewangnew vrous your I had it to much to break that night. Yeah. He never says a word. Well, I've been in a... I've been in a... In a curious George George. George W. Bush, the world's most famous monkey, is coming to theaters. My greatest responsibility is President Joe, come to the world of curious George. I'm grateful. Thank you all the time. Get me a second. What am I gonna do with you? I don't know. 18 to 5. So you did W to 2. I'm so do I know on my age or what? I'm Jared Paddlecki, play Sam on supernatural. Okay. 35. What am I to tell you how old he is? And you're telling me 35. He was born July 19th. I'm 18 to 2. And San Antonio takes his day, he's in 23. What did I say? What did I tell you? I don't know. That was exactly the number I said. It's 23. 23. Very good. Huh? I can spot... I believe me. I can spot it. That's the younger one. The other guy's like 40. Go there. I've been a one thing for a guy. Doesn't like that show. You sure got a lot information, you know? A lot of information for somebody that can't stand that show. Yeah. Like I was born. 40. He's a one-up hero. He's leaping into the ocean. Together. Good night, brother. That's like part of that show. You know something and everything crossed my mind. That's the only thing that if there is your mind is because they're sleeping in different beds in the same room that there must be something going on. I know something if there is. I want to see it. Well, you know, like, leave me out. Because I have to see that and hump back mountain. I'll tell you that. Holy moly. God, what a piece of garbage. Seriously, that could be the worst movie I've seen in 10 years. Wow. I can't even begin to tell you how Ponderson boring and monotonous it is, just garbage. But other than that, it's great. WQAM, hello. All right, can someone tell me what happened to me? What happened to him? Yeah. He's the must-raired ran away from home. I got the what? Yeah, look. They paid him off to go away. His contract ended remarks 10th and they said, here's the money and he said, okay, I'll take it and goodbye. I got it. Correct. That is correct. Thank you. Okay, welcome. And that was one of his crowd. No question about that. The Colossalmy Bank crowd. 560560. Tom 560, the Verizon singular wireless line. Let's get depot back on here with some of their old corny stuff. Huh? I mean, he's only half Jewish. Yeah. WQAM, hello. He mentioned some of those stuff. No, no, no, no, no, no. We'll have it here from him in five minutes. WQAM, hello. It went back to back. I must have been Gilbert and his boyfriend. Maybe they got the same routine as the other two are going to go. Well, you want to ever played? So, I promised speaking of, that's right, maybe, acts? Huh? I never played this. There's Oakland Park, hello. Yes, is this the Sorogger? Speaking. Mr. Rogers. Reverend Jones here and, uh, I, you're another, another Sony Reverend here. You're having a, a controversial, you'll show today on, All yours from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on Colors from the past. No, we're not talking about Colors from the past. You're okay. It's, it's that you're doing. Sir, what are you talking about? You're, you're playing old bits? No, no, I'm not. I, we, we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape, and you made a type of a card on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we, it discussed not playing it on the air. What are you, what are you talking about? That, the, the, part, the gay bits, sir. That was one of my, sirs. I, yes, sir. Yeah. Appreciate to not play that. I'd like to read the letter. Did you read the letter? Did you read the letter? You're gay. Did you receive the letter, sir? You're gay. Sir, you're gay. Did you receive the letter, sir? Yeah. They'll be a m also. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No, you're gay, sir. You're gay. What was he trying to say? You're gay. Oh, hey. Or maybe we just try to say, you're fair. Could have been that. 22 past one. I got it with him. That's, uh, you're just a fair one. Right. And this is, sir. So if he would have just died immediately after that, then it would have been a blessing for the whole year. That's not good enough. Now I understand. Don't put my, your head. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, and even rise in singular. Wireless line. We still have an at one person. Of course, in this crowd, I predicted that to be. I don't really want to talk about it. No, no, but that awful humpback mountain movie. There's not anybody defending it. Is that anybody who admits to see in it? Nobody, even at Lady of the Call before, even though she said that when she's talking about Michael Ankeen and making level of K Jackson or making level of her hammer, that she hadn't seen that humpback either. Seeing a humpback whale. I remember working in Sarah Soda in 72. There was your humpback bridge. WQAM. Hello. Why did it fall? WQA. I got a roll with Aaron Gil and a party and I didn't understand any of those words. Something in Patty and anyone with a, I have no idea what that man just said. Your people in their accent think, they got a word of, yeah, my people in their accent, your folks know those little speakers. Speak at English. Speak at the English. Okay. Give it a try. It works like a miracle man. Speak at the English. Then they will fear you. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Thanks for watching the bullfight for us to clear clear. I could lose no. I'm going to watch it. Oh, please. You admitted. I'm no. I'm no. Very garbage ever made. Now, let me ask somebody. If you watch a game movie, I'll turn it down. Yeah, I mean, I mean, he straighted. I'm a branch. I'm six or seven in the Eden Center. I'm like a double negative. Right. Five six seven, oh, five his Christian friends. I don't have any Christian friends. I mean, not in the sense that he wouldn't say Christian. You know, I mean, right. I avoid like to play people who would like to put me in an oven. Right. Five six seven, oh, five sixty. And for a multitude of reasons, not just, yeah. Oh, yeah, a whole bunch of reasons. What's the point? So many QAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So many QAM. Hello, that was Alan Brown. I'm back. Now, is there an interesting, how I guess they returned to the scene of the crime. Just by desperate. Absolutely. He says, I have no right day. I bet you're part of he said a fax is really. Yeah, saying something for the poll or something. I threw it right away without, uh, or some of those you remember, remember it's name. Well, he started job. Yeah. Yeah. What's with that job? Real liar. I can't remember. I think about that speaking of, uh, no all leans. And then chocolate folks. Well, you know, that's one thing. At least at least they're consistent. They're never crashed. No care about them. People are incompetent. They're just Democrats put on a good show. Line nine. One more shot today. QAM. Hello. I'm Andrew Wally, education, system and fort. A sucks look at the Brown County school board. Get your head out of your ass. You jackasses. Hey, Ben. I wonder they do the Brown County school board. I don't know if they did the August 9 thing. No, I don't know what they're doing. But they are jackasses. So what we know that, that was without sand. And then she was the public stared at like getting revolting about that whole August 9 thing. A long as 14 on a Monday, it sounds so much better as opposed to having no new people curtail your summer vacation. Cause we're too stupid and I'll have to do anything right. Yeah, what is no question about that? She can't complain about Florida education because there isn't any trust me. WQAM, hello. No. Yeah. So I met Josh at the Pan-Phergan. Yeah. And I got so excited when I saw him because he has a serious blonde hair. Yeah. And he had these tinted glasses. And it's really long, off-gong coat. All the beads in all the year. Yeah. Oh, he's real. I got you down there. You're like all the way here. Right there. Right there. Right there. I'll tell you that right now. Man. Right. No, why do he's not going to the hockey game anymore? Both of it covered his rear. He found a fan. Well, it was not nice. Maybe he can go up there in the woods and hump back mountain with that guy. Do a little camp and out. Or maybe just go to fight him out and sleep in the same room together. Like Sam and Dean. You can borrow by chaps. In fact, wasn't that song by Sam and Dave Holdan? It's 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. When it comes to mattresses, speaking of which Betty is sleeping on sand. See, I would love to answer. I missed it last week or two. It was super natural. If they were sleeping in sand, but I would definitely would not miss that. I would team of what I would like fried into my screen. And the show too. When it comes to mattresses, a lot of gimmicks out there. The latest are sweet numbers. Otherwise known as air mattresses. They're only warranted and full for two years. They squeak. They pop. They can lose their setting during the night. They cost a fortune. And are in four legs. If you really want a high quality brand name mattress that will last you for years and years and do the smart thing, just sit there on your fat pimple ass and make one easy call to my good friends at dialometrist. One 800 mattress. When you call one 800 mattress, you'll get no run around. No show room shenanigans. I love that expression. Show room shenanigans. Just fact read bread prices and the best brands you know, trust and love. When you call one 800 mattress, you choose from Florida's biggest inventory of all the top brands. See you later. Sir, the Simmons King Quill. Tempered experience in foster you had already foreseen delivery at prices lower. Then the so called big name change. There was even during these supposed big sales. Call 1 800 mattress. Have the bed you want delivered the date and time you want. You still picked that to our delivery window. When it's convenient for you. We'll have into one noon to two, one to three, two forty five to four forty five etcetera. I've been satisfied customer for years. Most of the Q. Embers are two and you will be a guarantee. So make that easy call right now. And you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. So 1 800 mattress or log under their website, Macris.com. That's 1 800 MATT RES leave off the last as because it stands for Sam. This is Neil Roger. You've heard this is five 62A. Floridians, dumb as dirt. Oh. Yeah. I like the couple fish in the inside. The shower so. The fish and I go sweet shins. And slacker off the wall. I get so much older. I do like the internet for me. But I much too small. I can't even find a way. But because I don't believe. When they push out the world, it's not a way. I like to go to shower. And to pay the square to rent. And to pay the ticket to go to shower. I like to go to shower. I use the trickle down theory. The four high stop groups grow. I went off my way we. With a pair of groupars. They look like sex and when they look like). All what you say, nothing now's. So you go to the beach. Yeah... You're proud of my escape. I live 4000 Charmolo Image Charmolo I segment your give, and our head ta's lufe, our M za' al what I'm doing. A 52 at 56 w due I am ladies and women. D food is coming pa who, globalization like that bitch said before I'm over the lawn. I do want to mention this again no before they because here's some people can do over the weekend to keep monster streets since we get no more football for a long time. Speaking of that, what kind of sports people are going to talk about now? I'll probably be the Olympics. Oh, oh man. You're going to watch you the Olympic Jashra, I sure hope not. Probably not. Now watch the movie. Maybe it depends. The Louvre's like the two men, Louvre's best. Oh no. And the wrestling. Oh yeah, that's not the the road back mountain. The hubback mountain version. Now we're not going to be watching your Olympics on the show. So talk to somebody else about who cares. We don't care. I do care about the best key story though. That's interesting. I'd love to see him go down. Oh man. Right side right down the mountain. Really? I think you like uh zo.com. That's what I'm wondering mentioned again. Just look at your mouse. That's one of the most and they don't want anything from you don't have to like log on. You don't have to like guide you on a scale when I first thought about it. Like you got to you know, create an account that can help. Now that's why there's so many people. That's why they had it. They disabled the thing when the first came out is because it was so popular. People are going on and they're saying, like, hey, look at this dude. And you get so much information about your house and your neighborhood and uh you know, all the stuff. How much it's worth right now? How much it was worth a week ago? So, how much next? It's going to be worth next to your love. Well, that's the way about tissue ball density. It sent me an orbit. That's just a little bit more than you ever wanted to know about crystal ball. Yeah. Colone. Colone. Well, criticize and send it to Diana Findstein for supporting President Bush's War policies. Cindy she and city. As they see won't run against the popular California Democrat because she could be more effective as a vocal and he were activists. She's finally got her somewhere on it. Nice going Cindy. Lead for Diana alone. I isn't American in the mother of a hero. Plates to do what I can. As the citizen when the occupation of a refugee and told reporters, I'm not running against Senator Findstein. But I will continue to be a thorn in her side and a thorn in a side of any representative who's not stradly working for peace. She and blasted Findstein for giving Bush degree in life who invaded the innocent country when she voted October 2002 for that resolution, not to rise in the Iraq war and for continuing to vote to finance that illegal war and illegal occupation. It's not enough to criticize the president's policies while you're handing him more money to fund his policies. It's like giving an addict more money to buy drugs when you'd like him to quit she said. Why don't you see? What the without hero Chavez? She's still good. On our show is down there with hero Chavez. She's a comedy pink girl. She probably likes to delve. Okay. I forgot to see a time so I forget what I'm talking to. All right. It's not so bad. You know. Well, you know, hero Chavez and Kidel, they rub their boots together. Wait to hear the story. Could you just judge his assistance in this story? It's a long time because Emma Coast isn't talking about simply but this story. It's that's what it's all about. Okay. All right. Jerry Finds flying. See you did not cause man's death. Many all in New York the see him didn't do it. A Benny Honner chef may have tossed a hot see him at a customer five years ago but a mass soldier we decided the estate is not to restaurant, salt man rents his neck that night and later died. I'd be sure to call it as well if like every day. I'm dying out of here. Well, you know, you say that jokingly but I would only that's what was the whole idea of this thing. Right. I've been to Benny Honner. See I have two. In fact, is the one still there on the 70th Street causeway where we used to work Benny. Yeah. When I go to restaurant and it's just like as much as I love them the macaroni grill or as much as I like to place. I don't want to see anybody get up on a table and do old man river with those big old shoes. You know? I don't want to see that. What if there wasn't that bad old man? I want to have a nice meal. You know? I want entertainment. I'll go to a place to be entertained. If I want to meal, I'll go to a restaurant. So I don't want like a whole song of a dance in the circus and a show in knives around. It took the jury less than two hours to decide that Benny Honner, a Japanese restaurant chain famous for its theatrical table side and by the way, also famous for giving you a little teeny tiny nonsense food. It was not responsible for the death of Jerry Colitis. I'm sorry, Coli. I say his name. Coli at his 47th of old workville. They also threw out the jumbo 16 million dollar award that Coli at his widow, Jacqueline 47, and requested. I wanted to go to jail. I was just going to ask that if we're the jumbo scene. Several jury said after hearing four weeks of testimony, it seemed likely that Coli at his who was at a Muncie Park Benny Honner in January 2001 for a son's night birthday. Was asking a chef to throw a scene. His way. So we could catch it in his mouth. See, you're just making a joke about that Mr. Noodle. I wasn't making a joke. That's exactly the idea. It wasn't Benny Honner's fault. It's a jury of Martin 62. Jacqueline Coli, this is a said or husband had an ass with the food to be tossed his way. The chef decided to start throwing things in a matter of how many times we told him not to to stop. He wouldn't stop. I'm so disappointed in the jury. She said, money is money, but I still don't have a husband. His kids still don't have a father. Coli at his said to Benny Honner, chef first hit her steps on, then her brother-in-law, burning them both. She said the chef then through another piece and Jerry Coli, this caused him to jerk his head out of the way. That night, Colitis began to feel pain in his neck. His widow said he underwent an exerge rate in why you medical center Manhattan June 2001. I'm November 21. Colitis checked in the same Francis Hospital in Roslan with 140 refiebers said in attorney on day for rental of Washington. And the following day he died. That's it. The cause of the death was sepsis. They severe infection. He had sepsis. Benny Honner lawyer, Charles Conic of many old, said Colitis death had nothing to do with his Benny Honner dinner. Furthermore, he said Colitis wanted the chef to throw the seal. Throw it him. It made no sense that the chef working for tips will purposely defy his customer's wishes. I think we showed that he was trying to pull his head back. He said we're trying to catch the seal. But for Ranzo said he couldn't believe the jury would not acknowledge the chef's dangerous behavior. He said the restaurant's head chef, I know they had a head chef. And admitted on the stand that staff like to win tips in the real customer's by throwing food for people to catch. He was where it was going on for Ranzo said he had advised his chef that it was dangerous. Dangerous throwing those seals around. They're like that. Well, sepsis and he died. And she, I don't live in prison cash but she didn't get it. Too bad you lose honey. That will teach you to go to Benny Honner. They can go to school by me all day long. I don't care. I'll catch it. Well, how much time the baker is going to food day? Let's go there. Oh, my boy. I am so... So what are they bringing? Just sloppy sauces today, but they got all kinds of great pizza and detaining favorite so Zion and chicken, right arm, feet, peppers, can't lonely over-size hot and cold subs. The best garlic rolls that are the size of a cook, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, can't percent. And all of these things. Yeah, we had to stop you sausage in here. The Ranzo garlic rolls too. Mmm. All for them. Yeah, it was. So try all of these things. In fact, they got to menu here. They got just almost endless menu of fantastic Italian ways. Pasta Alfredo would grilled chicken or with grilled... See you. Yeah. I thought I had to... Well, I'd say one thing you sure make it up for last time today, aren't you? Yes, I am. John. Got a big Macaroni dishes of all kinds. Eggplant. Oh, brother, beautiful menu. The prices are very, very modest. And John's been around John the bakeries famous in town for a great family style of Italian food, very modest prices, and he's been doing it so for for a certain years. So stop five for all these great goodies. Especially the sloppy sausage sum. You don't know that we sent you right when the go and say, hey John, how about some of your sloppy sausage? John the bakeries got two locations for you for takeout in Pembroke Pines called 954, 431-4315. You'll find them there at 1.2592, Times Boulevard. 954-4314315, and the new John the baker is just opened. At 8835 Sturling Road that's corner Sturling in Pine Island and Prestige's Cooper City for takeout there called 954, 252-0091, 954-252091, get sloppy and get some sloppy sausage to a John the baker. This is Neil Roger. This is 516A6. But stopping at 15 years with a new season of 24 on Fox, we're in a game city waiting checkbower is called back to action. This is flower, it's T.K.U. We need you. Oh, correct. Now watch. A group of carriers are planning to assassinate the president by launching a nuclear warhead into watching the DC while releasing a toxic nerve gas that melts people's bases. That's it. Yes. If there's anyone else you guys can call the shade the world, I mean, I've been doing enough like watch the murders. Like dollars being caught in a fair trap. Like girlfriend, dummy, and my entire body put wood in an inch of its life. This law bad news. Now watch. The third cousin's best friend's college roommate was kidnapped by the terrorist. No! 24 is back on Fox. Will there be any double-weekage involved? Yes. How about Shadow I trained my guess? The Laker Protocol violation? Yes. How about mortally wounded dogs who whisper cryptic information before losing consciousness? Of course. Can you leave it for that annoying fake block? No! Uh, it's 24 with the annoying clock. Monday's on Fox. Yeah, that's what the Scott McCellan told the mayor of Los Angeles who just watched that right episode of 24. He's known about that terrorist right now. 144. How do you like the Jim Clancy on Erisian International saying, O2? You know, why would a president have to call the mayor of Los Angeles? Right. Have you ever heard anything so incipits to idiotic in your life? Yeah, other times. Let's hear that. So if he's humiliating, so desperate. And I'd say it must be passing around buckets of money over there. Call their shields. The shield network. Uh-huh. And a situation where I'm with both the squeegee who talks like some kind of a moron. Now, he's talking to a kindergarten class. And West Virginia, uh, God wouldn't idiot. Oh, there's a girl who says he needs to die right now. Hundreds of stations out of investigation by the FCC and Taylor investigation. How do you like this? Thank God we don't play it on music. Right. If he doesn't have a bus for a while. What is that undercover kitty? Honours. New York. New York. Good, sorry. I'll tell you one thing. One nice thing about little cat they fit into microwave so neat, you know? Yeah, they did. God. Even the smallest. Although they do splatter around like a mess. Though ABC News has delayed hearing its prime time lives to run. Eliot Spitzer's payroll investigation is revealed that the FCC is now investigating hundreds of radio stations around the country as part of the scandal. Absolutely, collapsing. Oh, my God. FCC can make your Jonathan Adelstein told ABC News. The FCC staff is working with voluminous evidence right now as a complicated, wide-ranging investigation. He added this as a potentially. This potentially is the most widespread and flagrant by the FCC rules. And they history of American broadcasting. We have never seen evidence such as systematic betrayal of the responsibility of broadcast to a C-C-Cet. How do you like that? Wow, how you like that? For a spitzer himself told ABC News. We have people in suits coming in with documents rather than cash payments under the table of a DJ. Documents. I say like stocks and bonds. Adelstein threatens a law system's licenses through this investigation saying, I can't believe that well, we don't have to worry about that. We don't have one. I can't believe that radio stations are putting their licenses at risk. It seems to me that they thought the FCC was asleep and they shot someone in front of a policeman. The policeman is obligated to act whenever it is so clear he added, while it's highly unusual for the FCC to pull licenses on first violation, depending on the severity that is one option that's available to us. These are criminal matters as well he said. How do you like that? And Mrs. Gritzky said, don't bet on it. Can you believe it's about a half a million dollars in less to six weeks and 75 grand on the Super Bowl and then the separate bet on the coin toss? That that fish has got a problem. That's not what I hope. Yeah, I mean usually, okay, I shouldn't say that because being a wood vine person, being a casino person, I really shouldn't say that. They women don't have chronic gambling problems. That's totally untrue. Right. Because I know some women out there you want to cry. They're losing, I mean of course I'm sure there husbands haven't got the foggy idea study. They got all their credit cards maxed out there just, they're up to their armpits in debt. But generally speaking, I mean when you're talking about the really big world of high rovers and gambling is usually the men, you know, like to hump her, for example. Commissioner Adelstein revealed that he's been in regular contact with spits early, Lee and wants the FCC to handle investigation as opposed to just spits of an estate in New York. We have a responsibility to get to the bottom of this. It's important that the FCC does its job and not let the states do it for us. He said ABC News also spoke to a number of industry stars at the Grammys earlier this week about payola with none of them especially surprised by the news. Honestly, payola has existed since the beginning of the music business, so it's not like some brand new thing that never happened before said Alicia Keys. Just if a since and music has been mentioned in Spitsers documents, oh yeah, I can't imagine why, can you? I can't imagine that. Even if they paid us, we wouldn't play that. Her father managed her Joseph's in told ABC News all eyes all I know is we were 3D hard to get to record on it and it was as honest as I could be. Whatever happened to Bubba's, you I have no answer for. Whatever happened to Bubba's. Who's Bubba's? Whatever happened to Bubba her too. Oh. I thought Nick was sure. I'm not so sure about him anyway, I know. I don't even know that whole deal. I think he turned 24 or something, didn't he? Nicholas J. Get out and hear you's like about 30. What are you talking about? Nick like Shay? Yeah, I don't know how it is. You even know who the hell that is. You're right. I don't. I played that music man, I had some good music. I didn't get degrees. Yeah, I had my V8 copies. Get out of here, they were all a boy band, they were the one that was a good thing. Yes. I'm going to tell Joe about before that lunch on Monday to make sure you eat tray from any of burnin' hell, you and Gary Sarner. By the way, Greenback Gary Sarner are doggy back and make sure it's like a bacon cheeseburger. There you go, and ideas you're reading, so toad it. And that's usually a video of supermarkets, they could be sent. Well, that's that the video one man, I remember that video. Where he was like emoting and they got those tattoos on and of course they're her, her nasty attitude and stupidity rubbed off on him so that how it brought them. Jessica and Nick. Because now we got Brad and Angelina. Brad and Angelina. I'm a breathless serial, Brad and Angelina. That's not a good song. I'm not going to play that. Those are the two that I have to build with the same. Well, get Reddomek. Kill it. Half of it. They did a lot of good stuff. I mean, it's a great idea. You're almost as bad as your partner in crime over there is something that's Sam on supernatchel 85 years old. Pretty pretty soon they're going to be sleeping in nursing homes together. Yeah, that's where the season's going. Yeah, that's where the season's going. They're going to be sleeping in a double bed in a nursing home. In the nursing home, the bed's around wheels so they can hand them over to them. Same part is they're going to be sharing the same bang. How do you like that? The same bed pan. Yeah. Oh, man, you can't get much closer than that. That's that real brotherly love. You've got to do it as to ask them. Now that you mentioned that, I think that's the next week's episode on the WB. Though you've seen Eric, I think you're watching that. That's how you've seen it. Oh, man, where did you come up with that Jennifer Conley Jesus? Though you've seen the, you've seen it all the time. I can't even read this. See, what we're got. What a grotesque thought. Joshua, Nick. Josh is going to go home and take four showers right now. He feels so young. He's a clean. Yeah, yeah, unclean. What? Come on, Jerry's, what do you ever get tired of watching? Signfeld, 252. What is wrong from you, people, man? 1120. That's not too bad. 1120, Katie. Hey, what does that mean? 20. What's 1120? That's good. I don't know. It's a care more. I think we go through this all the time. I think care more. It's a might be. Those are the days, man. We're radio-eustity. We're whole, I have on him. Signfeld 253, Simpsons 134, Star Trek, 112, all in the family 95. What, are you saying you better than that? Don't think what you're going to have. I think we've seen them so many times. What time you do? Just a comedy. They always, I think you're pardoned. Oh, all in the family 95, Scott Park 82, May 77. I love loosely in 32. C is 31. Law, order 21, 21 for a Y50. Friends 21. Kirby and Tuzia is in 20. I think whoever invented friends and Joey, they all ought to be taken out right away. Family Guy 19, I told you we'd put it on there. So, Panor's 19, Batman 19, see Batman doing pretty good. Must have been those types. Faulty Tower 17, the honeymoon of 17, Maddie Python's Flag Circus 16, NYPD Blue 16, Sex in the City 10, Nine for Green Acres, married with Children's Got Eight, and Miami Vice-Guard Eight, and the Andy River's Show Got Eight, and Blide Date God, Six. Oh, six. Mary Tana Morseau, six, Sanford, and Son 5, Hogan Zero's Five. The Jefferson's Only Five, but that's kind of scary. Beverly Hill, the least four, co-jack four, Wild Wild West 3, 24, God 3, the Shield 3, Canon God 3, Aquatine Hunger Force 2, Scrubs 2, Mission Impossible 2, Is that a list of Scrugs and Earl Flat? Yes, it is. The Kail's Navy won, so one, one, the Frisner won, the Yod Couple won, and no of those for a rest of development, they can't get arrested in a panty raid, because it sucks. Oh, Future Ram, LA Law, LA Law, LA Law, LA Are they showing that? No, once through is enough for that. What do you talk about? I understand about me, are they showing it? It must be because, uh, that's what I don't want to. Because that would be like putting not sliding on the mushroom and I think it all they did for a while, though. Whatever happened to Pat Peterson, he kind of disappeared and Donna Mills and Healey Mills and all those people. 77 and Sunset strip and the Parker and family, the guy with the eyes, oh, as yet to vote. They call him up and give him a talk. This is a meal rocket on his skin. This is your final 16, 18. It's day, you're the Miami town. Are you sure? At five, six, seven, W, Q, A, Come in, come in, come in. I got a great light. Yeah. I think we're going to do... How bad are you, Sunset. Yeah, why is that? Yeah. We can go laughing at it. I got sore so I hear. We're going to go and read this. Hey, it's brotherly, Lieutenant Edvin Dying. Oh, God, I'm having a joke that knows about creating the fields. He's hearing closely, Lieutenant Edvin Dying. He might find out how bad my soul flow. To cast a bind something out to the floor, to come out inside the dragon's court. Oh, Jesus Christ. How bad women are, Towsley, math, not a thing you know. Yeah. Kiss my book. Ah, click my butt. Ah, hey, my guy to go get none. I like you, are my tenest mates. Then assume a penalistic space. I think they're the brothers that are good-dive. They might want some and they're made with others. They're the brothers that are good-dive. You got a misnaps, you got a whole deal. You got to have to get along with the old mouth. And get a misnaps you. Ah, you got to have some misnaps. And then you won't be so long to get out of the house. Did he say a mole? Yeah. Oh, don't do it. Yeah, we ain't got no mole. Oh, I can't believe all these people out of town. There's something going on this weekend. There's something we strange. It seems interesting today. I don't know, Shavu. Is it Shavu? I don't know. I don't know. Right. Why are you talking about the form? Is it a mark? It seems to be in February or March. It's very spotty. We're not going by the Duke Council. I know. It's probably. It's going to be behind Joshua over there. And I can say on that. Let the page there. It's a one? The page. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Well, it came out kind of like, yeah, you're bored of the middle. The page. Didn't want to get close to it. Yeah, flip this. Oh, how can you imagine flying your froggy? So what does it say? When is poor him? It's a close. It's a little, huh? It's spelled with a p either. Yeah, if you are. I am for the goiam out there. I'm going to have to go in there and find that he can't. Anyway, you get like some, uh, homotoxin and some rogolachin. That's good. You, you guys eat all the food like those sloppy sausages today for my down the dr. I can listen to what I enjoyed without getting my butcher going up to 10,000. And by the way, John, you're still sending a more candy. You lunatic. You've not seen bastard. Curtis Stevenson coming up next. Mad Dog whose family is just brawling with everybody. They're pissed off and fired up. I guess, he's in David for Lann and Troy at seven. Eddie K. Tenil Clark tonight. Bye, bye, bye.