Yeah, where's he playing? Smuck. What was that? What's that? What was that about? Oh, that was an old thing from the worst team when they used to give a base on an Anstue of VM the spokesman and built to Ray. And I would be standing in control and laughing my ass on. But nevertheless, team that does make the playoff. So it's one of those things when a season starts just to resign yourself to the fact that they're not going to contend for the playoffs, including this year. But he walked up their next season and handed him the five bucks when you're walk up to the Arena per person, the twenty bucks for your family of four just for the honor of walking on the premises. Just remember they won't make the playoffs because he's not in their vocabulary. And that's been for a while. They've only made the playoffs once since they've been in New Building. You do realize that, don't you? Yep. Once. And only three times in this view of the franchise. Didn't have to doff and dominance have never made a silver bolson. They moved either. Yeah. Well, there's some franchises living in the distant past. You know, the empires that the whole reason they exist is because of that one phantom season when they got ahead of the right time. The adopters are living like 30 some years ago. And they are seeing what Toronto may believe, man. Oh, brother, they suck. They're literally Stanley Cup in 1967. Or as I was lucky as a kid, they won a cup four times in the 60s. That was the end of that. That's almost 40 years ago. Frantrises living in the past. That'd be a good pull someday. By the way, Joe Bells is no rush to fill that two to four. I don't go to go to go to see that in Barry's com. I don't go to Jerry's com. I don't go to Jerry's com. Yep. One thing about us, if we want to find out what's going on in the station, now we're going to do is wait till Friday and we'd bury his com. Find out about Foxy Rocksey, who's a work in really hard. Is if anybody cares, what kind of a name is that? Rossy Bernstein besides Jewish. Kind of a name is that. Doing university of California basketball and racing back and for violence. He's still squeaky. But anyway, did you see that thing? You talk about that? We still no rush to fill the job. We're getting a mole left in January. And also, did you see the most important part of that paragraph? Moe has been filling us a talk host on the York station 1050 AM. I was at a, not really in the mood to discuss more today. No, I'm not talking about discussing him. We're just talking about that too. Oh, it is a filling. To fill in. Yeah. 1050. Well, a great frequency used to be WATEN and long before that WMGM 1050. What was that a great station or what? It's the second sports station in the York now. With Peter Tripp, the curly head of Kidd and the third row, who almost went to jail, I'm thinking you do go to jail for payola. So the Alan Friedstory on over the weekend last weekend, how to move the videos, pretty interesting. I saw that long time ago. You sure stuck into the handboy. Yep. You wound up dying penniless somewhere in California. So what happens to most of us in this business? Why not there? Go under the track kicking around those tickets on the ground. Where's that for a row? Yeah, that's right. By the way, my streak is over. All that wasn't really bad. I lost 500 bucks. It's not bad. My initial idea is that you go. Oh. But you know what I mean? Yeah, that's a bad Alan Friedstory. I mean, he was, if you think about how good that guy was in New York. Yeah. I mean, everybody listened to that show. And he hosted all those rock and roll shows at night. They showed a large show. And that movie, the last one of the pop star rated, and they caused all this a few of that. And it was going along great. The cops came in and created a riot. Yep. And that was his last show. And that was his last gig, too. They didn't know anybody would hire him. He went up to California and kick it around tickets and sand. I need her somewhere on a floor and on the ground. He was a stupor, huh? And he died penniless. Poor Alan Friedstory. That's what his business will do. You all do foolish people out there. I want to get into radio. Don't do it. Don't even think about it. Josh Curtis had a big night at the Bernie Cossacks last night in our fundraiser this year. How much he raised? How much? How much? Awww. Oh. Zero. That's those keen people, man. They're the worst. They're the lowest form of slime on the face of the earth. I think it's perfect that they brought in Dona Shalili to be the... Right on the same paddies they who wouldn't want some in Dona Shalili. Right? To be the head of the university. What a slimy place. Oh, brother. You can't spell scumb without you when I realize it's old and tried. But I gotta say it against true. Slimy. I think I'll take an extra shower every day just to wash off the sins from Doin' those six years you went baseball? Oh, brother. And the alumni know it. Nobody knows students ever showed up at Aiden with baseball games. We'd have those big crowds, you know? Thanks to Ron Fraser and his great promotional abilities. See, that was all... that was all BS. Ron never coached the team. Skidperton coached the team. That's why we had good teams. And Ron was the PR guy. Which was very good at it. So he said those huge overflow crowds. Which didn't have that any mold. Baseball still draws pretty well. Not like that. Not like that. Mr. Henry. Not like that. Those are the days. I go down there about four or five times a year. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. Let's go away to spend an afternoon. Yeah. And they got good food. Great. You should have had smell like great sausage, watching... It's like I used to sit that last year next to Dave Lamonton. He was farting so much. I couldn't smell the sausage. They've read done that. They might have seen it since they did. Really? Yeah. How did you guys specials? Bopper J. Roe Keaton is pickles? J. Roe is still there. Oh brother, how's sad? He's going to die in that booth. Him and Mike wasn't tall. They'll be dying in their respective booth. So J. Roe is a basketball game Wednesday night. When his life story is written, what did you do with your life? I was there for the Miami Hurricanes Baseball team. And basketball team? What was the real story with him in the Marlon? Remember that? He had a guy for a couple of years. Yep. I don't remember what. I think that was just like your deal. I had some to do with the food. He was making cost to comments about the food. I think you were right. Yeah. I think that had some to do with it. Don't have to food there with the PP Park. Me, why are you putting this in the club? I'm doing University of Miami Baseball. Yeah, I enjoyed it. Like I said, the students didn't show up. It was the people in the community came out and supported it. Very few students. Because it's a phantom university. There are no students. There's no campus. There's no dorms. There's no classes. I don't think. Especially for the athletes. Just sports teams. Well, your buddy Joe's got to have something to do. Yeah. So what's going on with you this weekend? Well, what do you think? Guess, uh... I got a lot of money burning a whole on my part. Yeah. So yesterday I walked in there. I got a good machine. It was the one that was open and I gave me a win in two minutes. Two hundred bucks on the line. And I played. I put in a hundred dollar bill and I played a nine hundred for two and a half hours. Now that's that's good machine. Never give anything big. But you know, two hundred and another two hundred is just to just get going and go like the energizer buddy. It was pretty entertaining. So I lost a little bit and went home. Because I had to try my short talking noodles. Oh, how were they? You know, you know, you know, never mind. No, they're not that bad. I know most people wouldn't like them. Okay. First of all, you open the little bag. You drain the water out of smells like fish, which I hate fish. And you drain them off. Once you wash them off, they're okay. And then you like a newcom for a couple of minutes. And you pour your sauce and sausage or whatever meatballs over it. And it's, but they're very chewy. You know, they're okay. They don't have any taste of any smell. But they're a little on the chewy side. They're all right. But I got some drink fields pasta coming eventually here next couple of days. Which supposedly is like regular pasta, but it's very low carb. Almost no carbs. I mean, you make it sound like you're eating flavorless gummy bears. No, it's a little, it's kind of like that. And that's a pretty good comparison. That's what it's powdered like. Chewy. Yeah. Well, you wouldn't like it. No. I think it's so for going. Well, or maybe just for the Arabs, I don't know, for the Arab street. Maybe the Arab street would like it. Yeah, I've taken this 30th anniversary thing. This fundraiser that they talked me into other money. And I'm part of it. I knew it didn't know enough is enough. Let's not go there anymore. And it's just a disaster. Just a disaster. Can't even break 20 grand. I just, I'm embarrassed by it because I don't want anything to do with it. Just like Tom Jickie. You know, he's trying to, by the way, your buddy Tom next time you see him as a track, just before he throw him over to the edge of the roof. Tom, he screwed up on Greg Bidale. They got that information wronged his column too. See, anything that has to do with local is out of his territory. Now, unless it's a pre-fad column of some TV show that's going off the year in five minutes, he has his coolest. What did he have to touch? What did he write about Greg Bidale? And if you want anything, last Sunday, somebody asked him, whatever happened to Greg Bidale. So he writes that, oh, he's, he's holding his talk show skills. He's doing a talk show in Alabama. And he's, uh, counting on when Neil Rogers returns, he's going to take his spot. And he was only half kidding when he said it. But most of the talk could be dealt like months ago, because then I get on Monday, I read that. And I get a couple of emails that he's doing talk show on, I know he's playing oldies, music on 640 and WJNA in Palm Beach. So once again, little Tommy has no clue what's going on in South Florida. I'm 1200 miles away to Sunday, shining and I'm much better finger on the pulse of South Florida than Tom Jickie. He's so out of touch. Okay. Now, you have to say, if you have to, if you have to, if you have to, if you have to, if you have to say, you know, put a crimp into your friendship, just like Dick Stockton, at least he had a sense of humor. That was great that day. That was really funny. That was very funny. How much did you blame, you don't have a sense of humor if you said something about his wife? I remember Jim Lampley, yeah, when he was at ABC, he had that one. I know, you're hot, I think. Then a little pot problem when he was at ABC. Yeah. Yeah, that was about 30 years ago. And his wife gets really better to share when he tells her to roll him a joint. He gets very upset. I don't know. His wife doesn't have any hand. I know, she has this condition. She has hands, but there. You don't want to, you really want to explore this? No, you sure all. I was hoping. I was hoping you weren't going to go there. No. For finger names, we'd rather go back to 10, 50 and mole. Well, that's good that he's got to something going on, huh? Something mulling on. They allow him. I'm on the rating period. Hey, listen, don't start now. He's legendary in his own mind. Make no mistake about it. Plus he's got that New Yorkie, Jewish sound. They like him up there until they realize who it is. Oh, that's how I'm all how we're David. Oh, boy, we should have one here. Yeah, yeah. Don't do it. I'll see more. They're not going to be too happy about that. Well, listen, have a great weekend. Yeah, you're so sure, buddy. You've got all your college hoops. You've got the pants around the night. It's a big weekend. Any care of you giving you the overs and under's on the pants around the game. Once it's over to attack, like, he'll be out from Atlantic City. Boy, you guys have got the life. Oh, yeah. He's usually shows on a figure. See the shows from Atlantic City. Yeah, he's alive. I tell you one thing. I wouldn't go back to Atlantic City if they gave him 10, 10 grand in cash to gamble. If I had a better there, I wouldn't go there. I don't think he was all excited about going there. No. So some fight that he's doing. I was at it. Yeah. Definitely not a place for Jews. I'll tell you that. Good, Atlantic City? No way. Margay is where they all live. It's a nice town. Margay is crazy. Not Margay's Florida. Maybe maybe some of Margay's Florida. It's the next town. By the way, I got there's an ad today that's pretty hard for him. I'm paid 68 of the entertainment section of the Sunset. I'll be before you go. You know, Boca's new smash hit, supper club. Five guys named Mo. Oh, wow. Now play. You know, we're being thrown. One of them. Oh, man. I say, let's say, Queen Supple Nightmare. And I didn't make that up. What we had that sponsor on there that Mo's place. What that was an amateur at Mo's, uh, got me. Slotting it. Oh, we did. Oh, Mr. Mo's. Mr. Mo's. That was it. We had them on for about a week. Roll. Then it was Mo Bandie with Carl Allen. Well, let's start with that harness racing stuff. That'll be the end of this. No. Oh, it's an heavier we can't get. And, uh, you know, don't be afraid. Step right up there and send it in. I'm ready. I'll still away. You too. You too. Happy old line. You don't mind. Come on. No. How many parts you took, master's? No. No. What? Yeah. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I'm not sure. What. CLOSICE! We should today. Well, you ought to have high barrenions. Both him and him, says three. Have delivered this greenhouse mints upon the blessed day. Short, a little bit half-living foul and nestled in the sea. Much of gone straight to hell, the homeless sexuality. Poca, lusty, I wish, as long as I'm in. Except for some sense of the cons we've never been short of them. You can be seen in drunk and hurl and tumble and slough it all away. Butch a kind, be a mushy drug aid. Lord a kind, be a mushy drug aid. So on G even trapea, an a mushy drug aid. Hey, happy St. Patty's day, all you drunks. I'm just just talking about Irish, you know, I mean, just, this is right. Excuse for people who get drunk, same-fanty, that's right. 742 votes on today's pool before we get anything else. Don't so worry about the shirt talking noodles, okay. Some of you will like them and some of you say, oh, fat. I'm here at that echo again, and I'm getting pretty tired. You have enough. Yeah, is that gone? Yeah, it's gone now. Why don't we keep doing that all week? Is this our first week on the air or what? Sure, I just don't know. Maybe our last week. Huh? Just the most of the other things. Not seriously, it's getting really annoying. You know, just cut the crap. What was that? I just, uh, kept your return on there. Well, cut it out. And look at that. We're doing this demographic pool, which we already out of. If we had any audience, we already had about 3,000 votes on her, because I realize it's only a snapshot of the whole audience, you know, about half. Ha ha ha ha. But Christ, Almighty, what's the story with these people? You are so a tharject. Just never saw a place that was like so dead. And look at that, we got no, the only category left that we have nobody on there yet, and our demographic survey, which we haven't done this in about three years. Hispanic white female 55 plus we got no old Julieta, no old green tutolieta. Come on. No, no, no, no, come on. Come on, Celia Cruz. I went all in none, zero, Cero. They're all with a radio mumbee and a radio CMI cool and all this other crap. Get with it. Speak at English and give it a program. We can place. So our total for a band of pet rest, you with our, um, but third man, pain with our CVs and teachers. I, I whipped out the ACD here. And we'll read some of the covers on there to try to like, uh, goose up a little business. I 18,275. Not, uh, and, you know, Well, when did we officially start this? Who and have weeks ago? Do we start it on the, I don't know, on your anniversary and the March 1st? Right. So today's the 17th. It means like two and a half weeks this thing's been going on. And we got less than 20 grand. And that's not very, uh, we'll be uplifting to me. Okay. Well, I'm just concerned. Almost as just concerned as the fact it's already 10 14. It's this phasing meal, rather than its costs. It's a, this is a time of year. What is everyone doing? They're hiring us. Say Colleen. Would you be working to come over to my place to help me, uh, a waxed matial, eh? Ooh, now that I wouldn't have to patch it with it, if you've been wearing the green, I know there's a smart laughing. She's making sure her that is wearing thick, They take fairly green protection over the Leopard Coltum. Goak is wishing at a toilet floor. I'd rather than for the gift to gab, especially if you plan an untissing some blind stones compared to what have you. Be double in your protection. With the Leopard Coltum, they're strong enough for a man. But I like him too. So take yourself a different condom. And you won't be kicking anything else. That's not to ask the huffer about the green bagels. I guess we don't get those at QAM, right? That was at IOD. We haven't ever here. Now, because the idea, at least IOD had a couple of Jews working there. Now, the only Jews we got in this day, is now the ones on the year. 10, 19 at QAM, here's a fact that says, thank you so much for posting the link to 9, 11, loose chain to addition to. Everybody must watch that if you got an IQ larger than your thumbnail. Larger than a hangmail? Since I'd loved to remind of theater, I have a showing for locals, and I was maybe going to find the bucks to do so. That would be great. All the way out, I have it like on TV, everybody ought to be. Of course, this is not a watch, sir, and I love it, and they're loose chains for it too. And I've kind of gone straight, and all of these, all of these things. But they won't. And they don't. Because they're busy. So anyway, those noodles. Yeah. I don't know. I tried to convince myself that they were good. They weren't bad. They were edible. And I put my sauce on there, my low car sauce. And the good news is my blood sugar actually went down. Half our after-rated, then what kind of like back up towards started, which is okay. And it didn't seem to have like any impact on my blood sugar. Because they're virtually zero carbs. Oh, that part of it's good. My suggestion is wash it off real good and nuket for three or four minutes, and then pour your stuff over it. And don't even use the whole bag. I'd use a half of bag. In other words, it's kind of like a filler to your sauce and your sausages, and maybe some mushroom, and some sour sauce. And then I'm going to try today like melting some cheese on it. Mmm. Mmm. Yeah. Because I'm always big on melting cheese and pasta. I love that. Okay, totally. I could even take a can of frank American spaghetti, which is real garlic. Oh, this is it. I know. You're going to remove it and you like take a slice of Swiss cheese. You jam it in your nuket and roll melt from the side. Oh, if you're the right mood like starving and you're going to die. You're going to die. I think it's a little bit of a scythe. I say really depressed. If you're going to try it, you're going to die. Oh, you're going to die. Oh, you're going to die. I think it's a scythe. That's a really depressed. If guilty was on here that day. Well, he's on here today. Oh, jeez. Yeah, let's look at that scazle. We got guilty at the end of center. We're too close to have noon. We've cost you a hundred bucks to walk up and say, hi to them. Mad dog at Conehens for the six thirty. By the way, I want you to be sure and get over there and buy a bunch of stuff because George Cortis will be there. And if he doesn't raise more than, oh, I'm canceling all through to checks. Even if he has to put up 20 bucks himself, pants are premium with six thirty. The pants are supposed to be either seven or five tonight. Well, I said big game for the islanders anyway. And any came from Atlantic City follows Panthers hockey. Any interest in those pants is no. So you're going to be out of Conehens. I'm sure you can do better than you did down there at Bernie State on the Cose Art. I'm sure of it. And what guy did you up? But he forgot his cash. Yeah. What do you want to do right now? You come back, buddy. He said he was coming back. Yeah, he was. So as General McCurther, he's coming back. I shall return. I know you're not done. Get lost. Before anything else, wait to hear the Citroes you've been in a crash. How they just misread everything. They're just just a bunch of Spineless cowards. They don't even know what's going on. And also your new hero, Lou Dobbs, idiot. Yeah. What is this man thinking as he lost his mind, Russ Fyngel? Well, guess what? A new pool finds that a plurality of Americans favor plans to censure George W. Bush. While he's surprising 42% favor was actually impeach your president. How do you like that? I like it a lot. A poll taken March 15th. That sounds like two days ago by American research group found that among all adults. 46% favor was Fyngel's plan to censure Elf President table just 44% opposed. Approval of the plan grows slightly when the sample has narrowed the voters up to 48%. And favor of centering be sitting president. Even more shocking. Oh my God. Is that just 57% of Republicans are opposed to the move. 14% still on the side of 29% actually in favor. The 70% of Democrats want to see Bush censured. Most surprising of all. The poll found fully 43% of voters in favor of actually impeaching the president, would just 50% of voters imposed. While only 18% of Republicans want to see Bush impeach, 61% of Democrats and 47% of independence reported they wanted to see the house move ahead with a conures resolution. The poll was taken March 13th to 15th. Monday to a Wednesday. I like that right during poor I'm no less. I probably had you saying. So there you go. Okay, here's our poll from yesterday. What simply doesn't mix? Not a bad poll. Thanks Sean. Come up with something good for a change. 1625 votes. Fundraisers in the show should have been on that would have been number one. Out of voting for it. 4000 times. Not doing that normal. It's going to be very aggravated. Just creeping along. Of course you're forgetting about a lot of the stuff like it. IOD. Camille's house had their own mailing list. Remember that? That's right. And so we get all every day we have like a whole physical and checks. A couple thousand. Right. A hundred plus the money it was coming from the appearances and stuff. Right. First of all, of course, I was being donated internally by everybody. I'm not doing that. I don't want to like put any muscle on anybody because it's just not right. I didn't want to do this in the first place. I don't want. Okay. I don't want it. Leave me alone. What simply doesn't mix? Church in state 501. George Bush in the White House. And 201. George in the area of 185. There's still killing each other until I get it right. Old Farts in driving 133 Black Hoax in movie theaters in 2023. Sex in Ponti 103 Money in marvelous. On 155 it's a bad mix. All right. Just keep your money in your pockets, and select the mac. I recommend you what time. I'm not giving you what time. Or whatever. Play what? Set your family's hands, shield. Sm king of death or elet. 넣인� 500 institution. Man. Just worry. Guns in Boo is 25. Dolphins in the Super Bowl 17. Sex in food 16. Love in marriage 15. Leo Rajasho and phone calls 13. Which we don't have any at the moment, and that's probably just as well. Radio in dumb jox 12. Oh Jay. Cubans in Democrats 10. High school in military recruiters 6. Panthers in a playoff's four. And old farts and movie theaters too. Well, I must have a bad memory. Maybe they just don't go to the movie theaters for the old farts are talking out loud. And repeating the dot. He's gonna say I heard Gertrote is gonna say, Oh, I just the shot the guy and it was I. Yeah. Or whatever. Ben Burried Jackass writes, this is just amazing. I just I don't get it. Do you get it? Get what? So the way they're just regular heels on this thing. I don't have any schedule for the white clearance. No, I don't either might be up on the board, but I don't have a way to go. No schedule. Well, maybe they're still deciding about that too. QM's general manager Joe Bell said there's no rush to fill the job they can't even how it's David. It's still wide open. He said, well, he's not great. So in March 17. So I say in patties day, that would be the pull to take by what holiday will we have the two the four slot filled. Fourth in July. Mayday Labor Day. Circus. Bell named for internal candidates Orlando Alza Gwery rock solid Steve Gelspin Kimbo, Campo and Curtis Stevenson and it's considering unspecified external options as well. External options as a breweries were as external. Meanwhile, I'm a Howard David been filling in the Zazalcos. I'm the year station 1050 MS after fan. That's the secondary sports talk station in New York. Of course. Go to that same. Well, there you go. No, Mr. Dodo. There's a lot of you sweetheart and happy for him too. We sure miss him. No one guys at Kolkutot. Like when they took 600 pounds two more off your back. Same kind of thing. So used to having it there. You miss it badly. Okay. Well, we get the demographic survey. How we're going to do that? Now, do we find that we find to get an oldest spiccat? No. We got freeway. No, spigot. Hispanic white female 55 plus. We got infected equals what Josh took in at Bernie Cossacks last night. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no. This is a meal, run. This is a terrible run as I wish. I'm six but he's the and some others they invoke even have an Irish name, but there's one man in particular who really is quite violent. Don't let his last name for your folks is not from the emerala. Oh, I'm telling you, I'm serious. He don't like wearing green. Yeah, I'll let go out with a last. Who's under each 15? I'll tell you, the entire is just a slaming punk and they are using silent. When they're listening to funk. No, I'm okay. The entire is in case it didn't roll. That's because real Irishman got college other brawl. No, that's because real Irishman not highly, rather brawl. You're friends. I think this legalized or status in the United States. There's the Irishman. They're a her and unfortunately, we have a time when I'm stable and secure lives for themselves and which is not like a letter. It's an old Alfredi Newman look video. It says a message. It's like, you're going to shut up on your watch. It's like, he sounds like lucky. Challenge for live together together and at Irish Brogman, it just this sends me right to the turlet. Anyway, our best home, I'm going to give one plug and then I'm just to wash my hands of it. You know, what am I going to do about this? 560 QAM, you better know your laws, Mr. the Bridgetender. We're saying it's a picture of me on the front and it's so the artwork is great. I'm stopping on the grave of the Bridgetender and the Bridgetender is looking at it looks like most must-grade is on top of the tombstone. It's up. Pay to visit. I see. And the handle of the Bridgetender is reaching up onto the grave. You better know your laws, Mr. because you sure don't. Anyway, here's some of the stuff that's on your young Neil, Old Neil, the Bridgetender. 5-mile dolphins on such we can't ever get for it. That's the on-sensor version too. Wow. Kisser but plain stomp. The on-sensor. The really long way out. Sitting out of Benchandell, right big black eye name Vanity, Bonne Scragewood, Eminenema, cowboy-dicisicream, the mode to do it a gildy. Puff the on-midi and airshow. That's where- Bob, turn man. From. Did it want it. Dickens cider. F. U. America. He said something. Take it lady. Donald Duck feels good. That was your original name. I have no idea why you changed it. Just to make it dirtier. The F.C. and V.C. song. I hate Q.A.M. Jesus Land. That's one of my very favorites. I'm going to play that. Joe's Peshie Tourette's PSA. Uncensored. If I only had a f***ness, down on my knees, slow some f*** it. Moe is leaving. Oh, what a die. Tying bagpipes is on there. Well, that's your place. Oh, here we're again. Uh-huh. Mr. Mulman. Who's deck is bigger. Bush fight song. Wonder Jack. Make me doi and thanks for the memory. This is a great stuff on there. Caught on the sensitive no less. Again, contains it all language and themes. Not suitable for children of warnings right there in the bottom. So in big, big letters. So if you can read, just to don't have like little kids out of the age of five, listen to it. So we're doing our annual, well, we haven't done it like I said in three years. We should be doing it more often. Keep in touch with our fading audience. Probably most of the audience is dead by now. Our annual demographic survey, which are you and then we've got the, do I really want to read this whole thing? I don't think so. That would be really boring. Even to me it's boring. 841 people have checked in so far. You got the whole weekend to do it. So far the overwhelming majority of our audiences, mail 2554, which of course is exactly what we want. Right. All right. Thank God for that. Yeah. Thank the Lord. Non-Hispanic, like mail 2554, 53% for 449. Non-Hispanic, like mail 55 plus old farts like me, 131, 15.5%. Hispanic, like mail 2554, 85. But females, we ain't got them. Now white, non-Hispanic, white females 2554. We got a few, 41. But after that, you got to really look for the females. Right. I'll start there. Look for them, women. Yeah. I mean, looking and looking and looking, a native American, that we got 6 males and 4 females. I didn't break down like black and the lights are making in Haitian and Africa and American and Canadian African. No. I certainly didn't break down Native American by age because I'm going to be got 10. Well, I mean, you know, we'll take 10 engines. That's fine. We love him. Our Hispanic white female, 2554, 4. Let's see. Let's see about under 25. Non-Hispanic, white, mail under 2521. White. Punks 21 and Hispanic, mail under 2514. That's not too bad. But young, young, look at this. Non-Hispanic, white female, under 251. One white chick under 25. Hey, like that. Black female, under 251. One dark chick. Oh, but we still old. And of course, the old Julietsa might be listening. They didn't have no computer anyway. You think that might be the excuse that we have none? Out of 853 votes. Hispanic white female 55 plus. They hate me. Like they hate us. They hate you especially. You sell out. You turn coat. Yeah, you speak. So hating. Well, I like them. No, you know. Old Julietsa is like your mother. You mean? No, not the old Julietsa. Well, we're talking 55 plus. Old man, old ancient. Even tool for you. WQA in, hello. Damn, I'm trying to get old, mail raiders. Speaking. How you doing? Okay. Okay. How did the noodles that you were talking about? Yeah. You should try to cook them with a bagin' air. Put a little water in your pot. They're for a bagin' air. Cook it that way. And then put some sausage in there. They're a pot. They're a pot. They're a whole lot different. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Great thing. Thank you too. Thanks. For a little egg in you. Sure talking noodles. I'll try them. I'm gonna skirmer with it this weekend because I got like nine more bags of it in there. Oh, right. I don't know. I'm waiting for... No, it's not bad. But it certainly isn't like revolutionized people's tastes because most of you are kind of like it. I'm not kind of like a lie. The one I have no vested interest if I did, I would lie to you. You know, if they want to pay me. But just a lie to you. This is going to hell of it. What would I gain by that? So this beamfield stuff that ever shows up. If I ever return my email, I'm going to get a certain wonder about that. Anybody out there ever try that dreamfields? Locard pasta? Because I got that coming too. 560560 pound-560 only Verizon singular wireless line. I'm in the mood for 4,000 calls today. You know? Just in one of those strange moves. I got to hear up my... That film knows. Somebody to QAM. Hello. Thank you. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, just... The lady to your noodles, I was thinking also, did I say you could boil them? Because that might take some of that flavor out. Yeah. Yeah, very old. She's better than mushy, like, when they're not curler of them. Okay, I'll give her a bit of it. Now, see, this isn't good. I didn't say there was any better, isn't any bad taste. It says there has no taste. Delicious but no taste. But there is chewy and slippery. You know what I mean? It says they don't taste like real, uh, we're which are not, they're not real, low-aposting. You know? So I guess, you know, I think the second time I tried today, I'm gonna like do a little cheese number in there. Every little cheese. A little cheese number. I think I did one this morning. No, we're talking about it. Anyway, 560, you know the rest. WQAM. Hello. Hello. This is a fake rhyme. Is that it? That was it. That was a... That was a... That was a... Wow. Maybe even worse than the one we have today. How they do fake rhymes. Well, you people are so original, man. It just scares it. It makes me so pleased that I'm out there. You can't even imagine. Oh, yeah. There are no words to describe how ecstatic I am that I'm almost never there. Oh, look at that. I would like that call so much. I put them on hold. WQAM. Hello. Yes, WQAM. Yes, noodles line. There's a flat. Yeah, the drink field's pasta is excellent. You can get it at a public town here in South Florida. Are you serious? Oh, yeah. No, I get it all the time. And it's almost no carbs in it. Yes, it's wonderful. Well, I got some order that Hupel has chosen up before I croak. Thanks for the good news, Pally. Okay. Thank you. You've got some, and that stuff is made with a special process I've been reading about. Lee, at least, let's say, or they won't be clean. That blocks most of the carbs, but it looks in its like regular pasta. It's not this like stuff. It's make the leaf stuff in a smelly bag like this. You're talking noodle stuff. I mean, you open that thing up and, oh, and stress that you don't like fish like I can't stand to remember how many times have I talked about that? That like an open-ear market like, oh god, I stared like that's throwing up in my mouth a little bit. Can't stand it. Do we have any old Hulu yet to I'm going to keep, I'm going to keep looking at that. I don't care about the other numbers on there. It's just a none. Let's just get one. One, two. It's got to be some old, uh, Hulu, O'Lady with a sense of humor. Yeah, what's wrong with you old, uh, speaks. God, Hispanic white female 50 pi plus none. Aloy, there's a lot of these other ones, too. Especially in the female categories. We ain't got no women. That's just the way it is, you know? To- Now, ask me if I care. This is your meal Roger yourself. This is 5.16. Why do you breast food? It's late at night. You're all fast asleep and I shut away figure as about to break into your home. What's your own protectors? Yes, it's the same brown home security alone. The harvest working alone in the safe to business. Design by the godfather of home protection himself. The game's final off protects you from furglars, Fandals, creep and tall. And if you act off, will include no extra guards. The fattened of James Brown, hot past, fire alone. So, put the soul patrol on your keyhole. With the James Brown home security system. You'll stay. I mean, good. Okay, so here's the deal. What we're doing for our fundraiser today. 11 to 1. 11 minutes and 15, 14 minutes. 11 a.m. to 1.p.m. Well, he's already there. He just called me. Okay, well, just toned down a couple of knots. You're not going to be excited. You want me to be excited, you know? No, I'm not in a Friday. Well, he's there. Monday. Monday. I need to be excited and get rid of you. No, by Friday, we winded down a little bit. Okay, just relax. Toned back a couple of knots, please. Hey, this is a holiday for me today. Why is that? I'll be, uh, Irishish. I'll be boosin' it up later. Well, published parking lot for Hollywood Young Circle. No, so in other words, it takes a holiday for you to be boosin' it up right. Like any day. Oh, this punk. 11 to 1. The event will be at the public's parking lot. Hollywood Young Circle. And then to it, today tomorrow on Sunday, 4 to 6. 30 of coal mines grill at 51 81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood. And Josh will be drinking up a storm there and probably giving away the name. See these in teachers. No, I don't know about that. Since you're so proud of being Irish, Mr. Hot Shot. Let me pass this along to you. New York City's first openly gay city council leader, said she's boycotting the St. Patty's day parade because organizers, barred Irish gays and lesbians from joining the festivities for a 16th straight year. How do you like that? Yeah, this might be a bit we play. Anybody can be Irish unless of course you're gay. I can't deny who I am in any given days of council speaker Christine Quinn. The mighty Quinn. What if she's kind of Pat Quinn? He's going to be a can. She's such a lot of 10 several prep for a breakfast along with massive St. Patty's cathedral, but will not join 150,000 marchers today on Fifth Avenue. Quinn who took office in January said the censored brokering a deal with the ancient order of five virions. Oh brother, hi, Bernie. I know. The ancient order of hi, Bernie is for the 145th parade fell through. The city's Irish gays had long hoped to marks behind their own banner like other groups. Now, the way you think I can't read now is that when you're trying to tell me, I know the hi, Bernie is way back. Maybe your vision is going blurry. No, my vision is fine. I can see it. I see it real clear, you know, when it shows up I see it. The title at Irish gays march out of their own banner dates to 1990. One for when parade organizers first rejected an application from the Irish lesbian and gay organization. I didn't even know there was an Irish lesbian and gay organization. There is no. The organization said they wanted to keep politics out of the event, which attracts as many as two million spectators. Well, as Irish they always liked their taters. Instead, 35 members march with the man ahead and division of the hi, Bernie and his and unmayor David Dinkens. The group was sprayed with beer and insults as it walked up to that avenue that was his last appearance in the parade. Yeah, the Irish hate it when you spray the wood beer. Near Michael Bloomberg, who marks today, genders the hi, Bernie into change their stance and lead the gay contingent in. I've always believed this is a city where all parades should be open to everybody. Orientation and gender should not be deciding things. Said Bloomberg. He also said, oh, I like that. Just like that. He leads me limp and he's got, you can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have any. He's as boring as old, spilled milk. The arena for the first round NCAA men's tournament game between Alabama and Marquette was temporarily evacuated yesterday. If your bomb sniffing dogs, tell us as spacious package about two hours before tip off. The dogs detected the package inside a four-by-inch condom and contained an eventor cart outside Katsurina at San Diego State University. A bomb robot was sent to the scene FBI spokeswoman Jan Callwell said CBS news learned that the alterity of the winning took place less than two hours before a tip off. Fans began filing in 40 minutes before the rescheduled tip off. Marquette tears with the first take for four who cares about that. No bomb was found. Well, guess what it was actually, should not be like a bad weeny. Is what it was? Did I see dogs sniffing a bad weeny? I'll turn. No, no. Just this moment. That's what it was. So there was a bad weeny and a vending cart in the dogs sniffing that I was just probably good. Probably said somebody food poisoning. There was no bomb no terrorist. So I'm not that we're in a panic or anything like that you understand. I'm still like it and no return email for my friends. What is it? Dreamworst? Dreamfield? Is Dream our dream on? Dream on Randy? Then that buggy when the email is something just wait and wait and wait and then when you release your script you get to respond or not. I'm after calling it to a clock just bitch them out. I might do it during this break. Call up and say, where's my damn pasta dammit? And now that the guy called and said it's really good stuff. Maybe I'm going to find it in my supermarket instead of wasting my time. Although I have bought three things this week online ordered them all on Sunday and Monday and they're all here. That nice. That's great stuff actually shows up. I like that business by stuff online. Who? Call me new fashions. Not real funny that he likes some people. All I don't know nothing about computers. That's it. That's just based my bloodbore. I don't get it. Why not? Come out of the 21st century. Here are my chains. Come out of the 20th century. We still have no old who yets. They're, you know, something they're out there. They just, they probably got a 15 computers sitting around. They're just doing it to piss me off and they're succeeding. Which they always do. Come on Easter come on Easter I'm at a cone come on Easter bugger on. Baba Baba Baba Baba you know that crap. Oh crap. I'm good. What the hell you kidn you old bags? I'll just like your mother. Oh yeah. Somebody QAN hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. Happy sake. God he's day. I brought this a clue already. Okay good. Somebody QAN hello. Yeah. We're not paying that I want to get you. Oh god. Somebody QAN hello. Hi. I got three person. Hello. Somebody QAN hello. Neil I think I've got an answer to that dog sniffing incident over there in Diego. I'll go take good go tell to somebody. 567. 560. 560. Verizon. Sing it or wireless line like I said I'm in mood for 100,000 calls today. You'll see. It's going to be special. Like line nine. Josh is a person line QAN driver. Yeah. Hey there we are. Fake Eddie. You got to work on that a lot. I'm sure he is. This guy sounds like he's like doing it 24 or 7 and the Eddie imitation too. Somebody QAN Eddie line hello. Somebody QAN. So that's not like the sloth over from the last one. Wow. QAN. Yeah. He won't. Somebody QAN hello. Any news to the King of Old Media? Oh brother. Who was that line? That might have been plain line. He might have been a new one. He will call somebody. He might have been a new one. He might have been a new one. Nobody. No. No. Even if I'm QB and got nothing. That was interesting to think about that. Had to job yesterday. It was on the FMQB website. We're still there. They got their head so far. Power is but that it's coming out as earlobes. So for them to do like a sliced job on that. And it like do all that open and Anthony stuff. That was pretty amazing. And I looked at it and see if there was a follow up and no. No denial. WDQAN hello. Yes. Yes sir. Like to have a chronic off. No. WDQAN hello. Hi. It was on the FMQB. Hi. I was wondering when the band went um we're going to be the police on your young soap. I wanted to make a video about it. 11 to 1. 11 to 1. Perfect. I'm going to be in that area. Excellent. Great. Bring a lot of cash. I'm bringing lots of them. Thank you. I'm just coming from the bay. Well, I just got Spain to buy a kid. A little kid for no reason. Some two-methan 50 watt is online at the bay. Well good to hear that. Yeah, I can't believe it. That's the F-Lord FMW. Okay. Thanks. We are. Bye. Bye. Bye. Some two came up in Spain to write a new old recto. We probably enjoyed it. And knock it out. Just bring us a lot of cash. You'll be in the room about to all that other Schminer Rye. 560560 and the Verizon and Sincular Rye was lying. There were a lot of my mouth and I have no idea where they came from. That's good. I like that. Sure. There's spontaneous history of unconsciousness. 918 tallies. They're already. It's not where you vote. Tally's. Check-ins. Pally. That's the whole audience, I think. And no old. We still got the big set over there. We go to the whole weekend and there's not one. I'm going to have a conducting investigation. I'm going to get rumble and towels and chairs to go in and investigate. Not for non-doers. Go through the domino park. See what those old bags are doing. Radio Mambi and Radio, whatever. Let's see other one. Puma Nesum. What about that crap is? There's senior. And of course they're getting a real good perspective on what life is all about. What's going on in the world? From the far right. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. You guys are great calls this morning. I must be at typical Saint-Patti's Friday. Hey, listen. Last week you did a poll. We could go up on a poll about a woman fantasizing about. No we didn't. WQAM. Hello. Two AM. Two AM. Two AM. Line Strangler. WQAM. Hello. Last year. Mark that down line one malfunction. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I wanted to ask me also. Go ahead. Oh, shoot. Did you? I used to come down here in the 70s. You were talking about which is named Larry King in the track. Did you know that he used to be on the show called Race to Riches? There was a contestant show and they play films of races and the contestants would pick with horse one and he was the host of that show. Really? You never saw that. Never. Never heard of it. You never heard of it. You never heard of it. And then they do it that. So it was a woman. I saw that company. I was back in the 70s. I thought you were either known that. I don't have a bonus for. Okay, well that's a pretty interesting. Little Larry King trivia there. Where you saying? I didn't know that. That was special. That is great radio. I agree. You got to know where you got your thumb right on it. It's not those as fun as one more time for it. That was wonderful. Our annual demographic survey, which are you and we got all the demos and all the categories and spows and shows and honkies and whatever. All on there for you. Ages? And we still got no old who to get that. You don't tell me your mom and all listen. She doesn't. Good. Thank you for that. If he heard you ripping her an ass. She knows people. Well, they're worst. One of the worst things I can imagine is somebody going on the air and ripping their mother. Who was this thing? A meal Roger. This is 5.62. This is the meal Roger itself. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock solid. This is a brain. Any questions? Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go Irish. It's a sad thing. We're treating whiskey. Cause it's a pass day. We're getting real tipsy. Cause it's a pass day. I never thought he'd wear and because it's a pass day. I'm the end of all. Can't listen a mob. I also saw another round because you know you want to talk. And it's a corn leaf. Me, for a tire scrub. It must be a comb. It's just a wormhole. You can tell me on the team. A few scourgrain called and six to work done here at 9.15. Two is a morning difference. I'm going to leave. I'll pick until I leave on March 17. Don't try to act like you're really Irish today neither. If you're worrying and being a pub all the time, just follow our all pilages. But first, which is the song kindness that I made on the place. And if you're treating naked adults. It's 11 o'clock in five six. We definitely feel like I'm guilty. Much, much, too much guilty lately. Especially this week, man. Way too much guilty, Joe. Way way too much. Oh God. Give us a break already. I guess they're still okay. Good with that very jackass. But like we said, the other day, we don't care. We're just here to do the rest we can under impossible circumstances. Now I got this whole stack of pretty good stuff here, but I don't know how many feel I'm doing it today. You know? They would tell tomorrow. No, I just don't because the cause they're coming pouring in. What? What are you like? What are you chuffling about? All right. What if you hold myself a party or a hyper? God. Gay versus Muslim soccer said in Netherlands, I heard about that this morning. I've Dutch multicultural group is organizing a soccer term in between Gaze and Muslims. Hopefully, no matter what a study published yesterday was a rising tide of fear among Gaze. A nationwide survey by the police research academy in Netherlands said that most Gaze questioned feel unsafe and reported experience verbal attacks in the last year. You're fairy. Of the 776 homos are responded to an internet question. They're 80% said they believe their safety was threatened at some time during the year said academy director Fritz V. Black, V. Black, who commissioned the research. Only 2% said that were physically assaulted, black said in the interview, but some 40% claim they've been insulted or verbally abused. You're fairy. You're from a rocket and Turkish background, so I'm more blamed for the incidents while I figure. The cause homosexualities not widely accepted many Muslim cultures. Well, thank God, it says no, Muslim homos. Parts of the Muslim community still resist homosexuality and we see a little education about it. He says, Muslim gay tension is the theme of the soccer term organized by the Institute of Multicultural Development. In order to organize with a group said she hope the competition will help ease those tensions so that people can openly talk about homosexuality. The Muslims can take their choice of teams. She said, people have many identities. A Latin team along with the team of a well-latten team now to be an overflow crowd for that one. Along with the team of all women players has also been assembled for the government's sponsored competition, a Latino team of homos. Of course, you're only one. How many million? About 30 million? It's just in the Netherlands. 560, 750, 560, pound 560, they've arrived in a single-largest line. How we do not have their at public space. Now, let's see, our goal today is 1725 bucks to get to 20,000. I don't hear a response. And what do you want to give me updates like every break or how's this working? We're not doing that anymore. Whatever you want. I didn't think we, yeah, I thought last time we didn't want to do it. And you didn't get it to me seriously on that. That's what makes you have a side thing. Okay, keep calling every break, Roli. Yeah, makes you have a side thing, Roli, Roli, Poli. Come on, every break we went on up there. Why did he call you yet? He just called me when he got there. Well, he's been there for one. I've been there for about 15 20 minutes. And so the people ought to be lined up. Public parking lot at the Hollywood young circle man. I remember young circle of Hollywood people used to cruise round at circle cruise in cruise late at night. Yeah, they're redoing the whole thing there. Are they really? Well, that's because we don't want to more cruise on air. Like, come cruise. You're fairy. WDQA and how? Hey, good morning, you. Yes. Happy to have you in the grocery. And I want to say thanks for the, um, who's changed, uh, thing on the internet. Well, there's at least 10 people are saw. Right. That's good. Are you serious stuff, huh? Couple more things. Um, I remind George and the other guy of what happened to the birds. They seem to be getting a little sarcastic. Yeah. Uh-huh. And, uh, how? And you've got one of these voices. How are you able to um, do the time, uh, delay? When you give the time. How might I love you the time to label? Does that mean? So when you say it's 10 minutes after a webinar. Yeah. And you're on a 15 second delay. We have a special clock. Yeah. And I don't think we've been given the seconds. All I will start doing that pretty soon. I'll use the second hand. My nice, uh, citizen watch. Have a Thai machine. I think they're the second future. Yeah. That was from across the street, by the way. Mm-hmm. Is that any QA in? Hello. It's Neil. I could smell it. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think he's been asked to cut out the sentences. My roommate wanted me to call him and say, please, three of Chinese Italian. Chinese Italian. They look like a variation. Mm-hmm. But we don't have to people. We don't have to see these. We both love it. Uh, he's inviting. We bought this. That's a TV. Always back from 92. Actually, I believe in the key questions up. Five six seven. Oh, five six. The pound five six. The only variety in Cigarette, where I was lying. I was going, I was going to email that to Bob Blabo, D'Lastard, you know, because he's got a good sense of humor and spite of all of his trivials. He's got to have. But I know that would have been bad. When I keep your chin up. Yeah, it would have been. I don't know how much weight he's lost since he said all he's, uh, oh, hope a lot. See, that's the great thing, man. I'm down to 190 man on that scale because, uh, of course, yesterday was a part of personal wood bind day, so that would be us in count. But that pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, it's not that bad. I don't know why you keep ripping it. That's your attack. You're a T, I guarantee you wouldn't need it. Does this work? I'm just telling you, wouldn't eat it. Or you eat that cup of noodle scrap. That's a, that's my little neck. Okay. Oh, this is far superior to that. Especially if you like that guy said before maybe like, you know, boil it a little bit with an egg. Maybe put a little butter in there, little garlic and butter. But they're chewy. It's not, it's not what you're especially when you bite into a noodle. You don't know what I'm saying? I mean, sometimes you put thing in your, something in your mouth you're expected to have a certain text you're in your currency and then it does not. You know, what's that? You know, like that. That's right. I'm sure you've had that experience. No. I know I have. W, W, K, L, M, hello. I pro, Zach. Good. Dominic, you, I am, hello. Yeah, Cliff reports that Lucy. I need tips off. Yeah. Um, uh, they're talking about for office on a couple weeks ago. Uh, I just want to add some to that. They will rip still quitting at any chance they can and call them a liar. Yeah. They're extremely hesitant to rip, uh, W and what really is the icing on the cake. Wow. I really don't what's been many more. And we don't know if you, you did you call me with a couple weeks ago with the same side of the dance about Bob and Tom? No. Oh, somebody else is calling you. I just want to add to it. If you did a lie for a note from the Bahamas, you're talking about how great the food and service was. The Bahamas there. Well, I guess they can't stand Bob and Tom. They got some funny bits, but they don't do them anyway. Five six seven and then there were nothing worse than somebody's got funny bits and doesn't do them themselves. Tom finds just nothing for rising and singular wireless lines. Yeah, well, we got such a big staff on a show, you know. By the way, I can actually give you a check, uh, one of these days. I'm not too soon when it's due. Well, he gets all, you know, I don't want to start getting like three medications from you via him and with the other way around. Oh, you better. That's not it. Anyway, like, well, good. I hope he's really flush. Don't say it. He's flush. He's flush. He's bits lately. Although I do like, uh, what are you going to do about it? You're fair. Yeah. They said it. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. That's a big staff on the show. You weigh in. Hello. I was ready at it. Where is this truck going to be on Saturday? I want to pick up the CD. Tomorrow at 4 to 6 30 at Colnont's Grill, 51 81 Sheridan Street Highwood. Okay. I was also wearing a jacket. I'll be at 5 in shape or not. Okay. He's checking it out. Where is he? He's not he's going to work. He's going to be on the first. He said he had a nice shape for the ass. And he likes your picks. 5 6 7 0 5 60. That that that was one of the classic lines I can tell you guys in good shape. All right. It's just, I'm going to go jog it with the guy. You can get out in here. Good shape my ass. Come on. Come on. Good. Oh, you'd be between the two of you, man. It's just a lot of variety of panic. Oh, no. We don't know. We don't look. We don't know. Okay. What are you thinking about getting you to admit that you're just just there all the way. I'm working on it. Let's slow, slow, slow take. Take this. How we doing with that old who yet? Let me take a look. None. 983 people have checked it on there. It'll be up all weekend so we can get up to about like 40,000. I think somebody should drive their grandma out of the computer. It's a panic way to email 55 plus none. I think it's more for us to use this way. I think so that when we get the first one, it'll be like we like, oh, look at there. Some guy in New York walking a women gamblers walking a mimpin or some chick in New York. Unless it's a guy where we're going here. No, it's women. We're going to check. No man would have a mimpin. No, straight man would have a mimpin. Well, that's what I mean. Oh, women gamblers. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't like that. I do something novel about that CNN. I'm says with women gamblers my guy. You go to a casino like that. I'd say they just discovered that there are more than the net out there were. Oh, I see. Wow. Love it. Sean, love that we thought because we didn't. How many QAM? Hello. Like the bitches of woodvine a browser wanted to play two or three machines at the same time even when it's crowded. Those women. I got a message for them. How many QAM? Hello. I'm good. Yeah, sir. Uh, a couple months ago, something you played a bit like a, would you or six years old and having your radio show? Yeah. Uh, do you play that? I can't like the, uh, the, yeah, that's a bit there. And I thought it was really funny. I would like to hear a saying, well, watch that. I think that again, man. A lot of stuff going around. Okay, young me or you got a man. All right, good bit. Sure. I got ordinarily. I wouldn't play that. But I'm essentially good mood today. That's another reason. Pretty. Huh? Tell the disc so you can make a problem. I could have played it off of their guy. Be terrified to play anything off that disc. It's not about the party mouth stuff. Definitely be afraid. I would be afraid that once we'd be out of business. I'll tell you that right now. How we doing with that survey? Pretty soon. We're going to have a thousand people are checked in on it. What if you impress a vessel who audience of course? 986. We better have over by the time we come back from this break. The video will be over a thousand people on air. I'm going to be really porked off. 97. Look at that. They're they're checking on air by the ones. And look at the other categories. They're like, uh, non-Hispanic white female under 251. The old white chick, one. Asian female 25 to 54. One. Asian male under 25. Two. I'm only going to read the ones with zero. One and two. Asian male under 25 to Hispanic white female under 25 to a sort of mandate dose. Black female under 25 too. Well, we know they're not listening here. That's for damn sure. Black female 55 plus old black ladies too. Like, auntie Obama. Asian female under 25. Only two sort of mandate dose. Well, you know, we got our niche man said 25 to 54. Thank god our bonuses are based on that even though we'll never get another one. Right. He's a gives us a little a little ray of hope. You know what I'm saying? If you're really hungry right now, head for a feast for lunch at John the Baker. I mean, Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, Americans, youngest talk show host, six year old new Rogers. Okay, this for Don's Mayo and their family's last in the hour. Let's teach them cars. Only. Yeah. Yeah. Nails. How's it going? Right. That's good. What's the right care for my subscriptions? Are the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle? All the good ones didn't see. We're in a version that people are in. Then I asked how many other people did like what? And they said, no, my business. Yeah, we're a little nicer there. Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of Americans. Have a nice life. There are. How else? A one is speak to Neil. Do you got him? Samaritan. Yeah. Neil. Yes. Neil, you're a stinky, pink, or bluish, niff and said, what a retopantry. Freyco, British, the day so far. Did we say pingsy? Sounds me good off. We're a mung brain. I want my advice. Food and mouth every Saturday to finish up. And this guy calls me named. She and my new sister. Same on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the Moran P? No, what are you tackling about eggs? This is my son. A Moran, a British nurse. The world in space is me in here with an egg. Shack is my daughter. Send me to Castle. Hello. How are you? You're used to be such a nice boy. How am I your son, pal? How are you? Yeah, but you can't share enough. You can't share enough. I don't need this. It's all for some other stations. The TV, a mora, friend, don't you? By the way, I say you're an everything you grow test. Steps you and you do that. Unbelievable. To need the hell out. Hello, is this new hunkers? Look at the son that you want sir. How far again? Do you have a dial phone or a one? No, I had to put it to the operator. Who? What's the... What's the game today? Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked him. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I listen to him or he's a daughter-in-law man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in two? Oh, she's got a gift that's done. And if you think he's been out, wait Joey, you had to. Oh, boy. Okay, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of this shell. But I don't know. Oh, God, God, I think that's it. Thanks a lot to all for requesting the palacus. It's long. It's sweet and out of this long. That's the one we're demon, uh, yeah. It's guy going. The only redeeming thing. The spies. And we got well worth a thousand of people took in. The thousand twenty two hundred demographics survey. And we still got all the Juliets. Oh, none. Oh, Juliets is already among me. Come on, you stuck company. It's the mighty corn. I made fat of them. I would like that. Well, tell them. I'm going to get into my pile now. Okay, we're talking a lot of great calls. How are we doing over there at the public's 60 bucks, so far? You know, I'm going to tell you something. I think Duffney's is spanking. Although he might like it. You're fairy. I am so aggravated with that child. You know, he wouldn't see anyone in a lie. Why? Because this isn't a positive. It's a negative. It's a donor. No, I mean, coming at a time when you know 30th anniversary. If you think, oh, this is going to be really great or starting. Dada, da da da da da da da da. You're a positive. No, that's a negative. It's a donor. It brings you. Don't bring me down. Let's play that all day by the enemies. Don't bring me down. Eric burdening and the animal. A burden he's placed on us, you know. How come he's that out there running around collecting money? I don't see him doing nothing. Mr. Regini is Mr. Hot Shot. Mr. Sticking is no longer going along. Duff. Now, what do they stuck his ass and sales? Wouldn't be the worst place it's been from I'm here in. No old Juliette is. The 40, what do you say? 60 bucks. Yeah. And he's been there since the 10 before. So let me say it again. This is the last time. I'm not going to sit here in big old age. Why should I do that? The study's shining. It's a little bit chilly side. It's about the... About 30 minutes. But it's pleasant. It's fine. No snow. When it is gone, it's coming gone. Wasn't much here. Spring is strong. In fact, what all day is spring official is like the 21st, right? He's lovely today. We're looking at the 20th. The 20th. Yeah. So like midnight on Sunday is a spring already. We're going to be springing into it. So that part of it is all good. But this other stuff, if you want to help us out with this best... Not 30 man. Okay, rescue. If you want to get your... Because it might be worth something someday. I'm sure it won't. But I'm just lying. And I'm just telling you that. I went through and read all the titles off and they're all the neat stuff like that. Like, you know, that I just play that song here. You can listen to it until you're blue in the face. So you're sick till you want to peek your guts out. So you want to do your show 400 pounds. If you were talking noodles down here, fat gullet. Okay. Or not. You can just like put it up on a wall. It still had the plastic on it. Like a collector's item, you know? Like we do with stands. Remember when you stand collecting, you put them little cellophane things? No, I never did that. Get out of here. You never were a stand collector? Sorry. That's for rich kids. No. No, and it is not for rich kids. No, when I was a kid, you'd send away like a $2 and get like 600 stands. You have $1,000. You have $2 when you were a stay on head to picture Hitler on him, but nevertheless. Uh huh. So here's the ideal. The QM fan is at the public parking lot. And Hollywood Young Circle from now will want to come up to a role is there. Do you have to be intimate with me? Gelsenot there. You don't have to tell him how shape his asses or what good shape he's in. And nothing like that. Because I don't know who the hell role he is. But I guess he's he's just a guy. Okay. He's not looking for compliments. You don't have to slap money. You ask like that lady got slapped in a bank. Just go there and toss him cash his way. We got to teach you. It's a lie. If you want to slap money, I see probably my enjoy. You know. Yeah. A little slife. See what we're saying. Might go somewhere from there. And that's it. Then I'm doing my part and that's all I can do. Because these things have been as much of a dud as much of a clock or this year. And I knew they would. I mean just, first of all, I hate to say this. But a lot of these bits around the CD. There were there are other ones. Right. You know, you're after you're we've listened to me. We've been listening. I'd like to Wayne stop in a bridge tender with young the young and it's fine. And a lot of people don't want to spend 20 bucks for a lot of stuff that they've already got. Doin stuff has never been on any others. You're wrong. Absolutely right. How much you want to bet? I don't know. 20 bucks. I'll bet you next four years pay against the dime. How's that? All right. I'm telling you right now. It was only one. Maybe the first one. I got it. All right. Not the long version. That's never been on one. That's not the original one. Yeah. Done here. Sorry. All right. That's the original long version. Remember we got rid of the cart. And if any version has ever been on a cart, it was the short version, which I doesn't even make sense on a CD that is. If it's on anyone, it'll be now you want. No. Wrong. All right. Wrong. But it's a call. Short version. The only one is what it's called. Uh-huh. Okay. I don't know what it's long. It's short. It is on here though. This is the very first one we had on CD. Remember the burden I used to put my cassettes and he would like to write a double cassettes, copies them. And Pat, which was having copies too. It's a minute need. How long for one on a spare CD? I don't know. A total of three. Imagine. Yeah. This is the short version. When you guys destroyed the cart, you destroyed the original Who cares? Like I said, there's a lot of stuff on here. I mean, you know, you're always looking at the paper. Pat, Pat, Pat, Pat, Pat, Pat, I mean, but it was a well that's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's like that's an accurate sales point. That's a very good point. The long you'll never find this anywhere in the end. Right. You auctioned only. Are about to be. Not good. Maybe. There's another reason that you don't want it. Now, well, you'll see. We'll raise about 300 today. Like I, you know something we ought to just stop. Well, just leave it on the website. I just don't have the uh, the enthusiasm. What? We can do that. No, I just don't have the enthusiasm to continue with this. It's a farce. It's, it's a shadow of what it used to be. First of all, we're on the wrong way to your station. That's number one. Secondly, look at this demographic. So we need to prove beyond. Look, Joe Bell, I hate to break the news here. Because he came over to us from Kiss, which is on FM, Country Kiss, where they're kissing it. The fact that it matters is that most living and breathing people. That's why we have no women. Okay. Women don't listen to AM radio. They're quite frankly, most people under the age of 100 don't listen to AM radio anymore. Either AM radio is when I would high button shoes. When I would white bucks AM radio is dead than a door nail. It's dead than per heaver. Okay. Double we got the HD no. The like I said, how many HD sets are there in the world? About 30 minutes. That's my case. HD my ass. By the way, when's that to a Shiba HD thing coming out? The DVD HD. Yeah, we're really going to start. We're going to start. Great. If it's the, oh. God, it's going to be fantastic. Can you imagine especially with our technical capabilities we got here with this science engineering staff? Our annual demographic survey, which are you. We've got a thousand and forty feet people checked in. There's not one old Hispanic by female zero. That is shocking. Does that tell you a lot about South Florida and my it's, I think we ought to put an answer. We're just next to all of our records because it is so much more impressive. By the way, does that survey about, uh, see how much of the, he, I've said if we decided not to do anything more for the CD, right? I just leave it on the website and get so many people would be upset with that. Oh, right. No. Well, we'll take the survey inside our studios around side both. I see. Hey, the first of all, it's it's bad radio. The audience is wanting here. This is not going to say to you, we keep begging and pushing. And I give these embarrassing numbers. It's bad. It's really stupid. It's like the office reminds me of it's the opposite of what this station did when I had when Greg Coatesx did that Phantom polar and the sun and the harrow. When everybody else just laid back and I'm afraid they were told to do that. I'm positive about that. And when we, we, we single had to let kicked acid these idiots across the street because we don't want to be embarrassed. It's like that and reverse. That's what this station specializes in. You know, the other specialty about putting your best foot forward. Uh-huh. We're always putting our worst foot forward. I thought we put our athletes foot forward. We're, we're having like peg leg dates. This is Neil Rogers. This is five and I see your camping face. Neil Rogers is my lover. Congratulations. Get a ride. I'm playing. I'm playing. Man, where's I? We've got some action here and we've got a whole different pattern like that. You can press it. What are you so excited? I don't know what the blue is. Maybe we just did that some sharpening up. Could be. Could be. I think we should say your mama might have voted on her just to give somebody voted on her. Oh, I got to look at one then. So we got one and every category so far. We got one. Of course that's probably all we got but that's okay. So we got a thousand sixty seven respondents so far. That's a whole audience. I remember we used to have a big audience. Well, that's funny because we have a hundred and sixty dollars. Yeah. A little bit. What's our country with yeah, when we back in those days we probably might not have like 1600. See, when we had like ten times the audience we got now. What are we going to get that two to four resolve? What are we going to get like somebody in that place that's got some concept of what it's all about? I guess we're not. And we don't care. Like I said, week from today is payday. Airlines, screener, scale cover. Well, what is so many you think about this idea of just the let's let's just stick it after they do the. Huh? Okay. I mean, well, what's the problem with that most of our people have got computers. We're going to access the line. Right. I just got to ordering all this merchandise online and three out of four things showed up so far. And the other one I mean, very impatient on because that's the one I want the word is the dreamfield spaghetti. It'll be on the site and you can mention it or not as you remember. Yeah, every now and then or not like loose change part two which we've helped you watch. We know you won't. I know that maybe 10 or 20 of you watched it because it's an hour and 20 minutes long and there's a lot of stuff in there that most of you don't want to see because it's bad news. But that's where it goes. You know, though, father was with stuff like that which busy trying to get laid. Well, that's more important. Believe me, trust me. Imagine that explosion's drawn up to blow a car's trunk apart caused by a bomb inside a passenger plant. Government sources call NBC news that federal investigators recently were able to carry materials needed to make a similar homemade bomb on a bomb of rendezvous. And on the other hand, the security screening of 21 airports in a bomb of the Kenya. And all 21 airports tested, no machine, no swab, no screen or anywhere stopped the bomb materials from getting through. Even when investigators deliberately triggered extra screening of bags, nobody discovered these materials. NBC news before my news together at the time came and chairman of that 911 light wash commission on the results. I'm a pollinated, he said, he's a pollinated. I'm dismayed in the instrument he really does surprise me because I thought that a permanent homeland security is making some progress on this. And evidently they're not. Oh, yeah, good old Mickey churn off there. He's doing it. He's still in the Mickey. Tech of a job, Mickey. Investigators for the GAO conducted the test between October and January to request a Congress. The goal was to determine how many vulnerable, how you out vulnerable US Airlines out of a suicide bomber using cheap readily available materials. Investigators found a recipe for homemade bomb from easily available public sources and brought them as a settlement to chemicals, other materials over the counter. For security reasons, NBC news won't reveal anything ingredients for the foreign force tested. Probably a good idea. The report itself is classified by the Lee handled in the vice chairman of that white wash commission says the fact that so many airports fail this test is a hugely important story that the American travelers entitled to know. NBC news has to bomb technician to get the same materials with symbol and explosive device to determine its power. The materials for the bomb that exploded the car is struck fit in the palm of one hand. NBC news show the results to Leo West former FBI bomb expert. I wonder if he's can to Leo Cudillo. Potentially and explosion about technically to destruction of the aircraft said West when a bomb at the can to fit in your hand. Got it? I got a bomb at the same time. It can be dangerous. Now along the same lines, nothing we want to get you a panic here, nervous. Right away, I'm sure talking noodles are, you know. Okay. I'm going to try it again today. I want my dream fuels pasta. What I really ought to do is instead of calling, I'm going to go out and see if I can find it in the supermarket. Probably not. All right. That's one thing I will say. I can't say too much for America but certainly the solution of foods in your supermarket like in public. Thousands times better than what it is even in the finest most beautiful. It's a lot to buy. It's a lot to buy. Dominion, I beg you for it. We got stuff to buy. Yeah, the bear. Much better solution. Even in the big shiny brand new supermarket here, they suck. Paul Craig Robertson, anti-war dot com rights. If you were president George W. Boyff with all available US troops tied down by the Iraqi resistance and you were unable to control Iraq or political developments in that country, would you also start a war with Iran? Yes, you would. Bush's determination is spreadment least conflict by striking at Iran does not make sense. First of all, Bush likes the troops to do the job. If the US military can successfully occupy Iraq, there is no way the US can occupy Iran, a country approximately three times the size of the Syrian population. Second, Iran can respond to a conventional irresack with missiles targeted on American ships and bases, and on oil facilities located throughout the Middle East. Third, Iran has huge human assets including the Shi'at Majority population in Iraq that can activate to cause chaos all over the Middle East. Fourth, polls of US troops in Iraq indicate that if a vast majority don't believe in their mission and wish to be withdrawn, unlike the yellow ribbon folks at home, the troops are unlikely to be enthusiastic about being trapped in an Iranian quagmar and in addition to the Iraqi quagmar. Fifth, Bush's polls at on the 33% of the majority of Americans believe in that Bush's invasion of Iraq was a mistake. If you were being whipped in one fight, we'd just start a second fight with a bigger and stronger person, that's what Bush is doing. A opinion polls indicate that the Bush regime is exceeding its climate-making American scare Iran as the greatest threat of America faces. The Bush regime is created a major dispute with Iran over that country's nuclear energy program, and then blocked every effort to bring the street to a peaceful end. In order to gain a pretext for attacking Iran, the Bush regime is using bribery and coercion and its efforts to have Iran referred to the Iraqi Council for sanctions. In recent statements, President Bush and Rameshfeld blamed Iran for the Iraqi resistance planning that the roadside bombs used by the resistance of being supplied by Iran. It is obvious that Bush intends to attack Iran and then he'll use every means to bring war about. Yet Bush has no conventional means of way to war with Iran. His bloodthirsty neocons and prepared plans for a new king Iran. However, an unprovoked nuclear attack on Iran will leave the US already regardless of a pariah nation totally isolated. Readers who think runs ahead of who's thinking runs ahead of that of most of us tell me that another 9 level of level prepared the ground for a nuclear attack on Iran. Some we'd recited Bush or Israel as in every Israel's highly provocative attack on the Jericho jail and kidnapped the oppresses of the American complicity for okay second attack on the US. Other said that Bush or the Neocons working with some black off-screw for orchestrated attack. One of the more extraordinary suggestions is that a low-Eo-perhaps tactical nuclear weapon will be exploded some distance out from the US port, definitely minimized, but fear and hysteria will be maximized. Americans have told that the ship during the weapon was discovered intercepted just in time thanks to Bush's illegal spying program and that Iran is to blame. A more powerful wave of fear and outrage will again bind the American people to Bush and the US media will not report the rest of the world's down-said explanation. Readers like a micro-cryptan plot doesn't it? Fantasy? Let's hope so. Criedness? Cried, I know. Micro-cryptan. That's what I guess I'm right and I say, quick, I've been right and you say, brick-an. How we doing out there? 18,435. Our goal is to get to 19,000 and I'm not going to talk about this no more. I'm just, I just made up my mind. You made it up for me. Oh, you're welcome. You went out there and you took that pole all over the building. Right, right out there after window all those old-fars and it, high-rise next door to one, eight part of it. They said, eh? They said, f***, that old-fagalop we don't have no part of his stuff. His dropping, his pigeon dropping. 20, tell no, in a QA and we got the old Juliette though, that's the important thing we got one. So I meant the owner but we got it. Out of a thousand eight, two, we got one old Juliette to lay the out there, alleged. The fact that station lies in Chicago. Oh, bro. So what happens is the edge of town, and here's the edge of talk about it. Please welcome, David. It's top and date. I'm glad you're here. Everybody wants to ride to walk away from $50 million. I was already in some words. It's slang. Uh, that was a little toxic piece. I told my God, yeah. We're on drugs, yeah. You lost your mind. That's what I was thinking. You went into a million. Two shins. You're right. That's $50 million. Oh, what the bloody, you are. I'm so stupid to be crazy. I would say. Yeah. They're trying to assume this. And just, and just, and we'll be right back then. I agree. Okay, $50 million. I love him $45 million. We got guilty of two from the Aintis Center. I got to make Panther game out of him just tonight. Any interest? No. No way. Those panthers are going to make the playoffs. Oh, they're going to play off run. I heard. Now, what we heard? Okay, what do we got out there, Josh? Hold on. Is the phone rings? Oh, I'm holding it. Okay. At the meantime, the Tribunal says Melissa, it's an opportunity. Two twenty. Well, that's sixty mode. That's, uh, eighteen thousand four ninety five. That means we need just five hundred and five bucks to get to nineteen thousand by one. But certainly not going to get to twenty thousand. I mean, it had to be a crazy person. They would come and drag my ass away if I started talking at. It's really got like how much to twenty? Yeah. Almost no no, ready. It's a quarter of no no already. And you folks better get with it for going to get another five. Oh, that's looking really grim. Two twenty. And almost an hour. And that's a good location too. The QM van is that they publish parking lot to Hollywood, uh, young circle. And there's Roy's out there waiting to see a long, long line of all you old yentres from Hollywood. Because we know that so many of our listeners live in Hollywood don't think. Oh, yeah. Right. They're by Georgia's house. They're all like that. I think that's how you're house right now. Sure. What? So you're not a house, no, well, I could be our unbelief that. And in a room talks, a logical example of a sobio molosa viches body. In the case of the former Yugoslavia leader was not poisoned. The prison of the UN War crimes tribunal at the Hague said, not poisoned. We believe him. No. Josh Foistopalcott. Also told news conference today that no son of the unshmur scrum antibiotics reef, Riffler, um, uh, written piece had been discovered. We're phampocene. Test of the lozavices blood earlier this year. It's an oppressive drug which would have counteracted blood pressure medication. But it would be, but it would win all ready carries. Dead. Good. Let him rot in hell. Good place for him. Screw him. Inspector General report blast port security priorities. Report being released today by the office of the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security will detail failings in the security demercist ports, raw stories, learned. Oh, let's not the air. I'm just getting charged. They'll do a much better job. Hey, you're a sometaphold or whatever. I'm going to piss off the Europe street. I'm not. We should have put that on there too. Should we have? Oh, Arabs, how many Arabs do we have in the world? Yeah. We should have put Arabs on there too. And I'm dead. Don't do that. Oh, what does that mean, Arab? You know, some nights like your people get out of here. Some nights my ass. Yeah. I'm sure. By the way, we got another old Juliante. We got a pair of dose. We got dose. Aren't you impressed? I'm sure you've said it. Look, look at all the categories where we got like single digits. I realize it was 1100 people have checked in so far. That's like about half our audience. Right. But I mean, single digits. Asian female 25 to 54 just exactly what you guys are looking for. One, non Hispanic white female 125. What Georgia's looking for one and Josh. Asian male 25. What I'm looking for too. Hispanic white female 25 to. Only two, solamente dose Hispanic white female 55 plus what we finally got up to two on that. They're all looking for a female. They're being pushing and shoving and yelling and squeezing. God, please, somebody out there, please. Look on a look on the right side. Non Hispanic white male 25 to 54. That's our target demo. That's ratings baby. 573.52%. Non Hispanic white male 55 plus all white guys, 172 all like me. Hispanic white male 25 to 5432. And non Hispanic white female 25 to 5458. That's the only females we got. Is non Hispanic white females 25 to 54. That's all we got. And a smattering of others. One over here. One over there. Way over there. You got your vernacular. Way over there. Anyway, getting back to this raw port story. The report was required by an amendment to the Homeland Security Appropriations Related by John Kerry, who's really scary. And who's reviled by most. Though the Inspector General does identify some improvements or Belicius evaluation that there was no assurance that the program is protected in the nation's most critical and vulnerable infrastructure, it still seriously calls into question the security of American ports. At one point noting, it's not clear that the H.S. knows how much actual risk reduction has been achieved. Has been achieved, man. And in consistent system of evaluation by officials was one major problem identified by the report, which called for a more uniform system of scorekeeping. More troublesome is the fact that certain projects scored a zero. Oh, on that same 35-point national property for at scale. But still received government funding while other projects deemed worthy by the OIG did not. How do you like that? Who's that goes on, but it would be for the boss, but it's set of and so on. There you go. Nobody cares about these things. That's why I don't know what I'm wasting my time. Between the CD, I'm thinking about Monday just changing the whole show all phone calls. All right. Yeah. Now, if I we get him call a hundred times a day. He were aware. No, there's a plan here. He were out his vocal box. Or I know somebody who will call a hundred times a day. But it didn't any. Yeah. Yeah. No. Problem. Please. Yeah. Problem. Time. Yeah. You was the one supposed to kill him. He didn't do it. But at least break his legs and keep it in the front of the wall in the house. Rip his Larry set it. You know who he is? You know where to find him? We know who he is. I'll actually be like Eddie. You don't like him. I like it. Why not? I mean, I like that voice. I mean, during that red coat text, I think with the the ticket that newspaper, that my loop of the. I mean, he, he. No, you're right. He was ballistic. This is not a child. This is an adult. This is somebody who has a business who is in business. Love a business. And he was writing on their like, So some of those entries on there went on for like six million words. Bob, blue, Bob, blue, Bob, blue, over and over again. There's a. And this is how for a for a man. I'm not saying that there aren't people like that else. Because there are. But Florida's got like a list for portion number. Yeah. I think about gravity. Midians. I'd say about three million people like that. WQAM Eddie line hello. Come on in. It's ribbon joke. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. QAM. No. Is this my uncle? Yes, sir. Hi there. How are they going? Great. Okay. I think Eddie's already. But that's okay. I just wanted to. We have that. That's that's on a bullet. Okay. I was lucky. I was. Condos. Sleas. And president. Don't. Frig on the CD. Kind of the kind of. Lisa when you're not going to hear again and president. Dumbish miss. But on. Recently it was on. I'm very. The last CD that we did. Oh really. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. Love means. I'm sorry. Go away. Five six. Seven. Oh. Five six. Everybody does. We can't we do it for you. Okay. But can't we do it in a condolese or one? You ain't going to hear no. First of all, every year that we do these things that I get tired. If I call out. No, if they say something to your ask him how come you won't hear condolese or no more. Okay. Ask him about the background that hurt that whole big stimulus. How that came about. Every year. Why isn't this on there? Why isn't that on there? What? That's why they want any part of this man. I would avoid this like to plague like the bird flu. Like I chased that pigeon out of my living room. No, today. Let's get out of here. I was screaming. I get out of here already. You idiot. And did. I think it's a piece better. We're listening. Most of the people in South Florida, if he asks me. Christ. WDQIM. Hello. Who's this? Who you call? Why? Are you? Am I your friend? Can you play with me? No. No chance. WDQIM. WDQIM. One of your people. QIM. Why do you speak with me? Some people. Thank you, man. Hello. How's Frank in? GoodQIM. How's Frank? GoodQIM. Hello. QIM. And idiot with no numbers. You're in New York. QIM. Not there. They just couldn't get the courage. QIM, he's funny. Hello. Yes, sir. QIM. does provided left good yeah books and that hallyberry flavored whatever no oh well listen this pull is closed to the okay this is why starting Monday it's all calls because I like them haha he really believe me no okay you don't care you don't know see I like to keep people guessing what's your strategy in predictable like Daniel a basket then you got real service there's black is black by the way in that group name it come on I mean on top one pick name two words those those those those those those those those those if you pull me I do with no those problems I don't know you lead singer sounds like team Pitney though little bell I team Pitney only love can break a heart what was the other gene Pitney stuff halfway what was the thing to tell so I could let his sheet well look it up Google a gene Pitney something power up 24 hours 24 hours to tell so I would tell without pity what ever so far with the same song down there in this room the man shall have any talents the man who shot bill balance about this work I would have asked this boy heard to be a lot of this one of the old-hand river gene for me so it does right the whole freaking thing come on not a fact yeah I'd touch it up and he's stuck on it he buries yeah I want you to drink the break here to stop and think it that was you know all the world would be like without religion well I mean that's it is no birth to be a hell of a lot better what would a world be like without sexually transmitted diseases this is real rubbish this is my 16th year this is at an only insecurity time range advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think or the Neil Rogers 12 the one hour when I'm watching best if all on TV one man is an army yelling words of nonsense to give me and when someone goes baseline he starts screaming things don't lazy leave switching like a bet you to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give you to give you to give me to give you to give me to give you to give you to give you to give you to give you to give you to give you to give me to give me to give me to give me your to this this this, Yeah, yeah, no, he's been posting this for him. Did he anti-crime? I mean, he's been having a lot of things in his business. They be, oh god, he just gives me the shkilkies. George is lucky though, because he didn't want to go anywhere near any escorting events, so he don't know a dickfly towel from both I towels, so I hear a stuff. Can we use my towels? No, no. No. Come on, one at five, six, you WQM happy Friday, two, you happy, say, panties day. Another. You know, something I experienced at the dentist last week was more pleasant than this. It is absolutely just unacceptable. You know, you learn your lesson. We did this many, many times. It cut in the boat. Where was it? Beyond Pondris. It was just like a waste of time. It was a lot more work. There were certain people that didn't really appreciate the efforts in the first place when he came right down to what, what, you know what I'm saying? You do know what I'm saying, yeah, I know what you're saying. So why are we being a co-worst and muscled in to do this again? You know what I'm saying? Don't want. So they'll be the last day here as to talk about it. So go out there and get some stuff or not. Whatever you like. Yeah, Ed Rampel, who was named after Edward R. Murrow, by the way. Ed Rampel. Critten. Ed Rampel of West Kovina, California, was named after Edward R. Murrow, for rest of Hollywood, a people's film history of the USA. He writes, fear brings McCarthy and Orwell back into the spotlight. Good article. I'm going to read it. Like I said, starting Monday, no calls. Or maybe all calls. Or maybe 4,000 calls. Or maybe we don't call us. We'll call you. How's that? That would be good. That's a good idea. We'll just call people like name Chin out of the Chinese film book. Or named Rodriguez. How's that? What? He asked. He got wild to get through the Rodriguez. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We'll call everybody who's named in Z. In Z. During sunshine, we dedicated a public access to government, Russ Fyngold, proposed to conduct President Bush for a legal Wiresapping. The fine goal is not the only junior senator from Wisconsin associated with censure currently in the public eye. The DVD of George Clooney is good night and good luck about CBS broad cancer, Edward Armor's ex-Bosay of which hunting senator Joe McCarthy is censured by the Senate in December 54. It was released this week Tuesday. I'm going to go on get today. No, you said don't watch it. I'm going to watch it. Okay. Teal Gunner Joe also repairs and recent books including Xbox and postcom, Miss Haynes Johnson's The Age of Anxiety. Publicized October by Hardcore. It opens with McCarthy's infamous 1950, Weeding West Virginia Screech. I have here my handle list of 25 members of the communist party, still working in shaping the policy of the state department. Johnson notes how that number kept changing and rights of the boldness with which he twisted facts or invented them to make great of an unsufficiency and accusations at a moment of intense natural fear. This month, Hardcore is publishing shooting star, the brief arch of Joe McCarthy by actually York Times reporter Tom Wicker who calls McCarthy a most destructive demagogue in American history. uniquely villainous his sins against democracy meant to be forgiven or forgotten. Others are assuming McCarthy's legacy in January 2004 David Horowitz's conservative online publication from page asked reactionary commentator Anne Colter whom she admired in the 20th century. Joe McCarthy, she responded. Bitch. In 2002, 2000 Crown Forum both Colter's treason and James Herson's Tales from the Left Coast, right-wingers attempt to re-hebulitate and restore McCarthy. As Redbady remains lucrative, the same conservative imprint plans publishing another McCarthy apology by M. Stanton Evans in December. Grant has law for copyright could not with Clooney and, said, they were another inspiration for us to make this film and compare McCarthy apologists to Holocaust deniers. Amel D. Antelio 64 documentary Point of Order was released last November on DVD in a during 54th Armament McCarthy hearings counsel Joseph Welch famously rebukes McCarthy. On till this moment Senator, I think I never gauged your cruelty or recklessness. Have you no sense of these and see sur at long last? Sir. George Oliver was also back by the Actors' games 84 dramatization directed by Tim Robinson LA and Orwell's totalitarian masterpiece. They'd rather stop police watching everybody to tell us screens. Why have McCarthy and Orwell returned now? Clues have provided by the subtitles to Johnson's The Age of Anxiety McCarthyism Detirerism and Colter's treason liberal treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism. According to his law, Good Night addresses a concern of lots of people have had over the past six years and fear that if you speak your mind if you have a question on the warrior they called on patriotic. There was lots of self-sensiving going on and it'll break away our fellow dresses those issues. A certain segment of society certainly response to that after 9-11 there was a chill. Today's big chill saw another CBS and a command Dan rather, Country Western singers and administration critic Joel Wilson Vixie chick for being this loyal. The Patriotism and Man体 War town such as Clooney and Robin's was questioned. Of those using McCarthy attack to his head said, the poster boys obviously bill or Riley. The narrow one of Washington Post and New York Times apologize for misleading pre-airack war reporting Good Night and Capote both by stocked up picture Oscar nominees stressed your list of ethics. I asked Robin to feed received 1984 if he'd be five, 84 to come in on it today. See it for yourself and decide he replied. Robin's play occurs in Orwell's torture chamber. This is the Gitmo Abu Abu Ghraib the Grom Air Base extraordinary rendition edition of 1984 where anime combatants are held without charges without trials Geneva conventions. It's tell a screen suggests that war unless wide-tapping fine gold opposes. When truth is surprised it doesn't disappear and reemerges often in symbolic ways. Orwell declared in the type of universal deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act. Modern parallel strigger contemporary cultures of session with 60 year old historical relics. When Murrow challenged McCarthy equal to Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. During the anti-sequest he sunshine, we can have the quote from Shakespeare's drama scenes appropriate. We wear the eyes of march. We wear the eyes of march. Firmly eyes of march, huh? Have I get rid of it for a Cinco de Mayo. Are you ready for that? Oh yeah, I haven't had it. Good, I'll take it by means. Our annual demographic survey is on there, which are you? Which category do you fit into until okay? That's it. We're not putting no more categories on it. We're not putting like black us why he Lee Mongolia and whatever 1169 vote and only one for agent female 25 to 54. That's pathetic And it's probably Eric's wife devoted on there I imagine nine Hispanic white female under 25 one non Hispanic white female under 25 Solomon they all know that is unbelievable can you believe that? I mean why don't you have what any young chick when it worked here about what we're talking about in this stupid I show right like that article I just read why would they care about that? Follow what I'm saying I'm sorry I'll be listening to a power 96 what they're listening to right And all I he be Jimmy stuff that Oh Editor above in New York Times is if that fire needed fuel This is in yesterday's New York Times Which occasionally still has some lucid moments occasionally And would it be for you? Of course I do would it be nice well that's how it starts up wouldn't it be nice It just was the place in the disaster movie that is Middle East politics don't perform true to hype Unfortunately the events in the house in the city of Jericho this we show that's a pretty far-fetched thought So the conflict continues. It's never any run fuel this time by Britain and America The list of misdeeds is as usual lengthy and widespread the militant group Hamash and out of provoked Israel with cheddar about freeing Oxment sedat the head of the popular front of liberation of Palestine was being held in the killing of rehab I'm a Stevie these really drove as a minister in 2001 The Palestinian president Mahmoud Abah should have thought hard before offering a support for such a boneheaded idea The acting is really prime minister a food all-merch should not have allowed the desire to do some election season muscle flexing to push him and Esturming the prison in Jericho would tanks bulldozer in helicopters It's really our mayor officials ordered inmates to strip to their underwear which many did marching out with clothing on their heads and Embarrassing and completely unnecessary provocation at trample the dignity of any Palestinian watching that spectacle Given the humiliations that ordinary Palestinians suffer merely by trying to get to his really checkpoints every day The prison rate just reinforce the already degrading reality of living under foreign occupation Most could blame however high ever are Britain and the US for withdrawing their prison monitors They said insecurity concerns that British and American officials may tend to existed ever since the 2,000 two agreement established the conditions under which Mr. Sedat and father Palestinian prisoners would be held Regrettably the Palestinian Authority has never in the past four years met all of its obligations under the Romala agreement to spread a repeated demands that they do so they've been as far as secretary Jack Strauss in this week Jack Strauss you know him a real a hoax braw right That raises the question of why the Western Britain would until now to withdraw the monitors This is an extremely tense time in both Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories Would have lost working the former cabinet and afterwards election trump and Israel had an Four of the elections on March 28 There's no way the British and Americans could not have known that there would draw would be Tentamont of throwing a match into dry killing Mr. Allmer may have succeeded a few security points for himself and his cadema party in their battle with Benjamin Netanyahu Benjamin Netanyahu over who will be elected in the 16 aerial shiron house, hedo and as Israel Prime Minister But it's a sure bet that even if his prison rate helps Mr. Allmer win the elections It'll make the job of governing and stealing his ratings and Palestinians toward peace even a harder After the election is done for that he can thank his friends in Britain and America a Good column good attitude about the New York Times. I guess that one of their moments of clarity lucidity If those socks take place. Yeah, right there she is kind of leaves a kind of lesim Yeah, I'm playing it Yeah, that Daria Do you double do double dog Daria? How's those noodles coming? I'm ready peo. You know I've fasted an eighth or two this morning I mean I emailed in fact that my dream feels passed about it is dream work stream feel Uh, and I got no email return now. Maybe a little bit the impatient in my Maybe I'm just looking for like a tracking number. I'm anxious for it to get here. I want it now No emails It once stupid email from Tom pain.com. I don't want any emails from Tom pain.com. It's a pain Tom pain email from viewfields a pasta I want that stuff here right now. Yeah It's really a sad moment life under something really good out there and you know you can't get your hands on the other oh Promise pass no if you ever come but I do put the bowl in the basket that what I do put the bowl in the basket That what I do put the bowl in the basket that what I do That's impossible Take the roll into the basket. However, if the ball will do evenly, Take the ball into the basket. Small round the basket. For the ball needs to Farm Typing a ball into a pocket. Call another basket. deix do put the bow in the basket. Talk what I do put the bow in the basket. That would I be do. I'll talk what he do. They put the bow in the basket. The situation is put the ball in the basket. He puts the ball in the basket for the organization. That's my take on what he do. That would I do put the bow in the basket. That would I do put the bow in the basket. Talk what I do put the bow in the basket. Don't get zoered that would I be do. Turn go That is what me do. I die, run out Gustav Paul Dougby and to England don't wo end to ever again 18 is 560 WQA, but it's our last push on the vest of Neal uh... BATERD MAN! These are the t-shirts which the response has been less than thrilling at best and embarrassing it worse. And the total now is... 300. ROO! 18,575. We got about as much chance to get in about 1 o'clock to 19,000 as you walk out on the whole ain't fine in 4 million dollars and one dollar bills out there piled up for the ceiling. And a woman did come by and slept roll in the ice. Well thanks a lot lady for slapping it and earn some cash too. So that's how it's total 300 including whatever she brought by. It's really that doesn't thank God for her. Wow. I mean, Hollywood young circle isn't that like the right man? That's the centerpiece. It's a great. I'm going to bring you a part. It's a great downtown. Oh, I know. I know exactly where it is. You're like, well, I'm not someone you or what. Exactly where it is. Not too far from him anyways. That's right. It's the right wife you store. Show the horse. I've got another place for your tax out of business. Uh huh. Thanks to 911. You still love them. Pepper corn Shaw should Burton Jack. You just want to go and watch Mr. Eagle eat there. Never land, never more for Jack O. All a boy. Closes for good. Michael Jackson is shut down as never land ranch for good employees were summed to the ranch to the Sanctanun yesterday afternoon. And staggered groups. They were staggered. Given back pay for 12 weeks, three yesterday, and told the ranch have been shut down by the California Department of Labor. In fact, Jackson made the decision to lay up more than 60 loyal staffers after making them way through three months with no pay. Their health insurance ran out on February 28 last week. Uh, the state closed the ranch because Jackson carried no workments comp. Some of the employees have never landed been there with Jackson since he bought the place in the late 80s. A few actually had worked for the previous owner. They've been there so long. They leave without pensions or they've building to apply for corporate health insurance. All they can do now is apply for unemployment. Smany of them have already done that. It's unbelievable. Un? The label says one long time staffer. We got nothing for the pain watches to happen and nothing to see us through. Some of the people who are close to the terminate and they've got nothing which are on. I'd like to ask. Well, they thought they were going to get some retirement out of Michael. Who may be in London has been living very well in the Middle East in Bahrain. In Prince Abdullah has supplied him with a drive ray Bentley GT and a Rolls Royce Fatem. He's not returning to the US as a source in spoke with Jackson last weekend. In this country Jackson faces several lawsuits as well as the foreclosure of two of him sitting within dollars on loans. Still not clear as who paid the final by pay which could have total 400 grand. Jackson also has to pay the state two separate fines. One for 69,000 and another to be termed today of over 100 grand. He's got some tourists to that child. So it's nothing compared to what he should have gotten. And of course didn't write because in California nobody, no celebrity ever gets convicted in California. Right? Isn't that right, O.J. 18,575 so close to that 20,000 you could smell it. Couldn't you? You could reach right out and put your finger on it. Mmm. Yeah. Like a big juicy pile of elephant droppings. But we're not going to make it. Maybe over the weekend we'll make it. Maybe those big appearances at Coneye's Grill today tomorrow on Sunday. So I shall be there. You're going to be all three or just today. No, just today. Well, why is that? Come on. You can't have hells going on over the weekend. Get out there. Let's see a little corporate spirit here. Well, I wasn't asked to do any other. Well, son of a, is he going to ask you one volunteer and say, I'd love to be there tomorrow. I'd like to. Who's going to be there tomorrow? Orlando Alzaquiri is going to be there tomorrow. You don't want to be there with him? I'd be there with him. And then I notice on Sunday, we got Marlins and Metz game on Sunday. And big old, those going to be at the cast of the day. So I have no idea who's going to be at Coneye's Grill on Sunday. But today tomorrow and Sunday, it's his missing. From 4 to 6 30 Coneye's Grill 51 81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood. Whoever is there will have our stuff. Our CDs or teachers. All that other stuff that you folks are too cheap to want to help us out with. Because you know, care about them puppies about the kitty cats. They'll care about us. Don't care about that 30th anniversary. And this stuff. I'm not blaming anybody else beside Duff. Because you're the one who told me he was responsible for the whole idea. Is that the one thing with a joy effort? Well, who else was involved? Unless you're a feminine. And they must have been smoking a big foul when they came up with that. Who? The management team is your at the time. Well, who now was that? You don't know? Not Greg. Greg would know then. Duff and Clarence together. Oh, Groritz and Groritz and Clarence. Well, he needs some secret clearance that child. 129 people are on there. And look at that. Non-Hispanic white female under 25 only one. Only one young white lady. Man. And then, didn't like really burst your bubble? No, I knew it all along. What? The way you got your wig. Well, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, to sit and analyze what I do want to show every day. Okay, forget about when you're on it. You're sitting there playing that funky stupid Indian music or whatever it is. Right? That Ravi Shankar. Uh huh. You're going to get if you keep messing around as a big shanker. But anyway, I think you're like, no, me too. The fact that a matter is that who would, who would, who would, would stand your mind ask yourself, would some 20 year old chick listen to this show to what I'm talking about? No, maybe the show not the station. Women don't listen to AM radio. Right? Nobody. Listen to AM radio. Nobody. I don't listen to AM radio. Of course, I don't listen to FM either. But I don't listen to AM radio. Well, I get in that car. If you think I would ever turn on AM radio, you're dreaming, Mr. You'd have to be out of your mind, have to be nuts. Don't even think about it. In fact, what I'm there, I'm just frantically touching buttons on the FM. Please, is there something I want to end? Of course, there never is. Never. Never. The worst FM in the history of human race is in South Florida. The worst. An embarrassment in a disgrace. My God. It's like, it's like the whole radio industry took a gigantic BM and our NSFM stations are what came out. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? You catch my riff? Really bad. I'm only going to give the double digits on this thing so far. I don't want to read the host, Pandriss. Our annual demographic survey, which are you? Non-Hispanic white male, 2554 crackers, 629, 52 percent. Non-Hispanic white male, 55 plus old, 185, like me, ancient. Taking an ancient style. Hispanic white male, 2554, 148. 12 percent, I forgot it. You have a little faith? Non-Hispanic white female, 2554, 62. That's all we got. Those are the only ladies we got. Middle-Amit. Well, not middle-Aids. Well, whatever they're. Black male, 2554, we got 39 dark guys. Various shapes, sizes, shades. Real dark, light, like mocha, chocolate. Non-Hispanic white male, 2527. 27 young pranks. White. Non-Hispanic white female, 55 plus 24. Hispanic white male, 25, 20, Julio pranks. I know who three of them are. Hispanic white male, 55 plus 11, and Hispanic white female, 2554. 10. Well, that's not too bad. Not great. Huh? Whatever. We'll take what we can get. Well, I mean, that's the first 1200. You know, over the weekend, we're going to have like 400,000 votes. Oh, I know. At the time we come in Monday morning, there'll be like 2 million votes on there. Everybody listen to the show. That's what you're always telling me. Everybody, little to Vanillus and so on. Everybody, yeah. That's what I hear. Everybody in sweet water. Everybody's liberty city. And everybody, little heyty, man. That's what I hear. They get you this show. And what you're always telling me, they all listen. Mm-hmm. Little Jamaica. That's right. Where we are right now. We're going to find a good machine, man, and little Jamaica. So we're going to get to 19th house, Bob, and a clock, or not. Because if we're not. I'm going to like between one and two, I'm just going to start throwing furniture. This is real rubbish. There's five, 16, two, eight. And a lot of people have little boys. There. I had a lot of money in the 401. We did rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock rock, rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock! rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. rock, rock, rock and rock! rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock I was saying I'm very soon. We've got a police file. We've got to put a over S-banks. I mean, that's just pathetic. We need to stop and think about it. That's, and we're supposed to like do a radio show. We're supposed to entertain adult people because we can't say S-banks. Woo! And Joe Bell comes in and he says, hey, everything okay? Okay, okay, everything's okay. Everything's great. I mean, we're gonna ask right now. We're doing it. Okay, Joe. Well, everything is great. I'm proud to show that. All right. Well, you got from a high, and I don't see how I said what's in today maybe, uh, I don't know. Sound the Baker? John, John the Baker. Oh, holy, moly. What's not to like? I guarantee you, you don't kind of know. Sure we're talking noodles in that sack. No. See, that's something real noodles. And so you just got a shower, huh? I should have had a chicken seasoning salad. Hmm. Now, what's Josh got it? But she's got something that something Parmesan again. I got the field parm. So I knew it. I knew the field parm. I could smell it. I could tell. I could do that baby cow squealing for its life. Please, please, now can't do it. Can't do it, Billy. War loving punished by Norman Solomon. I wonder if he was kind of Abraham Solomon. You think? All right. We're going to Anna Solomon. Or maybe he can lugs you Solomon. Well, anyway, he writes, he's good. Norman Solomon. In fact, uh, part of this article was invented from his latest books. War made easy. How presidents and pundits keep spinning us to death. Oh, that's like if you got your clothes in the dryer for like six weeks. Spinning to death. Same thing. The third anniversary of the Iraq invasion is about to attract a lot of media coverage rights Norman. But scant recognition will go to the pundits who helped to make it all possible. Uh. Continuing with long service to the Bush administration's agenda setting for war, prominent media commentators were very busy in the weeks before the invasion. At the Washington Post the offense page for, for ever had a new peak on February 6, 2003, the day after colon policy mendacious speech to the Wens Security Council. Remember how vile that was? Yeah, with the cartoons? Post-comnest Richard Cohen is claimed that Paul was utterly convincing. The evidence he presented to the Wens, some of its circumstantial, some of it absolutely bone-chilling incidental, had approved to anyone that Iraq not only has an account for his weapons and mass destruction, but without a doubt still retains them, colon road. Only a fool or possibly a Frenchman could conclude otherwise he said. Meanwhile, another one of the posts indicated, say, a response to Jim Holman led with his declaration, Colon Powell did more than presentable with a convincing and detailed x-ray of Iraq's secret weapons and terrorism programs yesterday. He also exposed the enduring bad faith of several key members of the Wens Security Council when it comes to Iraq and its web of lies in Paul's phrase. Holon's closing words vanished doubt. The continued to say that the Bush administration has not made its case, he was now believed that Colon Powell lied in the most serious statement he'll ever make, or was taken in by 90-faction evidence. I don't believe that today knew this or knew he wrote. Impatient grew among punits who depicted the Wens inspection processes that he had to wait, because Saddam Hussein's regime obviously possessed weapons and mass destruction. In an essay appearing on February 13, 2003, Christopher Hitchens wrote, those who are calling for more time in this process should be aware that they're calling for more time for Saddam people to complete their humiliation and subversion of the inspectors. A few weeks later, in March 17, President Bush prefaced the imminent invasion by Clinton and televised speech should Saddam Hussein choose confrontation. The American people can know that every measure has been taken to avoid war and every measure will be taken to win it. In the same speech noted that many Iraqis can hear me tonight in the translated video broadcast, Bush offered, Bush offered reassurance, Bush offered. I have a message for them if we must begin a military camp in the campaign, it'll be directed against the lawless men who will do your country and not against you. Don't forget to flowers and the cake. The next day Hitchens came up with an essay featuring similar assurances, telling readers that the defendant department is involved highly selective and accurate munitions that can sharply reduce the need to take or receive casualties. The predictions of widespread mayhem turned out to be false last time when the weapons of the Gulf War were nothing like so accurate. And he added, if cannot be proposed as a practical matter, they've not able to fight against the regime and other people or nation. With the full scale of fact underway, the practicalities were evident from network TV studios, the American public knows the importance of this war fox news funded and weekly standard executive editor Fred Barnes proclaim a few days after the invasion began. They're not as casually sensitive as the weenies the American press are. And what about the country of after the Gallaudethood so-called victory in Iraq? Researchers at the Media Watch Group Faire have exhumed statements made by Prime Minister Media cheerleader, so were flush with triumph. Often showing you the relation is vague that it failed, US journalists lavished praise on the invasion and sometimes in the directive cell was in American phones to the military action. One of the most lethal commentators on network TV was MSNBC's Hardball host Chris Matthews. We're all neocons now he crowed on April 9, 2003, ours after a Sodom has ensamed Statuteumbled in Baghdad. Remember that photo of it? It's not yet in just half of it to be there. It's a dope. Weeks later Matthews was still at a mechanical categorical decorations. We're proud of our president. Americans love having a guy as president of the guy who has a little swagger who is physical, who's not a complicated guy like Clinton or even like a dococus or monday all those guys, McGovern. They want a guy who's president, women like a guy who's president, check it out. The women like this war. I think we like having a hero as president simply said Chris Matthews. Idiot. Simplicity was more like it. In the rest of the state side enthusiasm for war on Iraq, centrist pundits like Matthews, apt to sway with a prevailing wind, or harbbing climb to buck the jingleistic storm. Soon to pay for Yadakadeh, remained at the Gail Force on Fox News Channel, still blowing strong. Tommy Franks in the coalition forces have demonstrated the old axiom that boldness on the battlefield produces swift and relatively bloodless victory. Tony Snow told his viewers in late April. This is 2003. These three weeks just swing through Iraq is utterly shattered skeptics complaints he said. What passes for liberalism on Fox also cheered and quoted, Sean had these week debating partner Alan Kromas who don't have beating challenge in April 25. Not that the war in Iraq is all but over. This is 2003. Not that the war in Iraq is all but over Kromas demanded. Should the people on Hollywood oppose the president admit they were wrong? Yeah. And you wonder why the public is brainwashing and brains are like, like, like, like, like, jello pudding, like tapioca. Oh, God. Although I do like tapioca would like cinnamon on it. There. Now. That was my dream field's pasta coming by the way. I'm after I said. Oh, yeah. Huh? Slowly. I'm going to call them and I'm going to bitch their ass out. I just don't want to be doing an email to a company that you see. You already been charged the money in a credit card. You've sent them the money in. I'd like you have no confirmation. Oh, wait a minute. Here's an email, George. The old. It's the. Yeah, it's a fire. The grocery. The grocery. The other people. Teveling stuff again. See, this is the one thing when you do business with anybody. Now, maybe these grocery delivery people are got that product. You think? Maybe. When you look. Nah, that's squad. I'm looking at the hard. The grocery delivery idea is great. If you've got a place that's got a whole bunch of products. Like public one. You like like that. Like public. So be great. And the big guy that called before he said he got his dreamfields pasta at publics. I don't know. Yeah, that's what he said. Yeah, that's what he said. Yeah, that's what he said. Yeah, that's what he said. Jesus. God, all mighty. You don't know. I forgot already. What kind of a plan there do you live in? I was right. I forgot the food got there. That's right. What? Well, I'm cooking me up some good sure talking noodles. Two o'clock. Been a whole mind. Look at that. Got you. I need to get a nose clip. So imagine how good that would come in at woodbine. And also in the kitchen when I'm open enough. A bag of sure talking noodles. You need a family of woodbine. Oh, oh my god. Oh, I'll send you a set of those ones that they were in the pool. You know the old books. Oh, I need them. The dad was from the rubber band. They're beginning to imagine the smells of woodbine. Oh. It was a guy sitting next to me yesterday. Old, grizzled guy would look at Schmussi beard. You know, in a cap or a little like a 60-ish guy. Fancy themself by some kind of a, you know. Bombie. Bomb. I read it. How that means. And he's smell like he's smell like what I dropped in the bowl this morning. Okay. And he kept leaning over. He kept reaching out because of playing coins. I hit the people to play the coins. I got a posky with a coin. And so no matter what he would put in there, he had to hit the button in the coins. And he's reaching down. Every time he reached down, he had to like breathe in my face. And a breath like a breath like a septic tank would be ambious. So I'm going to stumble. Leave a bit. And then why? Why have a lot of, I need, I need like the whole thing. I need like an oxygen mask. There we go. What are those biomass that will come in handy by using? And dry. You say those in the Army surface. Oh, my, my parents are in the Army surface store. Someone like real old, the funky mass would be really good. I'll pick you there to hold the blows up. I got a news for it. That place it works the other way around. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562AX. Well, take the train. You won't carpool. You see how hummer. You start to drill. You won't walk for 20 feet. You graduate. You're as you read. You can't drive. You can't pee without proof. You're in deep. You need it for your plastics with draw symptoms. Make you safe. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You like to think there's lots more fun during the saw. Oh yeah. That's what you think. I need the truth. Close to do the truth to say your total is spoiled. You know, you're gonna have to face it. You're addicted to all. Might as well face it. You're addicted to all. Might as well face it. You're addicted to all. Come on, Laura. Might as well face it. You're addicted to all. Might as well face it. They're addicted to all. Proportization. 562AX. What's the bad news this arm? By the way, Clarence, you're a bonehead. Okay, you make me want a vomit. What's the bad news? We got a 460. Oh, and thanks to Marty. Marty came by about 3 cities. Thanks, Marty. You demand. So that gives us a grand total of 718,735. Which means in the next 50, 14 minutes if we got 265 bucks and next to 14 minutes, we'd make it in 19,000. Will that happen? No. Is there any change? No. That's gonna have no. How much is the total? 60. That's crap. That's garbage. I mean, we've been doing this for a long time, George. Can you remember any, uh, run a Vance like this that had such Paul tree numbers? Like, he tried to purge them from a memory. No. Of course, they have been fabulous locations. Like the one down there on the southwest, Aestreet was good. Little Havana. And the other ones of places where nobody showed up, things like that. And then, of course, he hurricanes, things. That's always, that's always very positive for this show. Of course, the question, we didn't have to one out there with the shell station where we always used to give like a couple of thousand, you know, right? Probably the university wouldn't we do there. Not that much. That looks good. Well, see, we're living in the past, you know, back when we had an audience. That's where we were on a real radio station as opposed to what we got now. 5607056. Let's take a rash of calls. What do you say? And everybody likes a rash or a bacon. What about a rash or a call? 56056. 560 in the Verizon Sink of the Rye of the Slime. WQA and hello. All on you. Yes, sir. What's going on? FYI, public's used to have a delivery service. But no, it's March, you were doing this. They discontinued it because like, everything else is self-solo. The lack of interest. Right, just never had to stop her pan. That was just a small market. I got to ask you a question though. Where does a hand has come from? What do you with Peg? But all that, that's not the thing. I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry. I want to ask. Can you collect any of the Paul Harvey bits that you have? Okay, no problem. Thanks for your advice. See. Yeah, well, public's used to have a shop for a line thing. We got one thing. I was great. I used it once I told you. It was okay. I just, the selection of food just leads me kind of limp. It was all right. They showed up when they were supposed to give you like a window. You know, like, dial mattress does. They give you a window. They show up on time. But, uh, I don't know. Unless you really have the variety of all the things you're looking for. It's okay, a little thing here. Here, I made up my mind two things. Two things. Yep. I'm going to do a two-clob. I want to know three things. First of, I'm going over to Dominion. See if they have the dream fields passed on. I'm not going to wait. I'm not going to waste my time calling these people. I'm sure the shipments been made all the money slow. UPS should be here. Number two, I'm going to throw out the other nine bags of that. Sure talking noodles. Really? Yes. Okay. Now, see what I made it last night. I had a try to convince myself. It's like anything else, you know. Right. When you have the correct answer. It was good. It was not. It was not. It was not. It's not like it doesn't taste like. It's like, like, like, white shoe strings. Oh, for sneakers, you know. Okay. White shoe strings. That you boil. And put pasta sauce on. Mmm. It's matter of fact, the sausage and the pasta sauce and the sliced olives that I put in the whole concoction, that would have been fine with some cheese without the pasta. So you understand? Uh huh. Hey, it's just something that holds something. Right. And so far, any of the low carb like braids and pasta that I've tried have all been. Ah, so that's why I hope I've had to find the dream pills. I'll wait. Then I'll take him to nine bags of this crab. And I'm going to shmit him in it. I'm putting in a garbage bag and throwing it down the old shoe. I'm not going to keep eating this stuff. Just because I bought it to convince myself that it's good. It sucks. And number three, uh, no more of this, uh, cd thing. Great. I'm giving both of you guys permission to like, oh, try to turn this up in a hallway when it shows over a two-clone and just have everybody come on a baseball bat and just beat him senseless. I have a sock with a bar so open it where there's no sense there's no feeling, but it anyway. Just give it give it your best shot. Leave us alone on the show. Okay. We're trying to best we can under impossible circumstances. Leave us alone. Great. Did everything you could to destroy it. You're like putting on a finishing touches. WDQAM. Hello. There you are. You're going to do it. Okay. Now listen to this. You're just invited to play about how nobody says what the body's desk and the teachers, but how about placing the word we're going to be on the website so we know they're going to be in advance so people can leave the plan to do that. Oh, yeah. Okay. We'll put it out a couple of weeks ahead. Okay. So people are going to make their plans. No. We're just not doing enough. That's right. If we were just, if we just lay it up, we're going to say you are going to go and grade the invitation to mail right to your house about three weeks ahead of time. And then we're going to lay out like they read carpet. So what? We're going to have like a band to be there. Your favorite recording. We're going to have like catered with a whole bunch of females. Some shouts of a lot of Dutch is potatoes. A couple of bottles of fine wine. Maybe some champagne. There you go. Get out of here. W2AM. Hello. Hey, you know, I just got a shirt. Thanks. Yeah. Good colors. Who picked the colors was that mean? It's like a little gay. It's like purple and white. Yeah. The colors are from this cover to CD. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, it's mushrooms. You can make a really good chicken masala with those mushrooms. You get it on the web. I just downloaded it. I'm going to download it. I'm going to download it with one. What's the mushrooms that you bought here? Mushroom. That and buying mushrooms. I'm going to share with you a few of those. He's going to have shoutake mushrooms. Seriously. We started Monday. We're taking 4 million calls today. No, no. This is scary to me. Should talking mushrooms. I think some talking about. I know what those are, sir. And I'll tell you what. You're full of the first part. See, got some shrimps. He's full of the first part of that word. Sure talking noodles. These are Japanese low carb noodles. Okay. That's what I've been talking about for days now on. He's show. He's probably about shrumes. And I can make chicken marcellae. Yeah. You can make chicken something. All right, pal. So have your liver. Oh, God. They're magic. That's what we're trossed. And Ryan Saint John has been the market hundred years. Nobody knows who he is. Do me a QAM. Hello. Top of the morning to you. I'm off. Give never. W QAM. Hello. Uh. Oh, he's short today. QAM. Hello. Probably short. Somebody QAM. Hello. Then they've been in Petra's QFundra's at a boat or a toll. And we got all the money up here in Boca. Yeah, okay. Good luck to you. Stay there. W QAM. Yeah. Yes, sir. Oh. I want to congratulate you on your 30 years. Yeah. I want to thank you too. Yeah. I just want to hear. Yeah. I just want to hear down here. I don't know. Yeah. He's getting the next line for me with his friend. Yeah. Tom Tom the coach. A little bit faster. It's only a four hour show. Next line. Come on. You can do it. Now you can't do it. Five six seven. Five six. Yeah. I told him. We're getting all different kinds of idiots. That's your retockeys. You're different. Those are the best. You can make a heck of a fantastic. Ville Cutler farmer John. That's good. Oh my god. How is the I want to date from John and Baker? Free. I mean great. Fabulous. Yes. And the fact that this three makes it even more fabulous. Right. Taste here. That's my favorite sauce. Get any skitty. How about some low carbs, getting? I'll send you guys some sure talking. Noodle. Great. I'll cook them up right now. In fact, from the side right down on any five. I'll just put a container. Just a lake and they'll just top money. Hershey highway. And they'll slip right down in the inner state. There they're slippery. They're chewy. They're nasty. They're like, oh. Now, because if you wanted to restaurant, somebody cooked you up some fedachini and they put it up. Oh, I'm playing with you. You say you spit it right out. You say, are you kidding me? You call this food? So why the hell am I trying to convince myself? W2AM. Hello. Yes. Hey. I am not a black, but call me Spagrel. W2AM. Hello. Show them if you get down to a little. W2AM. Hello. W2AM. W2AM. Hello. W2AM. W2AM. I've got a blue rubber ball. It's not good. I'm going to stick it to. W2AM. Hello. The first time I want to wish you and yours to have the same daddy. And I want to give this fuck. Have fun at what? I don't understand. Jesus. Houston's a 20-set. I don't get it. We're going to Houston. She took me to Houston. Josh. Yeah. Yeah. That's what he said. I can tell what you said. Because I was thinking about that the other day about how both of you are such boneheads. You don't order it. It would be like going to Denny's never going to stay. Come back and bring you to Houston. That's pretty ridiculous. They're just some places that you don't order steak. You should always not have steakhouse. I would want their ones tonight. Thought it wasn't steakhouse. Thought it wasn't steakhouse. Not a place. No, but it's not. Well, I asked you what's their signature then. Their signature thing is like burgers and big salads and soup. Because he could not call Houston's burger house. It's not. It's a called. Just Houston. So I wouldn't know. Everything's pretty good. I'm ignorant. So I ordered a steak. I thought it was a steak place. So did I. Well, if you probably wonder what I'm doing, I'm just a two-rounder last pain. I was a pain. I was a lot. What? I wasn't wondering. Oh, I'm not either. 1256. So what do we got now? Would you give me that last year? Didn't give me one. Yeah, well, we were at 460 last I heard. Remember we haven't had an update since then. That's going to be it. Because he's leaving now. He's not going to probably out of there already. Rolling. We can make him stay if we weren't today. No, no. I don't want one. I want one. I want one. You're brutal. Man, you are just a bastard. That's right. Why no, I hate her. Like for us. 1257. You and each of us are on this. It's not a tomb. It's the one, the two of us. Hi, this is Clay Aiken. Thank you for making my new single The Number One song in America. Yeah, Carol's Listen. Yes, we all have our moments, our difficult times. When our little friend comes to this. I know what you're thinking. Clay, is it true? Did you have menstrual cramps like us? Why of course I do. And that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and playing killer has asked me, America's favorite easy to endorse the on you American Mido. American Mido. For those times you feel bloated, you're clapping and you feel just downright bitchy. You know, when you're well, you're aching. American Mido. And thus by me, Clay Aiken, the guy gal who finished second to that no talent, Rubin' Stuttered. And you know, I still can't believe you people voted him as your American Idol. I mean, I had no idea. There was so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone. I mean, why did all of you call from the payphone at the All you could eat for safe place? I mean, really. I had no idea what sort of American Mido. For those times when life seems a little unfair. Abescent was distributed. One, one and five, six, the WDQM happy Friday and same Paddy Zee Tee, here couple of good facts. First one is sensational. From somebody at legal impressions. And my impression is this must be a lunatic. Neal, unsigned of course. Neal, I was wondering. You talk about how much blood there's been in the name of religion. But what about all the bloodshed has been because of or in the name of atheism? Example, Joseph Stalin. You are an essence in Dorsing of belief that mass murder is Stalin endorsed. But how come you never mention that? Well, the fact is that in those discussions, I mentioned it as a Zidian times on here, not only about Stalin, but how about Chairman Malena, you know, Communists, to Chinese, and then some of the other places. Those people are also tallitarianism. They're called imposing a lack of, it's the same thing. Those were atheists, but it wasn't atheist killing people because they weren't atheists. No, it was atheist killing people because they wouldn't They wouldn't be able to understand. That is correct. Like the inquisition, like the Crusades. And of course, what does this really have to do with a price of rice? Because the fact that it matters, and the fact that it matters, that atheists per se don't go beyond proselytizing, try to twist people's arms and even often they can't refuse. Right. We just want to be loved alone. Thank you very much. Just leave people alone. Just stop trying to impose your views and make laws based on this old archaic bull crap, okay? And you see it all over the world today. I don't see too many atheists killing people in the world today. The name of atheism. Right. Don't believe or I'll kill you. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Try to force other people to become atheists. But I remember Madeline O'Hare. She was going to put around shooting people if they want to become atheists. Hmm. Toro Ruff. What does this get jammed out? What is this wrong? Oh, it's a dog that's racing. Oh, it's from the dog people. But it's dog will be running in Monticello. Hopefully it gives the locals up there an idea of what we think of the precious governor. At least it'll give him something to talk about. Says besides religion, love you. What does that mean? I'll ask you because of jam. Get your mouth. That's the name of the dog. Great. How do you say? Yeah. Well, obviously the dog racing people are peots and the people at Pompano are pure peot and the people at the third bread people are peot and the highlight people are peot and rightfully so. Because your fat ass governors do everything as power to again, subruped the will of the electorate and take something that the public voted on. They didn't vote on a watered down thing that would fail. That's not what the public had in mind or did anybody else. And that's doing everything in this park and the public's just passed by the meat, that's a book. I tell you, how would it? Okay. You can bring a horse to water me. You can't make them fart. God forbid. I hear as the good news that I've been waiting for for get about those stupid noodles. Lodge timing. Thanks for over a cent this. Somebody obviously a little more coherent than the ones give me a lecture for not talking about something I've mentioned a million times. Lodge timing for the HD DVD and blue raid disc. This optical disc format became clearer today with the disclosure by two companies of the initial sales plans. The two formats are find replaced correct DVDs for high definition content such as movies and have been an industry giant against each other. The main backers of HD DVD include Toshiba, Corp, NEC, Corp and Intel Corp. Although it's backing blue raid disc include Sony, Matsushida and San similar products. Matsushida is Panasonic. Sony Corp said it's first blue raid disc player the BDPS1 VDP. So let's send you stick in your red crankcase. We'll be available on the US in Joe starting in July to buy the 1000 bucks. Company and previously committed to an early summer launch Samson plans to put a blue raid disc player on sale in April next month. The Sony player will support a video output at a 1080 lines of resolution progressive scan in company said this is a full HD is the highest in several video formats considered high definition. As a consensus content providers the full HD output will be available to an VIA and HDMI high definition multimedia interface connection. All those of TV sets without HDMI connector will be able to watch up to a 1080 line in a late signal of something rather part of this is chopped off. Sony has priced its first desktop computer that will have a blue raid disc player and the dravel and the right hand column of the desktop top. Sony will start selling these in April. And something can happen. This isn't making any sense because the morning is a whole bunch of it is chopped off on the right side. A bio RC will be launched in early summer. Now what about how about starts talking about Toshiba? What about them? What about them? On the HD DVD side this article sucks like I say from macro. Why would he expect macro? On the HD DVD side, Warner Home Video settle starts selling HD DVDs headlives April 18. Million dollar baby? Wanna see that? No. Last time you arrived? No. Phantom of the opera? I don't mind you. I wanna see it. This will cause 29 bucks each. And we'll also have titles including Batman begins. Don't wanna see it. Constantine, training day and a matrix. Fair. Warner's launched time in the first HD DVD Conted the launch day calls and the question to Syvast Plan to something in March. To launch in March. To Syvast said that it intends to synchronize lots of its first players and available to your content. The launch plan to other studios is to be announced but to Syvast statement that is delayed amongst you not content. Outwards if this can't come out until nice not there's no sense in launching in this month is what Syvast said. Well sure was a circuitous way to get around to it and kill some tremendous time. Is what I would say. It's not really. Yeah. Oh, I'd buy the way. Taliban video shows be hitting some of the gruesome acts they got on their not only occurred just in the last few months. Right. The Taliban. Remember we've supposed to feed it to the Taliban. We're letting it in. Right. The Taliban. Not unless that is something on the CBC about how old smothed over there. The dictator and Pakistan are good friend. The general. Perfect. We'll share of how he's aiding in a been and a one with one hand. They're like killing a few of them. But on the other hand, they like the Taliban because they were the ones that stuck in in the first place and they like having disruption in Afghanistan. They want to have a disorganized disruptive to that Afghanistan if they're good for them because it makes them more important to the USA. I like that. So on the other hand, they're aiding in a betting the Taliban who are stronger than ever and in some parts of Afghanistan are back run on the show. I poppy. How many people we got checked in here? 1294 will have over 1300. I wanted to a clock. That's not so good. I'm missing. I've gone to Taliban that you had higher of sense of Asians, check-ins, African. The same kind of groups of people that you had in Afghanistan before 9-11. Adorting challenge in the war on terror. Right. Adorting challenge. That was another mission accomplished. You're right. There was all down. There's that cure felt she's behind it. Send her ass over there right now. Scare her ass on a stick. Now, let's see. How are we doing with those bottom groups? Still a one-nine Hispanic life female out of 25. Forget about those young chicks. Okay. George. Forget about them. I've already forgotten. No you didn't. And look at these other ones. Mostly this Asian female 2554. Asian female out of 25. Well, listen. How could we have any Asian listeners and South Florida? There are no Asians. How many Asian Japanese and Chinese people and Vietnamese and Korean live in South Florida? About 30 minutes. Total. So the fact that we got about 10 or 12 on there, we're doing pretty good. We got almost half the whole Chinese and the Japanese population in South Florida. As opposed to here where we got holy and Filipino is, let me ask you how many Filipinos live in South Florida. I don't know you're so happy. I would say. Yeah. Because all the rest of them are here and they're all gay. Believe me. Out of control. Doug Thompson, your buddy, right? And there's an interesting picture. This is a picture we've all seen. Bush's a salute. Uh-huh. To a cameraman from his term as Governor or Texas where he's going to be a middle digit. You like that. Of course. I have it. Really cute. Doug Thompson's Republican say Bush's arrogance is downfall. Err against. How can he be that dumb and be arrogant? Sit down with a Republican member of Congress, party leader or political strategy to hear a recurring theme. President George W. Bush has gotten too big for his bridges and needs to be taken down in Austria too. The White House has been non-responsive and arrogant and a Republican senator Lindsey Graham. Uh-huh. Who adds that he and fellow Republicans put up with it when things are going well. But says problem is where their heads when things are not going well. And things are not going well for the troops and 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue public opinion polls show Bush's job approval and popularity ratings in free fall, especially among Republicans. A new poll by Pew Research says 70% of Americans feel the president went to the rack. What would not a clear plan more than a half said they feel he lied about his reasons for invading the country. The president has a political 10 years as minister of Republican Senator Norman Coleman, normally one of Bush's strong supporters and a real jackass, by the way, Norman Coleman, former college roommate of Norma Kent. Norma Coleman says he needs to shake up his staff and those around him. Mrs. Sipy Sander, the cheerleading trend lot. Former Republican leader joined the course of those calling for new blood in the White House, even suggesting Bush harrow former GOP senator who helped the administration deal better out with the Hill. Republicans in both the House and Senate still few more of the boarded to buy for steel that hurryed to hire Supreme Court nomination debacle and the failed Iraq war and other administration's groups, how about the Katrina, which they see is hurting them back home with voters. Others say Bush is never against when a lawmaker approaches the White House for help adds to the anger. They point to how the White House hung south to the Republican senator John Soon out to dry as a prime example. Soon, recruited in all our GOP efforts to defeat House Democrat for your time national, one by promising to keep Elzworth Air Force base open when the Pentagon targeted the Elzworth for closing to the peer of the Bush for help. Bush is response, why are you whining? This administration needs to help us if they want to help them in angry tunes, says he's seen them different tunes these days. Republicans can play it openly about how they feel Bush misled them on the true cost of the Medicare drug prescription program. Florida representative Tom Feeney calls it fires remorse when he talks about finding out he was lied to by the White House. It was probably a greatest failure in my adult lifetime he adds. The anglers not limited to Republicans of old office, conservative budget expert and author Bruce Bartler calls Bush a traitor to the legacy of Ronald Reagan adds that Bush has sold out both and party in the nation. Even staunch White House defender Peggy Nunes says, recent scandals surrounding the White House and Congress show a new Republican culture indifferent to government largest. William Beth Buckley, the conservative's conservative, now labels the invasion of Iraq a mistake. The most damn and quick-tieker the Bush administration is that it's failed to foster political service and intellectual allies since Daniel Cassie seemed to be directed to the White House writers group and advise it to former Republican presidents. There are a few Bush Republicans who champion his type of strong government, which is a provoking in the low 40s and now in low 30s. It's safe to assume no one's running the 2008 presidential race on a platform of continuing the Bush legacy. Thank God. The only question is it's only 2006 early. You know what I'm saying? Right. Can we make it till 2008? And what kind of loser will they come up like that one other article said? What kind of national disaster? What kind of terrorist attack will happen between now and end? Or maybe before November is a VISTA disillusion? Oh, surprises. Yeah, surprise. If we go again, more buildings being blown up. Please watch here. I'm sorry. They won't do it though. No, it's a conspiracy. They won't want to. Well, no, not just that. If they won't make the effort to even click on there and send 20 bucks for the CD or the even if they're going to throw it out. Like, yeah, I spent 100 bucks for these noodles. They were very cheap at the shipping was exorbitant. I'm going to put them in a plastic sack. And one of my garbage says, and throw them down the shoot right into a cloud. How about the garbage break? Huh? I said, I'll shoot. Yeah, I'll shoot. I'm going to do it during this break. Just to make sure I don't change my mind. They're slimy. They're slippery. They're nasty. They're like they're like chew on rubber bands. One-thirteen, excuse me. And when you three years after, saw, well, by the way, how we do it out there? Probably you all wrapped up now, I would think. Well, yeah, roll it over with a five piece. Five piece, band. Five bills, five hundred. So that's half of what we were hoping for. Half. Now, I said, but we were hoping for with 720, uh, 720, five hundred. We got us to our 19 grand. That's what we were hoping for. Seven and a quarter couldn't do it. A five piece. Chinkway. Chinkway, meaning. Chinkway, chantho. Sorry. Sorry. So I mean, we got 18, 775. That's less to hear of it for me. We're giving the totals every now and then because it'll be going on our website. You can click right on there. We'll just say, uh, run. And as far as the colors of the, uh, t-shirt, that's your ass. You know, all these people, please. Why don't you, we'll put it on your website, make it on. And what about the colors of the t-shirt? Who picked those up? Does the same color is the cover of the, uh, CD? In fact, I got my, uh, t-shirt right here. There are fact. And I would worry, very probably, even though the colors may be a little bit. What's, what's, what is that mean? What are gate colors? Okay. Well, tell us that mean. Pink. No, what is no pink on this? There's yellow and blue and purple and a little white. And that's it. Doesn't it go on gray? Gray like in the tombstone and the cemetery there. And then there's a little brown. Okay. A little brown like on a, uh, most musk ratler's brown and my shoes are brown, which I don't wear brown shoes. Who do I wear now for like that? Oh, there's my new outfit. That's always worried about my wardrobe. That's right. There's my new outfit for it. So then you think that guy's going to want to buy a, no. See a lot of new people are talking a big bunch of crap and who like, you know, you're just always there. You're ever present. You're not going to give us like two cents. You wouldn't give anybody two cents. Probably because you don't have two cents. Or fidisit. Let's talk about how many, how many, how many people are there. So I'm going to say, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I did. They're like non productive creatures. I was the non productive people, but that would mean self-adulizing real people. Non productive creatures. So 18,775 we got us. And you know, so so we can come up with 20 grand for those folks over there. 50, you know, minus the 500 bezels. That's 15 grand. It's the best we can do. Unless, of course, I was thinking, I'll Iraqi horror picture show. We could take deaf and clearance toward the two individuals responsible for this debacle. Is here. And we could put them up like on our on a stage. You know what I'm saying? And let people know that and hand out tomatoes and eggs and let people show a variety of vegetables and fruits. We could tell you tomato. We could tell you tomato. We could throw like five bucks per tomato. Yeah, five bucks per toss. I think that's it. Just time and put like a red rubber ball on each one's mouth. Give me a hundred bucks worth. Can we can also put Joyce up there in the same stage. Yeah, I would add. I would come and send that. Listen, if they were 20 dollars to me, though, as I buy. I didn't even judge my go for a couple of those. I could do that. Yeah. Watch a balloon. Yeah. I always got big ideas, but they don't want to lift a finger man. I'm, let me list the same finger that your person was lifting. They're the cameraman and Texas. That's my finger clearance. You idiot. Three years after, saw him, new fear is hotter. Rackies. Oh, everything's going on with all. Where is that one? Three years after, US forces invaded over throw Sodom. Iraqis have one free occupation. Staying alive. Let's pack up the VG's. Come on. Every day, I feel like I'm waiting in a queue for deaths at one by that lawyer, too frightened to be named in print. I hit the march twice in Bayesian anniversary. Riders has dozens of Iraqis. If life was now better or worse. There we go. Stamely. That's where it's at. Where he's John Revolta. That's right. He's still in the closet with time crew. I'm a woman with time crew. I'm a woman with time crew. Most were gloomy. At best and vivid with new fears you're placing old ones. The parliament that meant first yesterday is that a huge task in terms of security like before was much better said businessmen Adel who's saying 45 in basura in terms of security like people was much better but economically now it's much better. Of course, he's in the heart of the Southern Iraq oil industry. In the violent northern oil city of Kirkuk, Labour Ali Salman said before the war was a very strong and strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a small country. The military's military is a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The military was a strong country. The shoes were the sole害able because the military was few. The military had the army. The military had the back. I thought it was like a joke. I thought it was like an old tradition from like the ancient. And then I find out that Catholics actually, the really dumb ones, they go on the evening. We really shrew the ashes on their forehead. I've never seen that. If I saw them in ashes on, huh? Have you ever seen it? That's a little kid out of here. By and other words, these are people who walk around and public and they shrew ashes on their forehead. It's the show up at school like that. We got people that show up at work. And this building? Oh my God. Yeah, right here. By the people with ashes on their forehead for serious, it was at a joke. Come on. For serious? For serious because it was ashes. How about if it was as Wednesday? Why didn't they have a... That's going in their forehead. Well, probably did the night before. And that's who put the ashes on. You thought they were ashes, huh? It was ashes. Wow. That's a whole man. Sometimes it's difficult to wash out those nasty stains. That is bad. I mean, here I'm 100 years old and I've been around all this time. And I never realize that there actually are those people. I talk about brainwashing. You didn't get people to do anything you want. Yeah. And they talk about the people with the cool aid and the poison pudding. Right. That should come as no surprise. You just have to lie a lot in it. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, this is a Jesus wanted it. What the hell is that Jesus? Why do we have to do with ashes on your forehead? What were that come from? Well, I don't know. Get asked to Catholic. I see. Well, I'm asking two of them sitting right there. No, I'm not Catholic. I got out of there. I heard it. I heard it. Yeah. Come on, Mr. Accord. Let's go. That injury coming from me. I thought that I never just did it. My forehead in my life. Yeah, you've sweared a little bit. That's not what I heard. As a child, we were at thought that was ridiculous. Yeah. There's smearing back. Come on. You people stopped being morons, man. Jesus. Somebody told you to take like 16 sale of home and touch and they've left over from The parents had to leave, Just screaming about that one. What more绝 doctorate like I said you brought me your favorite video. Do you have any questions about the concern of the Public Health Act to describe an persistent and체가 or moreorse than now. The whole front post is fruble. We hope Baking is the best part of my existence. I don't think I'll look at those Getskies over there. Would you please the Taliban my ass and the Shai's in the Kurds in the way and oh my god in the Sunis. Jesus God, I'll be talking about traveled people who are living like in a stone age and we're going to make them sure they are pretty soon. And the women sure got a good day or two right? Thank God. Oh yeah and it's so much better than they had it before. Not. Yeah we got a spread democracy like they haven't saw the Arabia and Egypt and Kuwait are the good Jordanian. Oh, it was a great the good. You were a EU right, gutter right, you talk about gutter religions. Tennessee speaking of religious in the insanity and intolerance because that's what religions all about intolerance. Your gods are good but oh my god, I got the good god, you're going to hell now I got the virgin's down and then then then then Tennessee can sell license plates that say choose life just like Florida just like you're a fine ass governor. I am right. Even though it does not for one of the abortion rights message, a federal appeals corps rule today. The ACLU of Tennessee had suit over the specially license plate approved by the Tennessee legislature in 2003 and what are rooting against the tag from a lower court that said it illegally promoted only one side of the abortion debate. Although in this exercise of government one side in this respect to a very contentious political issue may be ill advised. We are unable to conclude that the Tennessee statute contravenes the first amendment judge John M. Rogers, no relation said they two were enrolling by a three judge penalty 60 assertive court of appeals in Cincinnati. Government can express public policy views by him. All by the way, you do understand the South Dakota thing that whole thing they're trying to do up there with the abortion is to try to make that the test case these are current court. Other than that of Nazis, they got to handle either one there. So they wanted to send and the Supreme Court by the way in front of the court. But nevertheless, they're trying. Government can express public policy views by a musting private volunteer to disseminate this message and there's no principle under which the first amendment can be rid of or a government from doing so because the views are particularly controversial or politically divisive. What it whatever that means, sounds like double talk to me, so that some out Kelly would have said. Federal courts have been divided over the license plate programs in the dozen states like Florida are constitutional. Last year the US Supreme Court let's stand lower for a ruling that said similar South Carolina license plates violated the first amendment. Let me read that again. Last year the US court that was last year supreme court say. Tennessee drivers pay an extra fee for the choose like play in the proceeds go to new life resources in anti-abortion group. You know, across the lot for those guns and bullets, especially the abortion doctors. The plates had stirred considerable debate given or filled breads in, but the measure would come law, but declined to sign it. And yours law may consider developing new approach to deciding which causes a benefit from the sale of a specialty plates. Tennessee's got more than 120 specialty plates, most of them, so the uncounted virtual subjects like the Tennessee Titans football team, those smokies and the Tennessee walking horse. And the Tennessee walking horse is asked. That's something. So even the governor of Tennessee is more enlightened than the governor of Florida. So it ain't saying much you're fat ass governor with his dysfunctional family. By the way, how's the chief doing there? Chief Timony. How's this kid doing with that 45 million pound of money? Well, see him number. We got the bundle kids to settle with this. Better fact, I think we're here in just about as much about that. It was we are about aerial sharon. I'm telling you man, two more two more proven home entouching a poor network to put him over the edge. Two more. 141 19, maybe he's doing it in the same stuff that most of it was taken. That could be it. Oh, they were speaking in tone. Oh, I speak in tone. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. You know how much you think to give me all with him about this religious crap? That's right. Nothing takes a lot. That's it. So I think we have like a little medley there was good. I enjoyed it a lot. All the fairy tales all the bubble mice is all the time and that's why the world is in the shape of it's in today. I don't know if an island speak in the same panties day, a good old time religion man. It really brings all the people together. So they can throw rocks to detail and kill each other. And maybe in a caseload when a bomba pecania or crondey is the case maybe. All of these things not to mention of course the Jews when they rag heads. 1354 folks have checked in today. That's not too bad. And then over the weekend by Monday morning we'll have like two million right right easy. That over the weekend is when all the old Cuban women are going to check in and all the old Puerto Rican women are too interested in that. No. Hispanic life females under 25 we got three now that is interesting. That is moving into the same thing. See trace Hispanic white female under 253 but not Hispanic white female under 251. So no angles we got a sea of sand. Oh, Romeo and a ganglet. We got Juliet. Three but only one. Now that's pretty interesting. Of course, the show you a man who's Cuban women. Those young Cuban women who's hop blooded young Cuban ladies man. That's where it's at. Is it? I wouldn't know. Yeah, I don't know. You tell me the ones that are leading with all that jewelry. I can't tell you anything. And it's not a few never had the pleasure. You never had the pleasure of interacting in any way sure before one of the young Cuban ladies. I went out on one day once with one and up and up and up and came of it. Really really. What about you Josh you've got a man of the world and the south of the span of the scene have I been with a Cuban? Yeah, I have but about girl. Oh, that was so cool. That was a little funny. It's said you're up in the manual. Right now that was bad. Well, you're one of the said, you should have said when a Cuban chick is what you should have said for quite an outlock. Oh, I'm not a lazy. I can't. I'm a good. I bet he was a good shave. Oh, come on. He was. Yeah, I've went out. I've been with a plot of recon too. Reek in. I'll an a George. George couldn't get past the smell. And I just I'll joke. It's just a joke. But that's what you always say. I don't part of weekends don't smell bad. I don't say that. Oh, I was just joking. They're about I figured if I got him I'd get you to why don't I? Two birds would Go and bullet just like that magic bullet that our little spectrified on the stretcher and part of the hospital. What are you talking about? Has Josh been with a squaw? I have not. All right. Well, I got one on it. We got him beat there and end of Guamian. Fats domino here some good news were walk into New Orleans. His Katrina Flatter House and gutted and full of treasures this week as a crew from the Louisiana State Museum. We're having the lower 9th order south of the beloved musicians. Two standway grand pianos in the smaller record. We're a little serpian OG that it wasn't were a little ser. That's sad to put it with his big bad next week. Huge jar of pickled please feet. Oh, no. I'd rather eat those slimy noodles. Pickled pigs feet. They had a thing other news the other day about all the pickles pigs feet that they export for Mingui. All over the world. Well, then you remember in standing in the shadows of Motown to see whether we're having a death between Concert stops. Yeah, they kicked the one brother right out of the car because he had the pickled pigs feet. Oh, I've had in a smell to stench and they were like all gagging and puking and Like that Immusiness negotiate with the download family to say the pianos and further deterioration include them And they plant national training exhibit about the August hurricane and subsequent flooding say great land Boosie director collection So the museum Fast was rescued by a boat August. Went out as the father waters rose in his neighborhood Domino's blonde Rick house in the corner of captain St. Claude Avenue is a rock and roll shrine It's window sealed with hurricane shutters the house was as dark as a tomb State museum officials in a work crew wearing white uniforms at her to the home of the son demeanor archaeologists The first discover was an overturned and legless white Steinway besides a mudfield fish tank The rest of the larger was empty. It's walls wrapped with a 10 foot high watermark It took six episodes of the workmen to write up the piano Which had a keyboard that looks like it would man with this to Qt. Oh, God. Oh, yeah, he was a woodbind that guy yesterday The boy he smelled it everybody Anyway, so oh, once it tastes feet as some Also on the floor lay a plastic and case holy cover the activity scene on one side and a parade to obtain favors on the Other now we know why the Lord spirit fat house Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Gau Oh every time I see These Miles I say what one does never know He's a person who's a little important That's the movie president of the shit What the fuck? Oh, what I did to go to the most important And get to win all of it more And you're one best Come on, let's run and sleep at least Come on, let's run and sleep at least Come on, let's run and get rich with it Come on, let's go, please even Lover than me Help me, spread it in the throat Yeah, no care whatsoever Got a man You With We're gonna be ready. Just today. Hey man. Come by. We're in a week there there. I call nine's real 51 81 sure and see how come I would have a bag of money make us feel better. Let's get to that final goal of 20 grand. Isn't that the final goal? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Something like we'll leave it up there for freaking every year. It's going to be a whole day for the next 10 years until we get to $100,000 until every last CD old keychain, every t-shirt with those baby covers on till everything is sold. It's going to be on there, right? Right. We've even got an old bottle of olive oil that you love to your will sleep and be selling that to. Right. I'm going to share that on my noodles right at tour cloud. Here's a good idea for the weekend. Something we can do to keep your office free. What's that? Let's go play baseball. Let's all be some more prisoners. Oh. Let's scream nice and loud. Get me some water's in a battery. Oh, right. I don't care if they're from my rat to cute to the torture because they're just playing their game in the past. Eat, touch to be worse with the dumb Who say, bye bye. It's me. Okay. Will play mama brought her down? My name's myendoon to blushll.