Get the chalk, set the chalk for the on the channel, I pour. You softly accuse me of giving aid and comfort to Ben Laden because of what happened this morning. No one knew how kindly existed to be in. If you're wrong and you know it, play a person. If you're wrong and you know it, play a person. If you're wrong and you know it, play a person. If you're wrong and you know it, play a person. If you're wrong and you know it, play a person. That's a loser. If you're wrong and you know it, play a person. That's correct. That's so wrong and you know it, play a person. That's the middle east is going. All down and it's going. That's a terrible way to control and play a person. Richard Clark and all the intelligence people said that I ordered a bigger assistant to get in Laden and came closer apparently to anybody has sent. All right. And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings and you know it's not true. It's just not true. It's just not true. Read the book, damn it. It ain't true and it believed me. There's a guy that knows something about stuff. He didn't true. It's a terrible long story to come and saw some of his that's true and we got 121 votes on the pool already. We just sat down. That's true. Man, oh my God. Lot of absolute truths, you know what? Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. From 101 votes already. I think I can go back to bad. Got some bad news for how many golf people out there. I'm sure they know about this. Don't they? You're a non one. Fire and Nelson. Oh, that's a 93 year old guy. No, he's 94. He said 93 in the story. No, it did not seem well here. If you'd be the right story, some sports illustrated. I just not a sports guy. That's you probably get bad information. Sorry. Probably the story you read. I'll say a T.O. Pop, only like four pills instead of like 35, 37, whatever it had was. What kind were they? Well, we'll get we'll get to it. All right. This throwax. Put him out of his pain. Pay him prescription pain medication. Probably something mild like two and all. Something like that. I don't know. You know what? You're a drug expert. I don't know nothing about that crap. Half-lage in Byron, Nelson 94 is dead. Oh, you'd golf people out there. You don't have a Byron, Nelson classic name after him. I believe Josh. Oh, yeah. Come on. You're a golf guy. Come on. Yeah. I just a slow fush for the green. Oh, no, you didn't. Did you really? No, I didn't. I would lose so much respect for anybody. If I found out they played golf willingly. I did recently play golf the first time in my life. Yeah. And I was in horrible at it. I'm not asking how you were at it. But if you had to. Oh, yes. I was like, well, you do it again. If I do it again ever, I'd like to play nine holes instead of 18. Yeah, a little bit much. And then miniature golf is a lot more fun anyway. Oh, totally. That's a little bit. Byron Nelson went the greatest deal in the history of professional golf. In 1118 tournaments to 1945, including a record, 11-0, died yesterday. He was only 94. Oh, my God. I always loved it when it says no cause of death was listed on the website of the Turrent County Medical Center. He was 94. No cause of death was listed. For all ages, how's that sound? Byron Nelson named a golf firm after me was a commentator for about a year. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck up me like that. And now he's dead. 94. It's old enough. Yesterday we asked in our pool who has history been most kind to with 1412 votes. That's funny cause now we got 12-09 to start today and that's cause it goes to show a George little lesson for you there. Yeah. By the way, thanks to Kenny for mentioning my name this morning at the end of the show, out of voice. Although he sounded a little bit depressed when he said it. You hear that? Yeah, he did. State to him for Neil. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It must go with that territory that morning show business. But those are two trees with us cause you keep picking on him for being a sports show. Who has just been most kind to Ronald Reagan 642 boy. He crushed the competition. He demolished him. Ronnie Reagan. Cause most of us are old enough to realize what a right wing of a whole he was. In mind was a slime ball. To his cost position. Yeah. 45.4% almost half of the year respondents said it was Ronnie Reagan. Abe Lincoln, 148. The pilgrims 142. Priscilla Aldrin. Uh ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm proud of myself but I forgot all I crap. What do you guys is make? I was meet up names meet up pilgrims and stuff. No. 142 said the pilgrims are a full of crap. Joe Kennedy the old man wore a blood egg gangster. What a crook. What a thief. 95 for old Joe. Like I told him the Lord the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, smoke him. Give him that big nasty stroke. I hate this pool 92 to 69% well. I don't know what's wrong with that. So that was pretty good in you. Yeah, it was great. Well, they hate. Hey. Robert E. Lee 55. Henry Ford 52. Charles Lindberg 46. Whether to a number like two peas in the pond. Harry Truman 40. Drop another big one, Harry. Pope pies to 1237. Henry Kissinger 24. Well, I've said it. These people just don't know their history. They better start watching some of those DVDs and stick them in their DVDs. Sure Kissinger 24. And Lyndon Johnson only had 20. And Arthur Godfrey came in on the ass and would 19. How why, yeah, how why are they got? Road 19. A virulent anti-Somenta. That seems to be a common thread in that. After a lot of, of course, there's a lot of anti-Somenta. It's pure, you know. It's like that bit we play. Everybody hates the Jews. It's just one of those things, man. It's been going around for a long time. When your God's chosen people, there's a lot of people that are jealous. You know, maybe when you run around saying that your God's chosen people are because that might be part of it too, you know. I could have held it at you. I mean, God, God. God, God. The deal, God. Johnson people. I say, Cowboys, we see, we're a Terrell Owens. And I'm sure you're here about this. On a kidney in Bo show this morning. You knew, damn well, better be listening to the kidney in Bo show. And all the rest of the station too. We need your help. Yeah, Josh. He's talking to you. I am. Oh, I know you're not. I know you're talking to me. He's not going to listen to what either. Well, I'm not actually coming to work. And I still listening coming into work or not. I'll also truth. I'm not kidding. I didn't today. We were long about that. I listened to music. Well, why is that? So in other words, if you were voting on our poll, you'd probably be more or less than I used to. And of course, less than I used to, we don't know what that means. That means that might mean you're listening to this show less than I mean. So that's why we purposely I did. Left it kind of like open. And I've voted for self-info. You sell them listen to them. I put it. I voted for the one that sent a button. There's forced talk as Congress. You know me. I voted for Ireland. Listen to the Neil Ridership. Oh. And of course, you got no choice. Right. Cowboys received their terror loans ingested a large amount of prescription pain medication in the suicide, a tentacode who had now placed report quoted by WFAA. The report indicates that when police asked Owens if he had tried to harm himself, he said, yes, the station said. The team source last night said that Owens had suffered an allergic reaction to pain medication. It was admitted to pay her medical center, but they lie a lot. You know, these teams lie like crazy. Oh, I was left the hospital early this morning. Police said it would make a statement during working hours. A news conference is going to be held a day and we're sure that CNN will be over that like stink on Joyce. Terrell Owens publics his Kim Etheridge set of the incident. This is not serious. Right. The source said, oh, instead, this is unknown for today's practice. And for the Cowboys game against the Titans on Sunday, those tower, those terrible Tennessee Titans, a tower of power. Channel 11 Dallas reported that a fire rescue team took Owens to the hospital, reportedly to the emergency room to reduce vomiting. Dallas placed him in confirmed where the 90 details caused Owens 80. He was on pain medication after suffering a broken bone leading to his right pinky ring finger in the September 17th came against the risk. Next thing he had a plate screwed in to protect the bone so he could heal with no further risk of damage. Bill Parcell said that pain medicine made Owens ill. Well, there you go. Try to kill himself. Took a bunch of pills. I'll take it. It would always work a lot better than that. Or to the where your brain was supposed to be. Always works like a charm. It does. It didn't really lie. Huh? He wanted the attention. No. How you know that? You would know, Terrell, once it became an insect you're up the side of the head. No, but I know so he came in there with a towel around him and nickel it's here in the two of me with every time I want to commit suicide. I make sure. Well, he brings up a good point. He probably wants the attention. He tries on attention. Well, so how can we didn't take like 10 pills instead of like all 35? I don't know. Maybe he knew he could beat it. That's right. It could be that already taken 20 of the other time and say, eh. 1237 votes on the pool. How much do you usually listen to? W2M these days. This is on the heels of that trend that came out on Monday. That trend that said that we have 0 points in men on this radio station on a sports station. We all points and they got a kiss across the street in August if you can be danger to all the screen each other over there now about it. Oh, we're on the way. We're on the way here on the way. All right. And would I often would have a dolphin broadcast. I'm excited to lose more than three four million is here on the dolphins. And how about those, uh, more or less last night there, it's official now. There are other things and it says 11,000 in the boxboard. The article on the game said that empty nearly empty dolphin stadium. Are you surprised? No. I see I seen about four seconds of it. Me too. They were about 11 there. People. Why do they lie so much? If you're going to lie, say like 3500, you know, and I'll say 11,000. Why do they make up some ridiculous numbers? Like, when they're, anyway, right. I'm not coming. It's easy. It's easy. It's easy. It's easy. It's easy. It's easy. It's easy. It's easy. The deal show, 6504 that's 52.8% how do you like that? Is that shocking or what? We don't even talk about sports very much except Terrellones trying to kill or kill himself. Just think if you did and burn Nelson. I just think if we did we didn't have anybody listening. Less than I used to. 2016, again, that that's open for interpretation. That could mean they listen to the sports segments less than they used to or could mean it was less to us or both all these things. You know, that's why we purpose enough to like that and get them all talking around the water cooler. What do you hear? Yeah, sure. They are quite a bit 136. Well, thank God for that and quite a bit. Now, there was more than two few minutes a day. Sell them 101, uh, all more than ever 67. That must be because of New Kenny and Bow Morning Show. What do you think? It's part show. And I hate this pool 33, 2.6% and sports talk is Pondris only 30. Look at that. About 34% sports talk and I guess that's because they have to murder choices, right? Right. 1247. How long are you going to be supporting him now? Can you believe that? When you start with 1550, it's easy to do 1600. I think we'll do 1600, they don't do it at least. And then they'll be talking about that around it. All over town, man. Every water cooler in town that we've seen, you know, that's that got had 16 and a 10 before and two or a clock today at Holy. God, it must be somebody listening. No, not necessarily. Less than we used to, but then we don't know what that is. That's see that opens it up for a future possible pool, right? Right. Always open up the door for a good pool. That's what I see. Even if it's after 10, let's take a look at that award when you line up today. And like I said, you better start listening a lot more. I mean, I don't want to like, you know, put that in kind of like an add mention. But you better, because we need to cash. We need the jobs. Although I noticed that a log is loaded with spots. Now we got spots up the old, uh, brettomeshoot. Magdog, two to four this afternoon is only one mad dog. There's a lot of other people who've been using that name. You know, there's a lot of hammers and a lot of mad dogs. I love that promo. We're Dave Ann Boying. The kid they call had a hammer. Whatever it had, hell I was. And is nobody says, yeah, I said, yeah, the kid they call hammer. Hammer this. Hammered Dave on the side of the head and wake his ass up. See how many way they're out. They're done mad dog two to four. The power hour with Hank and a mad dog four to five boys. Some genius must have come up with that idea. That's a good idea. That's probably the most fun hour of the whole universe in sportskalk in this market. The hump are five to six dirty another tough hour and a half assignment because we got the pregame at six dirty. There ought to be one hell of a crowd. The marlins in the reds again, 705, followed up at the head Catholic church. The biggest name of this entire universe is wheel rotors for Shredio 560. Amen. You got this. This is our witness news. On Secretary of State Condole's arrive is just back from a diplomatic visit to Canada. Somehow this trip conjured up talk of a romantic nature. Relations between Canada and the U.S. are heating up. U.S. Secretary of State and Canada's foreign ministers seem to hit it off. Secretary of Race. I've always been a fan of yours. If I did touch it like lovers, I also last night had a chance to meet Peter's number. Oh, oh, oh! You're hungry. Must be something in here. I do love Peter. Please come back again. Oh, oh, oh! Not so innocent. It took me an unlawfully to Peter. Making us hot. Oh, yeah. I woke up a lot of day before he was diagnosed with a 1018. That sounded like Jeannie most from us in a dinner. A little bit. Speaking of old banks. From under the 66 votes on the pool. Let's ban. Oh, there's the police say that the Ones overdose on painkillers. No. Ready for the game against the Philadelphia Eagles. Philadelphia Eagles. And that's a big game for Terrell O. A huge game. Not only for. I mean, that's why he did it. The hotel ones because that's a former team. Right. And you have to remember that former team that he played with. He had several confrontations there. A few of you will with Donovan McNadda quarterback there. And it ended up ending very bright. Well, that's a good way to avoid that confrontation again. Just follow a bunch of pills right didn't work though. Didn't work. Pistol Iraq War protests prompt 71 arrests. Two presbyterian ministers were among 71 people arrested during a series of peaceful protests against the war in Iraq yesterday. Today, Schrochman for a group participating in a protest. You see, there's a suspicious package there in front of the DC courthouse. Where they have to go to the living here, it's going to take place today. They got a suspicious package. You got the bomb-stiving doggs. Man. A lot of paranoia, a lot of psychosis going on. Anybody out there if you got a suspicious package, hide it. Demonstrated held citizens, prayer services, and singalongs at four locations in the capital complex, including the central 18 of the Senate Heart Office building. This is yesterday. The demonstrations were reminiscent of the Vietnam era with protestors from in guitarist singing peace songs, holding flowers wearing hats made of balloons. Senate staff has watched the demonstrations from their offices. Protesters said that civil workers give them a thumbs up or other signs of approval. When they made sure nobody was watching. Here's a pulse existing from one of our listeners out there, which place says more. Oh no. This is easy. Which place has got more hate than Middle East or South Florida? Well, that's a no-drainer man. We have no or kinds of hate. Can we do? Yes. Down here. I see. We're trying to protest a lack of civil liberties and try to end the protestors said protestor Alex Grind of New York yesterday. 33 of those arrested were charged with unlawful conduct inside the heart building. 38 more demonstrators arrested at separate protest near the capital. Of those 23 were charged with crossing a police line and 15 were charged with demonstrating without a permit. I'd like to add. Among those arrested during the demonstrations were two presbyterian ministers. A Catholic activist and a member of a Quaker group. Oh, boy. I would have been able to infeedle in their oats. Those Quaker, you think? Oh man. Wasn't Nixon a Quaker? Yes, he was. Mahadele like that. All you people have to think that Quakers are like more honest and like the honest. Your whole brother. You're never going to find a Quaker near him. Rick Rally was a Quaker. Get out of here. All right. See, Faker. Rick Rally was a Faker? I didn't say that. Are you, you called him a Quaker thing? Faker. Yeah. How do you talk about his, I thought he was a born again Christian. Quakers aren't born again. Chris is his family was Quakers. We were talking about origins once and he sent a sentence from Quakers. He said. No. I thought he was a singer from like Rednex. Well, see, leave it to you. All these months had gone by his name hasn't even surfaced on his show. And all of a sudden I don't know where they go. They go as picking on Torbuk Rally. You brought up Quakers. Yeah. I didn't know he was a Quaker to this day and never knew that. That explains a lot. But I wanted that half to do with his cheerleading wife. Nothing of it. Maybe he liked the Quaker. And what about Pab Paxon and his extriper wife? Hmm. 2001 memo to Rice contradict statements about Clinton and Pakistan. You think Condy would lie to you that will bank. Now that you got her T fixed. A memo received by US Secretary of State Condy, Police, the Reich, Hurl, after becoming national security adviser in 2001, directly Contracted statements you made to reporters on Monday. Rostory says. We were not left to comprehensive strategy to fight out. Codditchy told reporters the New York Post on Monday. That's room for Murdoch's right way in New York Post. Big pieces were missing. She said, like an approach to Pakistan and my work. Because without Pakistan, you weren't going to get Afghanistan. Rice made the comments and response made by to claims by. Former President Clinton on Sunday. The argument is administration done more than the current one to address the Afghani 49-11 terrorist attacks. If he stopped short of calling the former President a liar. However, Rostory found that just five days after President Bush was sworn into office, a memo from counterterrorism, extrovert Richard Clark to Rice included the 2000 document. Strategy for eliminating the threat from the de-hottest networks of al-Qaeda status and prospects. This document devotes over two of its 13 pages of material to specifically address these strategies. For securing Pakistan's cooperation and interacting against al-Qaeda in the Taliban and Afghanistan. It sounds to me like she's a freaking liar that kind of lays it with her mushroom cloud. Aw, come on, maybe she's just stupid. That could be it. That's stocked her rice and she's a great penis. The strategy document includes as we've leveraged that the U.S. And when you didn't see the P-16 minute, did you understand something? No. Is that that really? Was Tinkflon on a P&O? No. The capital of reminded me of Reagan there in the Exodus. Remember she came in and tinkled on a floor wall, I mean I'm pretty sure. The priest was Tinkflon on the penis. It wouldn't be the first time. The strategy document includes three levers that the U.S. and started applying to Pakistan as far back as 1990. Sanctions, political and economic methods of persuasion are all offered to send in to some of its successful. Other portions of the Pakistani civilian to Pakistan, Mark has operational details where we're redacted from the decline to five memo of the sea eyes request. Clark made it clear that the Clinton administration recognized the problem that Pakistan posed in mounting a more sweeping campaign against the Latin. Overacted against the Latin who is a hero especially in the Pashtun ethnic border areas in Afghanistan, Clark speculated late 2000, would be so unpopular to threaten Mushirov's government. The plan notes that after the attack on the U.S. as coal, Pakistan had forbidden the U.S. from again violating its airspace to attack the Latin Afghanistan. The memo sent by Clark to rice to which they couldn't their document was attached also urges action on Pakistan relating to al-Qaeda. First to be addressed to Clark and list of pending issues relating to al-Qaeda is what the administration says to the Taliban and Pakistan about ending al-Qaeda sanctuary in Afghanistan. We are severely proposing early strong messages of both. And it goes on a great life, but in that she's a liar as if that's a kind of a surprise of these people. And it is a very surprised that these neocons would try to conny American public and the world would have packed a lie. Would they pack you a glass? You know we almost got 13 every votes are we? What is going on here? What is going on with this poll? I don't know. I know we had a big head start but they're pouring in in chunks now in big, guppy chunks. You almost smell them. How much do you usually listen to QMV's days? 1294 votes. I bet you some are coming from across the street. Try to put us down, you know. That's it. They'll do anything to hurt us. Huh? Just repeat it. Only the neocho is 694. 53.6% what the hell would they do with that? Us and our non-sports nerd audience. Oh, they do with us. Probably you've claimed you cringey and melodies by now. Less than I used to. 222. 222. That's not good. That's good. Quite a bit 140. Sell them 104. Come on. If it was an estation sell them 104? No. Sell them more than ever 67. Sports talk is ponders 34. That's what I voted. God is it ever. What about the Ricky? I think we're going to come back to the idea. I think we're here. I want to go on a daily. If Danny's got some less than the tank. And I hate this poll 33. Only 2.5%. They like it. That's why they're just the votes are just pouring in that. We might do 45,000 votes today. And no matter what the outcome they're two things I will guarantee you. No matter how many votes we have by two o'clock. There will be more votes than there were people at last nice Marlon Rids game. And we'll have more votes by two o'clock when they have listening right now across the street. And a feast name. So best tell us the pieces. We'll rotters for Shredio 560. You A-M. Stop crying. Stop crying. You may not realize it, but plot of his fuller things to do. Take a leisurely grue along what many Floridians call. I don't have a quarter for the turnfights 95. Two to uninsured and unskilled drivers. And they cut you off in great speeds with no breaks. Watch out for that veterans. That's right. In Florida, I'm 85 is strewn with mattresses. Higher-fagmas and alternators. To provide you with hours of fun on the tie-off course. Flap along with others. That's Ricky Wright's. Like that 85 course occur with the sought-off roof and chicken jumping out the back. Watched how you two been women. Reem their hands behind the wheel not knowing what to do. Especially in the race. Yes, there's so many things to do in Florida. You'll be busy with plenty to do before you even get a chance to do it. I can't wait to go online to get my 85 year lessons renewal online. 1031. I tell people about that about this. You'll be new with no eye test to show up and seeing if you're still alive. And they make me like, right. Like it's a joke. Like I'm making it up. 1310 votes on the pool. Man, that is scandalous. It's unbelievable. It's what it is. Absolutely. Unbelievable. Well, then Burgerland is smirkling shrimp price. Of course, I'm sure a lot of you went flying to that. What was it D&I.org yesterday did you check it out? No. I seen it. And it took them all to know me for they finally got that damn propaganda. They're those four pages out of 30 for out of about. But, certainly. The headline on this story says this is the good news. The classified national intelligence system. It looks bleak. Since abortion administration is released. They declassified excerpt from a national intelligence has been blaming your right for increased terrorism. Presumably, this is the upbeat portion of the report. One has to wonder what on earth are the pressing parts says. In other words, if this is the good news, among the highlights our judgments that the global geotus movement which includes al-Qaeda affiliated and independent terrorist groups and emerging networks themselves is spreading. And adapting to counterterrorism efforts that activists identifying themselves as geotus all the way small percentage of Muslims are increasing in both number and geographic dispersion. That the Iraq geot and pervasive anti-U.S. set them into my most Muslims are fueling the spread of the geotus movement. And that's the increased role of Iraqis and managing the operations of al-Qaeda in Iraq. Might leave veteran foreign geotists to focus their efforts on external operations. Responding the questions about the NIE yesterday, the White House said that reports based on least about the document distorted the overall thrust of it. In fact, the declassified portions are only to reinforce the impression conveyed by the government sources who are spoken to reporters at the New York Times in Washington Post. The U.S. invasion in the occupation of Iraq has aided terrorist recruiting efforts by increasing anti-U.S. sentiment and is the C.I. in predicted last year. The fighting in Iraqis providing terrorist fighting there, the opportunity to hone their skills for restboards while the parts of the world. Another practice makes perfect. Or is this saying the Vatican, practice makes perfect. And I will say, say, that's the bad news. The good news is that in the unlikely event, the U.S. succeeds in transforming Iraq into a beacon of democracy to the hottest world, why will be demoralized and their street creed eroded. Their street credibility. They were seen that word creed. Vorsch will use the released excerpts to continue arguing that Iraq is the central front of the war on terror saying that the judgments in the NIE show that we can't fail on Iraq without handing terrorists a major victory. It will also continue to vote off on any hint that he has a clue about how to achieve whatever it is he hopes to achieve there. I guess before you can achieve something, you have to know what it is you want to achieve, you know what I'm saying? Oil. The NIE suffod relation includes a very creepy rhetorical flourish throughout the U.S. Israel to realize the homeland which sparks unhappy memories of father lands and mother lands and two glaring omissions. There is absolutely no mention of the homegrown Iraqi insurgency, which even the administration announces is a far more potent that can interact and are the imported fighters of whatever stripe and which will end in the end determine whether extremists can or cannot claim Iraq is a victory. And there's no mention of the actual state of affairs in Iraq. As in bad. The likelihood is that one is a sparrow. The likelihood is that one group of extremists are another will claim victory in Iraq no matter what happens. It's just a question of whether it's the extremist serving as the powerbrokers in the Iraqi government or the extremist fighting these extremists. Politically, the report may be a wash. On one hand, it does be enforced that you know about accurate perception that the U.S. withdrawal from Iraq will enhance the power and prestige of anyone who can make a reasonable claim to drive yourself and puts pressure on Democrats other opponents of a continued occupation to come up with a more detailed alternative than simply going away. On the other hand, however, it confirms that the invasion of the country is a enormous blunder and that the conduct of the occupation has been an enormous amount of damage to U.S. and global security and the White House response to a base of the question of why voters should continue to win trust to conduct of the occupation and counterterrorism in general. The people of clearly in a consensus judgment of every U.S. intelligence agency place the country a greater risk than they were five years ago. Wasn't that the bottom line again? Greater risk than we were five years ago before an unloading. According to all estimates, by anybody with IQ larger than their unit. 1315 votes, I'm going to attend to there probably just tear each other's guts out across the street. 1315 and you know something on at qm.com, I hope you're not going to be taking any polls on your drive, like you wish that Terrell owns would have succeeded, stuff like that. No, no polls. Because you know Dan, why do you want to like 300 votes? Well, maybe now that you screw up that website, maybe that you're on again. You remember what you do with it? Everything on the webmaster. But I mean, what are you doing to improve it? Well, we're trying to, we're working on getting a new site, which would be what? Sportsnards.com? Well, it still serves our us, it would still be the great WQAM.com, but you know, it needs to be revamped, if you will. Yeah, that's it. Flash that baby down the trail and start all over again. Schmidt can it? Clear the decks. Start all over here and those two key colors on there too. Looks like those blue and yellow. I'd like QAM colors. Blue and yellow. And is that what those are? Yeah. We need some new colors on this radio station. May not that we got a new morning show and a new lineup. I think that would be good just in time for our great promotional campaign for the TV campaign and the billboards and the blimps. Are we going to have all that going on? Oh, yeah. Wait for it. That's the end to understand that we unfail this great new lineup for 20 of the volumes. We have Kenny and Bow morning show. It's a departure. But Kenny's good. And Bow. Actually sounds a little bit animated during the morning. I think Kenny and gooses in every once in a while. Maybe three hours ago. Huh? There's a goose button. Oh, the goose button. Yeah. And I like that one. I think Bow is sitting on it because he keeps sound like he's being gooseed. Anyway, he just seems to be like a little animated for an old daughter to the junk. And so I think they might actually do a little lumber in there. Now you're kind of skeptical on that. What's good for the goose is good for the gambler. There you go. Told you. He knows a good goose is hard to pass up. 137 votes and 53.6% exclusive cue. One of the shows they say on our website. And of course, the sports nerds at QA and would say, Oh, well, I'll say, sure. He doesn't have real man listening to his show. Well, it must be a lot of unreal men out there, you know? I think they're a lot of men who, you know, like me and not that I'm a real man. But who like sports who like watch ball games and pay attention to scores and know who's on first. But they're just not obsessed with it. They wanted to dissect it and chew it up and spit it out. Oh, there's that suspicious package. There's a lot of kid neck airs and a lot of suspicious packages these days. You know that? Yes, I did. That's what what's your name said, Lorraine Hubs. Was that kind of Christensen said that? I've got a great movie and dressed in like it. We feel so bad about them. When you please watch it again, no. Come on. When you hear another shot? No, I, I already saw it. You didn't see it. You fell asleep like after the opening credits you fell asleep. I just had to say this. I fell asleep and then when I woke up, I went back to when I fell asleep. Oh, you never told me that. Oh, I watched the whole movie. Oh, I got the impression that you got so bored with it that you fell asleep and I woke up was over almost. Oh, no, I watched it. I mean, like a photo on the CD ending when great on that time was in the audience. That's right. Oh, I loved that scene where he said inside the shanker, even the Kentucky Friday You know, and Lorraine Hubs comes in. I'm man, I'm going to make you a movie star or whatever she said. I recommend that people want to see network to go to your Myspace site. And he says, oh, what are you talking about? And he's got a muffler chicken when he's sad. You'll throw up a new article on an actual event that he did see. You don't think? Yes, what? Josh on two that far is no one I'm talking about. What? He didn't know that the great Ahmed Khan Warah who saw his show. He was trying to remind people to go to your Myspace site and see that music video that they made out of that, which is a good idea. Yeah, I would be glad to have the team here. If he watched the Tom Brady and his Josh Strap on the piece on their SMS, huh? That thing is hysterical. I love the par where he reaches over and grabs her booby and he probably did two as a matter of fact. I'll have to do better than that. He's doing pretty good. I can imagine he can, there are some people that would be a good poll question one day. Which of these people most likely can have anybody that they want? And that a good poll question? Yeah, it is. Yeah. Anybody they want? Me, all female animal, vegetable, mineral, you know, whatever. I shouldn't have said animal. Yeah, sorry, right. Yeah, that's right. I got news for it. Ricky Martin ain't want him. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. What a badly washed up. You know, something? This will make you feel better about life. You know, we don't hear anything more about it all for a long time now. What? Ricky Martin. Good pert. Does that make you feel better or right off the bat? See that? Just like Maddie Python said, look on the bright side, baby. We're here and nothing about that screamer anymore for a long time now. He's going to longer live in Levitah, Leica. No. He's living like we, we need a, something local. 1327. What we may pre-coast a 1400 by 11 o'clock. This is going to get us on a front page of a variety magazine. Billboard, uh, eye tools is going to be all over this. Like, stick on Greg. Wow. When you think, that's a little bit. Absolutely. When surprised me if the you two people get on it. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Top of the park racing and poker's got the plunging action that you're looking for. And of course it's easy to get to pop in a park. It's just a half mile for both I, 95 and the turnpike. And pop in a park features free admission and free general parking everyday of your life. Live harness racing in the poker room or whatever wins day. Like today Friday and Saturday, poker gets underweight noon, go send them midnight and live racing gets underweight night. Lea Wednesday, Friday and Saturday 725 and a PM. Every live racing day, the smoke free poker room, a pump in a park features Term and action all day and all night. Come on and joy. Great 995. Boyd can be primary buffet on the fourth floor in the playroom. Just show your power player reward card to get to special offer or sign up for a free card. It's a free membership. In every time you make a wager on the races or play poker and show your card. You'll be earning points for free items like bedding vouchers, programs, really parking and lots more. And don't forget dollar nights wins days when draft your soda, hot dog popcorn and large pretzels as to bucket piece that's every Wednesday like tonight. And coming up Saturday, October 7, that's a week from this Saturday. It's think paint night with special fundraising events, tell raise money for the American Cancer Society for breast cancer, awareness month. Pomp and a park harness, all the stuff is going on there. All the punch and action you could ever want to blast South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the court racing schedule called 95049722000 or go on at wickedware that Pomp and a park dot com. The feast name of this teletois is the O'erottress for Shredio 560. 420. What's that was that? That's you buddy. No. You know what happened to my new time before you redo the FI still. Why do you try and put your life back together again? Well, I put the copy folder back over here to my right or the cop letter and I just did and they fell on the Q button. And so they were like 600 cues if I would let it go right there. We're just exactly going ahead every time. I'm not going to do. Smoke some dope again. Hangin' on the bus with a couple of friends. All right. They police did an inspection once again. And busted me for shrooms and lots of hands. All the road my friends. They have a door that's pulling over on the highway. Give it a search my friends. And the two-per-gattel with smoke his way. Canada's good pay. Close the door my friend. Come on in. We'll fill the bowl again. Ready colors from the mushrooms ever end. And look at there with just made tea and end. We got busted on the road again. Yeah my god comers have earned on it end. We just got busted on the road again. Oh! 1047 at 5.60 WDQAM. They're woping it up. Woping in a hollering man. Like they're right next to him. See there's the good right next like Willie. And then there's the evil right next. Right like Willie. A packed jumbo jet was forced into a series of steep dives over London by instrument failure. The aircraft brought to its minimum permitted altitude of 1200 feet. Meaning it was seconds from a major disaster. There was panic on board. Among the more than 450 passengers and crew. As the plane began its landing approach send miles east of Heathrow Airport. The pilot had to disconnect the autopilot of the Boeing 747 and put it into a climb to 1800 feet. 1800 feet. That's your aim much man. I'll tell you that. That's mighty low. Hmm. He reestablished control with moments to spearhead a switch to manual to land. I report today into the incident said the jumbo's control panel was showing progressive flybound commands. And the autopilot was attempted to pitch the aircraft's nose down to follow these the indication. Seconds later a warning of glide-sclob a scope failure. Which gives the height of the jet appeared on the cabin screen with the warning in no auto land. The copilot immediately tried to contact their traffic control to find out if there was a fault with a glide scope, but he couldn't get through because of radio congestion. The air traffic control had also noticed the unusually low altitude is the plane dropped again and immediately ordered the Boeing to climb again. Just like that saw we just played. Time to climb again. You know that way. The official report him incident by the air exit investigations branches that is the flight crew taxi the jet towards its parking stand. They reported a wear traffic control that the glide scope had fluctuated or is that the plane is in the air. The flight crew was locked away to the air exit and it was a flat-shaded flight. I think that's what this was. A warning was immediately sent up by your driver to control to other approaching aircraft to see if they were experiencing similar problems. But none of them did. The incident happened on the other. The tenth in January just after midday and months ago. That's what this just happened. This is in the British evening standing there a little bit slow. God. Two years ago Prince Charles's plane was involved in near Miss Wooden Airbus. Charles was flying into his plane. His private jet to Spain when it came with a 900 feet of an airbus A321 with a 1806 passenger on board. Airlingous said the airbus had been flying on the control of London Air traffic control at the time. I think they got problem. Air what? So what do you more upset about the fact that his plane didn't crash or that now see that would kill a lot of us and people. That's right. We don't want that. Whereas in T.O.s case it was just him. Nobody else wasn't cheering with nobody else the peels. Oh, there's that telecommunic guy that Jeff's guy on trial. That's a perfect lunatic. He'd be fine. Right. Doug Thompson, your favorite right stupid is stupid does. He must be right in the back two way. You know, this must be the great weed story. Still getting a drink before you read Doug Thompson. That's how good his articles are. Really? Yeah. You mean like a stiff drink like booze or beer? Like you know, when it's suddenly like a beer in a cigar or a drink or something. A cigar in a beer. A beer. A beer. That one. So Doug up. Stupid is. It's not very long and it's good. I'm tired of eating these long pond restores because I know it doesn't keep anybody's attention. Like the next one after this injured penis works 1.5 million to jury. And they'll be on the edge of their seats for that. Yeah, what's it about that? The guy who had the injured. Anyway, Doug Thompson says, too often, you got you lit up to our one. Yeah. I lit up. Good. Too often voters make the serious mistake of assuming that political candidates and elected officials are a smart. Most of them aren't. In fact, many of them are done more than fence posts. I've covered politicians as a journalist and work with them as a political operator for more than 40 years now and can count on one hand the number with IQs about that of a two-minute egg. Take George Allen, the Virginia Senator, and want to be present. A few weeks ago, he noticed the young man with the video camera in the crowd at a campaign rally. He knows the guys at campaign operator for his opponent. He makes a fool of himself on videotape. I refer to the young man, the young native of Virginia. The young native of Virginia, Vindy Vicent, as Macauca, and Ethnic Slur against those being inherited. Boy, I'm not reading this well. To most people, Common Sense would dictate that you don't issue Ethnic Slurs while your opposition is videotapeing you. Common Sense, however, is not found in most political campaign plans. Common Sense says Allen would not come up to a political action committee representative at a Washington Fundraiser called Afro-American's Niggers, but Allen did. I know I was the pack rep he said that to a 1991. Common Sense says, you know, face your political career on being a Southern good old boy. Virginia and then claiming you never ever used that particular Ethnic Slur. Too many people would have heard you say it, and those folks started coming out of the wood pile this week when Allen made that ridiculously stupid claim. Those who defend Allen say it's not fair to nail the senator for something you said in college or maybe 20 years ago. Of course, these are the same people who waive an article that Allen's opponent, former Navy Secretary of J.M. Web wrote 1979, questioning the wisdom of women in combat. Web didn't help his cause of his incredibly lame response to a question about the article on a recent meet to press affairs. Stupidly, I found his nonpartisan. To be fair, Allen does not hold a patent on political immediacy. It's public domain among candidates and elected officials. Democrat Gary Hartzell, Faded campaign for president, Kimber, crashing halt. When he challenged reporters to follow him around the city with cheating on his wife and those who did just that caught Washington Party girl down a rise, sneaking out of his capital hill townhouse after a kindness and evening with the senator. And we're uh, what's his name with a trench coat from the Harold Tom Fever. Right. Senator Paul Simon another Democrat who wanted to be president campaigned in Chicago white sauce game when the team was continuing for our rare occurrence in the baseball playoffs report arrested senator what he thought of the white sauce chances. Firstly, I don't care Simon said, I'm a Cubans fan. The political battle fields are Washington and the nation are littered with a blood of those who spoke before they thought or turned stupidity into an art form. That bloody history includes a drug and willabermil stumbling on stage to visit a stripper girlfriend, a horny built Clinton getting a BJ from Monica Lewinsky while chatting with world leaders and allowing Richard Nixon declaring, well, I am not a crook. You know, sad to clean up that little bit that's a BJ. Former or I if we are administrator marked WFELF Washington Post before to Bob Woodward, Shadowey, source known only as deep throat for many years. May have put a vester in one of his time distant meetings of woodward and an arlington Virginia parking garage. Forget these myths you and the others and the media created about the White House felt said, the truth is these are very bright people and things got out of hand. Today more than three decades later we see constant reminders that these people still are very bright and things still get out of hand. That's what your body says today and put the abouzana. Okay, it was like, no, not one of his great masterpieces of what I run through the point. He's done better. Oh, Dallas police news conference expected shortly on T. Oh, oh, oh, and then it's in Suicide. Now you're right people let it tend to aside and fail. They didn't read it one out. That's right. They're looking for a tenay rocket science. Although in imaginary heroes remember that girl that he was in the hospital away when he busted his leg and she was the ice he saw the slit. We're snarling. And then we threw two later there in the assembly there in school and the announced they were started when I said whatever name was Jessica Schmidlap committed suicide. Right. And they're all going like, oh my god. Like was a big surprise. What maybe she was a serious I guess. 1355. In fact, remember I told you it was in a couple of years ago. I had dinner with my ex classmates from high school and Canada day. Why I told you that? But right. I have dinner with my buddies dinner with Chris. That's right. And the stories that they were telling me about the, you know, all the kids that that a graduate with in 1960 for high school and this one committed suicide. And this one attempted suicide and this one died from this horrible disease. She's, you know, it's not to make you want to commit suicide or kill somebody. Or yourself. Yeah. Just a not a good idea. All this, you know, just just move on with your life. We have, I mean, I'm glad that, you know, I had dinner. I met up with my two friends and they look old like me, but they look older than me. And they probably had kids. Well, the one, I told you about the one that it was a guy in his, well, it's a long story. He woke up in the middle of the night and his wife was tipping on the computer and he went into see what was going on. She shut the thing down real quick. And then, she, she was having an affair and demanded divorce after all these years. He had had any idea anything was going on. But the lucky part was he met up with his old high school flame because he's been a died and then two of them got together again. Very sweet story. Yes, it is. Well, there you go. See not everything is like nasty and negative and quickly and so negative. For example, a Dave County jury awarded one and a half million dollars to former South Beach bartender, Patrick Timothy O'Neill, who said two urologists injured his penis while treating him for warts. O'Neill 43 filed suit in 1998 against doctors Bernard O'Neill and Vladimir, and Jacob Cohen, along with South Beach urological associates. Letterman surgically removed three papaloma on April 18, 1996, afterward on the ill-sensitive of often infection and received treatments through the following month. On each and every visit to defendants to shirt on the other was nothing wrong with his penis and then he was obsessing over nothing says the complaint, filed by attorney David H. Gold. People keep telling me the same thing. O'Neill ended up with a disabled in case of coronavirus disease. Among other things the suit says, Paronies disease began as a localized inflammation and can develop into a hardened scar, according to website correspondence by the NIH. In severe cases, the hardened plaque reduces flexibility, causing pain and forcing the penis to bend or arc during erection. Gold says O'Neill suffered constant pain, ale pain, caused curvature and an a traffic light condition that caused a deep increase in size. O'Neill has undergoing treatments for the past 10 years including anesthesions, injections into the penis, and spinal epidural space. He added negligence and care. He has to use lidocain every day on his penis school, said he must also take the pain killer percussive before and after sex. It hurts, it burns. Day circuit judge Gerald Hubbard presented it over the five day trial. The sixth year is 4 men to women liberated for more than an hour Monday. They awarded O'Neill a million dollars for past pain and suffering. 490 grand for future pain and suffering in 10,000 for past medical suspense. They found that a 90% at fault colon got hit for just 10%. The jury said by the verdict that they believed in him, they believed in injury. They recognized them to still what he's been going through for 10 and a half years, saying attorneys, where do you think and constantine Dean Nickus represented actors? We do not believe the plaintiff's alleged injuries related to care were rendered by our clients, Nickus says, we're evaluating the events that took place during the trial and considering our pill of options. O'Neill and aspiring screenwriter now lives in LA. I do like that and he's got a spirit all the time. He's smeared it. 1363 votes. We're going to have 14 before you know it. Aren't you excited about that? Medium. Medium excited. And 54% said they only listen to 50% percent. That's not looking good. The 50% are my mom. You're not going to get a 1-3 or 560 here. Hey, damn. This is the Neal Roger show. 2-3 before you. 2-3 before you. 2-3 before you. 2-3 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. And you will deal it down. 4-5 so that you'll score noticelessly 10 times 15 times 1 times 20 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 100 times 1 times 10 times 30 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 15 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 20 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 times. 3-4 before you. 5-4 before you. 3-4 before. 3-4 after you. 4-7 before you. 6-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 3-8 before you. Now, have you called your signal on your vai to add or on your list. 3-4 before, you'll any problem. 3-4 before you. 3-4 before you. 4- broadcasting five. contact the store or you'll have to contact the medical staff. Yeah, I don't know. Do I need to repeat any of that? Do you have to do that? Maybe I had no comment, but they've got anything to me, but I suspect it happened. Why would it be like that? Guys, I'm not going to take any questions. I just want to make sure that what I said that you all got it, and you fully understand. I've got it. Can I 30 something to tell you about it? I'm not confirming anything. Okay, like that. Otherwise they're non-campus winners. They don't know not. You know? As usual, how is the liaison doing in Jack Ruby and all those house data case brain doing? Still missing? Mr. What? 13806 votes on a pool will have 144 shades of alandstale man. It's going to be fantastic today. See? Now the fact we start at the pool six weeks ago, that's beside the point. Right? Right. Where does the world is away? You better take some notes on this. Find gold, more rust fine gold. Now you think it's you can get elected president? Oh. Marrick was concentrated or rust fine gold said yesterday, the outcome of this November's election could determine whether he runs for president in 2008. That would be great. The only problem is you can get no chance. Can you see them right next to the soft voting for a Jew for president? They are ready to get a big note. No. Before giving a speech at the National Constitution Center yesterday, the Democrats said a discouraging outcome will be if the Republicans did lose any ground in the Senate or don't lose much ground. If they kept the house, if the analysis of the election was people really were squeamish about leaving Iraq. Find gold a vocal opponent of president Bush and the war in Iraq and a real mench said public attitudes about issues he champions including universal healthcare would help him decide if he should take the plunge. I'm near Senator Hillary Clinton widely considered the front runner for the Democratic nomination he said. She's very able and I think ready to be president. We disagree on some fundamental issues, especially this war on terrorism and Iraq. I mean what's he going to say? She's an idiot. Mark from hell on the ill beats says, oh geez, here we go. Now see, I'm going to be a plane for this for doing this poll. Or you get blamed anyway, so. Well no, I think he's a good guy. He's a broad castry, but a great guy. Well Mr. Seed, I'm very important. Well, I assume. Yeah. What a bastard you. No wonder he's not promoting his show anymore. It's not me. It's you that he hates. That's right. You're pulling another one of those modials like I said. Yeah. No he gets involved in you the more he hates you. Mark from hell on the ill beats says, hey Neil, Jared and Josh. You're going to include you in there Josh. It's your bloody mark. No. I hate to sound negative, but here it goes. He's a well. And you know, that's always a good. It's like when people would call back in the days when I was foolish enough to take phone calls. Well, you're not going to like what I have to say. Or you're going to hang up on me. Well, what? What a way that is to start a conversation, you know? Right. I'm not just a stranger and saying boy, sure is a crappy day today. I'm a what what is that? Anyway, he says, I tried the Kenny and Bosho and an aid happened for me. Sounds like Abbott and Costello light. Uh-oh. It can't interrupt the big guys punch line one more time. He might get squished like a bug. Secondly, sterling in Shannon Sharp. Absolutely refused to speak the English language. Well, we know that. And most importantly, we have our fine men and women fighting in Daniel's Seize based on probably the biggest language history. I tried watching Fahrenheit 911 again last night. I did it the same day, but Springsiden. Often might be the worst more non-grill though. The good thing is to go back to the next topic and relax, again, we never learn about theuzette I've been in the same house, now. Finally. So the last time that I had, during I was just totally 1989. But I like how it's not up to the point we're empty but we're always kinda gotten auch at one point. With my brother. If he really is in charge like this or the two huge things, at least they'd still gotta go on a Geoffolt hammer instead lined up. vary number of people who are in here. He just normally does Armn Nr. I have to like change our tune now. I don't want to get blamed again like here we have this station I've often liked him what you was that idiot at I and Z and it's data Well if you would just be more positive about our music more people listen to it Your music sucks number one number two people are kind of listening to something because I tell them it's good Okay, God Sports talk I mean is great. I think to me that's the greatest format ever invented isn't it don't you agree? It's the best thing in the world who would that's right? Who wants to hear about the game again? He's a little bit more of a good one He's my hair about over and over and over again It about these a little bit Jackson about these great coaches and should they get canned and should they do this and And did Ty do me really had that affair with a balloon to strong act? It's said when so on go to show you what a sick town. This is man That's one thing to be obsessed with a sport like hockey or whatever might be but when the front page of the newspaper's got big stories about And he don't even play anymore. He's just retired a couple of days ago. Ty do me Having an affair with building a strong act in his wife is doing them for a very messy divorce That's not a front page of the newspaper the Toronto son give me a break a God Anyway, yeah, it's just it's you know, it's the world in which we live Cocka and somebody I know would say maybe that's what you're talking about maybe he meant lots of macaca Oh, and then the best part of is he tried to say that he never heard the word before in his life. He made it up Right that that's what he tried to say that was his cop out in it Oh, I just made it up. I never heard it before. That's what he said on the east of press So if you were to make up a word that it contains a cop on in it then he probably never heard the in word before either What he just made it up monkey? I think you're pardon? What could that mean if not a monkey macaca? Yeah, yeah, God bird sounds like macaca not really isn't it? Not really is macaca monkey bird and they talk a lot just like to our jalan They said talk a lot of cramp anyway. You forget about him 13 every night. I'm sure a lot of the holders have already 13 ninety two I bet you're gonna refresh your or close on 14 13 93 look at that pouring in by the ones How much do you usually listen to QA? It's a very important survey. I'm sure that our management is glued there are the gut there knows on the screen on the monitor Only the Neil show 54.2% 756. That's that's not good I mean you know we're glad you're listening, but that's Embarrassing that would be like same-run around radio station Who would say that we did? Less than I used to 235 almost 17% well, what's that all about? Is that us there listen last two? Is it the rest of the station and of course probably a lot of that I had to do with A format that end August 28 thank God but once we get that big promotional campaign going Quite a bit listen quite a bit. Thank you 154. Thanks God. Salman one o eight. Well more than ever 68 That must be the morning show people and the people that are happy that the mad dog and Hank moved over They belong Sports talk is ponder is 39 we disagree it's my favorite format in the world and someday I might even listen to it And I hate this poll only 33 2.3% see that this is a kind of poll anything where they consider it to be like you know Steering the crap that's what I write it there bunch of crap this servers Although you could put the period in between Speaking of crap this derb is this was sharp man he better watch it. I guess three assassination 10 son him well wasn't enough The war in Iraq hasn't made the world safe safer from terror person of mousharaf is told CNN Saying he stands by his statements on the subject he makes in his new book in the line of fire in the book Mousharaf a key ally who's often portrayed as being in completely agreement with the US person George W. W. on the war on tear and others use right? He never supported the US invasion of Iraq. I stand by my statement absolutely he told CNN's the situation room with wolf blitzkree Asked whether he disagreed with bush. He said I stated whatever I had do if the War has made the world it's the war has made the world a more dangerous place. I like that He also addressed allegations that Pakistan was a less than enthusiastic recruit into the war on tear and that former US different area Seconded well we know about that that we're gonna bum into stone age even further than they already are I have written whatever I heard my insolence directed did say that mousharaf full CNN I would leave it at that he didn't contact me. He didn't say that to me Whether the shirt was made mousharaf said he agreed to cooperate in the war on tear in the interest of Pakistan in the interest of staying alive All right, he says and of course it doesn't take a genius to figure that out that the invasion of Iraq is made the world a more dangerous place to which anybody with a brain Know that he's Including the report that there released a selective four pages obviously out of about Third mission pathetic and the American media continues well. I want to think about it Be probably like that well, of course he was in a situation room with wolf blitzkree. What does that tell you? And of course it was very close to Russia's son of two so wolf was probably like doing a little davening in a bank Can between segments every time I see him now. I just I just want to vomit I just want to get on my hands and he's in puke my guts out. We just better get my flying carpet out You know, you're gonna get on your hands and he's you might as well get your major carpeta. That's right Koutube was a little staunched your rectum up in the year since to put their face on him Did they watch those carpets just that I curious that's a good question? I you know dry concepts It's kind like the that's kind like the people will be the turbines You know right, but they washed their hair like once every couple of months or they And they do and then they we wrap they do the re-all re-wrapping and kind of a wrap and a cab driver Do they engine guy 14 every 14 103 roads holy moly you see if I think our technique is gonna be to start the poll Like about six weeks to head This Fort radio five six two So it's a This is all this new How to run president is again calling for a debate with president Bush. Why house earlier? Does this suggestion? I said that I wanted to Well, I tried Sometimes I'm mangled English language and Maybe I need to learn to communicate better lock mood. I'm a z non one feet of agent That you in general assembly the later this month. I know Ramzie L. She bored the gas name was Sorry Ramzie if I got it wrong my mood on the knees on I know that make you You have a funny part of it is supposed to be making fun of him, but she's an idiot He didn't care like 85 letters of saying it right even you've become closer than that Anyway, here's another good reason not to fly to Miami not to go anywhere near there People get pissed off even on the plane a fight broke off this morning on a red eye flight bound for my main international police Be saying the American Airlines flight originating in Lima Peru landed a schedule in Miami around six this morning Police were waiting for routing past years a 56 year old man and a 20 year old man at the gate nobody was injured Thanks God wouldn't this instead the two men have been arguing throughout the flight It's unclear whether they knew each other before boarding or met on the plane, but police believe the sick of 56 year old man Slap the 20 year old man to ours in the trip The two were separated after the altercation both have been painted MIA because the flight occurred over international waters the FBI is also sticking there No, it's in the wood. I think like that. Yeah 50 six year old man slapped the 20 year old man 2000 the trip well, maybe who knows? I don't know maybe he farted real bad That means on the plane maybe came under the right Whatever 14 every 20 votes on the pool man It is just shocking before noon. We're gonna be right around 1500 people all over town I'm gonna be out on street quarters even Sean can only use a goofballs there the homeless voice people They're gonna have mega phones. They got 15 every vote already I'm Q. I am you gonna believe that that's gonna be incredible News making and news breaking forget about that T. Osuicide didn't get the job done I can you imagine if he would have committed suicide and got the job done and been dead Then why probably have to call off the whole show today and maybe for a couple of weeks that would have been tragic somehow now I think that part of it would have been good I'll know the short you know the sports experts in there to analyze it and the debated and the body and 24 hour Ulogy that's right See in the something how there's always there is always a good smoke screen no matter what it is You know Whether it's whether it's the chick from a roubo whether it's the a John Mark car routine with a fruit cake Whether it's I mean all the you know all of this stuff that goes on The the runaway bride and now T.O. tries to a best swallow the much of pills and tries to kill himself God always some craftmen to me to can just go create and then that we of course We had the alien business for a long long time We had the Diana crash there in Paris for a long time that we're talking about that. Remember that? On and on and these are diverting folks from stuff that really we ought to be concerned about Okay, who gives a flying crap about Diana when you come right down to it Said for much as silly brits who cares about Diana and what was what was his old duty? Do do do do do do that do you have a cock-a yeah? That was a duty don't start with that macoccus stuff again. Look what it did to George Allen And he's on the way out now. I don't think he's got a child in Wisconsin, India This is pretty interesting and I wonder what this is based on I'm it's marginally interesting it's sure is how more interesting than T.O. We're thinking a few pills You know when he gets the job done call us back and let us know okay when he's dead Ask or when he actor Tom Hanks is the most trusted celebrity in America according to a new survey published by business magazine Forbes Tom Hanks is the most trusted celebrity in America. Oh my god. What does that say about celebrities? You know what it says we don't trust him because if he's the most trusted big name celebrity that says a lot Hanks was made a career out of playing heroic or heartwarming characters movie searches for his dump or a Palo 13 came out on top of a list of 15 hundred celebrities ranked by press worthiness and in fact I can't wait till the whole thing is now yet. But I'll keep checking on it I'll keep Googling the or Forbes issue and I can't wait to get the whole list I might actually have to go out and buy the magazine mine television celebrity Rachel Ray came and second I don't even know who that is She just got a new show. She's a cooking kind of person with big teeth Like a Martha Stewart type, but not a while back to the future star Michael J. Fox pulled third Those are the three most trusted people in Celebrity land Tom Hanks Rachel Ray and Michael J. Fox Talks your diva over one three was number four James Earl Jones the actor prep known for supplying the voice of intergalactic villain Darth Vader and Star Wars movies was number five And the only reason he's number five is because he's got that big deep force That's the only reason he's on there right right He should be disqualified because he does those voiceovers on CNN Yes, he does well that and right off the bat they should toss his ass out talk about trusting somebody if they're on CNN Next you know, they'll be putting wolf looks great on here Right other famous names to make the top 10 include Oscar winners Denzel Washington Morgan Freeman and we swore their spoon Now let's see out of the top 10 how many black folks we got in there got Oprah James old Jones two Treat four out of 10 that's 40 percent. It's pretty good Right, that's correct pretty good So in other words there's about 10 or 20 black folks in America. We need to win good and the rest of the folks are slippers Ron Howard who is also directed Hanks and several movies including the divinci code broken to the top 10 Ron Howard why should trust him? Not he's a ginger a what a ginger Ginger red hair freckles you know You know, maybe who is Kim like you know ginger Rogers? It'll by the way have a safe trip to Toronto To get there be safe Oh boy those are the days baby. They ran nothing like whatever will never hopefully go through all of that again No information on the celebrities regarded as the least trustworthy in the poll has been released yet by for but you know by the magazine Oh look at this Satoshi can Azawa and evolutionary psychologist at the London School of Economics told Forbes Listen to case the brain of modern man could not fully grasp the concept of mass media The brain of common man could not fully grasp the concept of mass media Instead our brain assumes that we're still living in the small hunter gatherer bands We lived in more than 10,000 years ago. We said as a result We assume any realistic images of human beings that we see repeatedly are real human beings our brain doesn't understand These are actors saying roles on a drama or sitcoms and we act as if they're trusted friends in other words We don't know them from Adam from Jesus from Solomon right from what she'd cook like we don't know them and yet right away Because they're on television where the movies are both right away. They're trusted. Oh, they're celebrities They must be a wonderful people. We trust in them based on what most of our bunch of Western flandering Horing like that my right yeah, and that's why we're jealous Dan straight 14. No 1427 votes on the poll man. I'm gonna tell you if water windshield we're still here today 4-0 560 Dude, drugs back in we're back with Steve R. I want to get the crocodile hunter. I died Houston is a great story used in Texas. Hello. Hello, Steve. Hi. Did they really catch your death on film? Yes, you can get on the computer and people can actually see boy Vania the horror and the brutality Odman death Los Angeles hello good day, gentlemen. Hi, huh listen, is it too soon to hit on this is talk about her? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. She is dropped in good Windsor on cereal hello. Hi, I just want to say that I love animal. Thank you very very nice Oh, I mean I love animal did the great right I think beef reality should be legal He was here. You feel the same way. Absolutely 100%. All right. Yeah, what about you Larry? Have you ever met as you take off? Sure Lipper was an old friend of mine Larry Goodness Steve R. I'm extinct the crocodile hunter date. It's 1131 29 to Lannuna QA and we had what's his name mad dog coming up with two How soon they forget? I'm a said mow sorry mad dog 1437 votes we got a shot of 1500 by noon at that point. I think we're gonna lay down for about 20 minutes rest Yeah, on the 7th day John Stuart. Oh, let's see. You're him kipper is one I should probably take off next Monday shouldn't I? Yeah, I'll get so down. I mean the holiday is Monday. I can't be working on your him kipper can I let me take a look over there They hadn't up next week's schedule. Yeah, do they? No, I'm not gonna do that to make you work on your him kipper That would be bad would be wrong especially with their vacation coming up again versus a oh, like I said good idea John Stuart welcome Pakistan's present todayly show on Tuesday last night with a tee in a Twinkie. Do you see it? Thought you guys kept that today with a high-roach. I didn't see him. I don't see that But I know the news The spoof news president will sheriff Tate and Tate was steward on the comedy central program was even more on likelihood than the musn't Sissabated meeting between Wusharov, Tommy Karzai and Bush planned for today. I thought they already had that meeting I don't know I get confused as a gesture mirroring Pakistani hospitality Stuart welcome Musharov for the cup of Jasmine green tea and offer the more American delicacy of a Twinkie Musharov chuckle and thank the host those two are promptly changed to something. Where is this time of it? Laudon he has suddenly I don't know replied Musharov. You know where he is you lead on will follow you Musharov's appearance on the daily show, which would take late Tuesday and air to last night was the first time a sitting head of state If you're on the program though former president Bill Clinton was on last week If it aired last night that means it'll be repeated this evening around what is it eight? Yes, oh goody goody maybe I'll be back in time from woodbind to see that but I doubt it The Pakistan president who's on tour of the US appeared on the program to promote his new memoir and the line of fire The book is drawn headlines for among other things the Pakistan president's claim that after the 9 level of attacks He had no choice but to support the US that were on well We know about that bond in the Stone Age on balancing the wishes of the US in Pakistan Which is largely anti-American with sheriff told Stuart I've had all the other tight-wrap walking many times And I think it'd become quite an expert on that It looked like a bit for the will end this Stuart himself has also proven death at balancing both humor and the seriousness on the daily show at One point yes, Musharov he admitted any mention of the order racket is memoir because it's gone so well We figure up again the laugh but said it's so I've certainly to more extremism and terrorism around the world Let me read that one sentence again to share a laugh but said it has certainly led the more extremism and terrorism around the world Meaning the war in Iraq the Iraq attack To conclude the interview with Stuart putting Musharov on the seat of heat a new feature for the program in which Red lights flash around the studio and against his answer final question George is W. Bush and Osama Vinla and Beatrufel who would win a pocket of Oton Pakistan as Stuart I think they both lose miserably replied with sheriff and answer met with rockers laughter by the daily show audience rockers laughing You know that kind of kind of fake laughter is that the rockers kind yeah Like like in the are senior audience the who who the who the holding the hollering and the the phone relax That's it now you're talking now you're getting this That's bring it back alive not whatever happened to him how many jabs is he had since he left us What whatever that is serious serious still you serious? I haven't heard anything different having nothing about him and boy I've said if we're like a few minutes There were one day a few days ago stern was making the rounds again remember that right all those rumors Oh, he's gonna be back on terrestrial radio. No, he's not and then that was the end of that and everybody said well, who cares? Because serious in Xenbo you think we got serious. Wow. Oh and guess what is if we didn't already have enough competition with 85 stations in the market and up that news Starting in the fall arbitrage is gonna start including like Non-conversal stations in the ratings like NPR stuff like that okay Well, it's not okay, but just no it's not about time because then that's just we just are sure that much more don't try to stand They should only rate us that's right What percentage of the QM audiences QAM hand hundred percent all right? We'll take it right right? So I'd do it has my new rating survey 1449 I'm this pool one now. What are we gonna do? 17 I don't know who cares you're gonna come right down. Why do I do this to myself? Every side or I tell you let me do this I want you to I did lose two pounds back yesterday Pretty good 194.4 that's still less still and they're not that's over by playing weight So that'd be under one 93 even if it's only one 92.0 is pretty great, but if it's over 193 it's like and you know I'm ill and I'm not my playing weight. I'm like dragging it. Do I mean? I know Thinking the unthinkable in Iran know even the journalist Ralph T. Hoel Randolph T. Hoel Hutton is smirkling Shimper it is it's fairly short right to the point. I guess that I don't want to hear you We need no long-pondrous articles anymore. Okay Dumberston for Vermont. Dumberston If these were normal times the thought that President Bush would launch a word of preserves Friday's group on power would be dismissed as lunacy Unfortunately these are not normal times and the Kurodaki pin of the White House is not a rational man We know that bargain October surprise the Republican party could lose his control of Congress after they don't remember seven-tholation We also know that the GOP's political strategy is all about fear and endless war So the possibility that the Bush administration will launch an attack on Iran's nuclear research facilities in late October Suddenly doesn't seem that far fetched The Bush administration has painted Iran as a grave threat to national security because of its nuclear ambition Then it's a fort of international terrorism as was the case in Iraq The Bush administration believes that the threat posed by Iran is so grave They can't wait around for the U.S. or Congress to give approval for a primitive attack the signs don't look good Time magazine reported last week that a prepared an employer order PTDO was given by the Navy to the crews of an ages class cruiser Two minesweepers and two mine hunting ships that were told to be ready to shove off on October 1 You ready to shove off? Oh, yeah, right now See the nation also reported last week that the Eisenhower strike group based in Northrop Virginia also received a PTDO The strike group is led by nuclear aircraft carrier Eisenhower and includes a cruiser destroyer frigate Summarine escorts supply ship and a copious amount of cruise missiles frigate Both recorded naval intelligence sources who leaked the news of their plums to depress our apparently headed the Persian Gulf and they would arrive sometime right October 21 The enterprise carrier group is also in the same region where it's involved in air strikes against the Taliban and Afghanistan It's at the end of its scheduled six month tour, but may stick around even after the Eisenhower group arrives Is this evidence of war planning according to Colonel Sam Gardner retired there for a soft as their Natural security expert it is you can't issue a PTDO and then stay ready for a very long time Me told time it's a very significant order and stop them as a training exercise Iran is still many years away from having capability of building a nuclear weapon But as a charter member of Bush's access of evil, it's been in the cross here as a the Bush administration for the past four years Since the ground invasion of Iran is off the table because of the army's ongoing promise that Iraq and Afghanistan Gardner said the plan which has been in the worst for months is a massive air and naval attack an up to 1500 targets in Iran And attack like this is certainly doable and has a high chance to success It's what comes after the bombing that's the fighting part Gardner who taught strategy at the National War colleges has been conducting a mock US Iran war game for the past five years and almost every scenario Gardner said the initial US attack spawns a variety of unpredictable responses Iran could tell has Vala which has supported for years to launch another attack on Israel to dry it into the war Iran could also stir up trouble in Iraq and Afghanistan since Iran has ties with the main factions fighting US forces in Iraq And is getting cozy with some of the warlords in Afghanistan And there's this spectrum of the oil supply disruption most of the world's oil flows through the streets of Hormuz and Iran could easily mind the shipping lanes and launch sea attacks on tanker ships Lock off that key if you went to the Persian Gulf and oil prices so with soar up Let me stay again oil prices with sort up to above a hundred bucks a barrel within days In other words Gardner said Iran would use every weapon. It's it's disposal to retaliate and the resulting chaos would also provoke more jihadist terror attacks around the world And galvanized support for terror groups like Hamas has Bala and al Qaeda the Arab world will be subtly against the US Which will become even more isolated is anti-Americanism expands around the globe So while the Bush administration even contemplate bombing Iran if the problem of law comes global chaos Why would two unfinished wars in Iraq and Afghanistan would a try for a third conflict with the country that would be more able to fight back and more different ways Then the Iraqi insurgents of the Taliban why because we're dealing with a president who's still wedded to the idea that it can attack any nation Places our constitution and international law means nothing to him the master global public opinion It means nothing to him the objections of many of the nation's military leaders mean nothing to him We're faced with thinking about the unsinkable knowing that we do not have a sober prudent leader in the White House The question is can it be stopped from plunge in the nation in a wicked catastrophe that will be even worse than Iraq or Afghanistan Now let's get to the good news. Oh, there is a 1471 post like I said we're gonna be right on the precipice of 1500 by noon Or the reporters there yet to cover this or what oh Line down a second now vegetable full screen or come veralling right through that door The biggest thing so fast tell us the basis wheel rotters for 205 60 Lonnie pop little boy. I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather It was worth was original and I was poor. I remember it like a result Really, that's the game what just would have gotten a bucket The piece of candy You're the bias Right do I don't want to play this game anymore Who's good? Let's play for the can of you the crevice Oh grandpa. I don't know what else when you put it near Yes, those games with grand boss Scarby life which is right now that I'm the grandfather I'm scouring a whole new generation with whispers original Hey Timmy say hi to wet Willie the worthless wonder. Well, no, not the wonder one Words were original giving children nightmares for over 60 years 14 till noon at five 60 WM happy Wednesday to not forget two weeks from Monday in the mid days Chris more and Joe's a ganky return with sports All right, oh speaking of sports here's the you want to get the skinny on the TO thing release with the release and Okay, sure well, I mean we are in this station. Don't you think it's important that we're gonna give all the All the dope which it do a new sound or do a news update or something like that. Oh, here we go I like awesome This is CBS Same boy and Dallas Cowboys receiver Terrell owns try to kill himself by overdosing on payment occasion even putting two more peels into his mouth After a friend intervene according to a place report Today released while ago the reports that owns was asked by rescue workers if he was attempting to harm himself at which time he said The Dallas police reports that the 32-year-old one told his friend that he was the press Police Lieutenant Rick Watson said to bring a brief news conference he could only confirm that fair-medicine Paul police They said we're taking on to the hospital. He said no more details. We've come from the police Because no laws are broken. This is a high profile person We looked into what we determined is not a criminal offense. This is a medical type of situation in the court He said and that's the end of that that's why he was getting all that out of shape there before The friend who was not identified in the report noticed that his prescription pain medication was empty and observed O1's putting two pills in his mouth and police reports said the friend attempted to pry them out with her fingers And was then told by O1's that before the incident He taken really five to 40 paim pills and about leave empty so in other words there were like 35 left in there and he like full of all What he said According to the police report Dallas foreign rescue was called regarding somewhat attempting suicide by prescription pain medication Officers arrived to try to find O1's being stabilized by ambulance workers who then took him to Baylor University Medical Center Doctors reportedly try to induce Following But I beat the group for the bob he broke the bone next to his right finger in a game where he goes Sunday and they screw to play in his bone And of play in his head and a play in his Right dome and that's it. And why do we care about him? I don't Don't care about him and I sure I'll care about Tony Snow We'll stretch you for combatting. Oh, go away already go back to Fox. Okay. Go speed your propaganda on a fox You got out of our face you jackass 1494 hosts were going over a 1500 by noon They're gonna be reported there from USA today the weekly reader the weekly standard bill crystals gonna be knocking on the door Trying to blow the join up 1494 can you believe that how much do you use for this McQM these days only in the ill show 812 54.7% that proves that we need a sports show back in midday, right? That's right about those panthers Whatever that means well, it's sports Listen, what's the nice to two hundred and forty one sixteen point two percent? We're not pleased with that And you are gonna have to dissect all that and figure out is that us they're listening to us is it to sports segments? Is it the morning show is it the Whatever it is the the marlins for you people are brutal man. They just If they if they get if they get any public money to build a stadium for that franchise It's gonna be one of the most egregious things ever done in the history because nobody cares there It would be like building a gigantic multimedia in Halavastand in the middle of a peoria, you know What's the point? Anyway, I'll listen quite a bit hundred and seventy well good and listen more listen more if you're even if he hated listen more Please sell them hundred and thirteen more than ever seventy That's the kind attitude we like more than ever they're glued to a man They're they're getting not us from it and they don't even know what that that means what you heard me all right Sports knock is hundred is forty one and I hate this full only 37 2.4% out nearly 1500. I bet you've I clicked that baby again See 1492 now we're talking now we're talking language Chris Columbus could easily understand 1492 Speaking of people like that who looks like Chris Columbus Jesse Ventura Yeah, that was that was one of the most bizarre things in history of media Remember I said we see was gonna put him on to do that talk show. He did I think one or two shows and then that was it I said oh that idea and they were right Former governor Jesse Ventura questions the official 911 story Former Minnesota governor actor and wrestling star Jesse Ventura has publicly questioned the official version of events behind I'd love to go on further than ever before in citing Operation Northwards and the Gulf of Tunken as examples of how the government has planned and carried out stays war provocations in the past Ventura has temporarily left his Bahamas of Ostirping lifestyle To lend support to the Texas governor Toro candidate Kinky Friedman at a press conference yesterday Ventura said that Republicans and Democrats were destroying our country and its political process Supporting a beard and dreadlocks the former Vietnam veteran also criticized the Iraq war Ventura first day did they had many unanswered questions about 911 the former governor has cited Operation Northwards in 1963 Joint Chiefs of Staff Plan to stage terror attacks and kill American citizens to start a war with Cuba as an example of how the S government wanted to kill its own people and blame on foreign enemies to justify going to war Ventura founded painful having due to flee served himself that elements within the government would go such barbaric and the seatful lengths to kind of its own populist in the supporting militarism Ventura then raised the issue of the Gulf of Tunken setting recently released the classified information confirming that American The ships were never attacked after the incident was manufactured to provide the entry to Vietnam more This was especially unparallable for a verentura because he joined as a navy seal on September 169 fought in Vietnam and lost many friends there Ventura asked that a few escum and were prepared to stage such a gargantuan historical event in terms of the inservant significance Elling in the war then why would they refrain from doing so again today Ventura also highlighted 911 itself and contrasting the last response of Norrad air defense to the four commercial airlineries on 911 compared with the immediate Interception of Gulf or pain stewards with her gen October 1990 then while I was important. He was a golf guy man pain Stewart Right, he was a golf guy in a well-paying Gamma's on the one a country we are Chinese too Ventura said the argument that Americans who give up liberty and exchange for security in the war and terror was horrible and the government should never be trusted He encouraged Americans to be skipped it a little of anything we got my claims and light of their past duplicity There are a bunch of crooks and liars. Jim sees Trumpson thieves he's right And sure seen visibly upset the remy to be called the American public athletic seemingly wanting to say more and was very cynical at any real investigation would take place having already witnessed the non-loven commissions Whitewash Ventura had previously heard as skepticism of the official version of events on J. Leno and Liberated on 2004 radio show but the former government went further than ever before during this interview Which would he conspiratorial minded Alex Jones 1499 man their credit not exactly poured in anymore It's closely exhausted most of the audience already, but I bet you're back quick to the game. We do it you think What's Tony Snowson they see you said you and we did 1500 Boy Tony 1500 and it's not even union. Why? Amazing isn't it? Not really we started like a quarter to yesterday. What's the biggest difference with this? Don't forget to change the pool of five o'clock. I Set myself a reminder on them because I think it's hardly unlikely then gonna have another then I'll be home before five like last Wednesday Have another one of those miracles of woodbind. That was that was a miracle on Ass I'm not on ice a miracle on ass sitting on your ass at a machine 152,000 line on the same machine baby and flew out of that place just flew out of there like my ass was shot out of a cannon I don't think that's gonna happen again not today anyway But it does just like what happened in Josh last week you go on here and say okay, I'm ready to open that bastard changes already Dammit and then what you said Josh? It's exactly what I said. Yeah, try to do my job now I'd like pacify the old fart and here it is he already He done it. Well, how do I supposed to know I'm gonna be home by five o'clock ridiculous and Iraqi hotel owner told a courtmark for yesterday that British soldiers Revealced beating him making bets of what they could knock him to the ground and laughing what he complained Off made Tah-ha Musa al-Materi said soldiers had a detention center in Banzwa subbed Iraq took turns punching him and kicking him and It's fairly a fellow subbed in prisoners. Now we're celebrating beating us it was like Christmas He said Mr. Materi said he had welcomed the British forces to Bosra with flowers because he hated Sodom who say he's regime But after being beaten continuously over 36 hour period he concluded they were no different from Sodom Me Forbidden soldiers accused of abusing Iraqi prisoners and three officers charged with failing to make sure that he'd Tami's We're not ill treated one of these Tami's hotel receptionist Bahamusa died after being allegedly being at the detention center in September 2003 Mr. Materi is the first Iraqi civilians to give evidence He said he'd gone to the hotel and Bosra after his brother phone to say it had been rated by Sodom as money arrived It was surrounded by tanks and the hotel workers were lying on the floor of the reception area He was also ordered to lie down in the soldier began kicking him in the head Mr. Materi said he'd glance up at one point and saw the soldiers loading the hotel's money into stacks a little later He and the hotel workers were taken to a laboratory and deliberately splashed with water from the toilet bowl And then it goes down about karate blows and all the venues and stuff like that and I think he wants the flowers back when you come right down to it He wants the name flowers back and as far as bringing any candy forget about it This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q 8 I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel I'm going to the hotel Hey Justin Q 5 120      . 50 was that 1520 was WKBWM Buffalo. I believe in my right. I think so. I think 1510 was also something else. Rule of call reports that a new nickname for Senator George Allen was overheated a party recently. You're gonna love this. Senator McCockowitz. Oh boy. All right. It says it looks as though Senator Allen might be embracing his Jewish roots after all. You know, said after he finally admitted that his mother was a part Jewish or whatever in all of the world. He said, oh, but he still enjoyed making pork chops and ham sandwiched crap like that, you know. To make sure that to pacify the Graham. The Senator Longo had scheduled a field hearing of these Senate small business and enterprise and entrepreneurship committee for Monday October 2, which is young kipper. Last week Allen moved the day to October 3 to avoid conflict with a high holiday, a quarter of the interest group involved in the hearing. He's Jewish and Monday is young kipper is playing Brian State, spokesman for the National Associated Association of Women Business Owners completely matter a fact we do H.O.H. Allen spokesman David Snep said the day that the hearing which will explore women only businesses vying for a federal contracts, which changed it to be questioned the association. After reading about the blockbuster revelation that Allen is technically Jewish, they've been executive director of the Women's Business Association Michelle's room contact and Allen staff to see if the Senator would prefer delaying the hearing until after the whole East day of the year for Jews. How do you like that? We ran the size of the Asian past and that Allen spokesman he said in the group wanted to change the day of this field hearing and out of the Jewish holiday. That is certainly appropriate. The Senator Allen is looking forward to the testimony of the following day on how to get more women owned businesses fairly representative federal contacts after he servaled fourth sandwiches on white bread with cheese and mayonnaise. God he is just a drooling, you know something he I hate to say it. But he's what America is all about. Sure. Digoted nasty and they were reminded drooling Yahoo Red Mac that's George Allen that's America unfortunately I hate to say that because I know this like about 50 people in the country aren't like that or maybe not 50 maybe. People weren't in that category. Fifteen hundred and sixteen votes man they are pouring in here. Have you realized that it's almost October? Yeah. In six weeks from my yesterday's election day and that will have that big election something will happen you know something will happen something or something something either you know this way or that way left or right or in between and then what? Then what? Nothing. That's right. That's exactly right. I'm not talking people out of voting course I'm quite the opposite but the fact that a matter is that you know it's just which course you like the best. It's like that question about you know the John Stewart asked a machero been laden or bush and he said need to thank you do buy based our our our our speaking of Osama Yamama and Halibut job but Clinton and Bush didn't give them right right. Dubai based our our via television yesterday quoted a Taliban official is saying our Cadillet or Osama Yamama is alive and good health and he liked that. Do fairy the Arabic channel said his Pakistan bureau had received a call from the unantellaband official a few days after a leaked French secret documents had said Saudi intelligence believed in laden died last month in Pakistan. The official said laden was still alive and that reports that he is ill are not true. He said Bucker I Tiani, Al Arabias Islamabad correspondent. The Taliban checked with members who are close to all kind of these reports are baseless. The laden and his deputy I'm in the time in Al Zavariya believes to be hiding in the border area between Afghanistan and Pakistan. He was last seen in a video statement air to coincide with in November 2004 US presidential elections. Report in the French regional daily East Republic and last week quoted a document from the DGSC Foreign Intelligence Service saying the Saudi Secret Services work in Vince bin Laden and died of typhoid Saudi Arabia said on Sunday it had no evidence that bin Laden was dead French Foreign Minister Philippe Duz Blaz said that as far as he knew the Saudi Bormulton was still alive and a partridge in a paratrore and does it really make a difference? Oh no but there's some heavy duty symbolism involved there baby 1520 WKBW and Buffalo Joey Reynolds a boy Stan Roberts who also is on the station Rustamoo Syracuse George Lorenz the Hound dog of the KVW was a great station once upon a time. Here's some good news I told you there was good news out there. Oh oh oh oh oh for those of you who do not wear the swastik on your forehead. A new poll on the senator of race and Pennsylvania released today by the Quinnipiac University shows challenge your Bob Casey Jr. leading in incumbent paranoid lunatic senator Rick Santor and by margin of 12 points this is an increase over a six point lead KCA last month. 4% of others in the KCA they support Green Party candidate Carl Romanelli who is now an ordered drop from the ballot because of an institution number of valid signatures on his nominating petitions 5% of voters on the side. Senator Rick Santor was come back moment and has been stopped dead in the water. San Torms attack ants against Casey failed us far voter support and 50% of voters say the senator does not deserve re-election say play riches and a sting or release with the poll and obtained by raw story and a few that's finished whatever you do don't need a raw donated period but especially don't need a raw and a spinach either. While Santor Romanjo is the support of over three quarters Republican 77% is the poll and son of a popular former governor has the support of 85% of Democrats. 17% of voters said they still might change their mind before the elections. The majority of Casey supporters 55% tend to vote for him mainly because he's running against Santoram. He could be running against you see what I'm saying? Right. In other words it could be a chicken running against Santoram and it's still vote for him because it wouldn't be Santoram. Nice going. I'll give Pennsylvania voters good choice if that's fashes passed your father at lunatic. Just look at him and you know if that's a crazy person. Yeah that's right. A maniac, a fetus hugger and embryo liquor. Yeah I guess I guess we're supposed to care about this. This is another one of those stories I left out about Anna Cole. I mean the story about her son was tragic you know about her having a baby does anybody really care about that. You care about Anna Cole having a baby? No. Although you know that he was the father. That's right. Howard Caster and that he was not born. He can friends with our friend Howard and attorney representing former playboy playmate and reality TV star and in Cole Smith in the US. He is the father of her daughter born earlier this month in the Bahamas. Howard Caster and as that he plans to marry Nicole maybe Nicole Brown. Think? Spossel. I know she would resist. Anna and I have been in a relationship. We love each other and spend going on for a very long time and because my relationship has a lawyer we felt it was best to keep everything hidden Howard Caster and Cole Cyanins the working life. Stearn said he and Smith are confident he is the father and based on them on the timing of when the baby was born or maybe is no doubt either of our minds. No doubt he's probably doing them too. Entertainment reporter photographer Larry Burkett also claims to be the father of the girl named then then in the hope. I did like that. In the statement Burkett said Smith told him he is the child's father and that he's got proof in his pants. He said he accompanied Smith the doctor's appointment to tell a minor disagreement to replace while she was pregnant. He also suggested DNA test we conducted German is like a soap opera to determine the child's fraternity. He also made similar comments to entertainment tonight. And response to Burkett. Stearn said I think first you have to look at what his motors are. If he honestly believed he was the father based on when or the baby was born he should have handled it appropriately. Handled to the proper channels not to be in through the media. Burkett also was sent a slew of emails to Smith Stearn said calling it just completely inappropriate. Anna's had problems with people going to the media in the past about her and for that reason. Those people around her including myself as some confidentiality clauses that we won't go to the media about her. I'm just very shocked at how he's handled his uno de the circumstances. Asked whether Smith and Burkett had had a relationship Stearn said she's never considered him or boyfriend. He wouldn't come to what the she was in him with Burkett. That means he's in the entertainment. The world. In out. Stearn said he and Smith planned to marry at some point right now we have to somehow get through what we're going through. He said the cause of Daniel Smith's death still hasn't been determined. Fox psychology tends to be negative except for less of Peru and N. D. D. Peru. But said there may have been other prescription medication in the system. How come O. J. didn't take old bunch of pills? Would that have been great? Oh yeah. What was that a poor T. O. Man? He never stole a freight train. Never called it. But it didn't know. Oh, J. On the other hand, let's send him a whole bunch of pills. The shutdown is throat. He's a crap. Oh, you can't say that. Q. A. M. Love's O. J. How could we forget? Mm hmm. I won't. Ha ha ha. Something you could never ever forget in the many years. You better write that down. Put that in the book. What's that? The O. J. Go. I'll be there. I don't want to we live it. I don't want to think about it. I want to smell it. I don't want to know from it. God. But your lying devious game playing, Josh sniffing goofy idiots. What about Greg and Square Anne and Sam? 1530, baby. See now we're moving up the AM dial and as we get further. I don't know any stations. Maybe W. K. Y. And Kentucky somewhere. Where's that? Frankfort, Washington, Louisville, Louisville. They haven't heard W. K. Y. No. See if you ever went ahead the the enjoyment of living up north and night time. Listen, all those 50,000. What's the channels before you were born? Well, I did live the University of Kentucky basketball, the Wildcast. That was on WC. K. Y. 15. Something. In fact, you know what? I'm going to even up against the thing here. WC. K. Y. I'm googling it. Ready? Ready. 13. 60. That's the old K. T's frequency. WC. K. Y. 13. Well, that's only 160 megahertz away from 15. 20 or 30 whatever one. 13. 60. You can not be with the feather run it. Now, do you ever re-evolved it on Bay Road over there by on the beach? I have been. Sure. See they will pay T tower sitting there? I guess. Right. I don't even know the building one. It can go. Hey, look, there's that old. There's that K. T tower. May. There's the CAD. There it is. There's you call a CAD. There's that. There's that. I'm going to picture a Frank CAD sometime in the eyes. There's still moving around. The biggest name. So the best to the bird. That's the old Roger. The old one. You know, 560. You. K. Y. Not that you have to fuck. Now, even satitish and emerald. This is looking good. Can you smell that? Yeah. I want to chase this. Very delicious. I usually don't like salads, but this is great. Nice flavor. Okay. I'm not feeling good. Oh boy. Hey, that's spinach. Why is it all in the air? I can't see it. Good to be in. Cool. I can't see it. Boy, you. I wish you could smell it in the air. Which reminds me it's another bit on the same Hispanic antifotus. Have you listen to it? Of course. I do all the cross the room with us water here. Oh. Let me see it again. Panic antifotus didn't listen that bit. No? No. Okay. Well, I mean, listen to it, but don't plan. All right. Another one has unbelievable loud fart sounds that are also things associated with fart. I said, in other words, when you smell whatever. I don't want to get to crack. That's it. 1218 at 560 WKM. I got Mr. Kaka. I come up. I wonder if he's related to President McCockowitz. I can't stop saying that now during the break. I keep repeating President McCockowitz. He's got all the bases covered, man. The Bush administration is blocked release of a report that's just global warming is contributing to the frequency and strength of hurricanes. The journal Nature reports. The possibility of the warming conditions may cause storms to become stronger. It generated debate among climate and weather experts, especially in the wake of the hurricane Katrina disaster. In the new case, Nature said whether experts at the National Oceanic and MS, the administration, Noah, part of the Commerce Department of Federal Assembly set up a seven-member panel of hurricane census report on the views of agency scientists about global warming and hurricanes. According to Nature, a draft of the statement said that warming may be having an effect. It may wonder before as expected that the release panel chairs, ants, lead, lead ma, A. N. T. S. ants, as an ants in your pants, lead ma. Receive the neemail from Commerce officials saying the report needed to be made less technical than was not to be released Nature reported. Lead ma had of Noah's geophysical fluid dynamics lab in New Jersey, didn't meet spot a call seeking combat. Noah spoke from Jordan St. John said he had noted tells of the report and Noah's not related to the ground Saint John. And no administrator, Conrad Lottonbocker, who was currently out of the country, Nature quoted him as saying that he report was merely an internal document, could not be released because the agency couldn't take an official position on the issue. However, the journal said its online report that the study was merely a discussion of the current state of hurricane science and did not contain any policy or physician statements. The possibility of global warming affecting hurricanes is politically sensitive because the administration's resisted proposal to restrict release of gases that can cause warming conditions. It's bad for business and February and National Political Pointy who worked in the space agency's public relations department resigned after reportedly trying to restrict access to Jim Hanson, a National Climate Census who's been active in global warming research. They don't want to play a bunch of laws, but if you start interfering with all their plans and all their big money, you are going to make me dead. Like Kevin St. Kiffson, talking about making people dead, remember that? Yeah. Pretty bad acting there and got father 3. How come I always leave him out when we talk about bad acting? He was pretty weak too. Who? Vincent? And Igor Sia, I thought he was fine. We, okay. Fifteen hundred and forty four votes. Maybe just I just don't like him in general. You don't like him, but you used to rave about him before you decided not to like him. Why is that? I raved about any Garcia and how great he wanted? They need to do the alien thing and then you know. Oh, get out of here. Like I'm sure about I care about movie stars or celebrities because of their politics. Yes. No, I do not. Except for a release here. I can make you list. No, I agree with George Cloys politics. I think he's an evil. I can't stand him. Right. Stomach him. No, no, the other way around. What do you mean by that? No, we look at the role of six thing. Was the ethnic thing? So it all right. Because he's cute. I don't like him. About right. Yes. Of a real. No, because he did a professional Cuban thing. Oh, well, I didn't like that. Right. But how about Gloria Stephon? She was there two grandstands. He'd always ordered her before. And that's correct. At least I'm consistent. Before she ever even knew about alienito. Right. Yeah, boys. Fifteen hundred and fifty votes. We're going to have six. I think we're doing seventeen hundred today. And then we're going to be really dangerous. I don't care if we started in seven weeks ago, circus man. Seventeen ever votes on a stupid as pull on this stupid as show on this stupid as station. That is really kicking some big fat assholes style. Am I right? Yeah, ancient style. Speaking of alien. I was looking at some of the polls we did back then. I just I can't. Why? No, because I was looking for the numbers of votes. I don't care about the you think I care about the issue anymore. No. Come on. Well, I talk about getting ancient history of that. Boy, you're looking back at. Uh, although I said, well, I wonder if the fishermen still in the closet. New York City, I spend on restaurant trans fats three years after the city bands smoking and restaurants. Health officials are talking about probing something they say is almost as bad. Artificial trans fatty acids in there. Absolutely correct. Trans fats are killers, baby. Don't eat them unless they're ice cream, which is really good. There actually there's a little bit of a, you know, something I thought out there's like a little trans fats in What the hell was it? Trans fats? No, no. I was looking at the say at trans America. There you go. You still haven't seen that heavy. You think you have, but you haven't seen it. That's all part of it. Which part? Middle. No. Before after the operation. Before. The city health department unveiled a proposal in New York Tuesday. It would bark cooks at any of the city certain 24,600 food service establishments for musing ingredients that contain the artery clogging substance, commonly listed on food labels as partially hydrogenated oil. Oh, god. Artificial trans fats are funded some shortening, margarine and fringewales, and turn up the food from pie crust to French fries to donuts. Mama's a little baby loves shortening, no? Remember that? Salt and bread. Right. But really. You got it? I like it. You don't have that kid out of here. If you have that. On what? On an Edison cylinder or something? What do you talk about? Mama's little baby loves shortening. Anyway, doctors agree that trans fats are unhealthy and nearly any amount, including in at hog and nas ice cream. There's a little bit in there. But a spokesman for the restaurant industry said he was stunned to sit with seat to ban a legal ingredient found in meetings of American kitchens. Labeling is one thing, but when they totally ban a product, it goes well beyond what we think is proven in, et cetera, said Chuck Hunt. That was how he had established it. Therefore, you're good. Executive Vice President of the city's chapter of the New York State restaurant association that was sent by Chuck Hunt. He said the proposal could create havoc. Cooks would be forced to discard old recipes and scrutinize every ingredient in their pantry. A restaurant could face a fine if an inspector finds the wrong type of vegetable shortening on itself, even though Mama does love shortening bread. The proposal was also created a huge problem for national chains among the fast foods that would need to get an over-hour face up ban in New York. McDonald's French fries, even though you like them like crazy, Kentucky fried chicken, which would piss off the great Amade Khan and several varieties of Dunkin donuts. No comment. Health Commissioner Thomas Frieden and I at the time would be a challenge for restaurants, but said that trans fats can easily be replaced with substitute oils that taste the same or better and far less unhealthy, like maybe Canola oil or Olioliva. Keep fine. Put on the mein. The thing is a rye. Okay ! A similar ban on trans fats in restaurant foods have been proposed in Chicago still out of consideration, although it's been refueled by some as unnecessary government meddling. State of our fries, baby. Keep your finger out of our fries you best out of those you, you food Nazis. The latest version of the Chicago Planned would apply one of the companies with annual revenues a more than $20 million, a prohibited name exclusively at fast food giants. A few companies moved to eliminate trans fats on their own when they's announced an audience that switched to a new cooking world that contains no trans fatty acids, always like when these unsilled foods and like-taved Thomas even though he's in the ground. A crisp on ourselves assorting that contains zero trans fats, I bet you'd definitely be glad to hear about that. He's a big crisp on man. And Friedroley removed trans fats from its derivatives and cheetos, craft took trans fats out of Oreos and spread of the fact that George hates craft like poison. Yes. Probably got forced by too much mac and cheeses a child. I like mac and cheeses. No. How about mac and on cheeses? How about mac and on cheeses? The Thomas began using a trans fat cooking free, cook more in Denmark after that country banned artificial trans fats and processed foods. And he has to do so in the USA. Now the Brazil could do it. They just haven't got enough pressure yet. And this goes idiots like you are busy eating, sucking up that trans fat. It's going to oil glob your arteries, baby. Your CRP is going to be 8 million. That's soon enough. Your CRP is going to be 8 million. That's soon enough. Your CRP is going to be 8 million. That's soon enough. Your CRP is going to be 8 million. Your CRP is using for a fat-al-slide like me. My arteries are as clean as a whistle. How is that possible? And what's called good genes? It's called blind luck. Good genes. 156-3 votes on the poll. Call up by Joel and tell him about it. He'll be surprised. He's name is so best. How do I know this? He's just mustn't make your rock. We'll have the word in video 560-USU-A-M. Oh, what? Oh, I'm a theorem. I'm a digital monkey. We're all monkeys now. I'm a monkey. You're a monkey. I'm a digital monkey. We're all monkeys now. Swing in free. Do 3. We're scream at squad tension. No, this squad's not bad. That's the best one. We're all wild. How much share of my genes? I'm a human. Hey, man. Hey, man. How old were they? They weren't in the world. They call sweet. They don't know how old. Don't brush our teeth. Don't come. We don't even wear clothes. We don't make your queen. We wear harassment. We're six-point-all. I'm a computer monkey. She's a monkey. We're all monkeys now. We're all wild. We're all wild. We're all wild. We're just no two-drops. We don't do it. We're just no two-drops. We don't do it. We're just no two-drops. We're mad. And we'll lay down scratch our butts. And watch it while we're mad. Oh, the Bible will be your obnoxious. The monkey is a monkey. We're all monkeys now. We won and one-up be at Dog the Cat-Op or Sour-Cow. We're smelly. And we like it. And we've heard that things you said. Don't come. We're 15 feet tall. My dog will be on your head. Oh, I'm a kid. We should go to the monkey. We're all monkeys now. And you're a monkey. We're all monkeys now. We're just no two-drops. We're just no two-drops. We're just no two-drops. We're just no two-drops. No one is not so good. We're just no two-drops. We're all wild. Don't you know what? It's been something that, if you see that, it's been something to me. So I'm surprised that I'm a cockowit. That's a good idea. I'm having good? Send that to suggestion long. And just as that was ending up, yes, it was picture was on my TV screen. I'm seeing it. Time to mleez it. Coordinated. That is really bad. I don't think so. Fifteen hundred and seventy-most on the Pope. We're going to have sixty-and-hundred by one. We're going to have seven hand rid by two. We're going to have eighty-five million. Oh, man. Maybe out of ten's of pull before we finish you guys. Oh man, maybe out of change it pulled before are we finished again? When did we got that? I don't want to do a change in the way. That's right. If anyone had to worry about all that pressure, you know, that attitude pressure and assignments to do like, oh gee for that, like it would make a difference. Okay. I can do it for my phone. There you go. So even this is for fun. If the pole gets on there fine and if not like, you know, who cares? Who gives a crap? Lou Dobbs, you're very favorite. Sure. Right? Keep religion out of politics. Always like Lou. You know, even when that big man had to go Lou, he says we're about 40 days away from November's critically important midterm elections and the campaign volume is rising. That's what President McCockowitz is hearing. Oh man, the political strategies just campaign managers and the partisans have also been working overtime to recite their conservative liberal Republican Democratic bases trying to get at least 50% of us who've registered to vote to actually go to the polls. As an election year's past, they're going to have a lot of help. And not just from Pax Labor unions and 527 groups like move on and progress for America. Oh no, we're going to be treated as something akin to as closest we should expect to get to, divine intervention. Evangelical Christians, Jews, Catholics, Muslims and Mormons are already getting rowdy, not only on the respective pulphids, but in the mail on the air and certainly on the campaign trails. Now I know what you're thinking that this is America. What is religion doing in politics? And what is politics doing in religion? As it turns out, just about everything. And politically correct orthodoxy would prefer you and I not take notice. The first amendment of our constitution to clear is that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. But the devil's and the details, if you will, and the often demonized IRS has taken up the issue where other federal agencies and branches of government have feared to tread. This summer, the IRS set on the letter warning to more than 15,000 churches and taxes have done profit organizations throughout the nation. The warning letters meant to serve notice that any sort of policy could endanger their tax exempt status. The IRS discovered an disturbing amount of intervention by religious groups in the National Politics in 2004 and determined nearly 5,000 churches and charities violated laws against political activities. And there are now 40 active investigations in the politics of various churches. The mixture of religion and politics is on public display throughout the country. The Mormon Church ruled out the red carpet for Mexican President Vicente Fox embraces illegal immigrants in the state of Utah and help the Prime Minister in Cumbercongris, a man, Congressman Chris Cannon would get out of Ocampaign. And that's something we got through like almost half the article, be fair, much illegal aliens. Apparently, nobody in the federal government is too concerned that the Catholic Church has repeatedly lobbied on behalf of millions of illegal aliens and their supporters for wholesale and the see-and-open borders. Until the Supreme Court ordered him to, the head of the L.A. Arts Dicees, Cardinal Roger Mahoney, didn't think he should cooperate with a law when it came to developing information on priest and the federal government. And he believes it entirely correct to encourage his parishioners to civil disobedience in the case of legislation that secures our borders and punishes those who crossed illegally. The Cardinal Discivows the rule of the people in opposition to court law. Ironically, he's now spearheading a draft to register a million new voters by 2008 where he holds fine them only heaven knows. Great song by the grassroots heaven knows. The rule that you don't have to play. Okay. I won't dare mention anything about a song because then before you know what like, you know, Mama's eating shortbread and stuff like that. The rule of the people in the world of politics and religion in this country has never deserved more attention and murdered. And murdered more intense examination than now. Religion is dominant in life's most American says Lou, the latest Gallup pull reveals that nearly two-thirds of us are members of a church or synagogue in about a third of us attend church or synagogue at least once a week. Oh yeah. Survey shows many as 250 million Americans are Christians and 70 million of us describe ourselves as evangelicals. Clearly, Christian Americans could dominate our political system and many argue that the outcome of the 2004 presidential election was determined by Catholic voters who shunned Catholic candidates Senator John Kerry and bolstered board again president George W. Bush 52 to 47 percent alleged. What is the constitutional inappropriate role of religion or political lives? Reverend very lint of Americans united for separation of church and state says there are definite limits. What houses of worship cannot do under federal laws to endorse or oppose candidates for public office. They may not use their resources to intervene in a particular race. House is a worship cannot become cugs and anyone's political machine. But isn't that exactly what's happening today? Lou asks some churches non-profits have become extensions of both democratic and public political message machines at their local and national level. The intrusive religion to our political lives in my opinion should be rejected and the same fashion that we constitutionally guarantee government will lie that interfere with religion. The issue is far too important to be elected to the sole judgment of the IRS and it's time for all of us to examine closely both in our communities and in our Congress just what separation of church and state really means to us and the nation says far vision Lou does. How do you like that? And he only mentioned those daily glalian sphere four times. But the regular Lou, I like to just sign it. The veners. Of course you have to take a good shot of a centae fox too. Right. He's certainly so he's of course he's gone anyway. They got the new bovis elected president there. Yeah. Talk about talk about a career. A country where corruption is a king and queen and prince in princess. Meiko. Just ask dog to bounty hunter or think or two about that. Oh yeah. So I was dog doing. How's he doing? What? I don't know. He gives a good out of jail car get or why. We hear a little bit about that and then we hear more about it. Right. All of a sudden. So I'm not up to date. Oh, I mean, her mind. Well, Google maybe you're not. I don't want to hear about him. He's on 80 every five minutes. 1580 baby 1580 on the end. And that about where that fan used to be was at 50. That was 1980. Wasn't it? That's going to be 2560. Hey, you want to know man. They had really important sports people on it. Like silly Jim Barry. You're fairie and more testies destroyer. Everybody. You know what this reminds me of. Every little kid wants to be a sportscaster. You know, like nine out of ten at one point in their life. I want to be a sport. You know, every kid who's in his sports wants to be a sports announcer. Okay. And then they grew up and then that he's got a lot of money. And they want to have a sports station. They want to have a still want to be a sports mode. We're like Greg Reed. You know, sports big shot and make the big deals that we live in dealing with a franchisees and then throw away millions of dollars. Somebody else's money. Man, it is just it's. Say it is what it is. Hey, but I like it a lot. Don't you? I know George is the same more more these days. He finds it very entertaining. What's your about the game, man? The game, the fight, the tournament, the poker tournament, the Majon challenge, the shuffleboard attorney, the play. Twenty-fifth. One. A few. I'm sure that the Mad Dogger will be talking about the sunrise like shuffleboard tournaments coming up tonight. First round. See more McCockowitz. I hear his leading last count. President McCockowitz. Oh, man. It is so sweet. It is so sweet to see the light. The big spot light in this sky. Sean, I'm bigoted and there reminded Drilling Yahoo's like Georgia Allen. You know, his father was a crazy person. He was the coach of the Washington Redskins. You know, for 100 years. I did not. Where Josh was born. And he was so intense that I mean, they used to talk about what a lunatic was. That's all he knew was football. And I'm the sideline before every play he would like. Look his thumb. That's the one thing I remember about Georgia Allen. Is he would look his thumb. You know what that means? No. I don't know. I don't know idea. But maybe we want to do a study on it. No. Nineteen, don't want a QA. I haven't been telling you about dry concept for 20 years because I've used it in my home for that long. In fact, over 21 years, they've been doing a spectacular job. Making my carpets in a variety of homes. Let's just like I had brand new laid right on the floor. And don't forget, even worse than your sink, your carpets are a collector of germs and schmutz. Just because you can't see the dirt and mold in your carpet. Doesn't mean it's not in there. Trust me when I tell you. It's in there. In South Florida, we tend to go long periods of time without opening the windows, which really breeds even worse, more unhealthy conditions. More reason to drive than your carpets on a regular basis. And don't forget, your carpets will stay clean the longer because they last longer as well. On the other way around, it comes out softer. The colors come out looking brighter in your house, both on the fresh to top of all of them. Dry concepts is even better plan to make frequent cleaning. Easy to fraction of the cost of regular cleaning. And as far as cost is concerned, don't forget that they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their unbeatable job. I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else an either should you. In Broward called dry concepts at 9.5.4. 37.0.778. That's 9.5.4. 37.0.778. And later Palm Beach, column toll free. 1.800.248.5.71. That's 1.800.248.5.71. Be sure to tell me that old Neo4D to call dry concepts. The biggest name of this year is the real rotchers for Shredio 560. At the morning, you'll get... I'll show you. I'm going to blow it all out. You're not going to blow it out. I'm going to blow you out. You are going to blow things up. That was a parody of 24. Was that a good parody, Mr. Franken? Yes, it was just like a joke. I'd like to thank all involved. You can plainly see why. Aramaica is doing so well. Thank you Mr. Franken. Any chance we can start getting paid? The last person to ask me that was Catherine Lampfer. Your lucky to be in my presence at all. And I might add that if you want to keep your intern job worshipping my greatness. And don't it wave or not to me if you ever see me on a plane? That would be Franken on a plane shop. You're well Franken? Yes, I'm sorry. Well, I'm old. How would it be? And you are fired to do the cutbacks. Now, scram, geez, head to the top. Top, top, top, top. Alright, let's get down to business here. To get more for the Democratic Party. That's the order or Eugene L'Oroge. Give me a call ahead. Let's get this not work out on the ground. What would I have to tell you? I'm Catherine Lampfer. What's the noise? I'm Catherine Lampfer. You can't break me. You're a good lawyer. Ah! I've had that tough. Doesn't make any sense. No. No, there you were. What ended like a national comedy bit? Oh, you may like when they... Yeah, like that. I've seen one thing. There's your making some big eros. I don't think it's a scammer. Oh, yeah. The world of fire. Although we never did a hearing more about there. 85th of bankruptcy firing. That was pretty good last two weeks. First half that I'm Friday. I think I'm going to chop it off about a quarter to two and the pull-tips. Oh, okay. The chop off my pull right on the ear. Oh. Speaking of a lot of Lou Dombs is writing about here. We go with more of this man. If our business in there crazy, all the get-tries. Berlin of all places man. What a great city. A leading upper house called off a production of Mozart's Edo Minio. The feature is the severed head of prophet Muhammad setting off a furious debate Tuesday over Islam, freedom of speech and the role of art. Edo Minio. He's going to sell Minio. The fear is the latest in Europe over religious sensitivities following cartoons of the prophet First published in the Danish newspaper and of course the recent remarks about the Nazi Pope. Christian harms director Berlin's Deutsche Opera, announced with great regret. That you decided to cancel the three-year production after state security officials weren't. It could promote dangerous reactions and they currently politically charged climate. You don't want to get those ragheads of salmon. They get wild. It gets just a very sensitive. The director is premier in 2003. They production by Hans Nuhin fills. The revised credit system over a scene in which King Edo Minio presents the severed heads. Not only of the Greek god of the sea Poseidon, but also of Muhammad, Jesus and Buddha. Oh no. At least you could rub the Buddha head though anyway, right? With a belly for good luck. The severed heads are in addition by director Nuhin fells to the 225 year old opera, which was last performed by the company in March 2004. The company's definitive decision which he described is weighing artistic freedom and freedom of a theater against the question of security for people's lives. But the move immediately provokes strong reactions across Germany. Outrage politicians call it a decision to pull a production crazy and a fatal sign of came into a streamism. Response from Germany's Islamic community was mixed with some praising of the decision. Others calling on Muslims through a set of rule of provocation in art. The leader of Germany's Islamic Council welcomed the move saying that the picture of Muhammad would have severed head with certainly offend Muslims. But what if they stuck it on his shoulders and said, well we know Muhammad had a good head on his wealth. But an interview with German radio, Ali Kazik and somebody, and I think it's horrible, I want to have to be afraid. That's not the right way to open dialogue. The leader of Germans, Turkish from the East, said it was time Muslims accepted freedom of expression in art. Turkish from the East and Turkish to the East, I keep thinking about Turkish tofu. Let me think about it too. Don't know. I like it. I haven't had any years. Pull all your teeth out. Or at least you're filling. Hmm. You don't like Turkish tofu. I've had a little time. I've had a laughing tapy. Not bigger part. It's probably the same crap. No. Turkish tofu is in bars. Not gay bars either. But like bars. What's your talking about a laughing piece like a raffle with little plastic sitting like little pieces? I'm in bars all the time, buddy. Yeah, I know you are. You're not even a tapy in there. No. I have a line I could use on that, but I better not. So, 164 votes on a poll baby. We could still do 17 and tuition. Of course speaking of tuition, that's what the poll is. The next poll is say it's a real say we're a pre-saving old one. But I'm not a little worried till we put it up. I don't want to read more in-down do I? That would be like a comic pinko stuff. Another Clinton seduction marine rights. She says at least you're a fall ball didn't say hello to a smell of sulfur. But he did say that if she runs for president she'll be devily-bend jellacles and fire them up to vote Republican with a dark force exceeding even Lucifer. I suppose in Senator Clinton's shrill right wing critics usually portray her as a witch being promoted to devil can count as a feminist triumph. And she's in good bipartisan company with a president who is also cast as a devil by a world-class nut bar. Hillary is morphing from workhorse back to shore horse, paving the way for her historic presidential race with a series of big policy speeches and she's taking on the other dynasty more energetically. I'm certain that if my husband and his security team had been shown a classified report titled been law and determined to attack inside the US he would have taken it more seriously that history suggested was taken by our current president as national security team. She crisply told reporters on Capitol LL yesterday with a real huzzi. 40 years after feminism, Bradley Burst IV, theme-a-leaders are struggling to figure out how to blend sexuality and strength in a way that won't backfire. Consider he will have packed with the progressive Silicon Valley company. Carl E. Fierreen was part of chairman's chief executive after a stereotypically alpha male reign while Patricia Dunlaster job is chairman after she used what some critics call stereotypical mean girl sub-defeat despite her male board members instead of confronting them directly over leaks. Hillary is also trying to permit that searching for the key that would allow her to break into the ultimate Mahagini panel men's club at 1600 pen. She'll try to get back to the West Wing based on on what she's done in the set it but on how she's done it. She's been like a silent film star, lacking a voice in this chilling time when the Bush administration has photoshopped the constitution portrayed critics as traders and spurred terrorism when they misconceived and mismanaged war in Iraq. Explaining why she hadn't taken any unpopular stance in champion no big idea is Hillary answered Joshua Greenmore like Diva then devil in the upcoming cover story for Atlantic Monthly. Everything I do carries political risk because nobody gets the scrutiny I get you said it's not like I have any margin for error, plot, so ever. She has transformed her method from bulldozing alpha in the White House, and she has a high handed unilateral and insensitive on healthcare to coalition building gamma in Congress. Now the woman who hated being first called for a slay the terms with the most tanker chief dropping feminine wiles and strategy from fetching copper for senior male scenic colleagues to stepping in the background so that pre- female peacocks can allow haggle live shot. As one of her male leads, Greg the Mr. Green, it's so effective because the men who try to win peach or husband don't expect the former first lady of the US asked if you want two lumps to sugar. Fetching coffee I think is too much of a Michael Morris of the Columbia Business School but any good politician is a good flirt. Bill Clinton seduced every woman and every man he met. Lot of Hillary had recently co-crowed to me about the surprising number of her male colleagues who have crushes on her and the Reverend Falwell may have Mr. Bonding with conservative lawmakers of Hill Fair breakfasts. As Mr. Green writes, Hillary and Sam Brown back worked together on legislation after the Kansas Conservative gave testimony to a prayer breakfast that he realized it was a Sunday of thraster. It may not be treating the other chief for Hillary so much as triangulating the other chief. The warrior is a staff call so is not forgotten what she learned from her consort. The Clinton's once pulled on where to go on vacation when they were in the White House, Dick Morris advised that a camping trip would play well with swing voters and on Mr. Green reports that the Clinton's moved to check-up while at least part of the response to polling data. He also writes that in 2003, the host of Mark Penquid in a 007 secret team determined whether Hillary could break or pledge to see her full Senate term and still have enough political tau-ta-way to presidential run and assertion that Mr. Penney to confirm go denied. It may not smell of sulfur but it's massive truth. A lot of sulfur in the area, you know that? Must be the Elzabub. The devil. 1614 votes on the poll. What are your great co-tanks taking over that? When it comes to polls, maybe we know how to do a little with them. Oh, he's a joke. Oh my god. Do I do you read this? It's clean. Mother Superior called all the nuns together and said that my must tell you something. We have a case of case of got a re in the combat. Thank God said an elderly nun on the back. I'm so tired of shardinating. That's huge. That's about that. It's not as funny as President McCockaw. It's going to get what is, you know? I'm a cockawate. I'm sorry. I left the Jewish part out. Mind you, over mine. So, 1614, we got mad dog here at Tukah and the most incredible thing is that the teams, the teams, man, if the marlins were just playing the Astros, wouldn't that be a grand plain sweep? That would be a little bit too coincidental, wouldn't it? Who are the marlins playing this thing? Oh, they filter it off your fillets. And are they officially out now? They're officially out now. They're officially out. They're giving a healthy shot and nobody turns up. Ungrateful bastard, man. These kids put out a health and ever Joe Gerardy turned up. A tremendous manager, you may have heard what a bunch of kids in Los Perville and baseball. He's going to get the axe and the fans all tent of man ought to be ashamed of themselves. You know what self-study? Self-study is a big jack strap. A big huge gigantic. Well, it's got two stations to support, man. Plus, Donnie's call peppers. By the way, check your email during this break. Well, I have something good. I don't know, you tell me. Well, in that case, I have to say, The biggest thing is so fast to tell us if this is real Rogers sports video 560. Okay, and we got this guy around. And when I'm up in Boca, take this lap and all the way, and we'll take that, let's run the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one or two of us. Yeah, I mean, I don't think that any other Rogers parent balanced one or two hours. You softly accuse me of giving a conference to Ben Laden because of what happened this morning. No one knew how kind of existing to be in. If you're on any yellow plane button, captain, Osama is so far away from 10. Chat, just a bit of a bit of a joke. And if you're on a date as slow as a whole, that's where you go and play content. Absolutely. Absolutely. Oh my God. Richard Clark and all the intel that people said that I ordered a bigger assistant to get men Laden. And came close for a parent with anybody has since. All right. And the you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is create Richard Clark's findings and you know it's not true. It's just not true. Just not true, baby. 102 and it's just not true. So I saw that picture of Moe speaking to you and what about it? No, that could current current events. That's where he's at. That says that what we know that he's doing the weekend, baby. On a weekend on a 50 has no audience. But help pull him in over there. Believe you me, especially with a new look. It looks like a real intellectual, and he looks like a gangster. And like to get a little bit taller. And 16 every 29 votes on a pool. I think we get to some here. I'm kind of not an solution. I'm switching the month or more. Oh, he's still be a little bit. I'll pop. That will happen outside of the outside of Owen's Dallas home. So Joe, I imagine not sure if you were at the press conference. But I'm sure you heard now. According to police last night at about 8 p.m. They showed up at his home. But they're saying there's no criminal investigation. Yeah, we already been through that. Okay, what tell anyone from him anyway? And I'm not a big fan of his and he is a jackass many ways. But they's a ball player. Okay, what do they want from him, Josh? I don't know. What do you want from him? I don't want to damn saying. I don't understand why he's depressed. He's got millions. Right. You know. He played. I think he's a high-trick-stead of whoever he wants. Right. So what's the problem? Well, maybe something doesn't meet the eye, you know? Maybe. Oh, my God. With Horace season hearing. Well, it's going to be a problem. Three hundred tons of manure a day. You know what they say? A ton of a manure a day keeps something away. Keeps anybody away. Ask most Horace owners where their manure goes. They'll admit they don't know. But George Campostas, I wonder if his name is really compost. For the past seven years, the owner of a locksmith hatchy based talling company has dumped the Horace mess at legal sites. But now things are different. When a county shutdown last done said in April for violations, Campost began dropping off manure to tree farms. Nursery's in a homeowner's who use it for compost. See? Campost? Great compost. Right. Now Horace season in the 300 tons of manure day that come with it is just around the corner. Oh, yeah. I thought it was something. There's all this manure coming this season and nowhere to take it. He said there's no official dump site. It's a big problem. The manure problem is vexing the village hollers and equestrians and it threatens the Wellington's premiere Horace shows. This week, a group of consultants will sift through seven proposals. I was afraid that we're going to sift through something else. The way this thing was going. They will sift through seven proposals submitted to the village for long-term solutions ranging from a simple central dumping site to a $35 million manure fuel power plant. Wow. I hear worse like magic. But a structure in the answer is still up in the ear and August about to inquestion. Lines announced it was making a deal with U.S. sugarcorp to dump the manure and its fallow fields. I have no idea what that is. What's a fallow field? I don't know. Or a fallow field? That's it. Like whatever. It's not fertile. I don't know what it is. The opposite of one. The fallow field doesn't have a real sense. I see an unreliable sterile. That's it. That deal is still in the worst but manure hollers say they must grab an hour to the company's clues and feels it will cost too much. Even if they are fallow and they kind of shallow. Stadium jumping, the company that puts on the shows must submit a manure plan to the state environmental regulators by John July 31st or risk finds it up to 10 grand a day. Well I think the edible pose is something on Joel Feinberg because when it comes to dispensing manure. Well I think I've got an interval a few years ago when rainfall caused phosphorus a plan between to reach from manure and into canal flowing into the Everglades. The phosphorus encouraged the growth of invasive cat tails which choke out native Everglades vegetation. Invasive cat tails. So the village got tough creating regulations that how manure could be stored in the county. So when the county shut down last compost the last composting site last spring after it's caused time to 30 feet. But third man. Well if in haulers ran out of places to legally dispose of the manure, the village is solicited for proposals but they probably won't come before the council for months. Time is of the essence though. In November thousands of questions will bring their horses to the village adding pressure or stadium jumping is deadline next summer with state environmental regulators. The spokesman from the first meeting group which represents stadium jumping set a company is considering buying manure compactors and having the dropings shipped out when in doubt shipped that smith out. Terrify you say that. One of the proposals is to build a six million dollar manure burning power plant that could power about 300 homes. My smell a little bit bad but oh man what power? That's what I was on an eye about manure. I think it's perfect for us. Sure. That's a slogan that's happening. We know our craft. Our catchabee are still going out in front. Let's say, Carol Owens, we're about Carol. We don't want to do it more about that. Do we have enough about him now? There are a lot of pills. He's still alive. They made him puke his guts out and that's it. Oh so speaking of Nancy disgrace. The mother and prime suspect in the disappearance of a two year old voice at her parental shortcomings led to her suicide according to her letter released by investigators yesterday. The main reason I'm doing this is because even after my baby is found, I would not be a good mother with two jobs in full time school. Twenty-one-year-old Melinda Duck had wrote in the No. Dressed to her grandparents. A short-and-note also released yesterday was addressed to her parents as to not about they're trying to understand her. Okay. Police said Duck had killed herself with a shotgun at her grandparents home September. Well I just, I don't know. Well as opposed to how T.O. did it, there's a girl that met to do it. Yeah. But would it, would it, would it, would it, shotgun? Yeah. At her grandparents home September 8th, nearly two weeks after she reported her son threatened with stats from his bedroom. She had been under intense media pressure including with CNN's headline news as Nancy disgrace who questioned and believed in the restory and was pounding on the table. Why did you do it? Tits from National News Covered on Grace and Show at America's most wanted to set off searches of nearby areas and in the old calendar for her paternal of No. Sign of the Boy. A suicide-not-release candidate was addressed to the public saying she entered her life after facing ridicule and criticism. I think Nancy put her over the edge. I don't care what anybody says. I actually don't really care if I'm just saying that because I hate Nancy like poison, would I take face? Tuck had said that Boy was all I was breathing for and she was misunderstood. This is a last-minute idea, but I felt myself sinking after one week, the one week Mark of Trent being gone, she said. Duck and told police she went to check on Trent in his bedroom August 27 and found an empty crib and a 10-inch cut in the window screen above it. So I bet you John Mark card on it. A 30-0, they're focused on duck and after finding some of Trent's toy photos in the sonogram photo in a trash bin in her apartment complex today after he was reported missing. The baby for duck and child is associated with graced. Grace and her guest criticized the mother for refusing to close her wear-boss before Trent and his superior. Come on, friend. Grace will be say two-centen statement two day through a spokeswoman saying, Ms. Duck, it's no-stunot change which should be everyone's top priority. Helping find Trent and Duck and bring him home safe and sound if that's still possible. That's our show's focus now as it's been from day one of the sad and painful case. And we intended of course, friend. That's what she said, you know Nancy? Lovely Nancy. Hey Nancy. Duck it. Too late. Friday until Nancy the duck and she's the duck through late. What a shame. 1637. Aren't you sad that we're going to get to 17 and we're going to have to find a switch to pull. To back pull for one. Well, listen, if at least if I do what I know it's going to get done. That was great. I have no doubts that come, you know, five, six whenever the mood struck you. You look at your wrist. Oh, gee, I better, you know. I've no doubt about that. What I thought I said to the calendar on my phone. Did you really? Yeah. No forget about it. All right. I'll take care of it now. Soon. Very soon. A new line field survey of the sky has made its first major discovery. Two planets orbiting far distant stars. Oh my God. The super-wasp project uses camera lenses and super sensitive detectors to monitor stars for tiny different light that might be tri-a-passing planet. Is this exciting or why? The UK led project identified a number of suspects and then had to be dated to a French Observatory for checking. It used an instrument to analyze the light from the stars in detail and confirm the presence of the planets. To get to these two, we had a survey about one point, one million stars, and then go through several stages of photoring. It's like a bit of panning for gold for Professor Andrew Kodger-Camman from the University of San Andrews told BBC News. They two extra solar planets now known as WASP-1B and WASP-2B are in the constellations of Andromeda and Delphineus, but to be or not to be. That's what President Macacoit wants to know. What is about a thousand light years from Earth? The other is about half that distance. There were astronomers called octupators. I thought that was that thing in Wellington called hot Schmidt. Very large planets like the gas giants in our own solar system, but orbiting much closer to their own parents stars. While our Jupiter whilst this must be from the BBC, it is whilst our Jupiter's almost set her million kilometers from the sun and takes some 20 years to complete an orbit, these planets are just a few kilometers from their stars, take over a couple of days to complete an orbit. This makes them extremely hot. Not as hot as James Franco, but close. Indeed scientists think that it would be 200 solar planets detected the date. These may be among the hottest of the lot. WASP-1B's temperatures estimated to be over 1800 reselcius that's over 3300 resperanheit. Wow. Even even the western enjoys back going with that hot. Incredible. Incredible. That's bad. So Pluto's out. We got a wasp or a coming in. That's because the new president's going to be named Macacoit. He's going to let all the wasp to him. 1644. I'm just keep mine. As soon as we get to about 17 or I'm switching to pool. I. That okay. Have you information? Well, we don't want to set the bar to where I keep telling you that. You set the bar to high. Danny DeVito can't get a drink. Better keep topping yourself. Yeah. Right. That's how the British did. Coming to staff for one at five, 60 WCM is the time to took the stress and worry and source out of last minute hurricane preparation. Every time the big storms come in or a whole bunch of people get to tell what air and caught with their windows and shutters down. The hurricane shut about limit manufacturers easy to use according to the insurers and believe me you ought to call them. And now they provide us for installation if you like to. Call 9-5-4-237-7083. You get on your way to top mat protection. The hurricane shut around. Let us know in the comments below. The hurricane shut around. They're all in charge of the hurricane and the hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut your specifications ready for pickup or delivery right to the. And like I said, the leave it installed for you too. The public and all contractors welcome you to the public. The public and all contractors. The public and all contractors welcome you to credit cards of seven and don't forget message my name because if you tell me the deal sent you by you'll get a hundred dollars discount off a minimum order 350 square feet what's not to like. The hurricane shut around. Call 9-5-4-237-7083. That's 9-5-4-237-7083 around the web. It's hurricane shut around. The biggest name so the best talent for the business. We all rock for us. There's video 560-18M. Bye now. What do my son see? The public sheets. This has been made on the state. But my husband's on race. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next I. And the next. And the next. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm a real life, but it's a lie. I'm going to tell you now we got something for our sports guys for really stink their teeth and do baby. What do you got? What do you mean I'm talking about TO? Oh okay, I thought something like breaking a new one. Yeah. I'm the turtle piece of cherries here. It's my lunch. Anyway, close that the a pole. Okay, got the new one up there so you guys don't have to worry about it. That was pretty gentle. Everyone's in tell me. Very sweet. Here's the final result of this one. How much do you usually listen to WQ on these days? In quarry minds, why don't I know? Believe you me. We are on the antivarsites. Only listen to the Niels Show 914. 54.8%. This is just blow you away. It's pretty impressive. Wow. Last time I used to 267. That is not good. We better do something about that. Fast. Quite a bit. Sell them 147.