I'm surprised, lady didn't have a heart attack. Isn't he the one with the weak heart after you saw a shot his friend? I've just did the sight of the you, the doctor Frankenstein, or radio sports monkeys. Me? Yep. And what was the monster? There's an indeterminate loose on the rest of us. Are you the guy that invented the current's dero? You invented two gods? You invented all these evil little, and you just turned him loose on the rest of the world. Yeah. I had food, shall I? Yeah. I look what happened, look what happened with that. He's doing very well. And he could be doing a lot better if he had any brains. Are you wrong? He's doing college basketball on ESPN. He's doing baseball on ESPN. Let me say this to you again, for the would all do respect. To be the voice of the New York Mets on the radio in New York. A team that is your team that would be like my, like Joe Bowlin calling me up and saying, I've got your god forbid. I've got a terminal disease. We want you to be the play by play broadcast, or the Toronto Maple Leafs. You think I would say, I don't think so, Joe. I got to his great deal here with QAM. No, that's not why you turned it down. Why do you turn it down? He turned it down because he believed in LeBastard. No, he did it. Yeah, Josh Curtis gets real upset every time he sees that show a supernatural with those two brothers sleeping in the same room. Well, last time I checked Boog and LeBastard aren't related. He didn't turn it down to continue to work there. He turned it down because he's got a good network deal with ESPN. Where he's doing, and he's making more money there. He's doing voice of the New York. He's doing 60 network baseball games. He's a crazy them on working on television. He does postseason on radio. Leazy. I don't agree. There are guys who, uh, uh, uh, O'Brien took a network job to. Yeah, and who hears about him now. He's all, yeah, yeah, yeah. Watch ESPN. He does the main game. But let me understand it. But who hears about him who knows from him. He's just another one of these canned voices like Joe Buck. Only Joe Buck. It's a little bit of press. But who hears about Dave O'Brien? What's the difference? He sounds like his voice is coming out of A. There's any guys that sound exactly like Dave O'Brien. I don't know. I don't know. I think Dave O'Brien is in the upper edge of a baseball an answer today. A big of a pardon? He's in the upper echelon of baseball an answer today. But, uh, okay. Well, there's not a whole lot to choose from anymore. Well, so he is, he is what he is. Yeah, and I'll go along with that. Against the group that we're talking about. I got to do this for that. I take Joe Angel any day over Dave O'Brien. I like Joe. I like Joe. I like Joe Angel too. Yeah. And Dave O'Brien. We're a strong angel. He stuck into his own angels. A number two guy. I'm more and more. I'll look at the Duff. You're mixing your mixing subjects here. Exactly. To keep you off balance. That's the strategy. Don't you see? I'm sticking to my guns. By the way, even stick to your guns in that gritski story. To I thought about that later on for about 10 seconds while I was making my big comeback a wood by. Yeah. I broke even. No, it was my accident. My machine. I was coming back after losing your ass is winning. Oh, yeah. I left there felt like a 110 million. Yep. But anyway, the gritski thing you see. The comment wasn't that they bet 100,000. But it was like, see, I totally should have bet. And in other words, it was exaggerating. Obviously. But in other words, he was that confident in the outcome of the game. I don't know whether it was. Oh, let's just say. We say that all the time. Right. Exactly. Like when your horse is opening up 10, going to the line. Yeah. I said a bit. That's exactly. And that's the thing. But the point to the point of the story there from Bill Waters was that these are people both of them. I mean, obviously, husband and wife don't live in a vacuum who b- who plunged their guts out on sports. Now it's okay if we're done in the sports book. There's nothing illegal about that as long as he wasn't betting hockey. But there's a guy that lives in Phoenix and in LA. He's got a home in LA, right? So he was in one of those two places at the time. Well, I know that both locations are fairly close to Vegas. But I don't know about you. I don't know if any sports books in Phoenix or in LA. Well, there are some states where you're allowed to maintain an offshore count. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you can bet there. It's like betting with a bookmaker. Well, maybe. Maybe a jersey of count. We were talking to friends. Yeah. We were talking to, have you ever seen Rick Tokots knows? By the way, it's not illegal to bet. It's illegal to book to bet. Right. Or a range of bet. Right. But we already know that Rick Tokot was the Lionel. These bets off for all these people on the table. He was a good man. He was a good man. Right. But the aggressorian is wife. We're better. He's the assistant coach of the team. You think he was operating in a vacuum? I understand that. Yeah. I just aggravates me the way they cover up for him here. He's like a legend here and they're like obsessed in there. It's like a sickness here that need to lose piece of crap. Makes me sick. He could lick Bobby or his ass. Even without nose. Anyway, I was just thinking across the street. You got Jefferson pilot. You know, we got a few. I don't know. I don't want to file autopilot. I guess this. What do I win? autopilot. A million dollars. I'll take it. I'll take the million dollars and I can't bear the line until to cut the check. And I also tell to cut the crap. You're on autopilot. Clarence is playing junior basketball, endless again in Boston, is somewhere. We've got major issues in the he's just he's a wall. I'm going to bet 100,000 on the case. And I taking 10 points. I'm going to bet 10 million on the tough becoming program director again in your little underling Clarence's sleeping with the fishes. I'll take that. I'm going to have to call a brick talk and see if he knows any. Doc does the office become a sales model. Maybe Clarence could just go duck hunting with Dick Cheney. That's an idea. Maybe that's where he is now. Well, one of his good name Clarence's busy being U.M. Flunky. I think he ought to be the PD at VUM. I think we have perfect position for him. Although that's a series. He was a several perfect position for him. That's another story. I thought that was the beast. What's that? He's a grown-up. So, you know, everybody likes to be snowing out of his nemesis. So, he's got to go to the other side. Yeah. The attack director is just he's he's problem. He's he's trouble. If I could tell you the story, if I maybe George will tell you the story, it has to do with one of our accounts that I'm a cow. He's a can't go in one year. I've had grief like he wouldn't believe. And this is a time director. But it would put about and you know, always pass the buck and tell make up stories. You got to do this for me. You got to do this for me. I know. I know. And I know. I know. You to do this for me. But are you somebody else that I thought, It says I don't know what You also teach me in a way or inspire me in this way? There's nothing from now on. And no good comment. Correct. Correct. There's nothing from�atic easier to talk about. about. Yeah, in a hallway, passing ships in the night, says to George, oh, tell me, I said hi. I have one word for you, Greg. Goodbye. Bye. Bye. So that high was worth about how many thousands. That was his day of consoling. He said hi to you. Oh, I asked you what you're saying. Yeah, we're, yeah, he's getting paid by the high. Yeah. Right. Can I do nice present? Who was duck hunting with his girlfriend and his booze? Few beers and a few broads, man. So you notice he goes on fox network to do it. I got a column about that. Yeah. I'm going on their uh, critters land Chinese interview choice. Jack Capretty on CNN, who's the only human being on CNN, the only guy really like on there. He said it was a little bit like Bonnie interviewing Clyde, sinking a safe haven at fox. Amen. Nice going, Jack. That's what you want to see in the industry. She's survived the rest of that place needs to be taken out. Except for our good friends who didn't candy on it. He's a sweetheart. Yeah, I like her. Yeah, she's other local person who made good. Right. So what's going on? We did it a. Speaking of local people who make good. What's going on with me today is something I like pretend that I have my brains unscrabble. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to tell you something. Seriously, remember what I told you, the faces change and I just had a little chat with Joe Bell about 20 minutes ago, 10 minutes. And the faces change, but the guy, he understands he's got a lot of stuff he inherited. He's not going to solve it all in four weeks, but it would be nice to start solving some of the things that have to do with us. You know, it's like maybe one would be good for starters. You know what? It's more responsive. You tell him something and he gets it done. Really? Yes. Well, maybe for you. Do you know by the way that they actually could heat up the studio if they wanted to? Really. For three years, I've been told that we don't have any heat here. I mentioned it to him yesterday. I guess what? Not how come we have in our studio. Somebody actually showed up yesterday to fix it after I've been begging. One other three years. Uh-huh. So guess what? The engineers finally got off their butt to do something. Yeah. Because Joe Bell made sure they did. I love Joe Bell. Huh? The guy's great. He actually cares and he wants to do things that are right and do things the right way. It's well, I hope you're right. I think it'll change. I have a lot of confidence in him. He's inheriting it. It's like, it's like, like I just talk about the Humpty Dumpty and broken egg. Yeah. The egg is broken into a million pieces. It's like being president after Bush. Yeah. Who's going to clean up the man's who would want to be? How do we get out of a rack? It's big job. How do we come down all these crazy schmotha heads? But this guy's okay, I think. We'll see. Time will go. Yeah, of course. I'm okay. I've been up in the dump. Yeah, but at least another day. I'm going to give me another day. Yeah, that's good. You put it perfectly. Okay. You put another day. All right. Any pressure Joe, we're going to give you another day. One hour is going to have you killed a teen. We're going to get OJ in there without machete and just 24 hours sure to get it fixed. Well, this this other situation was not. I'll have to ask you about it. Yeah, I asked you or tell you. Okay. In fact, as soon as he tells you your hittle spinnerbar like a cradle and heat, as soon as he tells you what it is, you'll know. There are my exercises that especially we always have to do a favor for this one and a favor for that one. Well, yeah, it's just I'm tired of favors for people like that wouldn't give me the time. I know what you don't want. He's got an advertiser out there that he wanted me to do some kind of deal for. Yeah, that I'm supposed to go out and say and tell the world that I don't want to go to do it. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. Yeah. Same as you. It may be the same one for all. Yeah, but this is an evil person man and evil person who will tell any story, any lie fabricated, any kind of be as to stuff a couple of bucks in his pocket. Yep. He's got his little boiler room going on back there. That's that's the thing. When his business itself made, your comes in. I don't know what kind of her piece he's got, but it's going to fly straight up in a year. Skin. Always a skin had good. I good. Maybe you can borrow Moe's of a muskrat. Maybe you can borrow that Luis Miguel muskrat that's sitting back there. I heard that thing is still crawling around here. Yeah, that's what I heard. Do I? I'm sorry that I chased him out of town. Do you hear that guy a few days ago? That was a classic call some old code. And another thing, I don't know. I sounded just like, yeah, it was not a figure. Another thing. Yeah. And you did this and you did that. And like I said, he chased himself out like he has air-free other places ever worked. Moll. And that's the one. How do we get into that? How did you leave? I did not bring him up today. You sure as hell did I was talking about Wayne Breckin. You started with Moe again. I'm so glad you have more of the z-s with it. No, Moe. You have Moe, I just, I think that's a good line. No, across the street, it's Jefferson pilot and on this side of the street, QAM is autopilot. I like that. That's correct. Yes. Moll. What do you clearance, man? I got news where I bad, better not see him again. Well, once he got, unless the cane's plan to rot or you're probably not. I might have to do a dictinion. Spread a few pellets around. I'm going to say, spray something in his face, but who would I would know the difference? Hey, clearance, you idiot. You're fair. We got it. Yeah, he was supposed to follow through and take care of all this stuff and I get an email from him. For 25 yesterday, I'm at Woodbind on my blackberry. Again, the email, well, what was the problem you were having? And I thought to myself, you, in Bustill, man, you were just pathetic, a child. We could, if I could resurrect my little miniature pinched tiny, he'd make even a more effective p-d and clearance, zero. But again, like I said, he's one of your monsters that you wind up at. It's, it's fun. You wind him up and you turn loose on the human race. Like, Stoo Gats. You invented Stoo Gats. I did. Well, hey, regrets. I've had a few. You're probably, you're probably losing a big bet someday and it'll be all because of that. Just, just, just in your mind, do a little linkage there. Just remember I told you. I mean, I'm going to get the karma turned around, huh? They are. See, very start working on it. You better repent, find a Lord. I am repenting on something's going, but we'll be wanting. Well, listen, have a great day. I don't know whether I'm on or planet or your reign is sent in a word of hell. I am, but I think I'll see you George. Yeah, go with the right. I guarantee you that I know the same day. I would bet, uh, I would bet Todd Rex life on it. I'll bet you $100,000. Say goodbye. Goodbye. Oh, yeah. And even money. Okay. We're done. Yep. No, that's a word. Even less CEO Rogers. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how to handle that, but of course. And I totally want to hear it. Less than up in the perfect way. You want that way and we'll surround the west-worldly web at school daily. And then we'll see that right here. I got one in sight. Oh, yeah. Time is flying by. And I have no idea what to plan on. I'm not joking about that. Anyway, we got guilty of to the segment. I'm mad dog at four. That's guilty in the two to full for mold revolving dough. I'm mad dog at four. Hurricane warm up at six thirty and then it's Clarence and Joseph Gackie. Oh my god. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. Okay. Uh, you and basketball is Boston College of the. That's why we have no program directly. That's why we're on autopilot today. Eddie can't do the basketball game. That's our award-winning schedule here at autopilot radio. 10 16. This is Neil Roger. This is 5 16. Sales people are I told. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. Bill and his wife, Buffy, were sitting in church. Bill sleeping, Buffy knitting. The priest asked who created the earth and man. A Buffy poked Bill with her knitting needle and Bill screams God. The priest looked at him and said that's right. Any ask who is God's son? One smore Buffy poked her husband Bill with her needle. He screamed Jesus again. The priest said correct. Finally the priest asked what did he say to Adam when she didn't want any more children? Well Buffy poked her husband Bill again, but this time he screamed Poked me with that thing one more time and I'm going to rip it off. The priest said that's right. Paul Harvey. Good day. Hi one past ten and five. Do you have a little conversation with Hank for about 10 seconds? Yeah. He also thought my dance in person was really hysterical. I did the Todd Direct Dance. Oh I see. That was at the same issue where was it something different? Well he had a different issue with I see. Very similar kind of you know. I see. By the boot, by the boot. Right. Exactly. Well that's Todd Direct's middle name. By the boot, by the boot. Of course you find clearance. You know it's passing the blame and down a road of goes and of course it's kind of difficult to deal with any of these issues when there's nobody in there and when you keep sending emails and they keep where getting the said back to you. Now well why does that happen? I'm having issues of my own with my email clients. So I don't know. No, I'm not. No it's not. I just would take it or case it's not. I didn't put it. I don't know. I got a I don't ever give my emails not delivered other than this particular case. You know, it's not. It's about to bounce back right from by the mail or Damon right. Is that what happened to yours? No, mine just it's like I never even existed. But I think something something's going on wrong with my settings over here. I see. 22 after 10 here at autopilot radio. Let's take a look at the pull results from yesterday. What is what over like halvai in Manhattan? I'll say that 18 number 90 votes. Pretty impressive. If you ask me, the gays thing is so called straight guy can do. Kiss another guy. 263. Thank you for a little tongue in there. And it goes up to about 4,000. Naked for turning his in 277 like running naked on a beat of the body is just the greatest thing that I got. Could ever experience in life. Make no mistake about it. Take his word for it. We're a song at the beach. Especially we're a song while you're running a you know on the beat with your buddies. Thing is 221. We're short shorts 102. Real short like up to your navel. Guys with navel or come piercing of the navel's all the time 92. Hold a small dog while driving a little dog. 74. Especially like a puddle. Well, I tell you I'm being a dog lover, but I don't like puddles at all. No, I don't either. I don't I don't I don't like pools. I don't like people who have puddles. Are you just something about the whole thing? It's great. They don't shoot. No, I don't know how it's like. People that have a prop. It's not like having a pet. It's like a prop. You know there's a difference between a pet and a prop. Yeah. A prop drives a plane and you know. We're a fanty pack or a bag bag 71. Tassweter around you next 70. Listen to Neil Rogers. Gay 69. Oh look at that number. Get a manicure or a pet if you're like him a bow camp or 67. You're all like it. You got an issue with him. Take it up with him. Yeah, he'll beat the stott idea from a distance. Watch bear ass mounting 62. I like your hair 56 shaving your body hair 38. Both Democrat 38 asslapping 33. We're a thumb ring 31. That's what some people say. Use body wash 29. Watching figure skating 28 guys will like cats 28 guys will like musicals 28 Express it a musical cats talking their eyebrows 21 watching soap operas and wearing pink shirts 20 right a scooter of F4teen Guys will like McColle Colkan 13 Go into Michael Jackson concert 13. I bet you that the guy with the eyes probably actually call it Colkan. I'll ask them next. I'll probably talk about now Go into the gym 10 where green on Thursday 10. I did you notice whether Josh is wearing any green today What color those stripes is wearing a white shirt with some stripes? Oh, I am not Then all the stripes there blue their black blue black and blue. We're in gray So I can't I kind of feel a little black and blue today too. Where ladies watch 10 wear colored contact lenses. That should say tinted But again color. I don't think that the dark folks wear Tinted contact lenses doing sure what not they do yeah Even any I've seen it. Oh, me know Yeah, no guys you wear a tinder That sounds awfully a girl's mostly no, well, that's even story. You mean real girls We're bracelet six right a 10 well owners in different kind of girl girls Then there's girls. Yeah, right attend to my five buying carpet or CDs only two and crying in a movie two I'm very impressed by those lines too. Well, what a self-confidence bunch of them guys we got out there only two of them would feel bad about crying in a movie Or buying a carpet or a thing. Okay, what a regular and state dry. Come on. I think admitting to buying carpet or CD That's another category, but just doing it. How about I getting to end when you're talking about like in a brown paper Rapper like hustler magazine. There for those days Yeah, you go into like a what it was magazine store that was doors in the back section that have a table I and play girl and hustler and whatever and they would give it to you in a plain brown rapper Is it matter of fact? I remember subscribing to the advocate A gay for years as I have and they use and I don't I don't think they do that anymore, but what's the pot of time when it was not fashionable to be out? Yeah, they would deliver that to your mailbox in a very Non-descript world that's that rapper come to the opaque plastic. Oh, yeah Let's say talk about a Josh niverts says 431 p. Yeah, oh, this is from I and I will read your facts is okay I see it's a good thing to look at the head or before you about the sending me the well I said it I put a disclaimer at the bottom of it. I didn't get there far as soon as I saw the eyeline at top I said no that was it bull crap anyway, bye-bye eyeline Yes, I'm crap knocking a mad dog. We don't knock mad dog. I'm gonna show he's lonely in the hanker They have people we like any decay and tear and Curtis or I say clearance sorry Yes, you broke for it. Curtis. I know you love it. Curtis Stevenson The best cartoon character for all time we better do the break because when we get back that'll take us till noon I guess for we need to list I'm only a reader maybe twice it's just too long So we the top book geters for I agree with the what's in the top there that the 734 votes for the best you do Huh, I don't yeah, I voted for that man. Oh, well, he's doing pretty good. I mean And he's in the pack. I was very torn between the three that are in the lead really really well Yeah, of course see I don't view any of the ones I grew up with if I don't view self-parkers a cartoon It's a TV cartoon, but right I don't know I think they cast right now It's kind of like a different category but nevertheless we serve love self-park and Cartman or Oops somebody would say cartman to them. I don't know but I'm gonna talk about her when we come back This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 Come and listen to the story about a girl named Steve who started out aware and Mickey Mouse E Rear New my tomb Mr. Britney Spears never should have gone and tried to pierce the babies here town of better get the kid or else he won't survive or they can rent pill millies and don't know how to drive play by my now don't look back and ask me I realize I'm a little bit slow and a little bit stupid but this big chanie is shooting a bird thing on our website how does that thing work oh you just you wait for the quail to come up and then you press the shoot button click on the above picture the big chanie quail hunt okay yeah let me try it I'm trying to do it I don't have any success with this it says the shoot button will be right where the start button is below then click the start button and be sure your aim is true it says wait till you see the quail fly from the bushes and then click shoot to make chanie take a shot and it's hard and looks okay okay wait wait wait wait wait wait wait for the quail to come flying out there's any quail do you see the quail yet first I'm clicking on the picture already did that all right well on the other way ahead of you and the chanie is down there with it all right I'm holding oh there yeah I got to work okay over that all right I'm doing it again oh damn it how did you do it you you mind just say shoot did you see the quail refresh so did you refresh hold the mouse over the yeah well I'm doing it I'm I'm poised I'm ready oh geez you'll see a quail fly out there I'm doing it I'm refrushing it okay I refreshed it I got my mouse on the shoe button I'm waiting for to go I don't have time to shoot okay score and shoot okay oh now the other thing comes up to where is it okay start oh I got a girl now I can't get the quail I can't get the bird on mine oh you don't get the you don't get the hit the quail if you hit shoot you get it'll take you back to the other speed I think you were for it okay there's something to keep me guys off the streets okay little a little with the bite and put them beep oh I got the other hunter guy all right the best cartoon character of all time is we have 771 votes today we got a good shot in a thousand again I would think by 1130 bugs bunny 147 okay Homer Simpson 89 Cartman from South Park 85 which you know again if you consider I guess they are I guess they're cartoon characters right right but the moment only third which you think they do better it's for me but I do believe that's okay why the coyote in the road runner 51 time in jury 34 oh come on time in jury yeah get out right here bevison uh but head 34 Rocky and bullwind 33 one time in jury 34 Rocky and bullwind go 31 see there we go back again right I don't know why take the polls because I was gonna agitated with the outcome and then you know Superman 28 Batman 26 Mickey Mouse 21 what about mighty mouse anybody remember mighty my I do sure oh he's on he I watched mighty mouse he's on here Charlie Brown and Snoopy 19 I guess mighty mouse was Mickey with a cape with a cape on Charlie Brown 16 square bob 15 Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble 15 I guess you couldn't separate him can't like those two brothers on supernatural oh yeah this is something the same with Wilma and what's your name what was the other one Betty? Teddy Scooby-Doo 13 11 for a random stimpy underdog and daffy duck that daffy duck with crack you speed racer 10 more sped enough and Natasha what is it Natasha what? Fatal of a tall nine because my thing just skipped on me Snoopy eight mighty mouse 7 pop i7 Donald buck six when that's pretty weak for old Donald mr McGoo six maybe they liked Donald better if we play just a little bit of that fit that we certainly can't play what just a little teeny tiny little bit of what you're doing okay good that's what we're here for make you feel good oh I think that's on the new disc go here be that I don't hear I don't hear about it was six I don't want to know button I want to hear about it finished the can't see what he would pick her five that's pretty weak for what he would pick her I think he'd do better now I guess I'd say that was Walter Lance I wonder if he was in my class yeah yo he very in booboo five top cat five Betty boob five Darria I have no idea who that is so MTV show it's uh it's kind of rye but it's all right four for Darria I have no clue and I don't want to know 20 until that's your four Dick Tracy four only four people like Dick Bobby Hill from King of the Hills tree fan Albert tree Bart and Lisa Simpson three well I see okay Craig Meyer from family guy two porkey pig two Jo from school house rock two gumby two oh this is gonna go on forever oh I just want to make sure they know the ones we got on here the Potter Pokerals two never heard of him Joe Policot two and be cap wonder woman one time terrific one Georgia to jungle one we need a poo one Arthur one pickle and jekyll one I like pickle and jekyll a lot and we're they like were magnified right yes and Joe and I'm playing the beginning of that again if that doesn't sound like the Olympics team until it gets to a Georgia to jungle I gotta get oh get it back heckle on jekyll one angel of Angelica pickles one none for Peter from family guy album the chip monk oh come on for little alvin here comes right that you just the first uh that's it that's it space ghost and Josie and a pussy fans Gerald Mcboy and boy Pikachu and Captain Marvel have none Captain Marvel has none what is raw with you people shall say I'm are you crazy or what good god aren't you shocked uh separate data thing you know some of us grow up with Captain Marvel other people just I understand that but a people remember Batman and and Woody Woodpecker or a lot of these goes but well I guess we would at least still make in those cartoons the Captain Marvel or the Woody Woodpecker Woody Woodpecker no Walter Lansing been dead a long time yes he has I see you know that story though oh my god are you ready for this an armed robbery at a family dollar store in Detroit and then in the big national international news on CNN and oh my god somebody needs to blow up that CNN building with tanya make sure a Susan candy audience had careful to get out first and make sure Rick Sanchez is still inside in fact then that this in fact he can be the only one inside we'll pay for that him and Clarence remember I speak of the dictanian what a liar he is about everything so why should I surprise anybody remember what he was telling us about the insurgency was in its waning days he said it's waning as I thought he opened the window look at the waiting zone yeah well yes I swear it's waning dead man a few large groups using sophisticated communications increasingly have come to dominate a rax insurgency appropriately says today said Iraqi insurgency more confident and coordinated and that's the headline report from the international crisis group a non-governmental organization that tries to solve conflicts notably insurgency no longer is a scattered erratic chaotic phenomenon groups are now well organized produce regular publications react rapidly to political developments and appear surprisingly centralizedly port said and all thanks to the bushmeister and chanie well i always have a meocon rama spelled and wolf a wits and merchant pearl and lie in rolin colon and mushrum cloud counterleaser it noted the insurgency predominantly soony air movement is more confident better organized coordinated and information savvy that has survived even strive despite being vastly outnumbered now gun suggests limitations of the current counter-insurgency campaign to report said it adds that the insurgency merchants carries profound implications for policy makers the report in their own words reading the Iraqi insurgency used voluminous insurgency communications call from websites videos tapes leaclits and a part of the was written scripts on the side of a palm trees how do you like that we're not exciting it's been a week and that was months ago it's all over the week for they all we kicked the rags and we don't know where we hope to be cute the oil fields etc. and how can however to get a piece of this action to this is Neil Rogers what's all in this is five six eight six eight six this is Katie Corret from the today show when you see me every morning with my hair so shiny and bouncy you may wonder gee Katie how do you keep your hair so soft manageable and sexy my secret clararals new Olympic pigeon poo shampoo every morning I drop a 45 dollar of pigeon poop on top of my head you're so excited and we're so if you've watched over pay ego statistical talking has an intelligent just like me and wanted to look as beautiful as we are while your first step is to put a nice big glob of pigeon poo right here in your hair see it see how it's kicked up in the park and now running right down my scalp take a look America I'll bet you're feeling more beautiful already join me is Clare all's new Olympic pigeon poo shampoo just part of our new lot of samples also featuring Larry Bird Poo shampoo for men and Big Bird Poo shampoo for kids 1046 a Q and Black Katie Corretch is she a town or why she just sends me oh she is short there you go well it's because you like her flip so I put heatcliff on my favorite cartoon kidcats is what a white clip yeah wow okay we're going to be a talker if you just keep walking nice clip you're okay don't let your group be an ass unless he feels like it 560 I'm not going to be this thing about dignity to full-bling yesterday I don't want to go see what she got to say huh I mean I'd like to be at a rifle's there from an ass do I have a lot of people he's already with it with some women not their wife or John Nichols writes tania bureau two and a gun in the nation and we also got the Matia gold in the LA times critics lamb chanies interview choice I still I love that line by Jack Capretty on CNN the interview with a little bit like Bonnie interviewing Clyde. Fred Healman Fox news interviewing your shoot him up by president Fred Healman card carrying goo stopping Nancy if there ever was one anyway John Nichols says Vice President Dick Cheney was fourth leave here at the university because his pension for late night beard-winking exceeded his devotional studies I can relate to that and who's one of the small number of Americans who can count two drum driving bus on his driving record may have been doing more than hunting quail on the day shot Texas lawyer in the face you know that's interesting both the president and the vice president got this drunk driving maybe that explains what's going on in the world today good excuse sure can't run arm strong the wealthy real public lobbyist who's a member of the politically connected family that owns the ranch where Cheney blasted his hunting partner acknowledged to a reporter from SMBC that alcohol may have been served in a picnic which was served Saturday afternoon at the dood ranch where Cheney shot Perry Whittingson. According to an MSNBC report that appeared briefly Tuesday on the network's website arm strong pedal to line that she didn't believe that alcohol played a part in shooting accident but she admitted there may be a bearer to in there but remember not everyone the party was shooting there may be a bearer to in there and where the where the oh the MSNBC story which appeared only briefly before the website was scrub for reasons not yet explained has been kept alive by the able web investigators at raw story.com another progressive blogs and so it should be as the prospect that alcohol may have been involved in the Texas to take the story to whole new direction by any reasonable measure arm strongs attempts to downplay the presence of a bearer to raises more questions than it answers by an incident involving a vice president who liked your WWE Bush was a heavy drinker in his youth but who unlike Bush never swore off the bottle he never got off the sauce as with her over-detop efforts to blame Washington the victim for getting in the way of Tini's bird shot blast arm strongs line on liquor smells a little more like an attempt to cover for the vice president in full disclosure this is where the hunting accident incident becomes a serious matter the role played by the secret service and preventing questioning of Cheney on the evening of the shooting becomes new takes on new significance if Tini wasn't any way impaired at the time of the shooting it was certainly the vice president's advantage to put the official investigation off until next morning. Tini may be able to say unacrificly that he was not an impaired in an impaired condition when he shot winning him but he does now need to start speaking to this precise issue and to all the other questions that have been raised they know it's not enough of the vice president take a few softballs on fox news the administration's house network as the White House crisis management team arranged from the do it to a clock yesterday afternoon. When legitimate questions arise regarding the role of the Secret Service might have played an undermining the investigation of a shooting in order to protect the vice president from embarrassment and possible legal charges those issues have to be addressed fully and completely and they must be addressed in a setting where reporters are able to press the notoriously KG Tini to actually answer all the questions that are asked. Off until now the whole hunting accident and controversy has been little more than a diversion for more serious matters involving Tini not least among these the investigation into what the vice president authorized to release a classified information as part of a scheme to discredit critics and administrations rush to war but if Tini uses Secret Service to unit to prevent a necessary and proper official inquiry at a time when it might have uncovered relevant information regarding his condition when he shot a man to the vice president of the uses office and a most serious manner. The prospect that such an abuse occurred requires Tini and any White House say it's a word involved in managing the story put trial over the top of this list to stop stole walling and provide a detailed explanation of their actions and the hours that followed the shooting incident. This is certainly not the only issue in which the vice president needs to come clean but it's no longer joking matter but more precisely it's no longer merely a joking matter. That's what John Nichols' explanation for all John. So you go John or you're talking to him. I just in case anybody missed his yesterday then Huffington said that old Toby bitch that he was a what do you think Frederick Murray I can't think of anybody else that comes close. No one's to wish I would say kind of a cross between John Kerry or Herman Monster and Fred McMurray with a bad piece. Anyway, Arc J. S. Gole and Huffington post wrote, Cheney's chap of Quitting 2 the real story emerges we read and I read this yesterday but it's worth repeating. The real story is already emerging if we're running to do a little digging. Cheney and Wittington went hunting with two women not their wives there was some drinking and Wittington wound up shot. Armstrong didn't see the incident but time she had Cheney refused to be questioned by the sheriff until the next morning and a born again evangelical physician has been downpicked withington's injuries since they occurred. Need to the press there law enforcement seems to kind of investigate. Before the right wing commentators how there's documentation for all these statements, let's take them one by one says RJ and addition to Cheney in Wittington the hunting party included the Catherine Armstrong who was in the car at the time of the shooting. After lots of evasive comments that they only referred to a third hunter we now know her identity, Tamil O'Willerford, the US ambassador to Switzerland who looks just like Fred McMurray. Then there was this Armstrong quote an MSNBC picked up by Firedog Late Lake later due to his scrub but preserved on the Google Cash cash. There may be a bearer to Wittington Armstrong said but remember not everyone in the party was shooting. Interestingly Armstrong's playing with words here she later said that she Armstrong hadn't had anything to drink so at least one of the other three must have been drinking and another three were shooting. So while her statement was literally clicked correct not everyone was shooting it gives a false impersonate nobody drank and shot. Then there was this item courtesy daily costs. Armstrong said she saw Cheney's security detail running toward the scene. The first thing that crossed my mind was he had a hard problem she told AMP. In other words she didn't see the accident. All of her statements we played with colorful sidebars about getting peppered pretty good. He gave the false impression she was an eyewitness which he absolutely was not. And what about talking David Blanchard to make such light of Wittington's injuries before the heart attack occurred Blanchard gave no indication that pellets did enter Wittington tour or torso or major organs. We now know that at least one other pellet entered his liver. One end of the heart went into liver. I found an interesting quote he says after asserting that spiritual beliefs help people recover more quickly which studies have suggested maybe true. Blanchard said this in people without a body and your death experiences. These people who quite well in their disease processes he said the war wasn't quite ready for them yet it makes believers out of them like the monkey's for example. It's likely that Blanchard is also the same doctor David Blanchard is listed as vice chairperson of World Hope International A Christian Evangelical Aid Group. Blanchard certainly intended to his own beliefs and World Hope International a piece of advice done some good work. I'll be at what I'd proselytizing and proselytizing Ben. The most evangelicals in this country are ardent supporters of Bush Cheney. This makes claim that otherwise puzzling word choices doctor Blanchard made of plate-alputing thens injuries especially before the heart attack that made it more difficult to do so. So was Cheney drinking and was doing anything in inappropriate about this hunting party? We don't know and nobody's investigating. There's reason to be suspicious. We do have the suggestion that drinking was taking place. We have inconsistent season of pattern of these seven Armstrong's statements. We have a shooting injury that's far more serious than originally claimed and a sheriff to provide a national press to the poverty proclaimed of E.P. innocent of all wrongdoing. I was right to call this Cheney's Tampa Quidditch. The parallels get stronger every day. Of course, Tampa Quidditch happened almost 40 years ago and had Kennedy turned his personal life around. Cheney's action happened this weekend. There's reason to be suspicious to the vice president's behavior starting with a cover-up they're trying to spin it just as bad as a badly handled case of press relations but it could be a whole lot more than just that. That's that right? And of course all the other lies about far more important things but nevertheless, this is the kind of crap like I said to the other people get all whipped up to a frenzy about. WQA and hello. Yes sir. I guess I'm pretty poll. Yeah. I thought it's almost good. Elmer, why? How can we leave Elmer off of there? Yeah. I think that's what it was. You have it and then shoot them in the head. Amen. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. Have a good day. You too. Elmer fun. Well, who brings you a plan on that? Well, we couldn't put them all on there because that takes the fun away from me audience. What else are you right? Elmer fun. A lot of things I've done actually before. It's the place when you're 30 of those. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is 516. Jesus. Now look at that. I almost played this beer for you. Yeah. And then what happened? No, I just caught it like just at the last second. I suppose to do things I suppose to play this top there. I'm a little off my feed today. What are I looking for? Elmer fun. So I'm fine. That would. No, I was thinking more like a whistle. Hello. Oh, I was calling about the Robert you have to sail in the paper. Okay. What kind of Robert's are they? Okay. I have some lock. Yeah. I have some lock. And the body lock is in some sort of lock. Oh, wonderful. And I have a straight year. Oh, and I have two doors. What do it's worth? They're small red. Oh, okay. We have a farm The home. We like to play with the rabbits on a farm. You wouldn't have to have any like little rabbit handcuffs. Anyone? Little handcuffs. Little rabbit. Here's a yes. I never heard of them. What? Well, we use them all in hunting on the farm. We like to hunt the rabbits. And we take them and nail them to a tree about it is and then skin them alive. There. What? Hello. And now I think that's what you don't do a great job. It's for I couldn't say you're a rabbit. We have a little game we play called all rabbits must die. No sir, no sir. I wouldn't say you're a rabbit. A bird. They're $50. I like to hunt the rabbits. But I don't care you. You go out in the wild and you aren't rabbits. The pigs aren't for kids. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down and muster fleets. Now sir, I'm sorry. Then say you're a rabbit. Sometimes we even spit them through the head with a wasty water. Maybe that's what the vice president would like to do. Put them in a pin. That one goes for me hunting expeditions and I hunt them down mercilessly. Yeah, that's what they do. 11.02.5. So you see WQM? I don't think I would have made it to my 30th anniversary. So what's today today the 16th I doubted. I read like two weeks from yesterday. I'm like, I got that vacation coming up. Well, whatever. Critics line Chinese interview choice. For days the White House news score has pounded the Bush administration to many learned more about vice president. They've changed accidental shooting of a hunting companion Saturday. Chainly finally addressed the incident yesterday, but the former which he chose to do so in an exclusive interview with Fox News host Brett Hume quickly became another source of content. Fox News executives cast the scoop as a result of persistence and the growing cloud of the top rated cable news network. We've been after the vice president. Sorry. We've been after the vice president since Sunday as everyone has and our efforts paid off said John Moody. Oh, that could be the same John Moody that drives at Windsor and Hazel Park with it. I doubt it. John Moody Fox has seen your vice president for news editorial. I think you wanted to make sure we got a fair interview and a good interview. Good in a sense of thorough and British early pre-eminine journalists in Washington right now. That's what hereby I'm Geringwood's idea. And chose a fairbles and George Global. But some Democrats in competing broadcasts are charged at Cheney's sources speak only with Fox News because of a perception that cable channel sympathetic to the Republican administration. A perception, right? They call for the vice president or the news conference with the rest of the media. Now that he feels forced to talk, he wants to restrict that discussion way friendly news outlet guaranteeing no hard questions from the press corps, Senator Frank Loutenberg, Democrat and New Jersey said in the statement. I'm seeing an en comitative jack carefully called the interview a little bit like Bonnie interviewing Clyde. I mean, running away to the Fox Network talking about seeking to save Haven. The interview came after days of sniping between the White House news corps and White House press secretary Scott McPhone over why news of Donning accident was released earlier in the national media supporters of Cheney called it a non-issue that was only a ventricious to the media itself. Although Fox News is known for its outscoping conservative commentators, never officials reject the idea that partisanship creeps into its cover. Well, we try to do is not shut out any points of view movie set. Cheney wouldn't have come to bread him if he wanted to softball interview he added, called McPhone's criticism sour grapes. Fox News sought to make the most of its exclusive on Wednesday or next Saturday to be throughout the afternoon during an appearance on studio B with Shepherd Smith. You're fair. He'll preview the highlights of Cheney's comments. Even as he questioned whether the public was as upset as the White House news corps about the administration's handling of the incident. If my email is any God and the things I'm hearing from just people in the street that you talk to and people, you know, I don't think that much of the nation feels especially the pride and if they found out about this on Sunday afternoon or evening instead of Saturday night or Saturday morning, Sunday morning, humans said. What a sense of humor is that. A real-life riot. That's a humor. Yeah, that's what I said. The best cartoon character of all time are reading only the top few. Fox Monday, 185 Homer Simpson 101, Cartman from South Park, 96, William O'Wiley, Coyote and Roadrunner 60, Femes in Buthead, 38, Tom and Jerry 36, and the Rocky and Bowling Club 36, Superman 32 and Batman's God. Thought third man. So far. Now, Arianna Huffington was having in puffing his heart as you can. Says, Cheney talks the cover up continues. I don't want to read more than like 2,300 of these store. None of this is the last one. I like it. Because like I said, there's so many bigger fish to fry work. Some of these gray robbing butchers and murderers. But this is the kind of thing that could say everybody looked up into a frenzy, including the media. Arianna says, watching did I dig Cheney break his silence on Fox. I kept thinking, this is what it looks like when a man who's used to getting away with covering up the truth. Finally has to explain himself. He did a lousy job, especially on the key question of why it took so long to let the public know. He offered a host of reasons for the 18-hour delay. He was more concerned with taking care of his friend than about notifying the press. He wanted to make sure what even Stanley got the news before it hit the airways. He didn't know for sure what kind of shape Harry was in. He needed to really wait and kneel it down. And he wanted to make sure the complicated story was given away with Porter with some degree of understanding as opposed to the first reporter, Captain Armstrong spoke to, who didn't now know the difference between a rifle bullet and a shotgun. Of course, not these explanations explains the 18-hour delay or what a preclude to the release of a simple announcement. Even Bert Humus having a hard time buying the vice president's testifications. Humus is one thing we've all learned over the last several decades is that of something like this happens as a rule sooner or as better. Cheney, well if it's accurate, if it's accurate, this is a complicated story. Tune, but there were some things, you know, I mean you knew the man had been shot, you know he was injured, you knew he was in the hospital, you knew you shot him, Cheney. Correct. Nevertheless, Cheney insisted that keeping the story under rapture so long was the right call and that he's comfortable with the way he did it, obviously. Obviously, one good thing about your conscience no longer functioning is that you're comfortable with everything, especially with white washing the truth. That's what Todd Drex says. So taking a page from Orwell, Cheney assured us again and again that by keeping the story hidden, it was only trying to make sure the truth got out. Indeed, he used the words accurate and accuracy eight times in a short chat with him. Never as accuracy been invoked more than the name of inaccuracy. Watching Cheney continue the shooting story cover up, reminded me of my own experience with being stolen while by the vice president of staff this summer when I stumbled upon the story that Cheney, while in veil for a speech, had been taken to the hospital for an EKG. Check out the forepost that in an assuray here, here and here she got four links to check, and you'll see a similar pattern to the way the much bigger shooting story has been handled. In veil over the space of 48 hours, there are three different stories. First denial that Cheney was ever at the hospital, second an acknowledgement that he was at the hospital after all, but only for an old knee injury, and third that he was checked for the knee injury and afterward was taken to the cardiac units at half an EKG, but only prophylactively. He was taken to give him a prophylactic animal. Intex is team Cheney went from saying nothing to have an astray brought out in a way that minimized and maximized administrations control over it, to another out of silence to finally give an exclusive to far from postcoming interview to a partisan outlet. They constantly shifting explanations and multiple levels of denial are utterly familiar as they refuse to level the American people. PS, the human area contained a pair of Tvo were the moments that left me wondering, did I really hear that and reaching for the replay button? Tvo, Tvo, moment number one. After Cheney walked home through the specifics of the shooting, including a catalogian of winning in his injuries, he was struck in the right side of his face as neck and his upper torso on the right side of his body. He'll inexplicably follow-up with his jaw dropper, and I take it, you missed the bird? The vice president has just painted a verbal picture of blasting his friend in the face and Britt is wondering about the bird? Did you say to the bird? Tvo, moment number two, you must Cheney, if the shooting will affect you attitude toward this pastime, you so love in the future. Cheney, I can't say that, you know, we canceled the Sunday hunt. I said, look, I'm not, we're scheduled to go out again Sunday, and I'm not going to go on Sunday. I want to focus on Harry. Wow, how many guys out there do you want to be canceled a Sunday hunt to focus on the faded of the man they just blasted in the face with bird shot? Not many self-sacrifice in the face of overwhelming temptation. That's Dick Cheney for you. You go, Ariana. Wow. Look at those fallins, baby. That is a dornail. Wow. Yeah. How's it getting ranted like a whole slew of men? No, you work. Yeah, it was. Well, why not hold that? Because I thought you had more these stories about Dick. No, I do have one of them but it's down about that though. It's about Cheney Cisi has the power to declansify information. He just makes it up as he goes along. Right. But you call it. He's got lots of service, baby. He's got lots of issues, lots of issues. I mean, take a look at all of the man. You got scooter libygate. You got check Abraham offgate. You got do cutting him gate. You got the time to late gate. You got this bird shot gate. You got iraq gate. You ran gate. Kind of leasing right. Mushroom cod gate. You're racculate and all these. That was one of the ones thinking but George Swim and Prue. Just take it late. Right. The best card that I'm not going to read the whole list is it's an unfortunate what we do a pool of god 9 11 the one here. Oh, and then it's just saying 9 11 9 her lemon votes. You think there's something symbolic about that? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, I sure would like to find out what clearance is right now. Dominic you weigh in. Hello. I'm so wild about. Hey, really. Hey, where's Ronald about? Dominic you weigh in. Hey, the other one. Okay, sure. Yeah, the head looked at issues to be up about the old things. Okay, exact same thing you have to me. Okay. I was finding with some friends and I I'm not finding without a stamp and the game morning came and took my gun away. They locked me up. I went to court. They took my money like the way for a year and I'd say a $3,000 fine. I mean, I mean, shoot the body. Well, that will teach you not to do it, guys. Yes, quick, Potual. Yeah, quick being a Potual. Can't other words, yeah, I just got channey got off because he's the VP this guy wants to go out to didn't have a stamp. How about like a 37 cent stamp? Where's a 39? How good confused? I don't know. New people have to post office by the way. Heck of a job. From an exact irrelevant in five, 60 WQM almost as good as the people on some of the other. Well, I don't want to go. Oh, a big enough post office. Yeah, I'm related to the email. I'm just finding out that my emails aren't going out for some reason. Tommy's tried to send me an email from the building here yesterday. I never got it. Joe never got the email and sent him this morning. So I think we're doing this in because we've got return. Right. So we're having problems sending and receiving emails here in the building. Just thought you might want to know. I see, but just in the building, because all my other emails are just fine. Yes. And how come I got the email at 423 yesterday from Clarence? Apparently Helen Baratik. Oh, I see. And it's like everything else. Kind of like certain kinds of service are sporadic. Some days you got it and some days you don't. Oh, but it's nice. Yes. In fact, most of the time you don't. 12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, we got guilty into the San Fernando. Wow, what a treat that's going to be. Mad dog afforded that hurricane basketball, childish crap and any K after the basketball game tonight. And I'm telling you what the Ambil Coast continues to set people's ears on end. Have you ever had your ear on rear on end? And what coasts this floor does number one Asian gourmet buffet as rated buys you get restaurant review. And now every Friday through Sunday night at the Ambil Coast enjoyed delicious lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermator style. Or is that enjoy lobster past featuring delicious main lobster served thermator style? No matter how you slice it, it melts in your mouth. And every night is crap. This would last in Stoke crab legs, dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar. Not turned man with over 30 different items. The Ambil Coast also serves juicy delicious succulent New York steak cooked just the way you like in the or order. And handcar from rim and Zidians of Chinese and other devices well on it. Man, everything is fresh and delicious. And on the weekends for dessert, we're room for the Ambil Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. You can end up your own strawberries and that thing. Marshmallow stick all kinds of decadent treats in there and people will just be breathless watching you eat those things down. Check out their new order. You can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi. Turn it to taqi over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more. The Ambil Coast has got three can be the occasion for you. You'll find them in sunrise, sunny hours beach and prestigious penberg pies. Reservations suggested you want a real pig out man. If you're like first rated because you work with a bunch of idiots. If you're first rated because people lie and cheat and you just want to go and just eat yourself into oblivion. This is the place to do with the Ambil Coast. For reservations call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-18-15. The Rogers got me. I'm dying of the hair. That's a movie. You banana Easy, quick! Keep your memories with you In rooftops, all your falls Pull this to find a way Let the greatness out Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby You're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good Baby, you're so good It's the only one Baby, you're so good last stand. Yeah, Stan says in the middle of the scene since my first day on WKAT March 1st, 1976, oh my god, Stan, you must be an old fart like me. But anyway, his, his, his, thanks so much for voting Firefox, my grandson Blake Ross invented it. Mm-hmm. We like that guy. By the way, Ross Marlos off, guiding light. He's another soap now. Like everybody else on that show. What a joke. Anyway, can you believe this? Yeah, I believe it. Blake has started a new company and has a new invention, which so be on a market shortly. Please read his website, Blake Ross.com and his blog, look under Schmutz. You'll have a good laugh. I wonder if that's branch mutz. Oh yeah, one guy on our sales department just came back a great guy, Brian Schmutz. He's a real sales person and we like him a lot and he's a real guy. Anybody else I'm missing? No, let me think about it. Is, uh, I guess Billy's long gone, huh? Oh, yeah. Yeah. And what about, uh, I guess Beth is still there. Of course, he just started right? So you just started and don't forget. Of course, who are not alone guys and of course, muff. Uh, he's a, hey, muff. If you send me one more email that I'm going to come there personally and blow your brains out. Okay. You're good guy, but leave me alone already. You know, that this, this radio station, this is a prediction will put me in an early grave. That guy that call a couple of times, I want to know when I'm going to die. So we can come and, uh, you know, honor me of my funeral. I'm going to be giving you a date sometime next few days. Because this station is well, I'm a way to putting me in an early grave. So it's just, it's just the way they do things. Okay. Like I said, and of course, you went hang car mesmerized. I'm glad. I'm happy that you're happy. That's good. I'm not. Because there's just little things that don't require. We don't require a convenient the United Nations having a big committee meeting calling it all the board of directors of the measly broadcasting, B. B. G. I. I. I. I. I. It's just just like I just do it. You know, just have somebody do it. You know, just have somebody do it. You know, since somebody's hands down and say, get this done, who did more neo-rodges or clearance. They're, oh, you know, get this done. It's not personal. It's business. You know what I mean? What do you mean? In other words, uh, we can't afford a part-time program to record this business about Jefferson pilot across the street and auto autopilot here. That's just, they don't work for me, you know? It's not personal. It's business. You're taking a study part. See exactly. That's got nothing to do with that. Anyway, uh, Stance is he's listening to the very first day of K. T. We have a lot of conversations at Mark Life Stadium during the U.M. Baseball, again, July broadcast so brilliantly for six seasons. Thanks a lot, Stan. Good health to you. And happy for them. Why don't you have us for them already? We've ever got to tell me or you're going to have that go. You should come up there. Keep looking on the calendar. Who can't tell me? It doesn't. Hey, on the calendar. I beg your promise, it does. You're just not looking. I'm going to get up. I'm going to get up and look here. Why can't you just Google it? P. U. R. I. M. Pour. That's a goish of the old. Yeah, Pour. I'm rhymes with Goiam, okay? Pour. I'm not a very important holiday. In fact, there are no important holidays, uh, except that people make a big similar to them. It's just that we get to home and touch and nothing. I'm going to be eating any. I have probably, I mean, not that there are a lot of Jews here, but I just don't know where there are any delays here to be saw in a home and touch. And it's good. I'm glad. I'm glad. I don't know where to find them. Well, maybe in the menu. You think the supermarket would have home and touch, and it'd pour them? They got a, oh my god. They have a bakery department in the Dominion supermarket here. 314-06-Marsh14. How plenty of time? Less than a month away. Hey, I'm marketing on the calendar. They got the good. What I do is I take my shopping cart when I go over there and, um, I just walk through there. I don't look, I just smell the aroma. Like those tough bits of cookies. I was sniffing the other day. Yeah. Sometimes you better off, you've come across something really good. Just sniff it in and just keep moving. Yeah. It's probably a good idea. Right. Five say, I'm going to tell you these calls for phone numbers one more time, but there's something going on out there today. I guess we got every cartoon character in the world. If it's not a pool building thing, we're not going to say about nothing. Yeah. Well, we don't stop some off on purpose. Have a good part in. Yeah. Of course, we left on like even Elmer Fud for crying out loud. That's right. Which gave me a good excuse to play that bit. But your mother's too. I got to decide very demoralizing. What's this cartoon here? Or something about dish my kids? Well, that's good. I don't have time to leave it's probably something offensive to my good Muslim friends. If I have it without a doubt, it's a moment of anger. Jesus together. Oh, boy. There you go. I'm having Jesus Abraham, Solomon Martin and John. What's up? Thompson and Tom. And you're sending your work cards. What's your favorite? I'm going back to this. I really want to put that up. Why are you doing this? First of all, you send me that iodine thing. And I send you freaking cartoon. There was funny. I, but I don't have time to read him. Don't you understand? Well, then you put him to the side. You brought a lot of put him to the side. I'm going to wipe my ass with him. How's that? Well, have it? Oh, Jesus. You said that. I was thinking more of Jesus. All right. WDQ, I am hello. Yeah. I know. Yeah. How for you, Newman? Good one. And who would you ever know that he'd someday become president? Very exactly. And what's there? And I know what scares me the most is the 39% that start thinking he's doing a good job. Yeah. Where did he find those people? Well, I know where they find him like in Texas and Alabama and Arkansas, Oklahoma. That's where I find him. That in the course area. And of course, in the Panhandle and Florida on over there in Tampa and Lutz and Temple Terrors, that's where they find those people. It's like, Steve Orange said, it's travel across the country. He rather be on the edges. Don't forget, there's a lot of trailer for our semi USA. But I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Alfred, you know, when you got it, we got to go zooming up that list. What? Me worry? Right. Excellent point. Ever see Ross Perro and Alfred, you know zooming together. No, not eventually. Does that make you weigh in? Hello. Before we're done over there. And you weigh in? Yeah, like to speak to me, please. Speaking. Real, you know, it's good. Hey, listen to things. I like to vote on a deep body and Sherman. Oh, good. Next one choices. And I can't wait for Saturday. He sat in my life when they do a thing about shaming. Okay. Okay. Thanks, darling. Right. Peabody and who Sherman? I'm Sherman. Now, that was a offshoot of. Maybe it wasn't really a no, it was part of the show. It was part of Bolanko? Yes. It's still a different character, though. Absolutely. You know, I've got a little caution. And, uh, it's a fender con. We sure we have that. But, you know, during the show, we had uh, right. Yeah, it's a fair toe. It's not that big of a book. It's a paperback. All of it is, uh, you know, 260 pages. So it's not that small. It's, you know, a sizeable paperback. Welcome foolish mortals. Like, and voices of Paul Freeze, like this one. Or by June for a. No, no, no. Tell me, you right? Right. No, I don't have to do well. Let's get him on the right away. Unless I know my bowling from man, you messin' with a wrong guy. I'll know you though your bowl. Point, point, point, point. This is great. For a cash again, chicken, extra this book. This is really good. Nisca was very talented. All these before, talented. And they sat part, but it's other than June for a, they're all dead. Hans Con read, Dawes Butler, Bill Scott, Bill Con, William Con read, and now of course Paul Freeze, they're all dead. But in all those voices for a rocky and bullwinkle and Dudley do right and Dudley do wrong and cinnamon so on. Maybe our clients could take due to the voice for Dudley do wrong. He should have got a lot of practice. Sure, so I would like to take a, you know, you'd have to, until they had a flat tire this morning. Yeah. Unless you take the crowbar out of your trunk. Mm-hmm. And our, we were at a time and it's higher and be good too. And just shove that thing into inside Terence's body and like spin it around a few times. Give it an old airplane, spin with that tire on and see if that like grind any Cincinnati's hands. I don't want to fall for it. It's Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. Two. Two. Brudge back and Mr. Gonzalez is a true that you is White House council. wrote the memo which basically okay is the use of non-traditional interrogation or combatants of A.K.E. torture to gather information or that is not correct Senator. Mr. Gonzalez, what did I commit to? Think about that answer? No, Senator. I'm glad you're a demon. Oh, okay one more time, Mr. Gonzalez. I never did. Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Now, before I release the dog, Mr. Gonzalez, I suggest if you like your family jewels and one piece. Santa, I am now a boy! Do you want to kill? Do you want to? Do you want to do it? Okay. Well, now one that easy. No. Okay. Now let's move on to your stand on Robby Ways. Could I have to jump a cable smooth to a little lower please? Thank you. You're welcome. Twenty seven before noon and five. Sixth year after. A few on my god. How long have you gotten into that? I watched him TV. I J. Who's really getting on my nerves with his fight his life. This is another one of these guys who have set himself up now is a, um, he's the Quartiquery, you know, of everything in the world including the show. The so-called Fox News interview with the Tony was in the bottom while we already know that. And you know, we're overstate the obvious that we already know. And then he says at the NPS today's poll is week. Now, it's the poll was week. In fact, we had one, I forget which one it was. And I said myself, I don't like this poll. It's pretty remember that. Yeah. There's nothing weak about this poll at all. It's a fine poll. It is a fine poll. They can't all be spectacular. No, no. It's not spectacular. It's not spectacular, which most of them are spectacular. But it's just fine. How many of them? And also, I think I've ever done before. I don't believe I have. I don't believe. Which is not 170 votes and so I love him. 30, we almost got a thousand votes. And I've been put this on here to let about 10 o'clock last night. So, evidently enough people out there seem to think it's, you know, even on just for fun, they can't all be, let's say, the world from evil to worse polls. Or how much do you hate George Bush and Dick Cheney polls? Because it gets a little bit redundant. So, there you go, Jay. That's your own show. Is it weaker than the poll's suggestion, Jay Thakston? Which is what? He didn't facts what it. Oh, yeah, really? It's Wednesday. What do you got? When you got Jay, Mr. Hachart, today's poll is weak. What kind of a poll you got? I could only imagine what you got and where it is, but nevertheless, Rick and West Palm says, for today's poll, how about that sexy Jessica from the Roger Rabbit movie? Jessica? Jessica Rabbit. Jessica, alignment. And then he's got a couple of poll ideas. Unlike Jay, who doesn't have any of them, just restating the obvious about the teeny appearance on a fascist news network. The most boring and coma inducing Olympic event might what would be curling? Well, curling's certainly right up here. That's the funniest word. What are you talking about? Yeah, that's not the answer. And the best part of it is I think a couple of days ago, I think on a local channel here, I think the Swedish women big Canadian women in curling, which boy, you talk about a national embarrassing. I mean, as the Canadians can't even win in curling, now what they'll hope is there for the human race, eh? Also, what I see, I would do that poll except for the fact that I don't watch your Olympics and I don't care about your Olympics. And I really don't care to deal with people who do watch your Olympics because it's a bunch of kaka. I mean, before I speak, I can see the summer Olympics because the summer Olympics is a lot of hot people dressed in very tight outfits. And a lot of it's almost naked swimmers. I'm really, yeah, you know, I think. Whimmers in the dive. That's correct. And the gymness as well. Me too. Like, like, Michigan Lord. Remember, Michigan Lord? I'm sure you do. That would be one of the great actors, by the way, of all time. Yeah, I heard he was American. I remember the movie American anthem. Yeah. Now, you see, I can't remember what I had for lunch yesterday, but I can remember American anthem. What was that? She said you were my brain. And who was the female in that movie? I have no idea. True to Janet Jones. Not yet. Gratsky. Oh. How do you know? Yeah. Want to bet? Okay. Rick says, what about people you would like to send a hunting trip with Dick Cheney? Well, we're not going to do that fully. There's because we know beyond a shadow of a dove. Who would win that one hands down? We don't need any knocking on the door or whatever in the studio and a building and it's said to him and so on. So, thanks. See, thanks anyway though, Rick, at least Rick isn't making an attempt. You know, as opposed to you just saying, today's poll is week. There's not a damn week thing about it, okay? In fact, a lot of these cartoon characters on here give us a lot more enjoyment than your silly SUV effects. Jay, how do you like that? I guess Jay coming on a wrong day, because I'm really sorry. I can't see it in notice. Oh, no, I hadn't. No. Got right by me. Well, yeah, this business about all the problems that we got here at the Auto Nation radio or Auto radio. And I could have given someone, I realized that. But we'd like to get something going. No, we said that sales department because the sales is going to put in more money in my pocket and I really have serious stuff that's going to put in money money in yours is where our Josh is concerned, you know, I got to do a lot of that as well. So, you know, all the way around three for three even they grew. They were better than a thousand. So your guys and doing all that well by me, but I'll talk to them again this afternoon and it will about me, but it will put it better. Because I don't think that I have brought up a whole bunch of issues. You know what I'm saying? What he said. Now, there was an unexpected thing, but it didn't have a miracle work. It could undo the mess that great readers left behind on the floors and on the walls and the events and the inner of your existence. Right. I don't think I've expected that way with even a miracle work or couldn't do that. But when there's just one isolated incident, of course, it's kind of hard to solve any issues when there is no, but he didn't talk to about them. You try to email somebody. The emails don't go through. You try to get a hold of somebody. They're nowhere to be found. See, I'm going to take a page out of the rest of my colleagues on this radio station. I'm going to do next time Todd comes to me with some proposition for me to endorse to talk about so he can make some money in his fat ass pocket. You know, I'm going to tell him three little words. Do you know what those words are? What? I don't want that. I think Frank Todd read a little. Make it. Yeah. I don't want those are the three words. Anything you bring into this studio, anything that you bring on the table for me to consider. I don't want. How's that time? There you go. Simple as that. Cheney says he has departed classified information. Oh, we're back to old Dick again. Vice President Dick Cheney said yesterday that an executive order gives him the authority to detensify secret documents, but he wouldn't say whether he authorized an indicted former a to release classified information. Cheney's former chief of staff, Scooter Luby, told a grand jury he was authorized by his superior to disclose classified information for men and children's estimate on the rack to report his, the special prosecutor investigating the 2000s really, oh, this is this, whoever writes these things, man, just so reverse. God. In that interview with Fox News last night, Cheney said the case was nothing I can talk about. The idea third to the class of amateur, under an executive order that focuses first and foremost on the president, but also includes the vice president as if we don't know which one is really which. He wouldn't disclose whether he had exercised that authority, however. And it goes on and on about Scooter Luby, but a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of an all of a crap. I say put his action, Jayles, what I say predict Cheney right now, and that will start making up a whole bunch of charges and all will be true anyway. Just let's run all those clips back to back inside by each of him on him talking hit Sunday morning, shows lying through his teeth about Sodom and Al Qaeda and about the weapons of mass destruction and about connections between the Iraqis and Nile. All these lies and a part that about the waning days for the insurgency, which is months and months ago and now they're bigger and stronger and more dangerous than ever. And people are dying over their every single day by the Zillions, including about 20, 20, and 50 American soldiers by now. But then you know, those are the said that that's the same military that he, of course, and his buddy, his bunk butt buddy, where I do everything in their part of the war for its serving and rightfully so an air case did because like that article yesterday says, who would have been in the disaster and Vietnam probably would have shot up an extra 50 American soldiers. As at 58,000 was done up. 20 till noon, if you want to see that poor Jayles life so much it's week, you're week, okay? Guys like you, Mr. Quiddick, Mr. That's why South Florida blows man, that's why so many people want to get that lot of their because of people like you, Jay. Everything isn't good enough for you. The price is right, okay. How about if we send you a hundred bucks in a mail, how's that? Call up to our Veski's wife. Hey, we can go to Los Chainsley and around. In fact, we got 995 votes. Well, we come back from the break will be over a thousand votes on his poll, which for this time of the day is staggering, even Josh can't believe it. I mean, he's like almost breakfast in his green outfit. The best car I'm only going to read the ones with a lot of vote. There's only four like in a running. The best car to in character role time bugs bunny 183, Homer Simpson 112, Hartman from South Park 103 and really is only three in a running. Those three, there's only one in a running and he's running fast with that keratin's mouth. Wally Cody and Roadrunner 68, Vives in butthead 42, Tom and Jerry 40 and Bulllink 140, Superman 37 Batman 35, carpet captain Marvel anything. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Shazayem, yeah, my god even now what's his name? Was he a camping level fan? Jim neighbors. I thought I just play. Here we go again. Come on. Oh, sorry. That's what I was talking about. I'm so glad to see it's not only me. I'm a he barely hear that. Do it again. That's all I was just like, sound like him. Sam, Sam, Sam, Sam, Sam. I mean, I dream that he died or he still lives in a neighborhood. No, he still alive. It was a boyfriend that died. No, no, I'm not talking about Brock Hudson. I mean, Jim neighbors is still alive. Yeah, Jesus Christ. Jesus, Jesus, me. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Jesus. I'm going to get him, I'm like him. That's a duet. Every call you know me. He knows you, please. There's a thing in his trace. There's a side of his face, push his watch to you. And so you're answering. He's a good boy. He'll be in his heart, baby. There's no such thing as privacy, push his watch to you. Who can you see? Don't know he's calling. Jim and God, so on clear. But you are the one who says, never see no way. Never will you see. From this to the hell to that deep future, go push his watch to you. Don't call it on, say, We'll see as a push his watch to you. Good news. I finally got the Quail hunt to work. Oh, very good. He can't even Quail hunt. Yeah, and the only problem is that I picked off whoever was on a right of that group there. Yeah. Game over somehow you managed to miss the Quail better. Next time, feel free to hit reload or refresh try again. This time was slightly, slightly better. Yeah, I got everybody eventually. This is a hoot. Well, you got them all? Oh, yeah. You know what they say to White House when and out. I did either with or against it. Thousand 24 votes. Jay, how do you like that way over the thousand markets? Not even noon yet. Not amazing. Pretty amazing for a week poll like this. Yeah, for a very week poll, I think it's a childish and, you know, it's just not an important. Some are the polls that when they history the human race is written. I'll say, wow, February 16, 2006. Did you hear that? Did you see that? Did you see that brilliant fast from Jay? Did you have got a suggestion for you? Okay, let's see. Five words. Blow it out your ass. So, Dick's any was there? Where? Where? Where do you call it, Katie? WDQA and hello. Hello, speaking Neil. Speaking. Play Neil. Just wondering, did you have a commentary on the poll? Commentary on there and they're doing not to bed. They got 40 or 40 votes. Okay. My opinion knows that. That was the last. Did you ask? Yeah, yeah. I can't still watch it today. Okay. I guess I'm just out of touch with Tom and Jerry. Thanks, Pally. Thanks, Pally. Thanks, Pally. You watched Tom and Jerry. I watched it. I don't want to take part in it. Anyway, unless you count sounds part of the story. Yeah, you can't do it. As you get older. Yeah. So, you realize there's a difference between stuff that was good enough when you were a kid and stuff that stands at the test. Oh, and I'm not going to see your bad. Like Rockin' Bull Winkle for example, is always funny no matter how old you get, you know, bugs, bunny cartoons. But Tom and Jerry, you know, watch it again years later. And it was like, oh, they look at that. I do believe that. I do believe that. Yeah, that did. Okay. So, he's Santa. Well, I'll take it one thing. In fact, if we had to choose those upper ones, they're, I would vote for Carmen. Certainly, first I had to vote for Bonnie and the Homer Simpson, as far as just for laughs. Oh, I just, genius. Now, you can't even describe it. It's so hysterical. Especially when Tom and John revolted together in the closet. Oh, my God. Oh, this is really what the scientists believe. I don't have to read the way the company wants to. Like, you know, you're laughing at this, but guess what? This is really what they believe. They believe this. They believe it. They believe it. They believe it. Yeah. They believe it. Yeah. Yeah. It is Neil. Sounds like me. Sweet. Yeah, Neil. You have to have Master Shake on your poll. Master Shake, he's shaking it. Do you know who it is? No. Now, I'll continue hunger for it. Okay. So third on. Okay, thanks. Put it on there. Throw it on. I have to watch the Aquitine on before some star app. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm like three in the morning for Christ's sake. To my lab to take a pass on that, you can pass. I'm at rather watch this supernatural myself. It's good, but see what he gets to be my age. You're not really that much into cartoon characters anymore. You're more in life there. Living in breathing people are like, get with the pops. Right. Oh, I'm with it. Believe me. Except when I'm with this place. Oh, my God. No, you're laughing. I'm not exactly what are you going to do. This just never ends. They're laughing. They're not saying never ending experience. You know, we're not talking about rocket science. We're not talking about asking for the moon with green cheese on it. We're not asking to reinvent the transmitter to go 8 million watts. To give us a 90 share and a 50 million dollar bonus. I mean, all of those things would be nice, but nobody's asking for that. Just a little, you know, and you know what really cracks me up. Is this situation, which I can't go in the details on here, but I was asked yesterday. It was kind of an offer you can't refuse. Do it for Joe, the new boss. Do this for us. Okay. So I did it. And what do I get? Nothing. You're on Sam. What do you say? What I get me turned is a lot of service, baby. A lot of people in our nation. And, uh, oh, this one didn't do this and Todd Grecht didn't do that. And parents is off to an basketball game. And the Joe is done. They were kissed because Greg won't take his crap out of the office. And our general manager doesn't have a place to sit. When you saw Greg in the hallway there today, he has no authority over you anymore. You should say, hey, Jack, ask watching it. Your crap out there already. So they're good guy. And I said in there and he gets some stuff done here. I should say that. Sorry, I was like, it's a busy admiring of the jacket. Is that what it was? He had his nice, uh, little faggy haircut there. His Louis Miguel haircut, well, the plot jacket. And his first brother jacket probably was green too. It's probably we're in this today. Hey, Greg. You fair. Go away already. Wait a minute. Just go away. Clean it all at boxes of crap out of there. And, fact, you know something. I just thought of a great new revenue stream. Yeah. I just made one. Yes. And that was fact. Yeah. God only knows what he's got. And those curtains that's been there for like 100 years in QAM. Probably some really neat memorabilia and and especially all the sports stuff. Can you imagine how much money we could make with that? We got some of this studio too. Right. It's starting to show you. And I know just so we could bring in the sell it on the website. I'm not even getting started yet. You'll see. 567.0.560. You guys okay? Oh, I'm literally. I'm a little bit of a. Yeah. Seriously. It's like I was saying that you would be for the show ordinarily when a dog makes a mess. You know, on a floor and you discover and you scream and I'm like, Jesus, the dog will either like go into the corner and kind of like, you know, try to curl itself up against the wall. Or go on the other woman hide, you know, put it's head between its legs and like hide and embarrassment. Because you know, she's done something wrong and tries to lay low for a while. So you get over being PO. But in great case, even he doesn't know anybody and he just keeps running around oblivious because he's still. He still begins the big bus for basically walking around being a big shot. Oh, I'd be sure to say I don't know. And everybody comes and say, and you wouldn't even invited me growing away party for Greg. See, I think that says a lot. Right. He's a hit with you like poison and a feeling of course is mutual. 567.0.560. 565.560. 565. Verizon. WQAM. Hello. 2 AM. Yeah. I'm not wrong. Everybody thought something she can run. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I'll leave that to you. WQAM. Hello. Frog have a name. I'm wrong. Hey, I'm hello. I don't need that. I'm a black man. Yeah. Still black man. Why should work on? Okay, lighten up a little bit about three shades. WQAM. Hello. Hello, 2. Going up. Are you doing sir? I'm a man. I feel good once free fully. I feel like I can get through. A man. You know what I know what they were? No. Okay. Today for the poll. I'm an optimist. Who is it? Optimist. Prime. George. Optimist. Prime. Everybody under 40. Oh, I don't know. Yellow. Okay. I'm a man. Forward. Yep. Okay. I don't know. I do. It's just a different kind of show. No nothing about Optimist. Pessimist. He's no Megatron, but he'll do. Okay. Megatron is the cool. The minor one tomorrow's poll is. All right. Well, maybe 52 now might tell you. Let me be. He's the real rock. There's already got an honor. This. Nice. God. Eric. He's the best. So. This portion of the new Roger's in your 12. So when. How is it? It's brought to you by the led at 12. One two three four five six seven eight five eleven twelve. So like is a pizza. Or for me. It's. It's. It's. It's. In theaters now. When a stranger calls. Hello. Hi. This is Paul. The fine. We have great deals. We're regarding the contest. Oh. You got to jail. We were so thrilled to find babies that are at the last minute. Oh. This is great. But I'm calling the guy. The entry fund that you had. Don't know. You're safe inside the house. Why are you doing this? What are you worried? Well. Unfortunately, it's time again that we have to listen. Stop calling me. You know, it's the police. We trace the call. It's coming from inside the house. You're. Coming from inside the house. Let's do it. You're. Guys of actually wanted. One of our top four major prizes. Oh, okay. 12. Five, 60, W, 2, A, I'm going home. Uh, 156 votes on there. There's in Q, 56. And look at the ones that have zero. Yeah, we're looking. I mean, I just, I can't believe it. Can't the Marvel. Okay. I guess she's A and went out with the knickers. All right. Right. And Pikachu. Well, I guess if you're. What do you age of five? But Alfredi Newman. Alfredi Newman. I don't think I've got no votes. I don't know what it but I don't mean to mad magazine in any way. In other words, I still have to read it to like it. Or to think that it was great. No, no, I guess. But you have to read my words. That's my worst. I got to be reading that. I think he's dead by the way. Don't. No, but I have to have read it at some point in your life to know who those people are. Right. So, reducing it all the people in whom Mad magazine, I'm Alfredi Newman. They're all dead now. Well, you go watch Matt TV too. He's. That's her. And they're. I'm Matt TV. Right. The picture. But they don't. He's everywhere. But there's wrong with you, man. Right. And speaking of, man, Renee Pavol was declared the winner of hitiest presidential election to the Underwind agreement between the interim government and electoral council, stating of a crisis over last week's disputed vote. And the election hemisphere is poorest country. How about popping up a few shackles for the motions? What do you say? No, no, no chance. When nearly all votes counted, Pavol had been dry shy at the 50.1% March need to go to run off. And under an agreement, but it means that they were subtracted again. Well, whatever. They fixed it up. Sort of afford anymore murder and bloodshed. They're going to make him, uh, El Presidente. In the, they hit a interim government. And then maybe go do it again. Have some more writing in the streets. And people say, I just go on so some of our baseballs and put acting like that. And go back and starve again. Is what people say. Wands out. It's just the way it works. And then they'll turn around and say, She can't understand why these poor slutpers all keep showing up here in these rats and boats and getting smuggled into our shores. You know, what do they want? Oh, speaking of evil doers. Oh, my God. Angela Merkel, the German Chancellor, makes Hitler look like a cubscott. Oh, yeah, this is must be tape. It is. She was just down there with the fewer again with the bushmaster. Ah, the leap and Tony Blair. 560, 560, pound 560. Don't forget when Todd Red comes in. They're just looking at him and go, I don't want. That's all. Let's say that. No matter what it is, somebody Q a m. Hello. Two a m. They do. All right. Yes. Hey, listen, I'd give a couple on there. I'm wondering, you got Mickey Mouse on there? Of course we got Mickey Mouse. Hi, I'm the little sister. I mean, I don't know. What's wrong with you? Why don't you have a baby? What? What about you? What about you? You'll be there on the be on there. Yeah, I need help me. Mighty masters either. What was the last one? Uh, you'll be there on speedy. You can do all this. I'll be there on the speedy. That's all. Let's play that by Patlu. He's playing themselves. He's playing themselves. He's always too heavy to do. He's playing themselves. Patlu, I need more money. I need more money. I'm feeling like a creepy dog thing. Yeah. I don't know if he's a creepy dog. I'm sorry. I know all of them. That's a fool over him. He's born like, uh, it sounds like, uh, in E. E. E. E. E. E. E. That one. Let me say it. Oh, yeah. Oh, that one. Yeah. I don't even have a course you do. Everything is good. What was that other dog with the OG? I can even. No, that was the bullring called dog. What was the one? Which one? The one with a quick drum, a drum or a OG doggy and doggy daddy. No, sorry. So I'm going to use to do the, um, I'm going to use to do the nursery rhymes with Edward Everhorten, right? The fractured, uh, the storytell fractured for retail. What was that dog? Yeah. I'm doing it. Huh? I'm thinking the dog you do. Okay. You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're. Look up fractured for years. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've arrived. So I, you know, there's like any many choices on here. And Jay, don't you know, his pull is really weak because he's too intellectual to be worried about like cartoons and, uh, funny and the funny papers. You know, even in the godfather, Marlon Brander was talking about, uh, with Michael Corleone and he even reads the funny papers. Remember that? Right? And uh, down Corleone that there was most amusing. Remember in the, they're in the car on a way to Louie's in the Bronx. So let's so a closky is driving. I know he's not driving. He's in the past. And you're seeing the front. It turns around in first, Michael. What I want. I don't want anybody bothering my father again. Remember Michael was saying that he can barely talk because his nose is broken. And uh, the snout keeps running down his nose. And McCusky said, I missed my chance. I am the hundred one. Remember that? That's right. And I was a good scene. I am the hundred one. I had my chance. And I'm with five shots and he's still alive. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. I wonder if that was Dick Taney. See him at Q.A.M. Maybe I maybe slots us out and hit him with bird shot and he's still alive. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, right. Any other guy? Um, I think it was Mr. Peabody. Mr. Peabody. Mr. Peabody. Mr. Peabody was a dog. We already talked about that. Oh, I'm sorry. That was a different. That wasn't practice. Oh, well, whatever was. And what about Mr. M. Goon? Mr. M. Goon. Jim Vackus. I thought I was going to. Wait, what? I never. I was there being that one back. Yeah, I was there bringing Jim Vackus back. He was there. Okay. Jim Vackus was on an awful killing in Zaman's show. But he was also on eye. Mary, John, before you were born. Yeah, before you were born. Jim Vackus was funny guy. Yes, it was. I hated the voice of Mr. McGoon. Yes, he did. No, Mr. McGoon is not on there. That's what I'm telling him. We've got all sorts of things to do. We've got all sorts of things to do. And Peabody. Do we have Peabody on there? No, no, no. No, no. Oh, they are on there. Sherman Peabody. Sorry. Sorry, Mr. Oh, better run down. Oh, no. Oh, no. The best cartoon character of all times is a thousand sixty nine votes. We'll have eleven hundred before you can say Jason Idiot. By the way, Mr. McGoon is on there. Oh, sorry. Well, you know, when you got four thousand money, it's on a hard hard hard to heap a hack. Buzz, twenty one ninety two, buzz is got it, I think. Homer Simpson one twenty two, Cartman from South Park one eleven. Come on, man. He makes bugs. Money seemed like a dodo bird. You kid me even an old, cool like me says that, you know? Wiley Cody in the road, one or something. I only wish there was more South Park movies. I, I voted for Cartman for what it's worth and you're right. There doesn't need to be a series of them. Yes. Wiley Cody in the road runner 71, be this in butthead 45. Now, don't we have like, maybe we don't. I thought we had a bevelson butthead. We have a wing got. And, uh, it's the continuing episodes of Beaver and butthead. This is that school. Uh, let's see. I don't think I want to take that to. We have a five or six of them. We have this one to say. Are you threatening me? Oh, yeah. Rocky and bull Michael 43 should be way up higher than that one. What is rough? What's wrong with you people? Who did more for Cartoons and for amusing us? To amuse you. I just, I can't deal with it. Various buddies that I'm going to have you two in Rocky and bull Michael got 43. Tom and Jerry 41, Super Brand 37, batman 35. Mickey Mouse 30, Mickey Mouse has got what? About 30 men. Charlie Brown 26. What they'll just happen there. I think just, uh, that's all. It just changed again. Super Brand 37, batman 35, Mickey Mouse 30 for Flintstone, Vinnie, Rebel 26, Charlie Brown 26, SpongeBob Squarepants 25, Charlie Brown and Snoopy 22. See, why did we do that? I mean, there's separate characters. Who doubled up a bunch of them? Okay. I don't know. Renn and Stimpy A and 16. Snoopy, you see, and then there's Snoopy again. 16. See what I mean? We can visit. Who done that? Get that Snoopy off of it or please Eric. Get the first there would Charlie Brown. Let Charlie stand on his own. All right. We'll separate them. Snoopy 16, Scoopy new 15, Daffy Duff 15, Speed Race Your 12, Mighty Mouse 12, Pop I 12, Boris Spent an off an Natasha Fetal 11, Donald Duck 11, Mr. And Google 11, Santoli was on there. Underdog 11, Felix the Cat 8, Woody Woodpecker 6, Darya 6, huh? No, he bearer. Wow, whatever. You say Darya, I say Darya, Rarya, Darya. Yogi, Baron, Boo Boo 6, heckle and jekyll 6, I like them a lot. They were like I said. That's it. They were magnpies. Yes, they are. What is there really such a thing as a magpie? Absolutely. There is. Yeah, scavenging blackbirds not as a magpie. Come up here. A very similar. Yes. I see. Topcats, very boopsick. It's kind of a mccasiparate. Bobby Hill from the King of the Hill, five, Twivian Sevester, five. They were good. Barton Lisa Simpson, five. Dick Tracy, five. But I had my Dick Tracy watch when I was a kid. You know, you see. Yeah. Did it actually was at a walkie talkie? Did it actually work like a walkie talkie? No, no. I think it takes a little bit of two synthies of crap. But you get like the box top from like some kind of kill on serial or something. And you said it in with long 40 cent. And you get that Dick Tracy. I loved it Tracy. But it explains something to me because I tried to read those comic scripts when they were still running in the newspapers. Yes. I thought they were boring as dog crap. Would they just go over my head or what? Yeah. They were two intellectuals. Plus they were an English. I see. Dick Tracy, what I leave off here. I don't know where I am anymore. Once he got. What does this have to do to prove you? I got certain point in this thing. I was doing just fine. Maybe you got 20 votes and I moved at the list. Did he get 20? I don't know. Maybe 30. Or how is he? How many of you got? You find him right now. I think I'm losing my mind. This is a five. Almost done. Craig Murphy from family guy for Peter from family guy for. 10 out of four. Wonder Woman 3. W do right. That they do right. So only got two. Oh, my god. Elmer. Fud is only got two. Jesus. Poor. He pigs only got a small pair. He goes to Bill from schoolhouse rock to George of the jungle to gumbie to the power of powder poke girls to power puff power puff. What about, but I'm a cheerleader. That was not again the other day and you'll never guess I didn't want to. Yeah. Oh, hey. No. Joe Polo could do one for Jessica from Roger Rabbit, one for Alvin the chip bunk. Come on. Only one for poor Alvin. Time to rid of one. Winning to poo one Arthur one. Gerald Mcboying one. And Jessica Pickle's one. I wonder if that's like K. We're in J. Rocheach's related to her. You know them. K. People people? I don't. The A you do. Okay. We're K. Let's go. For Michigan J. For I would never heard of that. That's the problem that I was talking about. Oh, I never can see that part. No, I haven't. Sure. Nice to shake none. Peabody none. Sherman none. We put them on separate. They still have how can they have none? I don't know. Let me let's put them all together. Maybe he was a little bit too intellectual. People. You know, he's fun. That was ever ever. Horton. Alfred Newman has none. Pamin. Come on people. He's Cliff none. Joe's in the pussycats done. Pikachu has none and Captain Marvel. He's still got his cape on, but you haven't even got his. John. Oh, right in the middle of lunch hour and Sean says this thing about gross things people blow their nose in a restaurant. Oh, good poll Sean, but I'll put that. I'll cover it up a little bit. Right in the middle of lunch hour. I once had just got things like that. I'm sliding oysters down there throat. Right. He's got things on there. We can't even begin to talk about it. No, I'm sure that. Oh, does he really have any even read them all? I did. I see. I don't even understand what that means. And I couldn't begin to exploit it to you. Well, what does some of those mean? They don't fit. I'll put it up. How many songs did it with a lot of pressure, okay? A lot of pressure. Firmative Spanish. No wonder a lot of pressure. I'll tell you actually, like my brains are going to be pulled right in. I got it. The guy that keeps writing in characters for our crumb comics. Nobody has ever heard of the answer that he's talking about. Yeah, no matter how many times he found it. What's the character? The toilet. Well, just as we're just sick, those are the facts his man. And the toilet. Love our crumb. But nobody ever heard of those characters. I've never heard of any of that. Can you agree with that? I mean, Groovy guy. Give it a rest already. If I'm not working this back. Just from that iodine crap. Let's find it way higher. We're not reading your faces anymore. We're tired of you. And that Riley creep too. Laying down the law this year. Laying down the law. 12 13 already. We got guilty coming in. He'd come in a little early if he wants like about 12 30. Well, good. And when you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit, and value, that's what it's all about. Anybody knows that. And if we want to always get those and make sure you get a perfect fit every time, then hey, you're an ass over to brand the shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style in the top brand names of shoes like rock port, echo, foreshime, essay as Nafisto, new bounds, all the others, and brandies professionals who fit is will make damn sure you got a customized fit of that favorite comfort shoe. As per Arne, he'll take good care of you. Don't forget, Brandy's even specialize in wide wits as well. It'd probably hard to find the most shoe stores you want them. So Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in town for that unbeatable combination. Comfort style, fit, value, and selection. Always think first of Brandy's shoes. You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in most prestigious Palmetto Beach, Brandy's open every day, Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday to five. And this week again is a stupidest time to buy your essay issues at Brandy's because you can still take 20 to 40 bucks extra off the retail price of all great men's and women's essay styles this week. So be sure to get your Fed ass, Wadler, and the Brandy's this week or do your shoe shop online right on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Wadler, how are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just about location. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, what we've done with New York City Times Square, point out the street. Hang on. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Turn off the Wadler, plan and bring us. Get the blue burn all the here. Okay, boss. I've heard books are literally doughed midtown men had 40 secondaries incredible. And I want publicly I support it. But you took all the part away. You can't meet. I'm going through Gaviscom like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. I want to meet but much. Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Lee Rowan's stitch. $128 million dollars. Now you're trying to rule in the home network. We're kind of programming are you running? Hang on a minute. The dream is, you've got blue burn crap all over your shoulder. If you're playing yourself up for heaven's sake. And hang off the module plan. Oh, keep up. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God. You're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam box wheelie on and be done with it? We still make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in fishing now. We have the new M.N.I. Chumman movie coming out later. Oh, I got signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yield sign. You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. Reem it. Reem it. Reem it. It will. I know you can't hear me. Reem it. Yes, they're on the bottom floor. Yes, they're on the bottom. Thank you. Oh, they're on here. Reem it. Take that blue burn shit. All right. I said yes. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car, why were you? What do you mean? I've got done with you. What? I've done. Sir. I'll put a hand on the star in your job. You're terrible. I'm sorry. They didn't have a point of remiss in there. I didn't want to be poisoned in a Disney remiss. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. Twenty after noon in five, sixty and seventy-two. I'm going to reach in here. You're reaching for it. One of this is a good stuff. It's a good stuff. She may be smart enough. This is from what? Where is this from? Palm Beach Post. She may be smart enough to earn millions from her acidic political bar. But when it comes to something as simple as voting in her tiny home town, hard core right wing pundit and quarters attack confused. They end. You're fair. Palm Beach County supervisor of elections record show quarter voted last week in Palm Beach's Council election. Problem is, she can't develop a precinct four miles north of the one where he owns a home. And that could be a big no-no. No. Coder owns a one-point eight million dollar crib on C.B.E.S. Avenue. She had a voted in precinct 1198. It covers most homes on her street. Instead record show, she voted in precinct 1196. At the northern tip of the island. And I think this is just the tip of the iceberg. No, too. I'm sure. Tip of the Goldberg. A fae of the college speaking circuit in the occasional target of cream pies to the face. Coder registered as a Republican no kidding with a supervisors office in 24. That's too much after she bought the home and moved to Palm Beach for Manhattan. Here's the sticky part for the right-slaying event. She wrote down an Indian road address instead of C.B.E.S. on her voter's registration application. And she signed a certified information as true. She never lived there. Since Suzanne Frisbee, all of the Indian road home, I'm answering her, I know she used this address to Ford Mail when she moved from New York. Coder didn't respond to requests for comment, but the blind GOP pitpitals from Rajan. Jony Evans, last year told Page to the court of the left near city to escape stalkers. I like that. So I like all the asslime that they might have been Florida, like O.J. Yeah. And MJ. And all of these things. Todd Drek. First my case. August and bad puppy news man. Oh no. A king on contender from this week's Westminster kennel club dog show is missing you. And away after escaping from a travel cage at J.F. Kennedy International. The dog ate him yell with it named a boy on the sailor being. With skids on a travel with her owners on a delta flight to California from New York where the dog showed to a place when she broke free from a cage about noon and ran like hell. And can you blame her? No. People that's object or dogs to this. It's just like it's the same as like John and Bene Ramsey. It's the same crap. Right? Oh, the dog of the night. Love it. God, everybody. Right. By the way, we don't hear too much about that anymore. So now, oh, they didn't do it. You auto apologize. No. No. I still think they did. A stupid or a piece of parents. Poor the authority police said they dispatch the helicopter to aid the search for several hours when they said the dog was spotted in marshlands round the airport. But the authorities on the ground were unable to catch her. She's running for her life. She wanted to be subjected to this crap no mole. According to American Wippet Club. I know they had that answer. They might even have that in America. So they get a real. The American Wippet Club, they whip it as a leading-sized member of the side-hound family. It is very similar to a gray-hound only, a little schmower. So it's a little gray-hound. I thought a whip was something you did with the catacool with. Oh, a whip it. So an encoder can't figure out where to hold a vote. And dogs that have been abused by their owners are running away, which is good. They got a female light. Razia the chief at the end of a co-huseness. Yeah. When he finally lifted up that damn sink. And just about a running start and smaps it through the window. And when racing out there, the woods never to be seen again. About a little tear. I think he, he, him and Johnny Horton went north to Alaska. If he asked me, remember you were saying we were going to Alaska. Right? Too bad that old Mr. Robinson named couldn't go with him. But it all worked out because that was the inspiration for it. Then that Murphy. Yeah. What was the name J.P. McRiffy? I think so, yeah. Yeah. Well, I just seen it the other day. I want my cigarette out of that scene. But that scene is so great. I mean, all the scenes in all the movies all the time. The scene where he just goes ballistic. And finally, Jack Nicholson gets so exhausted. He smashes the window, right? And reaches his air and grabs the curtain the cigarettes. And he hears, shut up all the way. And he's just going crazy. Well, he's not going crazy. And another great part of the movie is where he finds out that pretty much everybody there is voluntary. He's one of the few that can't leave whatever he wants. Right? Including building the poor, but really, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, right, you people want to be in here. You must be not playing poor little Danny DeVito. Dominic, you way I'm hello. My team. Mr. Mr. Martin. I think this guy just has a couple of what you've asked president. Dominic, you way I'm hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Good. Good. He's speaking of Carmen. George is probably seen the skit of Carmen. Carmen telling that a rich guy, Joe. Have you seen that yet? Hasn't it been the movie? Yeah, it was in the movie. You're right. I'll send you copy the movie if you want Neil. Really? Really? Really? Oh, money. What are you seeing the movie? What are you seeing the movie? And also, Neil, one more thing that I'm there. Just get the whole week funny. What is that? It's so funny. It's an ice-new skit. It's a Mickey and ice-new skit. That's what it is. It's really funny. Mom, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Okay. You go to hell and you die. Exactly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. Look at that. There's a pigeons flying around there. And it looks like candy curries on my balcony. That's it. I've been living here in the human room. And putting it away. There really is that baby in that hand textures. Oh, you can put hat there. That's it. It's like I helped shovel, you can grab some it, and then theyammals are down. You know how many grown yo old friends II and we are on the same boat here, Can I do that, Churchill? We are about 4 on our sofa and we're 6. What is it? I'm going to have kids like this. Give us questions about how many girls are going to get excited about44어서. We are going to sit down and travel. but almost every may have honor is taped in the can't plus I don't watch any of it anyway but I'm reading about people ripping Chris Zelkovich in the uh... star just ripping them in ass for the fact that uh... they put stuff on tape and nobody knows whether it's taped or live or happened well and then the other deal he does he spends about five minutes on giving the results okay we don't want to resolve to put on a screen turn your eyes away luch and a wishou not but none of that bothers me as much as that to reno crap it's like it's like every cell and bc one showed that down your throat it's the everybody part of the p-cock and that's right no everybody's doing it no matter what channel you're watching it's is it is it reno is it a me c and said here where we got civilized people that you know got a brain about the rest of the world that don't need to come up in a road map every ten more than two blocks from home uh... you can say that it's a day i will never forget one area is your eyes present he's going on is going on and blind to his teeth and he's picked up at the nasty looking bitch to play a call thank it's hard to tell that bitch from a hurry of winning him we look real close i think it's the same person he's a real rather he's five sixty two eight show me yours i'll show you mine different shot rack o I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. Everybody's so low! No, they're supposed to be a s mer mandate for them. A hero. What the hell? She's so kind. Who in the world was被 got hooked on, Here! What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? It's 27, 24 or the hour. Whatever the hour is. 27, before one, are you kidding me? Holy cow. The way talking to sure was like about 230 already. And what I'd tell you yesterday, why do I know what those pictures Those Abu Abu Ghabri? I run our website. I think I was quick on there. I don't think that we had a huge look at it. Probably a lot of people didn't want to see all these scars. All that stuff, all the blood and the gore. Or that extra foot. Yeah, that was the extra foot. It's kind of a block. Yeah. In fact right under the right under the edict, Seenee, bird shooting thing. The quail shoot. The Australian, Australian, when you come him down, put him in a straight jacket. Okay. Just like Mr. Murphy. I do have a straight jacket. Australian TV that's how I heard this is a great one. Australian TV station releases new Abu Ghabri torture photographs. And you click on there and there's all the pictures, man. A little bunch of pictures from raw story. And that one is especially raw. How do you know, maybe he's got three feet. You know, I heard a wrecking people. You know, he becomes a sailor. I'm all feet today, you know. And all the or all thumbs. Maybe to thumb. It could be a foot or could be another thumb. Or maybe he's just got a growth. It means a growing guy. I don't know. Why would there it is for him? When you see a little thing with the Dick's, He bird shoot the quail shoot. And what did I tell you when we talked about that yesterday? It's going to be another reason for these people to give up. I'm over there all whipped up into a frenzy. New footage of British soldiers beating up down your vacuum in. Oh, no, that's not those pictures. This is the one the video the other day. Wait till they see these pictures. New footage of British soldiers beating up down your vacuum in. And I'm a Mara city in 2003. And it released here. The next video. The video is about the first video. I'm a tour guide. I'm a tour guide. A more photographs by the authorities by US soldiers against Iraqi. 18. D.T.E.S. Robert Grayerson is spread out. Raise your cross or rack. The timing of the new images is potent in the wake of the violence. Spread in throughout Iraq and much of the Muslim world. Over cartoons are profit by hamad. Carry by the Danish newspaper. Then we printed by other European publications. They're very good at those images off my screen. They're very good at these pictures. These occupiers of Basra are invaders. And we will not sell them any of their requirements. Now, GMAT. None of us will work with them any longer either. Not because you used to work with them inside their basement. Not no more. He refuses to go to work. We've decided to show our content for them in every possible way. But why the haters? Now, he said people are especially angry over the Danish military presence in Iraq. He said he had first accepted the presence of occupation forces. But now I think it's about time. We don't respect them since they're behaving in a very bad way. He'd be sad. After that footage of British troops beating the crap out of younger rackies with fist and batons, the government, the governorate of Basra. What does a governor rate? I don't know. An hostage has severed ties to the British military. This included cancelation of joint security patrols. Joint security patrols. We condemn any of these actions by British and American troops in Turkish-Venerable Union, people, former head city council or Basra governor of Noorate. Casim, Atah Al-Jabori, told IPF. All these names, basically. Like Johnston and Schwartz and Jones and Smith. All signs are same to me. I mean personally, I like something fancy. Yeah. 560560, pound-560, I mean Verizon singular, wireless lines. Galbi at two mad dog at four or after that. It's UN Basketball with our A-Wall program director, Clarence Sashartz. Well, I'll take an F-situation as like a gigantic tumor man. Like a giant cancer. See, I don't know about you, but I'd sit that child. I keep repeating this, but I'm not trying to tell you how to do their job. I'm just telling you about my management style, how would be. I'd sit his pucky little last down the chair in a corner, you know. I would tie it, those like those electric wires to his toenails. And I would just tell him, look, make up your mind. You want to be a program director of a major marketing important radio station, or you want to be a little boy sports cast to do an easy one. If you want to be a UN pucky audio life man, you want to be micro-synsal junior. Make up your mind, Clarence. What do you want to be? Who do you want to be today? Remember that last year when my paycheck and a whole deal, I had to go through a whole song dancing to go involved in that. Couldn't get it done. And now this deal here yesterday, when the day is almost over, he finally emails me a song in a net, and then he takes off. And that's it. Of course, that's assuming you believe Todd Drec's story. Who do you believe? Who does Josh believe? You believe, Clarence and Todd Drec. I don't know what was supposed to have had. Who does Josh believe? Um, none of these both. Yeah. Okay. I got a comment there. Okay. Oh, no. Now you can just like George, appreciate you being telling that one. He has on one of them. Oh, no. This patient doesn't even want to. Don't you have direct deposit? I do. Well, so what does that got you? That's you. That's not a little bit of your paycheck. No, he's salary my ass. His salary depends on Clarence. That's like saying that my salary depends on Clarence. No, it's not like saying that. Oh, okay. Here's doesn't. No. I want about yours. Yeah. To an extent. It depends on Clarence. Well, the one of you so to be honest these days. Jesus. So who do you believe? I don't know what was supposed to have happened. What were you told? I wasn't told anything. Oh, well, then I believe that. What do you think I was so pissed off about? Exactly. And still, P.O. You don't know what I'm supposed to do. I'm supposed to do somebody a favor and do this and do that because the beast leaves on them on A and God directs don't want to lose his command. Okay, fine. I always try to be cooperative and then return what you get. I slap right in the face and a good. Don't pick any ass man. I'll cover. I'll cover the moon don't shine. If Todd told me you were gay, I'd go look up for your girlfriend. There you go. And if you're trying to tell me the Todd Dreck is a friverer. He'd run a BS artist. I would immediately respond by saying. That's the little little reps. Right. But also, if I were to tell you that current is a slack or different gay thing done because he's too busy worried about being a little boy sports guy. I think that would also say, so you put that together and say lethal, volatile combination. That kids absolutely nothing bad except making Todd Dreck a bunch of money. Well, I've had a very good year for it. Huh? Is that what we're here for? Well, we're all here to do that. But then not everybody else's expense, so to make Todd Dreck money. We're all doing that. Oh, well, of course. That was what I was saying. And you know what my response is? Yeah. I don't want to. I don't want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to go to box. Maybe that'd be a great game for Mattel. As Mattel still in business would be swear to tell Todd in a box. Wouldn't have to be a big box. He's just a little guy kind of funny-looking. What'd it be? Jack in the box. Todd of the thing. Are you starting with a JFK jokes again? The best cartoon character of all time. No actually that was a guy in Kalamazoo. Michigan. I figured what his name was. He went on the year after in 63 and he said. All I think of always wonder was a jack in the box. Jack and a box and they fired his ass and right on a cell 1161 votes the best cartoon character of all time bugs bunny two ten boy they love bugs Homer Simpson 132 Cartman is making a little move from soft part 123 while he couty in the road runner 75 was not the like Rocky and Volanke are making air move now 53 they're on the move bevis in but head 48 Tom and Jerry 41 Superman 40 and Batman 38 Mickey Mouse 32 that's all i'm reading Charlie Brown's under twice right one right after the other whether why's that if you put them together he's got 49 votes how come Charlie Brown's under twice the asked i thought i thought i i tried to get them separated i thought i tried to get Charlie and Snoopy just separated well we originally had that done and it was uh and now we got Charlie Brown twice and Snoopy so you put it all together you got about 4 million votes now the good news is i think i've seen it here before alpharity newman got a vote oh yeah hallelujah for the southward audience man and winning the one i've already had one who wasn't in the have any i don't know elmer fudge only got to like i said this is like like jacet this is a tragic point this is a little run-in so this is a little bit of a deep oh my god oh my god Jason stands for nothing very man alone he's had a turn of yet but none of his painful is the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose and now Barry's saying about it in his brand this CD can't smell without you with fractured versions of Barry's hits like kovacabana as well as a remastered in really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact but that's not all Barry nanals can't snow without you is swollen with hits you nose and love like i break the shnard i made it through the pain looks like i broke it and a title dressed with Barry's trademark hook very manalose can't snow without you walk into a wall mark and pick up a copy today oh i got to a bad cartoon spirit of a very manalone bad music okay and bad snouses old ancient both depressing Nancy oh Nancy and slug oh yeah and little orphan Annie okay i bet you chicken i can remember to go for them oh bad i never understood the whole Nancy and slug or thing they weren't funny yeah just they well didn't already preface my thing i said you did somebody will like it don't get a voter two or three Nancy and uh little orphan Annie i think she was gonna like short fat fanty by Larry Williams on at co-recus i'm gonna short fat fanty the rescue member then i have a short fat fan you got it you got short fat fanty by Larry Williams i have a short video many dollars if you got it there right now a bootnut no you know a bootnut oh you really got it oh what year is that more less oh geez you're up to look it up no i got fanty by the bg's no we don't want to hear that that's it we're sorry must have been a crazy guy and don't start with the bg's you already the whole show on the bg's and that's probably killed us it was like doing a hockey show love the short fat fan other whims may 1957 holy moron man what that's not even 50 years ago only 49 la hooda la ria Williams they're on at co-record short fat fanty's an novelty record was cute i'm at least his match wk mho 2 a m yes sir okay welcome to autopilot radio very good okay let's say the pink fan through this oh my god how could they we blew it man you know it's been really really really said a word but you just said they're left your as well right thanks pali you got it and old huh he was breaking up i didn't hear he said the pink panther oh yeah i might even have that then i've been a dinner now uh yeah Peter cell is just turning over and he's great we don't want to talk about Steve Martin or anything other you know you know it's interesting right you understand that it's number one no you understand that very man what was the number one came on the chart on the hot hundred uh on the hot 200 albums as the number one album very man well came on the first week number one so you put all those together what you got put all these important you got you got this vice president out there bird uh hunting and bird dog and shooting guys you got the president who's a little bit dangerous how what do you got that's it there it is you have me you're happy you're happy the one who did it i thought it was gonna be a good kind of happy now i thought it was a little bit of a singing but what do i know oh it's a massive my passion you have to be with the boss all the uh on the same show we're in a coma 40 on every hour but that's how the community co-banks me no but i can't say it through uh so i can't know about part two but it sounds like a bunch of crap to me that's a blessing Norman Solomon writes on common dreams that were Norman Solomon you're okay i wonder if he's can know that was Abraham Solomon that was my grandfather died long before i was born AB Norman Solomon maybe someday i'll meet old AB Solomon if i probably pretty soon to weigh this if it's uh doing they're killing me man you're killing me red you guys are happy you and a hank maybe two of you can look i'm gonna be happy about yet well that's that's what i can try to tell you you like to make a premature valuation man i'm not making any at all yes you are well i'm making one and so far over three is out of good batting air all of it i try to like uh welcome people with open arms and legs man and try to say hey everything is great and we're all i ask is one one little thing that's all one thing make a call get somebody to do there's somebody else to do some that's that's all remember what Archie Belcher said what's that patience is a voyagen it's a voyagen that's what he said change these dodge taking responsibility when digtainy suffered surface on Wednesday long enough for an interview with Fox news eminence rid hum and event that CNN's jack carefully like it's only before promptly like and do body interviewing Clyde device presidential spin emerged from a time-worn bag of political tricks teeny took responsibility whatever that means the New York Times website swerfle made its top headline chaney takes focus possibility for shooting hunter just before Fox news channel aired interview segments of life is summary for anchor hum told viewers that chaney accepted floor responsibility for the incident hours later the Washington Post front page to read this way vice president chaney said that floor responsibility yesterday i runically while news outlets keep using the phrase for responsibility the transcript of the interview post on Fox news dot com shows that chaney never used any form of the word responsibility whatever they're exact words the politicians who can't avoid acknowledging culability or often the beneficiaries of excessive media plot it for supposedly owning up to what they've done wrong but those politicians rarely do more than just what to spend doctor ordered it's not brave even forst right from official or spreser contrition that seems advisable for a PR standpoint when it convicted defendant voices remorse is before sentencing the statement is often viewed as little more than a boy dictated by circumstances but when a politician ostensibly takes responsibility the court of public opinion most of the media coverage of taxes great significant to an essentially hollow statement that's a transparent effort to extinguish a scandal fueled firestorm and almost every instance when a politician takes responsibility with great fanfare there's no penalty attached to the proclamation across the terrain of political media the i take responsibility maneuver is the equivalent of a hit run driver offering an over the shorter yellow sorry about that while speeding away from the grizzly scene sorry mister on July 30th not 30 minutes 2003 several months after the occupation of a rack began president bush held a news conference while u.s. forces continue the search and vein for those wmd's high up in a front page story in the or times reported that bush took responsibility for the first time for an assertion in a state of union address about a rax nuclear weapons program that turned out to be based on questionable intelligence of the must be talking about his bush told reporters i take personal responsibility for everything i say of course i also take responsibility for mechanisms on war and peace and i analyzed a throw body of intelligence good solid sound intelligence that led me to come to the conclusion that it was necessary to remove the solemn was saying from power in that instance is in so many others the president's declaration about taking responsibility was nothing more than hot air for inflated rhetoric a dodged an divert attention from indefensive elections and evidently sections last year on September 13th the white house the president said Katrina exposed serious problems in our response capability all levels of government and to accept that the federal government didn't fully do its job right i take responsibility policy during the five months since then if compounded the administration's deadly negligence and response to Katrina underscore that i've originally significance of the i take responsibility scan when bread human dignity did their fox trot they were performing the kind of spectacles we've seen many times on tv never correspondence and powerful politicians know the boundaries and the steps their footwork may look simple but it's fancy and well practiced contrary to pretense the probing journalist doesn't probe too much and the forecoming politician merely huckers down with the new twist and so it goes whether the media for her has to do with a quail hunt or lethal negligence connection with a hurricane or chronic deception for a war top officials may finally up to take responsibility but that's nothing more than a propaganda technique for those who do lying is an essential means of governance i wonder what i didn't include regret in there too by the or high-grade high-end of the okay good luck to you get out you lost clear at that this and that office although i don't take all the good stuff because if you get for auction online you know i mean Josh is going to be busy with that power ninety six thing and this show and marlin stuff he's going to be a busy beaver man but i know who could run or we don't get it if it's a lot of money what do you think sorry listen to the tv oh for two to run no 1256 at q a m your auto pilot station oh boy it's the one to two hour god boys never this bad back in my day good night in good lord close to total board Munich was long it made me snore we were with her school and played my juniper catch better than dill and or she'd all in cranky with i had a chance with recent sack because you go black you don't go back i'll be looking down from heaven at night watching the awards on my satellites if we don't win well then the heavenly choir will help me bring powering of fire hello jolly care i'll take a one thing old Todd pen and kill sure is out of a good Johnny cash don't he as he does all right as a portrait on the wreck now how come Johnny cash can be beyond alive and uh Todd rectly and that box anyway now you know who Barbara star is at penagan course upon around CNN who looks like he was definitely a guy i'm gonna say she looks like a guy barbed wire slices it's a guy you're in t's he's got a big package it's wooden zane right man colder kiermi skate hill uncommon dreams rights on CNN the real obu grave scouts right obu gar reskand was the photos not the abuse on CNN the certainly not news network who belong in hell CNN's Pentagon correspondent Barbara star should be given some kind of awards for the most outrageously off target reporting on the newly released photos and videos of u.s. torture and abuse of prisoners at obu gar rib prison uh in Iraq and her no more appearances during the morning news cycle on CNN after the images were first broadcasts on Australia's s bs tv star described what he saw is the root of the obu gar rib prison scandal as such let's start by reminding everybody that under u.s. military law and practice the only photos that can be taken are official photographs for documentation purposes about the status of prisoners whether a military detention that's it anything else is not acceptable and of course that is what the obu gar rib prison scandals all about what here i thought this scandal was at the u.s. military was systematically abusing prisoners these new photos with the documentation of violently inflicted open wounds obliterate a notion of what occurred at obu gar rib was anything short of torture by all except the definitions of the term that we vote reveal some horrifying scenes of naked humiliated blooded prisoners some of the parent gunshot wounds maybe the chain was over there for a while and if you brought cast on Australia's s bs naked hooded prisoners were seeing being forced to masturbate from the camera but according to CNN star the real transgression was that some sort of documented the torture and violation of u.s. military law and practice in a later report that in the morning star returned to our rages character received in the scandal beginning her report by saying as we look at a couple of the photos that's remind people that's why these are so inappropriate on u.s. military law and practice and procedure you simply cannot take photographs as we're going to show you something right now you cannot take photographs of people in detention in humiliating positions positions there are abusive in any way shape or form the only pictures that are ever allowed are people in the US military detention would be pictures for documentation purposes and clearly these pictures are not that that is the whole issue that's been at the root of the obu gar rib prison scandal that it was abusive the practices in which soldiers and gaves it if you're not take photographs of people in detention in humiliating positions the listen that are abusive in any way shape or former court of star but apparently it is okay to place the police in these humiliating abusive positions or to at least not worth commenting on these reports on CNN star continued to report describing Pentagon reaction to the newly released photos but the Pentagon certainly is not happy that these pictures these additional pictures which had not been distributed publicly in the past the Pentagon is not happy that they're out and the reason is the Pentagon had filed a lawsuit trend of event in publication the US out of concern they say that it was spark violence in the air board of cd's photos and then it would put US military forces at risk the release of the photos will spark the violence no US torture a prisoner spark massive outrage and justifiably so more over this outrage and not just be confined to the Arab world but to be felt everywhere especially in the US besides Pentagon law is it already tried this defense in federal court and a judge rule that fear of facing the consequences of your actions is not a legitimate defense star concluded another report saying the Pentagon is concerned that if the images appear in the Islamic world they're concerned they will incite unrest in the Islamic world and therefore put US military troops at risk CNN anchor Zain Virgil then shot back and they were swiftly put on Iran Arab TV as you say they're out there they've worse hopefully put on Arab TV is there something TV is about that is Arab TV somehow committing some transgressions against freedom and democracy by broadcasting the same images that were first put up by Australian TV in a country that bush things as ally all the images of torture at Abu Ghara living in public as a Center for Constitutional Rights and ACLU have been fighting for because there are an accurate representation of what's been happening and continues to happen and US run and supported Gulags around the world when and if there released barbistar should be reminded that she's supposed to be a Senate reporter at the Pentagon not a Pentagon's supposed for a spokesperson to see an end bitch oh brother do I hate that CNN they give me shifilkeys I mean I love Todd Rekham period of the way I feel about CNN is that let's call it out for you clearly no God they just they make me nauseous they know bash all these little sucklings man is sucking up in kissy kissy Lou Dobbs who had his two moments of a righteous indignation lies Friday and I was in that all these phony's man of course wolf blitz rig who's the champion of all that and of course you're very favorite Mrs. Limbaugh oh yeah I can't use to be a little bit like all that right wingism is rubbing off on her ass he talks her boobs into her belt really well you know something I bet you that's not all she talks in yeah that's right like buffalo bill yeah that's it and you know why she does it oh I wasn't doing so much well it works the lotion in the and puts the oxy in rushes push oh speaking of people who are above the law like rush and like your president and vice president and like the Pentagon Jackson's custody of kids up hell you see for justice I guess we gotta go to Don Corneon all right maybe Don Corneon could take care of Todd Rek Michael Jackson Wayne Gresky all of the all of these issues you know like remember Michael I'm settling all family business today first I'll be there for the baptism of Connie's baby I'm gonna be good on first I'm gonna be godfather Connie's baby that's what I'm gonna remember that and then I'm taking care of family business and appeals court in LA wins they reinstated order granting Michael Jackson's soul custody of his two children with his x-wife Debbie row I would more I believe he was very to Tommy row despite her concerns over the singer's child molestation trial this goes to justice California's second district court of appeals rule that row who in 2001 signed away her parental rights to the 47 year old performers to hold his children Michael's junior and Paris had no legal grounds to terminate that arrangement row who was married to Jackson from 97 and 99 elites but never lived with a self-style king of plop for a slight in LA superior court judge who overturned the child custody agreement in 2004 on legal grounds row as petition said in accusation of child molestation against Jackson and as association with a nation of Islam whose members briefly provided security for the singer during the trial big black tiny men was their two-zimatter fact the molestation case and well we know that after the law court refused Jackson's request to overturn that order he appealed to the second district which ruled in favor of the entertainer and held at the original order to terminating rose parental rights should stand row who was working as a medical assistant for a dermatologist when she met Jackson was called as a I'm a she thinks he got how many million is she got 30 man at least something like that yeah and now all of a sudden she's got his righteous information like she really cares about her kids or anything else yeah her she sold her children for a nasty bitch to a pet a few was called as a prosecution witness and his trial but defended him on the stand same when he was a kind selfless in generous to a fall well so there you go for about 30 million you probably lie to and I'd like like crazy that's my wouldn't tell my children though I think you're actually doing for like 30 bucks well maybe one of me would add rather bill for 30 mil though it's a nice lie now you better watch your pees and cues man quit talking about that price closet otherwise somebody's gonna get on your ass what I'm just telling him given a little advice okay I've been around the block in this station man for eight plus years now I know where the bodies are buried I don't know what you're talking about yeah yeah you do trust me when I tell you after the show by the well give you some pointers on it uh whole uh website deal there's a great scam waiting for that and it just get real close to Greg he's got boxes and boxes for a good stuff Jackson who has spent much of his time since the trial in boss foray and has a third child Prince Michael the toothed by an unknown mother also by an unknown father of course he was married to Lisa Marie another Scientologist how come Lisa Marie wasn't in the closet with uh John Revolta and with uh Tommy Cruz and with uh Arkelie yeah I know Michael could be there's only one room for one pedophile if is that it yeah but Lisa Marie another Scientologist right now you better not pick out him Scientologist man because I come I'm showing up and you're right in the clock in the morning that's right yeah great on go ahead and know like Tyster Tom Cruz post is all of your front door I got overlord designew in my pocket WQAM hello how am I about what he would take her he's on his son I'm sorry hey Neil yes uh you know there's a track record of how can I have traffic I agree somebody QAM hello Neil yes sir hey one for the pool okay uh fog going right home fog or later or actually it is good yeah I was okay you know you go ahead hello while you guys had a poor on TV shows that people watch over and over again why don't say she doesn't get a little raise just repeat your eight is there you're 10 to 12 hours from 2 to 4 yeah it's a little mostly going up nothing up nothing up nothing up no no no no no we wouldn't you know most people are in an adult they don't hear everything yeah and it would believe me most people are working this stage not in and out all day if you can't find her uh no and that that business has been a little overexposed if you have part of that expression I'm not a good idea and it's like WSU and revisited oh if you like Neil for four hours today how about 30 hours a day huh yeah and if you like 30 hours a day how about 70 that was that S.U.N.D. a man who wants to think about that again sure was my house defect of the huh oh yeah cost of it well that's cost broadcasting for me what about to geniuses real rocket science is oh my god this will industry is such a swill you know do I hope not I'm my only the only good thing I can say about is I make a lot of money that's the idea when there are too many of us are doing that there are few of us but other than that this is this industry just blows in fact it's almost going to inspire me to to yank out these disks you know I'm just like those WKR and the C.K.L.W. Jingles or here's the C.K.L.W. history how much of that's in trillion you know this is a little taste okay maybe maybe a Mike Lance is out there because here is what I know what he would pick her and the Walter Lance how about Walter Saber but here 19 16 1961 1962 1963 1964 65 same shapeers my favorites hi everybody this is Dave Schafer I've taken the time out here to introduce to you now our newest member to C.K.L.W. and I hope that you will welcome him and make him feel at home Mr. Terry night my Terry night here for knowledge of the clock of the great A.B. the regular little guy my name is Winservating we are making it do I let's go listen there minute by minute for C.K.L.W. Radio News and nobody has an astroland husky he'll be living oh my god I'm near that in the Cooldon's age man he'll be having for the husky every here that before capital record I used to play it you play he'll be the heaven what I filled in for the country I wonder if I bet you Johnny Cash is up there singing a hillbilly have a right now you know you think let's be I don't know if they're doing drugs I don't have that particular furland husky oh so why we have it oh man I love that country music not I'm gonna buy me a double why I'm just locked myself in there listen to cut to music Marty Robbins in a white sport coat and a pink carnation I knew like that you got that if you got that what do you see some good about your down a halo way you're in a sentence you have a problem I don't have uh that one has a pencil on it no pencil on it and I also have this oh that's a little too hunky talking for me remember hunky talk by Bill Dawkins yeah that was the talk that was a name up okay that's enough set him dark hunt with a 14 already if you am finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital table on demand is easy to use has lots to love and today you can try for only 34 99 a month for three months why is TV so much better with on demand for a start you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whatever you want it's revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including pre movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control with on demand you can start stop pause rewind fast forward programs using that remote you sure can't get all I was satellite without 250 channels full time demand you can build your own TV schedule who could possibly ask for more and best of all on demand is free when you had Comcast digital table so pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you ever might got a lot without it call today order Comcast digital cable HBO at the power of on demand for only 34 99 a month for three months and date call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast this is a meal Rogers this is 516 28 Andy Lich Wrenio you are like me you're the guy why left and perspective we only find them bros about her. She lets me wear her clothes. Well, I'm proud of these country transvestites. I'm right. And I love the world, the girls go all day. I'll pay. Laced brah, a print in flowers, a silk in neck, a shape now. I'm still a module to get. I hope you learn this dance. Hard form was a big black mustache. Been a six pack in my hand. But when I go out for him, I'll do it well with toys. All words, trafists, eating down in a nosegate, all my ribs. If I'm proud to be country transvestites, I'm a lifter. You know, the world, the girls, clothes, all things. I'll pay. I'll buy lips, tease my heart, sleep in loads of rain. Now I'll lie to the way I'm living. Don't get me by my clothes. I'm an old American, he's a man. I love legs, and I'll sew the look at it. I'll put out your lines. And the last thing you'll remember is a fucker in fish n' at times. Get some pants, the babies. Country transvestites. And I love the world, the girls, clothes, all things. I'll pay. I'm paying. Painted lips, padded hips, my shape leg, don't just play. Yes, I'll pay. Country transvestites. No, no, no, no. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Stopping me, something's weird. I tend to sell my hair. I'm proud to be a country transvestite. I'm gonna get the panting hold on here. Nobody'll get a run. You know, I hate that. I hate that. You know, when you chip your nails, and that thing's black, so far, it's just terrible. You know, when you got to go back home, just go to the new nail-border zone. I always say, I'm up with something. You could just put it on the part that you wouldn't have to do it, everybody. You know what I'm playing? I could use a bubble by it. I really could. And I'm going to go to a shop. I am, I'm sorry. 1245 Otsen, I pulled baby even though Otsen's a really sust today, but too bad. The best cartoon character role time. I'm just going to give you like a little taste. One little taste. It's going to fill what your daughter wants. Money. That's right. Write your whittle. 208. Homer Simpson 142. Carman from South Park 120. He's making a little move now. Winnie County in road runner 76. Rocky in Bullwinkle 508. Or is as, what's his name? What's the name? The former Louisville and UM coach Howard Smellie Burger. That's Bushman. That's Bushman. That was one of his favorite words. Never trusted guy to smoke some pipe. I can't just do it real tight in his mouth. Rocky in Bullwinkle 58. Vita said, but had 53. Charlie Brown 52. We got that straight now. Thanks Eric. Tom and Jerry 41. Superman 41. That man, Trinjaan and Mickey Mouse 33. Oloquo's Fred Flintstone and body rebel. Both God. We're going to be a third man. Together. Join us. We'll not have any. 560. 560. 660. And the rise in singing the wildest. I seem like only about 20. 30 hours ago. We sat down this morning. At least. WQAM. Hello. I can't go to the campus. 2M. K. Me. The last grade to the last grade P. On the sick K.L.W. You first in the motor. Stip with Gary Burbank along with Barnford, Gregor, and Rand of Carly. I was just not want to call about. My remember. What a set of high C.A. Anyway. Anyway. What I call about was. Have you still got Jamie tells his grandkids a bedtime story? That is one of the funniest bits and outs after all. Jamie tells his grandkids a bedtime story. And scared to pick him out of him. Ask George. It's around the summer. Are you planning on the long time? I've never heard of him. Never heard of him. Never heard of him. Well, I see the remember. I think I'm not going to be sure to say that. You're planning the kids. You're going to be tough. Maybe I heard of somewhere else. I think I'm not going to be. I think I'm not going to be. Okay. Good luck to this crowd. Maybe it's this. No. No. No. Not. Ain't that. You think it's this? No. Maybe this. This old man. Dick Jamie. He had an E.O.P. He had a heart attack. Had a leg. Got him a little so hard. That's the time he's not charming home. Hey, just the Elijah. I'm going to run this time with the president. I'm going to run this. This and with his name's Bush. He's a hemorrhoid and nut to shoo. We picked the guy who would die. So we be alone. There's nothing in his M.D. Oh. Oh. I think he's got a soda. Let's go to the net in. I remember that. He's been a little story book. Yeah. My pet goat. Yeah. He's the goat. All right. You may. I think it's changed the sheep and he to go. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, where Goli had two mad dog at four. And of course, that you am basketball game from Boston. They're playing Boston College. I bet you Josh will be hanging on every word on that. Won't you? Maybe we'll see. I doubt it. WM, it's line nine. Watch it. Q.A.M. Yes sir. I heard how about running stupid. I'm on a set. Okay. Good choice. Thank you. Thanks. What? Why me? How about I'm going to fast finger man. You better speak now or whatever. We're a whole to real tight. Right in Stimpy. I thought we had him on there. They are. I was pretty sure we did. He's tight with my memory. See, if you're going to old Kooten. I can't remember nothing. Right in Stimpy, you're already on it. But thanks. You're right for sunset. Let's see. Here is good. I got a theme here. Like Chinese. I said it. When I got a verified, the Rick Wabies doing a stock market thing on the internet. Somewhere. I just, I just about peed my pants when I heard that. That is going to be one of the most amusing things. Well, what is it? What is he calling? Redneck stock tips. I don't know. Stock cars and stock market. Yeah. And I mean, that's what it is. You got to see this. Maybe it's talking about stock car racing. Couldn't possibly be like stocks and bonds and stuff like that. You crap like that. And I do mean crap. What is that? Right in Stimpy. I remember when I was a kid. I remember the music. Do you like Redneck? It's so long. I remember when Stimpy was alright. I'll be dopey. You smoke. It's hard to remember what happened yesterday. I don't smoke no joke. It's funny. It's funny you mentioned it because it's so readily available here in people of any attention. And it's like people openly smoking it on the street corner. I'm thinking of taking it off now. Yeah. Oh, because of this place. I mean, it is radio station. It's driving me. Some people get driven to drink. I can't do that. Well, the double edge sword, you know, is a little call me down. But then you'll want to eat. So don't do it. Oh, not good. I mean, no. Especially when I got down to 190 this morning. Finally. That's what that is. That's what you need. Okay. How much of oxies would be good? Quarter of the zany bar. No, no, no, that's two dacthus. I can't even hear. Because he's over. Confused. That is the top. How many straight guys it like used? Poppers. I sure hope that would happen. That would have been another good one for the full of the incident. Oh, yeah, like locker room. The. Oh, that is the one. That was just melon cramps. That's what you're talking about, right? The little jars. Yeah, right with it. Yeah. My God. It's like sniffing glue. There. No, much worse than that. The smell will just drive you to commit suicide. Makes everything yellow to a lot of, uh, Queens. Gave into that cramp. 27 passed one in five, 60 WQAM. It comes to matrices. Speaking of who you're sleeping with. A lot of gimmicks on there. The latest are asleep numbers. Otherwise, no one is air matrices. And believe me, this is hot air at its finest. They're only warranted and full for two years. They squeak. They popped. And they lose their setting during the night. Probably at the worst possible time, too. And it cost a fortune. And arm and 17 legs. If you really want a high quality brand name mattress. That'll last you for years. New year's. You sure is how to know what to do now. Just sit there on your fat pimple. I just make that one easy call to dial a mattress. One eight hundred mentors. That's what I've been doing for years now. Every time I need a new mattress. When you call that number to get no run around. No show room shenanigans. Just factory-dried price and the best brands that you know in trust. When you call one eight hundred mattress. You'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of seamy. Surtha Simmons. Teen quail tempered pita. Stewards of an analyst foster. Albany for same-made liberate prices lower than the so-called big-name chain stores. Even their supposed big sales. Call that number. One eight hundred mattress. You can have the baby want to live at the date and time. You want to. You'll pay the delivery time. Whoever he to that. But they let you do it in a two-hour delivery window. That's convenient for you. Like noon to two, one to three, two to four, etc. And I've got a lot of certified customer-adventures for years. And I guarantee you, I'll buy you the water mats these life on it that you will be too. Call one eight hundred mattress right now. No be there in no time at all. Knock-and-down-you-door. A lot of their website, ventures.com. One eight hundred MATT-R-E-S-L-O-Colaster. Because it stands for Stoopendus Saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight six five. I can't baby. Got to change my whole thing. It's quick. Twirling kind of goes. There's a lady with a face. Or that's not wrong. There's her nervous感 surgeons. Giving you that toes and so on. But they just give me the feet and they choose anyone. But I'm so thankful to those who are too. Instead of discussing, I'm afraid. So that's going to be a friend. A dog without the face. But showing me the pictures of her wounds. One for the other song. A sermon just can't look at that face and you won't. So I'm sure George is fighting by that and things like very tasteless and I think that when I was doing that, the DCNs couple nights ago. I don't know who cares. Right. What? Okay. I think she ought to demand a refund. That's my take. Okay. A makeover. Let me 50%. Maybe they could add like Joan Rivers on there. One of those stupid TV makeover shows. And they're a cruel heartless bastard. That's correct. We haven't told you two. We got a gal to come up top of the RF. We haven't had that. That is where I don't have half of those drop-ins. But that's alright. I could have been gathering together a little by little. I'll put them on a CD for you. That's a lot of your talk. I also got a new one. Who'd they go? Yeah. What is that? He knows. He's talking about trash and salary again. Or yours. Talking about my tagging. Golf is Macintosh arrested for domestic violence. Police arrested dolphins offensive tackle Damian McIntosh and domestic violence charges. After allegedly pushed his wife to the Florida and argument yesterday morning official said, Officers arrived at Macintosh's debut home in the 2100 block of links Avenue to about 10 30 yesterday morning and referenced to an 11-call. Macintosh's wife 27 called the police from a bathroom. We're officers found her unresponsive and laying face down on the floor. The rest reports it. When officers asked Macintosh what happened, the rest reports that he showed the mistake on the west side of the house and said, we got into an argument. I pushed it to the floor. She had her head pretty hard. Police tried to interview his wife, but she was incoherent and unable to speak the rest reports. If you suffered a possible head injury, we're taking a Cleveland footage in Westland. I wonder if she's Westland comfortably. Macintosh 20 and who started 30. Second of games. The left pack of elephants was arrested on blockcotted domestic violence and booked on the fellow eight sergeant, the brow county main jail. Macintosh 64, 320 pounds attended MacArthur High School in Hollywood and later started Kansas State. We understand the serious nature of the charges and certainly don't condone it anyway. The telecomic which has been led to Dolphins coach Nick Sabin. However, we won't make a comment about this specific matter until we collect more information. It's fine. I mean, it got so many criminals on our team and that organization anyway. That's like we're always with a Randy McMichael. There you go. And who is that guy that like could try to offer himself by like a token or something that's the one from Michigan State? I can't forget in his name. Me too. Jim Lendick. You know what I'm talking about though? I do. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's all serious of these guys. And anyway, that's and it was Mark Duper wasn't it that was someone I was not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. So let me ask you again. You think it's side drag or our clearance. A wrong question. Republican senators criticized the Bush administration yesterday over its policies in Iraq, Iran and the Palestinian territories. A secretary of state, Condor, Lee's here's rise for his testimony. Capital, a little more exposed here to what tough grilling from some members of our own party who looked at Condor, Lee's here and said it. You're fair. I don't see madam secretary. How things are getting better. I think things are getting worse. I think they're getting worse in Iraq. I think they're getting worse in Iran. Senator Chuck Hagle of Nebraska told Rice and she appeared before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Rice also had a 10-6 James with moderate Republican Senator Lincoln, Chafey of Rhode Island over the past of progress toward Israeli Palestinian peace. An implication of the homostatic, re-emposting legislative legislation's last month. Typically soft spoken, Chafey personally questioned whether the West could have prevented Hamas from coming to power. Opportunities missed Chafey lamented after rattling off a list. Opportunities missed after reading a laughing or a laughing off a list. Well, let's wrap it off too on our website. Now we have very, very disastrous situation of a terrorist organization winning elections. As a matter of fact, figuring out websites, I was just thinking of somebody who could partner with Eric and make a line of money on our website. Especially if we could break into Greg's office before he takes everything out. Rice said she agrees it's a difficult moment for the peace process, but responded, I don't think the USA is responsible for the election for Hamas, though I don't. But it would be for the boot put about here, right? Imamah. Imamah is so sox and hell. Condor, Lee's here. Let's play the original one right now. Do it. That, that, that, that, that, that. Bitch. Oh, and this is what America is becoming. And I will say this. I'm going to preface my, this story by just saying this. I despise the virulent anti smoking thing that people write because, you know, I used to be a smoker all last a long time ago in college. Newport's fight against the real thing. That's what I thought it. But anyway, and so I've always been very offended by these people. If you don't want to be around people, so you're less smoking, get away from people of the state. So just go to rest around where there's no smoking or whatever. But anyway, I will say this to the falls you casino Niagara Falls. I like woodbion. I can't say too much good about woodbion because the ambiance there is like, you know, toilet. But Niagara Falls, casino is beautiful as falls you as the brand new one. They love smoking. I don't know how long it's going on because I think I think it's only a city to run or think we're all the smoking bands going on. Public places. But the people sit next to you and I'm a sheen man. And even if you got a good machine, you don't want to get moved. It's because somebody is smoking. And what they do is they're not only smoking, but the smoking direction. But they also hold the faggot in the right hand in such a way that the cigarette smoke is whafing. You know what I'm talking about. And the tears are forming in your eyes. And I don't want to start being a bunch of boss about it. Like put that faggot down or put it out. You get out of here already. But it does bug me. Maybe you should get some gambling goggles. That would be a good idea. A gambling mask. A scheme. There you go. But you're going to air supply. Right. And I think that's not that big on them. The new Calabas is second hand smoke ordinance, which would purpose smoking. All public areas of the city, including parks, sidewalks and outdoor businesses will take effect by the middle of March. City officials and Calabas is California said. Final passion. And so all of that. And in fact, this probably is old news even though it's on air. Why was it on air today? Or it is old news. This website, the acorn is who had this on their website. I think probably then Samuels. He didn't get with it. Old in sandals, by the way, is also a guy. Do you know that? You know, it's a real thing with Barbara Starr. I would explain it a lot. Officials from the Hill. And that explains why she was so enthralled with Shepherd Smith. Oh, chef this and chef that. Yeah, chef this. And this whole of Fangheg thing. So this story is already outdated. Anyway, what to deal with is that there are outdoors indoors on your roof. No, no way. Last month, California became the first state to declare second hand tobacco smoke. A toxic air pollutant they said. How do you like that? And a state where the pollution coming up. And of course, that's a spell that is sell. A real expensive gas in California. It's like whatever it is. That's it. No, New York talking about that different kind of gas in your car because of the pollution problem out there. It's almost as bad as aroma. You know, there's one thing games in aroma and Faranza and Venetia and Bolonia and Munshin. You know those? No. And Padiji. Yeah, what if they were one of the games in Paris for they say Padiji? Yeah. Padiano for Paris. All you phone is on your brand-way. Dick, Dick ever saw as the antichrist to tell you right now. I hope that he and Todd Ratt will scheme together. Remember, Sonny Bolero and that Kennedy guy? Yes, I do. I hope with the same name. He's off. And he knows the first day I didn't see any because I'm not watching it. But on the news case, they keep showing his crap. The very first day, they were like, have it all these wild accidents and skiers break in their neck and and they'll these losers losing like crazy and like just unbelievable. It's kind of like an S&M contest. Isn't for the way supporting competition, right? But can I say M. Watch some lunatic do this massacre specifically in trying to kill a cell. It's a new rodter. This is behind my evil community in the past. Something my crowd met friend. Hi, this is Clay Akin. Thank you for making my new single the number one song in America. Yeah, girls listen. Yes, we all have our moments hard difficult times when our little friend comes to this. I know what you're thinking. Clay, is it true? Did you have menstrual cramps like us? Why of course I do. And that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and pain-canner has asked me America's favorite G.C. to endorse the onew American Mido. American Mido. For those times you feel bloated, you're cramping and you feel just downright bitchy. You know, when you're well, you're aching. American Mido. And you're like me, Clay Akin. The guy down who finished second to that no talent, Rubin' stuttered. And you know, I still can't believe you people voted him as your American idol. I mean, I had no idea if there were so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone. I mean, why did all of you call from the payphone at the onew can he feel safe like? I mean, really? I have no idea what's going on. American Mido. For those times when life seems a little unfair, you're something is directed. Sir, think you're Clay Zagan. Sorry, I was across the river. I'm sure he's aching. Oh, well, I was just reaching for something. I'm not that. U.S. lawmakers formally asked the Bush administration today to reconsider its approval of a sale giving that company in the United Arab Emirates control over significant operation that six major American ports including Miami. Remember that story today? Yes, I said it. Very disturbing. The lawmakers including four senators and three house members sharply criticized the UAE as inconsistent in support of U.S. anti-terrorism efforts. But you're smart in heads. They also said the country was a key transfer point for shipments of nuclear components into Iran, North Korea, and Libya, and was one of only three nations that recognized the Taliban as Afghanistan's legitimate government. Outstressing on the operations of our largest ports to a country where they do be a threat on terrorism is a homeland security and commerce accident waiting to happen. Said Trump sure more of New York, the administration needs to take another look at this deal. Keep our cook. Take another look. The Bush administration defended its approval of the sale. He spoke to them for the White House National Security Council of Frederick Jones said today that security implications of the airport rigorously reviewed. Right. rigorously reviewed. I'll tell you one thing. You want to fly easy. Do you think? Oh, no thanks. No. Anyway. So a short shoot was at the L.D. I'll go ahead and do it. This one says this and this one said that. But it would push comes to sure. Maybe it would have been high one anyway. I prominent attorney who represented the United Arab Investor Kirk Korkoyan was in died of yesterday for his alleged role in illegal wire tapping scheme involving Hollywood celebrities and executive that's already ensnared. Nigh others. Terry Christianson. I wonder if he's kidding a Hayden Christianson. I Hayden Christianson. Who looks good with a lot of makeup on man. I'm going to tell you. The side of the way that said about that movie, Shadow Glass. I don't think we talked about it on the air. We got enough. Not a good movie. It's about Stephen Glass who wrote for the New Republic and he fabricated all those stories. And then their answer was not water because then it came to any of just a classic liar, a very in-kid, but just unbelievable compulsive liar. You just got to make enough all this stuff and make enough stuff. And that's not the deal. Yeah. In the New Republic. Well, that'll teach him right anyway. They deserve it. They made it turned to the right anyway. Terry Christianson. Sixty-five of Beverly Hills was charged with more counter conspiracy. And what kind of intercepting wire communications if convicted of both accounts, he could face up to ten years in a slumber in federal prison. Prosecutors alleged that Christianson conspired with private investigator Anthony Pelacano, who's named Anzana, and uh, right to illegally wire-tapped the phones of Concordians former wife, Lisa Vomber Concordian, who was involved in a court battle against the unnamed Christensen client. He allegedly paid Pelacano at least a hundred grand for the wire-tapped court document show. She's not to shame what a waste of money to get a bet that on a basketball game. Christians had used the information, gleam from illegal wire-tapped to secure tactical events in litigation by learning Lisa Botter Concordian's plans, strategies, perceived strides and weaknesses, other confidential information. A previous indictment on CLS weeks that information gathered by Pelacano when the socials was used for threats, blackmailing some cases to tilt litigation. Federal investigators have named the client to disclose if they may have known about his methods. However, the court documents did reveal that the phones of actors saw the best of stolen and keep caretting were tapped. In addition, the names of more than sixty people included comedians Gary Chandling and Kevin Neelon were once replaced in government databases. Why would anybody want to tap Gary Chandling's phone? I know the C.P. is really Jewish. Legal experts believe the wire-tapping scandal could unlock some of Hollywood's shady dealings and implicate some of the industry's power players. How do you like that? Well, good. Throw them all on jail together. They're all bullshit. They're all bullshit. What are those old bunch of crooks? Thank God, we work for a really honest company. So anyway, we get back to the thing on our website. Okay, let's take a look at this up. I don't know what you're so quiet about. I think it's a great idea. I think it's a splendid idea. See if you're close friend of Grace, since you're body with him so much on his way out. See if he wants to donate like curtains and curtains full of stuff that we can, we can pedal right on our website on eoroges.com. Make millions. We'll throw grab the occasional bone. The best cartoon character of all time, we got the 12.91. We're going to have over 13 episodes. So there's that lost little puppy dog, I don't know, she. I feel so bad. A little greyhound. Minutes are greyhound. I don't feel bad. Why not? Oh, no. And I feel good because it all got away from those bastards. Right. Hello. You people are squatting children in the old dogsmen and strut around. They're like, I'm not. See, don't you understand everybody is laughing at you. Don't you understand that they're not applauding for you. They're applauding for the dogs having a ball stick out there and not put up with your crap. I'm sure the dog is very valuable and it probably was insured. So nobody lost any money. So I see. And other just suggesting maybe the dog is safe to the fish is now. No. Or maybe this was just punishment for not winning the grand prize. And we'll teach him that to do it. Strut his stuff. The best cartoon character of all time. How much have we got 13 and 12 91 like I said? What do you got? Any second will go to 1300. I'm in the middle of thinking 12 90. So that's 12 92. They're coming by the ones they're pouring in here right at the SN of the show. And that was Jay going to say well, maybe the poll wasn't so bad after all. Some people were interested. Everybody's interested in cartoons, right? Even Jack Walsk bugs money. 230 homer Simpson 147. Cartman from South Park 128. Willie or Wally. Why do I keep saying that? Wally, coyote and road runner 80. Rocky and bull minkle 60. Oh, so much better than road runner. Beateness in buttocks 54 Charlie Brown 54. Where are you Superman 44? Common jury 42. Batman 41. Now we're talking Robin. What's amazing like it all the video stories. They got all the all the seasons of Batman and all the it's just amazing. Almost Batman. I mean, I have to actually buy that. What about it? Wait for them to come out on the HD. Well, the HD. Yeah, then you can really check out Robin's sights. Rock hand anyway. Mickey Mouse 37's first after what you told me. Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble 32. SpongeBob Squarepants is got Bob Birdman. That feed of 21. Snoopy 21. Reynolds, Nip 18. Speed. Speed. Speed is what had or not. World model. Feet races 17 underdog 16. Scooby-Doo 16. Top 5 15. Worst that often in Tasha of a fatale 14. Donald Duck 14. Mr. McGoose in back is 14. Mighty mouse 15. Well, that was an old cartoon Mighty mouse. And they said, is that still round or not, though? I'll come on. Peter from family guy 10. Felix the cat eight. Betty Boop eight. Yogi Barron Boo Boo seven. Top cat seven. Quackmare from family. I never thought I'd be saying you'll be very Boo Boo on the air. What do you want to pack her six? Quackmare from family guy six? Six six. And I'm not going to read all of this. These Alfredi Newman finally got four run on Dick Tracy's as he's got five. Evan the sip monster. We got three. Just read a couple of these. Um, Elmer Fuzzling. Two dead. They do. I'm going to have to go and see what he's got. What is wrong? Porky pigs only got two. Jesus. Got all my what's the world coming to. Todd Gordon what a lot of leg horns. Oh, they got to think of one, then. Let's see guy. There he went on the relate. Not. And, uh, and fuel for the bus only got a fifth. That's it. There's 40,000 eggs in every detour's and perluers. And lose. This is a needle Roger to saw it. This is five, 60, You can't You can't Let's stop getting Let's wash enough Everyday sweltering I miss YOU You're not You're not You're not You're not I miss you If I miss you If I miss you Don't Today, never will you say From the simple hell, to the people to go, push and watch you No, but for it I'll take, we'll see, I'll take, push and watch you I'll die on the head I'll die on the head