Good for you. Should I have there right now? And beat those big crowds. What are you laughing about? You. Get out there now and beat them up. Get there and see a little BP. Yeah. Or like I said yesterday, Didn't you just go up the corner. There's a bias and go to BP. Get out. I don't know what your people are doing there. They got you. like you're on a Pluto. You can hear me now? Yeah, here you are, but I mean like you're on another planet somewhere. I need to the bottom. There you go. Yeah, smoke a little. Yeah. It's a good for your appetite. What a game last night, huh? Which one are you talking about? I'll certainly not talking about the baseball games. But he was like, yeah, today too. What? The heat plate. I don't participate in such garbage. So you talk about Toronto being the, uh, you bet. Wow, the panther. One of the most exciting game. One of the most nerve-racking games I've seen in my life. He didn't mean to like. I'm sorry, I'm talking about it. But shut up, I'm a fucking Rob Dorsey. I'm talking about it. I don't want to hear guilty when I got Joe Bowen here on TV. You think I want to hear guilty? Oh my god, that's embarrassing. That's this degrading. He never even called me to invite me to dinner, by the way. Guilty? Guilty, yeah. Never called me to say hi. How are you doing? How's things? Is that yeah? Come watch the game with them? Right, nothing. Zero, that's right. It couldn't invite me to come right up there in a press box. Peter crap. Oh, here comes the winning goal in overtime by the way. He goes into the. And written down. I'm just like a game at the McRewind I was telling the guys. Sounds like there were people there. Yeah, standing room only like here began. 19,000 plus. And the game didn't mean anything. But what do you mean didn't mean anything? Not to the Panthers. Not to the Panthers, it didn't make sure he was going to give us a new and I kind of had to. Well, you know, no, no, no. Not. So, indeed he comes up with four goals and two assists. Nice going Max, baby. A little bit late, but nevertheless, at least make it exciting. Yeah, and I saw some of that crowd. 31,000, 3, 08. I was born. I thought they'd have. Oh, yeah. They will be back. And I've seen, you know, I've seen better uniforms in Sandlock games than San Diego. Well, what is that? That is the worst-looking uniform. Looks like those guys looked like they crawled out of a dumpster. And he still kicked the crap out of Marlins. Opening day was just still nice, you know. We weren't that weird. Do you think? That's your buddy who was going to be under Friday morning, but they didn't tell you about it. By the way, I don't want you to feel bad personally. This is good. You know, if they say misery loves company? Yeah. It's not only you and Mad Dog that who's career is being destroyed by the current regime, but yours truly is well. We're all going down together. It's like being untitonic. We're all going down the queue together. We are. Now that we got Clarebell running the show, real clown. So there are ice cubes in the order. We got to be careful. If that's a clown, it's the norm I can't even hung the phone up on tonight's. It goes what I'm hearing now. Wow. And he was going to thanks the norm of copy of your just kind of, I guess. I guess Joyce didn't personally come down and give him, you know, written approval on his wrist. I don't know what's going on. It's unbelievable. Brian, she must have come in there to say hi this morning and had me pay so often. I said, hey, you made a bad mistake, Brian. Came back at the wrong time under the wrong regime. So go eat sushi with Greg next time I come down there. I think he's going to give him that. Yeah. I saw Brian yesterday at the game. For Brian. Oh, and then the yellow tells me that we had our best of meal stuff out there at the stadium yesterday. Of course, nobody told me about it. So we didn't sell any. Yeah, I didn't know it was there either. No, of course not. Nobody knew about it. It was like Miguel was sitting on it, hatching it. Like like a bird sitting on an egg. Taking care of it. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to take care of your ass until that right now. We're going to bring the ring back just to hunt you. She was there yesterday. Get out of here. She was at our party. What do you mean she was at your party? I got to tell you something. There was a Hall of Shame line up at our party. Yeah. You know who else was there? Snoring a few food. Probably screw in. No, but you're close. Roy. Close. Perfectly yet. Think it in close to this guy and then Roy. How about the old promotion director Sam? Get out of here. I wouldn't lie to you. He had the nerve to go there and snorkey food yesterday. I saw him with my own eye. What a joke. Brother. And some of the old sales guys were there. Zoltan was there. What does that all about? It was like a reunion. He did out of here. A reunion in my ass. There were more ex-employees at their party than at that party than there were clients. Well, that's not saying much. Yeah, well, we don't have a lot of clients. I remember days we used to have some. But yeah, I was amazed. Exactly. He was a busy out there. He's conducting it his own little. He was there. He was called a battle of the pizza joints. He's got going. See, which we can put him both out of business. Lunatics. The inmates have taken over there officially running the asylum. But the good news is the Marlin pregame is a 12-3 day. I talked to two friends of mine yesterday who took both of whom. I didn't even bring it up. They just volunteered it. They said, they can't. They couldn't believe that in the daytime when people actually are awake and little children are listening to radio. That we had the crow on before the opening day again. They couldn't believe it. Crow was talking about the city manager. Mr. Arroyo. Yeah. It's names Arroyo. I know that. Well, he had a couple letters right. He's thinking of Luis Arroyo. Pitch for the Yankees. Remember him? Yeah. Or no better Arroyo. The jock. I didn't even see the guy that saved all the way to Fort Star's Luis Arroyo. I believe it. Maybe I'm wrong. I think so. No, that's right. I was the way that I came in. Save it for all the way. Yep. Those were the days, baby. This baseball are playing now, man. This is Kaka. I see that Jeffrey Loryo was standing there like a clown behind home play before the game. I didn't, uh, wasn't listening to the audio. I was on a phone. Would like to refer to Crab doing his ass. I don't know. And then, then, of course, the assials across the street, LeBastard and the co-tex, they still right now. Oh, yeah, this is a disgrace. And a people who are just going to let them go away. You know, something pack them a sandwich. And now, Jeffrey Loryo, here's the article by Barry Jackass, which I'm sure you saw, and if you talked about it. So he prefers to have Florida owner Jeffrey Loryo. We had a rate of the Marlinsville score. All relocation options are footing San Antonio. You know, what? Barry's a pimple. Read my lips. He says, they're very serious. Never last guy had said, read my lips. But we had Loryo on the show yesterday for an hour. Yeah, and what do you say about San Antonio? Uh, he's, uh, on this show. He said that he is willing to meet with anybody here to try and accomplish a stadium and work with them. Yeah, which is something he had not said previously. And he said that he acknowledges it, maybe he should have got on the wall. The wall. Maybe he can meet with the way before in Louis Royale. You know what? It's not in the city anymore. The county is, is the other. He's going to have to deal with. And he recognized that. He's willing to sit down with anybody. I gave up. I gave a suggestion yesterday. I said, with the county manager needs to do it. But they want to keep baseball here. Treat it like any other business. You know, you know, Sid Levin and for our friend used to be the head of the Beacon Council. The Beacon Council's job was to try to attract business. You know, they know how to get these things done. Forget about the city commission. Go work with them. And he liked the idea. And he's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a money. He can build it. Yes, it's loaded. Yeah. So anyway, he said, Antonio judge Nelson Wolfe said yesterday, believe the chance is that the tomorrow is moving to San Antonio. They're pretty pity. Exactly what he said, city pity. Yeah. Well, Major League Baseball doesn't want San Antonio. No, it's too close to Houston. Houston, no one either. Not only that, but it's a happy size to put a team in Hamilton for years and years and Toronto said forget about that. Too small a market. It's sad to size it is. And by the way, the mayor in Charlotte says that they can accommodate another Major League team there. Right. So these people have it's just it's just nowhere to go. It's just a threat. And it's not much of a threat when nobody cares. But even, well, guess what, have a good time. And he said, yes, Laurie said that I thought was kind of interesting. Oh, they are off of good start though. Laurie on our show yesterday talked about location two and they shouldn't just jump into one. They say, you know, they're highly of sounds really good. Yeah, exactly. Look what it did for the track. There is the guy who can do it. John Bernoulli. Yeah. He can build on the stadium and he can screw it up in five minutes or less. John Bernoulli. Walking curse. And if he can't do it alone, we'll get your buddy Ralecensis to picture right now. Rale Martinez, excuse me, I was thinking of Ralemon Saul, saying, I get his name, Ralemon, come over and beat the crap out of him. He'll beat the crap out of you. And it's right. He can't find me. Oh, God. I don't hear anybody speak in Spanish here, man. It's one of the or French. Probably who get lost. Everybody speak in English. All the Chinese people speak English in the engine people and all the packages and the Philippines. Everybody speak in English here. Maybe not so well, but at least they know they got to do it. They don't put up with that crap. Anything else today? Yeah. You know, we got a short show. We only got two and a half hours already pressing to me today. And again tomorrow. How's the weather? How's the weather in hot springs or can saw that? I already told you the weather in hot. I'm not going to go. Yeah, you did. You did. It's fine. You were real good report. Well, 80s. I got a goal. You know, it's no end of the world. Come on now. I give you a real good news. Yeah, I caught a cold in the air. So I need more. You won't get a cool than 82 or 84, whatever it helps. It's going to be sunny and beautiful there. By the way, happy pass over to you. Yeah, happy pass off to you. Don't need too much. Lots of hot springs. But that's right. You're not going to a Friday. Yeah, they won't be any. Well, you know, yeah, sure. I'm going tomorrow. I bet you there's a, oh, you're leaving tomorrow. There's a Delhi on every street corner there. And hot springs. Yeah, right. Right. Just like in Geneva, New York. A Delhi on every street. I bet you they don't even have a ride bread in just like in sweet water. No, it's not allowed there. Have Gary Sardin to go with eating, cater all your meals. Make sure they're kosher, so don't rot in hell. I would all lose go. Yes. Well, listen. Yeah, safe trip tomorrow. And I, who's anybody who's running an air can saw a derby? Oh, good work. So lawyer Ron, he's very highly regarded. Remember the last two, three or all's it here came out of that race. Thank God, lawyer Ellis isn't running in that race. He'd probably break down. Ellis, Ruben. He's really doing it, you know? Yeah. Remember, Ronnie Zamora, who just got out here short time. Sure. He's not going to be here. I don't know. Taylor's going in where Ronnie was hanging out for 25 years. Could have been worried. He's going to be going to be amazing. The show how long we both been around here. When, when I first came to town to K.T. That was right when he, Ronnie Zamora, I was going to the case was going after you killed. Who was it? Is grandma or the old lady who ever was? I just remember the defense that television. Yeah, the TV intoxication. And at that time, everybody including me, Rippin, Ellison, ass and is Irvilly. So, and now Ronnie Zamora finally got out after 25 years. Every day worked well. Ellis, and now Lionel Tate is going to go to the for the for the piece of the, you know, speaking of piece of Tate. Don't, don't, don't, don't. If he's going for like 60 years, how come another guy going? Yeah. 60 years. Yeah. I remember it. It seems sounds reasonable to me. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, if anybody deserves it, he was the guy. Although he wore this before the he came to town. I said, boy, this guy, he's so bad he can't get arrested at a pandy rate. Oh, and speaking of that, you know, all these times have been let you off the hook because I keep forgetting being old and see now about Duke. Yeah. On the mother. Yes, I'm proud. You ought to be proud. 47 guys, rate that poor chick. And then her brother gets up there yesterday. Wow. You know, we're all talking about she's a stripper and this is, yeah, how come nobody says she's a mother and a hard worker and all the other crap. Duke, across, never got so much attention. Yeah, that's right. This is the, well, this is a way to get on the map for the across, you know, across the US isn't very big. It's amazing. That's the ESPN has two guys reporting from every day from the campus. Yeah. Two guys. Well, this is the, this is the big story. This is, this is replaced, you know, why don't we want to talk about the fact that we're going to, you know, Nuke Iran. That's not important when we got the, our rape story and Duke. Well, yes, man. I can, but, you know, it's, they can understand it's you're going to rub a song about the ESPN and very bonds. Would you think with baseball season starting out would be a bigger story still? Barry bonds is, uh, is got his own show. Does he really? Yeah. He's doing it. They've got a reality show with Barry. He's on the T.O. show across the street there. It has to be just to get his face on the camera. But, you know, uh, ABC this morning, I can't hear what they were doing. But they had an attorney on here talking about the Duke, across the even that case. I mean, it's the most over kill story. Right. That's correct. It's the historical story. Do you sure the media picks one out every few days and they go with it? Yeah. We're supposed to get all with dubbada. I couldn't give a crap less. It's not going to make me, can't you? Yeah. I'm going to do it any more. I don't know. I don't control it. I don't control it. I don't control it. I don't control it. I don't control it. We can't believe that we had the crew on and broad daylight before opening day. They only day the whole year that the marlins are going to have a crowd. We had the crew on here. Putting its called putting your worst foot forward. Well, listen, a good luck job, honey. I mean, good luck on your trip to Arkansas. Thank you, sir. Find something for me too. You're at it, by the way. Some of them, uh, a work cheap. You, uh, ventured into that part of the country at one point. You went to Nashville. The Nashville for one month. Yeah. That was the longest month of my lifetime. I remember a Casper sent you there, right? Yeah. No, he didn't send me there. I volunteered. He was, because he went to take over that station. Great. That station. W. L. A. C. 50,000 watts in Nashville. John Richberg used to be on that station. Remember? 50,000. That was 50,000. Much greater all over the country. Was the old soul R&B. It was on the first rock and roll station. But back in that day was R&B. And the number one sponsor was Tom A. That's stuff that you put the dark folks put in their hair. Whatever that stuff was. Like Vaseline for your hair. At any rate, uh, we made it into news and talk. W. L. A. C. Nashville. And we were getting calls from like 40, uh, I think we had calls from 40 states. Because at nighttime, I was out at night. You could do that station all over the place. Mm. Very remember? One month. That's all I could handle Nashville, man. Yep. All right. Lamb, my lad, lady. She said, oh, you're going to love Nashville. There's two kinds of people. There's people from Nashville. And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying Jews. You didn't know they used Jews. Jews and dark folks, man. Not to big on that Nashville. Didn't find too many deli, either. So listen, have a great day. I'll talk to you tomorrow. You're not leaving till I've to the show tomorrow too. Actually, I'm leaving an hour early tomorrow. I got to play. Okay. It's not easy to get the hot. Well, who's so who's going to be on from, uh, nine to ten? I only told them a week ago. Oh, no. Maybe David Samson, not David Fanson. Oh, I don't think so. How about Galilah? Now we talk in Puck with Crow. There you go. Look, I said, have a safe trip, and I had to be peace off. See you, too. Okay. The music's pressed on the previous programs. Are those the ones that I saw? Yes, and call it. Can you not reflect those as a be? We're going down the two with Clara Belpone. What do you mean? I'm going to be a fly high either. I can smell them all right now. You're a boy. Oh, boy. I'm going to put the water down. This is my ass back. Hey, Dan, look forward to it. I want me to die. Why did I buy a TV? Hey! It's a lot of fun. We were the world feeling. We were the world feeling. Hi. I'm David Samson, and I used this out like this. It's a line that's at Queen of Puck. Oh, I'm looking for a new home. For my world champion, my own. And I don't like hearing a stadium. Would think piggy football players. I had my heart set on a new stadium. But my dreams are all dashed to pop a that tank. Don't burn. Well, it's not going to happen now. And it's all your fault, Hank. All your fault. Some certain will be welcomed as liberators with flowers and candy in the new city. Like, yeah, and damn, Antonio. But that gives things type and smell good, huh? If people like the Marlins, any Marlins, take them home with me. Open my self to play in my own backyard. So put that in your lost college, slide. You remember, there's nothing more important than life than the grab-ass side, or we have man on man's porch. Look at them for a home, for the Marlins. Or a home, old young. Whoo! You're right. Josh was right. That was worth their sluff and don't get the disform. Thank you so much. We'll get to him. He was right there as a matter. If I were not going to rip him behind his back, I'd be more happy to rip him to his face. He tells me that they had the CDs out there at the ballpark yesterday. But of course, he says nobody asked for him. That's because nobody including me or anybody else just like Hank said, knew that they were there. But we can have a mouth there today for you. Not that there's going to be anybody at the ballgame, but they're disconquered. We can raise thousands. They're everywhere. Five more American soldiers have been killed in Iraq, including three killed North of Baghdad, the US military says. So this chief, but give that shallculated, or keep telling him up. Just numbers on a page somewhere. 10, 16, a 5, 16, every QM. We got a big Marlins game. We got to pregame to 12, 30, no crow today. Thank you, Lord. Oh, man. Marlins in Padre's 105, it was nasty. Pasty Padre uniforms. They look like little, little league uniforms. Magdog follows the ballgame and then hurricanes stuff tonight. Curtis A. DeClack in the DK-10. Hurray Keen, so only 78, thank the Lord for that. I've been talking about dialometrics for about 100 years now. They're outstanding service. If you ever thought that dialing 100 mentors on the phone was easy, check them out on the web. It's even easier. Next is dot com. You shop whenever and wherever you want. When you log out of dialometrics is metrez dot com page. You'll see the extensive product line from Sigli. Sort of Simmons King Quill, temperedic and Stears and Foster Hewitt. You'll also see photos, prices and a whole lot more. You can do the whole ordering process online or active visit dialometrics call. 1-800 mentors place your order. You'll schedule delivery anytime it's convenient for you and they show up to our one of the you pick any day the week. And right now take advantage of dialometrics's great problem on financing program. When you call dialometrics 1-800 mentors, you get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during their so-called big sales. So call right now 1-800 mentors. It's the official mattress company. My show dialometrics call and speak with less for very consultant or log out of my first time to come to guarantee yourself to basically be ahead in a long long time. 1-800 MATT RES leave off the last is because it stands for San Diego and those road test uniform. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. Barlum. Who the hell are the Barlum? Like that. I'll never say this in life. Tom, what's this I hear about science,ology and women giving birth. The woman can't make any noise. She can't make any noise and she can't take anything for pain. Yeah. So what's cake gonna do? I want cake to be is calm and quiet is possible. Do you know what it feels like to have a baby? Yes. I do. Cake is gotta be quiet is possible. So what are you gonna be doing when kids giving birth? Chop the other catches. Have some season pay. Yeah, I have a happy pace off Tommy. 21 past that I'm sure the son told his celebrate. Here's our pool. We got a really talk fast. We only got a couple of hours. Probably squeeze in a whole bunch of calls if they ever start showing up. What do you think? Sure, why not. Don't forget Miguel says we got a whole bunch of those about 30. Not 30 minutes and t-shirts out there. Is it gay to f? Yep. For the second game. We had 31 times all the way over yesterday. What? All season long. All season long. Have you anywhere anybody ever see the van? Just crashing to it and we'll give you a CD. No, okay. Here's the poll results. Speaking of those CDs. Why didn't or won't you buy Neil's anniversary CD and or T-shirt? 1453 total. Lot of liars. Oh, I did. I did buy it. 257. 24.5%. At least we got that percentage down from the grow test lie that it was beginning to show yesterday. About 30 minutes. But even 24.5%. I mean, is there anybody who believes that? No. Why didn't they have to lie about it? And I think we're going to come there house and beat them up or something. It's right. You're going to buy it. But it doesn't make me feel better that they lied. It made me feel better if they bought it. Not that they lied about it. Liers. Two cheap. I'm two cheap 276. That'll be speced. Okay, because we know most of you. I don't want that smith. 239. That crap. I hate this tool. 157. I don't have any cash. 129. Please. No more charity stick. 113. That's what I voted for. No, my. Please. Neals. 9 here to sign it. That's what my guess that it's my fault. 89. Well, yeah. Well, what does that have to do with anything? Whether I'm there to sign it. People want to see you. I don't want to see them. Stolen to see. They downloaded it. They burned it. They lifted it. They lied. 39. What? Liers. But it means liars. I've tried that. You can't find it anywhere. In other words, you don't think people actually buy one. And they burn a whole bunch of them for their friends. Well, if they're doing that, then they're bastards. Well, yeah. But at least they admit it. But in other words, you don't know that that goes on. Of course they're bastards. Man, you're living in a, of course, what do you expect from you? Yeah. It sucks. 27. Is a John Sterling he leave? No, I'm here. I'm not going to be talking about you. Okay. Excuse me. I want to interrupt you, baby. No, I'm here, man. The CD sucks. 27. That's what the U.S. had to say. It makes an ugly picture. And Miguel won't tell me how much money we got. That's because he and the guy that said doing the thing are probably doing it up. So be sure and send a lot of money because Miguel can use it. Well, yeah. Here's today's poll. Who is the weakest link on QA? And we're talking about on the year. I didn't put myself on there because obviously that would be over and above the call. I don't mind taking some punishment on the polls, but that would be a little bit silly. When you think, yeah. The weakest link on QA and 570 votes. Lenny Martez 136. Lenny Martez. Now, you notice not that we got to do management. We don't put the people with the bad voices on you anymore. Oh, that's right. I forgot. Yes, we do. Even more than we used to put them on. So it's got nothing to do with who the clown of the day is or the general manager do here. I should have said, leave off the last SS stands for Sunday. But unfortunately, it's not for they would know Matt's Sunday from floor mats. So why would I say that? Lenny Martez 138. The crow 124 who was on right there in the middle of the day time yesterday before the marlin's opening day game when we might have been a little bit of interest and it might have been a few people listening. We actually had him on here. So you know, this is all a clearance thing, you know, strictly clearance being the kind of you. We were at the mani, remarries at the big old red blowers in there. Yeah, he blows all right. He'll be one on nine. Very strong and respectable third. That's why we get him on here so much as because people see there's the three worst voices on a radio station. Lenny Martez the crow and guilty all off there with over 100 votes. And that's interesting when you ask who's the weakest length. The audience knows they know those three people right there who don't belong on the ear to say hello. Maybe to say goodbye once, but not to say nothing else. George has got 71. That's because a lot of people hate him like poison. But he's coming along. Kimbo camp for 39. Hank 36. The big old 18 Curtis 14, 80 K 11 and Mad Dog 10. I see Curtis only has 14 votes. Is that a sign? Yes, the sign that the audience don't mind Curtis on the ear. They're doing a pretty good job and he's not over the age of 100. He's not Jewish and that they wouldn't mind hearing him. That's what we have guilty on all the time, two to four. While they're still dragging their heels trying to figure out how they're going to make chop-layer out of dog crap, you know. But that's the new clairbel routine. Man, we got a real bunch of clowns running this joint. If you don't believe me, just ask George. She's on vacation, no. To a seasonal and on vacation permanent, we can only hope. Don't break the hope you're playing old crash, George. And by the way, I think she's going on the same plane with Catherine Harris. This is a new Roger. This is five 16. Eight. They're gone! Now the son of a, he has to talk to him to pay. I heard some problems about his family. He's what they have to say. I've got a trailer for all of his films. Robon draws some hard and good today. Now once upon a time he was lost, he darted once and felt the wounds of green around the jeep. My God is ralibones and chants. If I could turn the now, I could be rich. I'm right. They don't seem to mind risking the life. And they're involved in now and making a big just a herd of people. And now they're making a big just a herd of people. But once that is marked, we'll work for all of our lives. We're about to say we're doing a big thing. I've got a lot of them to do. So we're still alive to set my gun. I'm going to break the hope. And I'm going to break the hope. So we're going to see what we've got to do. Come on, come on. I'm going to break the hope. Alright, follow them. I'm going to break the hope. They're going to break the hope. 4 dog Cherbach, 10 hours later. 3 g adds the glory. 3 dog Cherbach we're doing is carried out. And we're here. these ex-employees were there at this beach and they have a great was he there yesterday at the opening day he's got an ex-employee. We send his buddy Sam, his doctor the grandson. He's still a consultant. Who's Sam? I don't know if he's a consultant, but I bet he's still on the payroll. 593 votes, who is the weakest link on Q and speak at a week length? There's Condor Leisure. Oh man, is she a nasty looking bitch? Brother. Doctor Rice to you. By the way, how's your girlfriend doing Condor? Leamer says 146, the Crow Lung 26, Guilty Lung 12, George 75, he's down a little more toward the middle of the pack, even though a lot of people hate him like poison. Kimba Vokamp or 40, Hank 38, the Big O19, Curtis only 15, they like Curtis that's why we don't put him on very much. Eddie K. 13 in the Mad Dog only 11 of course. I don't even know why I put the Mad Dog on there. Well, of course after that last trend, you know. They're destroying as many careers as they possibly can. 600 votes even, we won't make no 1000 doing the show today. But Josh has volunteered being the good guy that he is who's very involved in this show. At least temporarily. He's volunteered to sit there until 2 o'clock. That's what I'm going to do. Right, even after the ball game starts at 1230 the big game show, because he wants to make sure that we get that 1000 votes by 2. So just keep tapping the votes out. To make good Josh happy. I don't really give a crap. I'll be at woodmine plunging my guts out. In fact, let's see 600, that's probably how much I'll be down by about 2 o'clock. I'm sure. Maybe more. How do you know that? Why are you so negative? Maybe I'll find a good machine, man. Why? Let's make a quick call or two. Let's hike up a couple of calls on here. Quick 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And then I'll get to my pile and we'll be out here. This is the kind of show we can really sink our teeth into. Just stop and think about this. This is what Maddard does everything. Well, Hank used to do everything. Well, he still hanked us only three hours. The Mars I could do no way two hours. Another plane to catch. Two and a half hours a day, man. We can do the best and shows in history here every single day, two and a half. Sounds like a deal to me. I'll extend my contract to the year 25, 25, for two and a half hours a day. Wouldn't it be good? I like it. Same money, of course. Josh gets a big fat race. How are you coming on Jordan's contract? Don't come on. Yeah, I'm just just talking in general, like I genericly to the human race. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Hello. QAM. Meal. Yes. Meal, yesterday you were read an article regarding our, this is that the peach fan article. You still there? Is this Roman Jones boyfriend? No, you started with the e-sad, was Robert Jones yesterday. At the second time I called him. He's at his lap. You sound just like him. I'm sorry. Yeah, I didn't want to talk about him. No, that article. Do you remember who I mean? It's on my hand. I'm going to add in here. Go look at the archives. Go look on the line. Okay. Do I remember? Of course not. Jesus. God Almighty. What about the article you read about? The 14th of December, 2004. You remember that? I was really very appointed and important. Can you tell me who wrote it? And where I can find it? And where I can stick it. Get out of here. I got to write my hand. Okay. The article too. Come on. Get out of here. You're a friendly station. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I'm ideas to a good up here to your rating numbers. Yeah. Don't play no more marines games, man. Nobody's been working on this. Nobody's been working on this. Or to my work. To Marlon games starting at 10 30. We don't care about ratings anymore because we don't have them left any home. We're all done. Everybody on the station's done. Thanks to. Thanks to Clara Bell. And his partner in crime. They're clearance. Didn't bother coming in this morning. He robbery creeper. Have a little, uh, they're holding little meat in the conference room. 5 6 7 0 5 60. They have a little sit down in each other's lap. And pound five 60. Verizon. Sink of the wireless line. I was quite a line of game about the robbery. To rob her creeper. They have guilty call me yesterday. Oh, yeah. What a joke that is. W to Q a M. Hello. I won't kneel. Then we find out that guilty is even cheaper than Rimmer, which I couldn't believe that. Q a M. Hello. Yes, sir. First thing. Come to serious. I'm going to use them to kill my only. I'm so morning. So I can make sure you're parking spot. Come on. W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Hey, I done. Okay. I got two things. Yes, sir. Last week a woman kept calling you. Right. That bitch. You're being stopped after the fashion. Anyhow, they're just walking out about the world train center. Did you hear about it? About how it's not possible that you get to go for the milk. Sure. I'm going to story here. You must be psychic. Physicists say as heat substance occurs, the world train center to fall. Yes, sir. That's one. Got to write here. Okay. Thank you so much. I'll like it. And that meant it's not about a book. But, like, I'm going to read it right now. That's a good segue. So I have to waste my time with these stupid calls. But anyway, it shows you the phone work today anyway, right? Yeah. Why don't have time for a lot of calls today. We only got mud load. Like less than two more hours. Oh, but they're also great. The calls? You, you know what? You take them off the year. How's that? It's quite that guy in the idea since you like to call so much. How about you start screening him today? He's never screened a call yet. That's, that's terrible. We never see one call. No, the first of all. Okay. Don't listen to this guy who's never on the show. But the first two weeks, I was on the show. Yeah. Lyr. I'm not lying. Uh oh. I think we're going to hit thief or is it a 65? I'm not a 65. I'll come in there. Yeah. You're going to come in there. I'm afraid to think what he's going to do to you. Anyway, here's the story. I just quit sidetrack in me. Okay. Just because he don't want to hear it. I don't care what they, I'll say it again. I said it on the yesterday and would you sit in there right now. I'm going to be there the rest of the week. I don't care what you like this story. I don't do the show for you. If I did the show for you and the people of your mentality. I'd have been out of business a long time ago. Okay. Mr. Hot Shot. Hey. I know you don't care what. I mean, just give you a real good sampling of what the calls are going to be like today. First of all, it's peace off. You got Easter Friday. People are busy. Life in the ashes off their forehead for Friday. And then you got Easter Sunday. You got good Friday, bad Friday. Easter Sunday. And even Easter Monday. As they say in Siberia, every month I can punish them. It's another Goisha holiday. It's just amazing. Good Friday, bad Friday. Ask Wednesday. Easter Sunday. And then of course, the Jews we got. Paisach. Have to have a little some pray, everybody. What if the Muslim celebrate and we saw another terrorist act? See, that's what they got going now. I don't know if they have all that many holidays. Maybe we can redo Ramadan. 6, 16. Maybe we can get to 700 by a close in time at 12 30. Can't we? Let's get the crow on again today. What do you say? I really put us out of Venice. Seriously, I talked to people yesterday who were just aghast. They couldn't believe that, you know, they figured, well, maybe on a weekend, you put that on. You know, on a weekend, when nobody would be listening to the radio, when everybody's sleeping like about five in a morning, on a Sunday morning, he'd be okay. But right there in broad daylight, in the middle of the day, we put the crow on here. I tell you, I mean, is this new guy even even the Gela? No, I take that back, even because Miguel's got some kind of a title. Even Josh Curtis, right there, has got more authority. He can get more done than our new general manver. How do you like that? So you know, something? Make yourself at your own deal. That's what I would do. Yeah. I don't know. I just type it up. That's all type it up and send it over there, and just slip it on by. I wouldn't be the first time. Just tell me, this is what your new wage is going to be, starting retroactive to whenever, and just make your own deal. Because, you know, this guy, talk about a straw boss. My god. Just pathetic. Anyway, I guess we got to do the break. Because I don't want to get behind you today, because we got some very important music to go up to the ball. Oh yeah. Or back in tell us, I would say the boys are back in tell, but these boys other than Don Trell and the Cabrera, these are guys that nobody ever heard of before. I mean, we're supposed to be proud of the fact that to put little lead team out there in the field. It's lost five at her for six and we'll never, ever, ever come close to an in 70 games. That kind of was on with that promo with Hank. Oh brother, 70 games might be for two seasons. Okay. Now we're talking to chance. And they have the, the golden, the David Samson man. Talk about a guy would like. Wait, does he have a lot of cuts? I'm not a mirror of two and people off. I'm not going to pay money to see that crap. If you are paying them money, they still wouldn't show up. You idiot. They have a, they have a fire sale. They trade away everybody. And others rumors about Don Trell may get trade two. Do you see those rumors? I'm sure he will. Yeah. Well, there you go. I can't afford to pay that. It's got like 1500 people showing up a game. Even here with a crappy, a blue jays man. Blue jays have one anything. And about 100 years. And so glorious two years they had. Remember those years those in the years ago. The Joe Cotta years. Who? You don't know Joe Carter? Oh, Joe Carter. You don't start talking with some kind of an accent. Okay. Don't do accents. Joe Carter. Next you're going to be talking about what's his name. The guy Gary Carter. I don't Gary Carter. So, uh, good board again. Rumors, good buddy. Probably bought rumour a lot of meals. Good board again. Christian Gary Carter. What, you know what? Great. Keep it to yourself. Okay. Just like my neighbor Cindy. Keep it to yourself. Pay the Lord. Okay. 247. Ron McClack. Jesus Christ. Keep that's right. Keep Jesus in your heart. This is Neil Rogers. Second. This is 5. 16. 16. Jesus. Who's going to get Ricky a blow? Well, welcome to the moment of your day. We're never in law center. How could I help you, Scotty? I'm not. I'm not. It's Billy. I ain't got all day. I forgot. How the hell you expect to make me into what he's saying there for you? Don't watch me. Whatever it is that, didn't it? Hey, didn't you wake on the radio? It could be. I must have blocked that out. Who are you? I'm not. What are you doing here? I didn't know I was. Well, you are now. So, eh. Welcome to the moment of my very law center. How could I help you today? I said to me. And what's that you always said that to me? I can't think I've done what I've done. What? What? What? What? The things maybe we ought to get a job in sports radio? Certainly. Let me do so, sure. Do I hand in rubbing my leg? Why are you? Why are you? Wait a minute. What was I going to do? Oh, no. That reminds me. What? 1045 and 560. I never had been good for gully to come back at a given. Oh, no. Yeah, they kiss on the cheek. I bring him down the university physicist, said he now believes in an incendiary substance called Thurmite. Most of my sulfur was used to generate exceptionally half fires at the World Trade Center on 9-11. Cousin was structural steel of fail and the buildings to collapse. It looks like Thurmite was sulfur added, which really is a very clever idea, Stephen Jones, Professor of physics at BYU told a meeting of the Utah Academy of Science Arts and Loss at Snow College on Friday. The government requested and it explosives to contain tag elements and it would be traced back to the manufacturers, but no tags are required in aluminum and iron oxide. The materials used to make Thurmite, he said, nor he said our tanks required in sulfur. Jones' co-chairman, with James H. Fetser, a distinguished professor of philosophy at the University of Minnesota scholars for 9-11 Truth, a group of college faculty members who believe conspirators other than pilots of the planes were directly involved in bringing down the Twin Towers. The group which Jones had as two other members maintains a website at st911.org. ST9111.org. A 40-page paper by Jones along with other peer reviewed non-reviewed academic papers are posted on that site. What's the site again? ST911.org. I just mentioned that in passing. Last year, Jones presented various arguments for his theory that explosives were intended to be read devices were planted in the trade towers and in the World of WVTC 777, building 7 a smaller building in the trade center complex and with those materials not finds crashing into the building's cause of buildings to collapse. At that time, he mentioned Thurmite is the possible explosive runcendiary agent, but Friday he said he's increasingly convinced that Thurmite and sulfur were the root causes of the 911 disaster. He told college professors and graduate students from throughout Utah gathered for the academy meeting that while almost no fire even one ignited by Jeff Feewell can cause structural steel to fail, the combination of Thurmite and sulfur slices through steel like a hot knife through butter. He ticked off, that's like the kind of butter you put on your mosa. He ticked off several pieces of evidence for a Thurmite fire theory. First he said video showed a yellow molten substance splashing off the side of the South train tower about 50 minutes after their plane hit it and a few minutes before collapsed. Government investigators ruled out the possibility of melting steel being the source of the material because of the unlikely of steel melting. The investigators said the molten material must have been aluminum from the plane. But said, Joe, a gentleman's molten aluminum is silvery. It never turns yellow. The substance observed in the videos just isn't aluminum. He said that he said Thurmite can cause steel to melt and become yellowish. Second he said video picture showing wide-anj rising from the South-Haw and your dripping liquefied material. When Thurmite burned, Joe said it releases aluminum oxide ash. The presence of both yellow, white, molten iron, and aluminum oxide ash are signature characteristics of a Thurmite reaction ABCAN. Another item of evidence Joe said is the fact that sulfur traces were found in structural steel recovered from the trade towers. Joe's quoted the York Times saying, self-advisation into recovered steel was perhaps the deepest mystery uncovered in the official investigation. But he said, self-advisation fits the theory that sulfur was combined with Thurmite to make the Thurmite burn even harder than it ordinarily would. Joe said in other words it was harder than hell, literally. Joe said a piece of the building wreckage had a gray substance on the outside that a one-pointed obviously been a dripping molten metal or liquid. He said that after Thurmite turns steel or iron into molten form and the metal hardens it is gray. He ended up pools of molten metal were found beneath both trade towers and the 47-story WTC-7. That fact he said it was never discussed in official investigation reports. And even though WTC-7 wasn't connected to the trade towers in fact there was another building between it and the towers and even though it was never hit by a plane it still collapsed. That's the Jesse said that came down because of a thermite fire caused by a structural steel of fail. Joe said his studies are confined to physical causes of the collapses and doesn't like to speculate about who might have entered the buildings and placed their might in sulfur. But he said 10 to 20 people in the no plus other people who didn't know what they were doing but did what they were told could have placed in 10 theory packages over a period of several weeks. That's what he'd be saying. I don't think the government would lie to us do you? Oh no. What was that interesting? What a segue into a Doug Thompson's article on Capitol Hill Blue today. Well I better talk real fast as we only got till 1230. What kind of a bogus much of crap is that? Man can you imagine how those marbling ratings are going to goose up our number? Wow. Almost as much as those hurried came basketball games. Man. I think they're ought to be an asterisk on those deals. 644 votes who's the weakest link on QAM. Lenny Marquez 157. The Crow 137 and Gell Day 118. Just people who can't speak. No speaker can't judge 83. Can't vote for 45. Hank 40. They go 22. Curtis only 18. Any K13 maddog 118 should seem like Curtis quite a bit don't they? Yes they seem to. And we all seem to think he does a really good job on here. So we don't want to put him on too much. Although he will be on the way. Yeah the audience likes him so let's put Gell Day every day. See we. I think I think what they're trying to do maybe somebody gave them a number to be. You know I mean. The new the new crew. What do you mean? And in other words we bet you guys couldn't break a two on the bottom side on the downside like an office pool you know. As seen oh you want to bet. Cause in the last training morning drive and afternoon drive both of them we in in that month whatever was what was his February. Yes. We broke the two on the downside. Which if you if you would have told me that I said oh yeah right no chance what we did it. My David Samson would say we done it. We did it. We did it. Yeah thanks David. Back in the box. Doug Thompson in fact the boys I just say in about your government would lie to you they headline to the article is lies damn lies in George's W. W. Bush. No doubt about it George's W. Bush's lying rotten peatred soulless destruction of a once-great nation called America's now open for all to see he's doing America can't like what Joe Bell is doing to Q.A.M. Bush is not just a liar he's a serial liar who avoids truth at all cost because facts don't support his perverted twisted view of the world. Truth exposes his corrupt administration in lesbaries many crimes against the American people and the constitution of the USA. In pageant now too good for this low life. A rest is set of a bitch leading from the White House in chains for it doesn't Pennsylvania Avenue and then lock him in stocks on the Washington Mall so everyone can see what happens when anyone thinks they're above the law of the land. Today's Washington post lies out yet another example of how Bush lied to the American people detailing a deliberate White House pattern of misinformation on the so-called biological warfare trailers captured soon after American forces invaded Iraq. Turns out the trailers had nothing to do with biological warfare and Belgian officers in the field knew what they told the White House yet Bush ignored the truth and went before the American people to claim otherwise the truth that saw them possessed weapons of mass destruction. The old good old WMDs. I hate to admit it but it appears clear the president of the US is a pathological liar says political scientists George Harley who worked in the Nixon and Reagan administrations. His pattern of deception exceeds anything we saw in the next an era. Members of Congress from public and end Democrat admit the same thing shaking their heads and disbelief while talking privately with supporters and political strategists. The biggest threat any Republican running for election or reelection this year faces is not from the Democrats but from the president. Says the geopolitical consultant who found the reasons for an anonymity please. George W. Bush's a major liability Republicans in the midterm election he said. When news broke last week that Bush personally authorized a White House campaign of leaks ended discrediting Ambassador Joe Wilson, a campaign that led to the outing of Wilson's wife, Republican scrambled for cover. Sunday top-show producers tried without success to find a Republican willing to go on to president. The only Republican who did appear, Maverick Pennsylvania Senator Arlin Inspector, didn't defend Bush's action to the court instead of both the president and the vice president to come clean about their rules and the CI leaked a bottle. Bush's actions clearly have led Republicans in Mount comfortable and untenable positions, Harley says they don't want to alienate voters by aligning themselves too closely with an increasingly unpopular president but they've also got to be careful not alienated to GOP base. Polls, however, show the GOP base dwindling as more just like our numbers here at QA and dwindling as more and more Republicans realized they've been had by the Charleston and Chief. Even Diahag Republicans find it harder and harder to defend their corrupt and morally bankrupt leader and admitting privately that the presidency of George W. Bush will go down in history as a monumental failure surpassing those dark days of Richard Emnison tricky dick. The Nixon administration is now for 30 years. In the baseline of measure failure in the Republican party since Harley, no more. George's W. Bush has lowered the bar. Now, it's just he was not just talking about that just like Bill Bell was lowered the bar QAM and so it's George W. Bush in terms of life. Oh, it's speaking of lying Republicans. Now, did you put this on? I'm sure he did because I sent it to you. You always put him on by an encolter. Yes, I did. The anniversary. Huh? I forgot what the title was but an encolter is the loniest sort of voter registration application. That's right. Is that one? I got to get right. I didn't get kids. That's what happened when you try to talk to a fast because you got a stupid pregame show come up at 1230. GOP darling seems to be the latest in a growing list of Republicans who choose to ignore the rule of law. And then it's got a copy of the oath that you have to whisper to and sign. That's the oath next to the signature of Anne Colter who on 60105 filled out a voter voter registration application form as obtained exclusively by the Brad blog after purchasing her new $1.8 million house at 242 C. Groups Avenue in Palm Beach County in March of 2005. The warranty deed for the house was signed over to Coder and March 30 of 2005, March 30. Now the previous owner's Eric Stones from in his wife Lucinda Pascales to the stonestrom. And February of this year, Josie Landbeard, our good old buddy Josie. Remember him bald head of geek? Yep. Miguel Wood. Is Miguel Ernie leave? No, I don't know. Why? Josie Landbeard, the Palm Beach Post report. The code for the extremist Republican columnist and author seems to have committed voter fraud by registering and then voting in a Palm Beach photo precinct in which she does not live. She registered to vote for reasons which still remain unclear at the address of her reauthor Susan Frisbee. Or maybe she's tossing that Frisbee around a little bit. You never know. She had a husband that we know of Anne. No. Boyfriend? No. Tell you why she had a boyfriend, Miss Fudge. Nobody could go out with that. Miss Fudge. Colter is maintained when asked about the incident during recent public appearances that the report is a lie and she does even live in Palm Beach. Landbeard has since characterized these and out of that Colter is absolutely a bald-faced lie. Bold-faced. Various information obtained by the Brad Blog, however, would seem to back up landbeats account which shows the lie in the matter is in fact Colter. The radical darling of GOP speaking in fundraising circuit didn't fact purchase a house at 242 C.B.D.D. Fuddle Anne Colver, not nothing we didn't know that she's another compulsive BS artist in life. Just full of it. Just like all of our wingers, and of course there's so much hole in your bed of the rest of us. Of course. We know that. Don't we? 1056 my god is an only an hour and a half away from pregame showtime. Holy crap, Ratman. Can you believe that? Oh, yeah, I believe it. Man, we better just move this baby right along. 663 votes. I think we got a shot at 800 by 1230. What do you say? Should we make that our goal? Sounds good. 800 by 1230. I'm going to make a thousand so I don't have to sit here, you know, after the show. It's pushing. I don't think my girl needs to sit there for the rest of the time, do you? Oh, what do you laugh about? You need to be there now. You probably could do something instructive. I'd like to lunch early. Go to the ballpark. Go and go sell some CDs. What? Yeah, he should. He should do something. But you need to be sitting there like some kind of a prisoner like your pain and penance for being a jackass. Yeah, I have to do that. We like your personal business. You suck. Go do another appearance of one of those places in Little Havana. They're with all your people. Look at all them. Green toothless with a Ramon Salal Sanchez. And Mary Mary S. Agrecia. By the way, somebody called an Asciss to the whatever happened. Or would you know since that's right up your alley? Oh, yeah, I know. Mary S. Agrecia. What ever happened to her? I have no idea. Did she get married to some punk? Oh. What was that sound, Josh? That was a raspberry. Oh, is that what it was? Sound of the same sound that Tommy made. It was a little bit more fungent. Probably the guacamole. We'd like to inquire speeds, the latest features and security. You know, the changes season goes all these allergens in the area. Man, even though I take my leg or religiously, I think I'm starting to gag on it. We'd like to inquire speeds, the latest features and security. Comcast, high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months with it. Always on connections speed to 6 megabytes. Comcast, high speed internet is up to 4 times faster than DSL15 and up to 100 times faster than dial-up. With your downloading music watching streaming video, playing on log games, it is surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet just like I'm taking another swing here. Oh. Cross when you sign up for Comcast, high speed internet. You get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, graph city radio, plus up to 7 personal email accounts just in a few of these things. Not a way that could also get mac and PC security tools included. So you can be sure that you're in an experience while we be safe and secure. All of you strange. So what you waiting for start doing more faster than every before sign up for Comcast, high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for too much. You wonder how you ever managed to get along without it. And they'd call 305 Comcast and in. Wow. And Broward called 9.5 for Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is the Neil Rogers show. What? Any questions? Yeah, this is a police demo ladder. It's not getting good sorted. The blackmailable man is these. It's almost a high riddle home after getting. These things of a criminal nature. Let's say it's wide open. Like a mail for instance. Get what it is in the mail. Official business of the federal or a physical for closure. This means you open immediately. You're pretty qualified for a new low interest low. He said, that's my idea. Police demo ladder. You can get this. It works. The men are gone for a finished job. Official business from the United States or a mis-of-tex-a-mating netbeats. Open immediately for guys. The bill rebikes a ray. And you'll be eligible for big discounts on a rental guy. We have your 5-year-old daughter in the basket. If you don't love her, skip the live. Please open immediately. Mommy. Say, how would you like a new lineup credit? Huh? You told you, didn't we? Let's take a look at the bill. We have now a ring day handsome about their own political paranoid. We'll take it for me. The Department of Homeland obscurity has determined your eligible to have jumped or cable attached to your nipples. Open immediately. Say, how would you like to have this six months of life of John Vaynerpills? The more information on this, the more the scams, the more that makes your my actual website. It puts the large in the basket. It's 11.04.56. If you have Marlon's odd deck, it's 12.30. Game 2 of the Marlon's in Padre Series, man. It's a big series, isn't it? Sure. And we're going to get better state there for another minute anyway. You know, you really can leave it on through with a story. It has to do with humans. Oh. Don't you want to believe, Josh, then we can talk about him. Yeah, I won't be able to hear you at all. Why not? Well, that's right. There's no radio. You can't hear us in the building because they got power 96 on over the building. I got a radio in my office. Oh. Oh, you're the one who listens to this, I see. Four decades ago, thousands of Cubans took to the Eskambrae Mountains in the CI of Actura. So how was that? Did you hear that? No. Wow. You okay, over there? No, it's not me. It's just, I just heard a very strange. Probably the CIA coming to give me. I got a big voucher. Wow. That was strange. There were thousands of Cubans took to the Eskambrae Mountains in a CIA back in the Reginald War against the Del Castro, the Bearded Bastard. Today, US law brands than as terrorists. Cubans terrorized. That's how they lived in Miami. Oh, great. In a twisted phase, 120 Cubans on the island would link to that armed revolt or not having problems winning US political asylum because the Patriot Act bars asylum for terrorists and people who were health them. The Department of Homeland Security says the whole depth effect of over and 60 asylum applications involving 320 people who joined or helped the anti-cantial guerrillas as well as some of the close relatives of the asylum seekers. Like maybe Meris Guisie asked. Bill Strassberg spoke to him for US citizenship and immigration services said, whereas from Homeland Security and the Department of State and Justice are trying to resolve the legal tangal of who is a terrorist and other civilians have provided willing or unwilling support to terrorists to be denied asylum or put in an asylum. We're trying to develop a policy that could be used across the board for any types of cases to develop a process that will allow us to exercise discretion, Straussberger said, until that time, we're not denying cases, but we're not improving cases either. The Esconberg guerrillas and many other anti-caster movements were supported by the CIA in the early 60s with food weapons even explosives meant for sabotage. All the groups who wiped out by the late 60s by Castro troops in what the government called a struggle against bandits, bandits. By the way, speaking of a bandito is there was a, you know, where those eight people were killed here in the country. It was a bunch of biker drug use is what it was all about. Yeah, you said. And it was revenge for forget just an enormous amount of coke that they ripped off and they said, well, guess what? It's going to come to go better with coke like all these bullets. Cuban as our groups are stunned by the flood of the asylum secrets. Are you stunned? We go. No. No. This really hurts because these are the people that have been forgotten by history in the world to Cuban as I could have run on Saul Sanchez. Seattle, he was in the news of the Miami democracy movement, democracy, a big metseer. Most of the girls got no see. And by the way, Ra Mohnstall Sanchez had to pay soff. They fought with dignity and practically naked, starving with their bare hands. They resisted the dictatorship that today is the despair of the Cuban people who he added. Siding privacy concerns US citizens of immigration services won't identify the Cuban style Americans they did say Miguel Escobar was one of them. And what only say that the applications were made after the Papua Nacros past October 2001? Anybody even children know that anybody named Escobar is probably a drug dealer from Colombia? This is Trish. The Papua Nacros defines terrorism is it? Well, we know that. No, that's not. You know what that is? It's like a little feedback because I had this thing cranked up a little bit too high when I was talking to Hank with that crossover because I think it's Robert Greeper keeps potting the hike down every day a little bit lower, a little bit lower. I'm not just talking about doing the crossover. It's sabotagey. Matt Funger, blow your nose on the ear by a can helping. Hey, okay. Solidies allergies. No, seriously. I think Robert is trying to dea sandbag Hank show. Probably so it can get his money. But he won't. That's what I'm learning in a morning. Wouldn't surprise me. Or guilty. Yeah, there he go. Gildy. Because the hockey season for the panties is going to be open in a donning just a couple of days. He's going to be finito three more games. And then by by. That was one incredible game last night. That was just amazing. So every time I do the crossover at Hank, which we don't have to wait a mark as easy as even. Uh, it gets a little lower, a little bit lower. Six hundred ninety three will make that 800 easy. And then you can just hang right. You can just slide right out the door, Josh. I have to worry about it. All right. Well, though, you know that now and a half we can do a 200 vote. Sure. Christ, if we can't do that, we don't have anybody left. Because I know that we got about 75 grand for that best about 30 campaign. And I'm close to. And it goes got about 40 grand in his pocket. And probably Eric said about 10 grand. Thanks to wait. Get a lot of meals for 10 grand, Eric. Morey down. See, I pushed that article about the Cubans ahead so that my girl could leave. See, you leave him? No, Fickora. Why? I'll leave if you want. I don't want you to leave. But I just, I don't feel guilty about forcing you to sit there. I mean, you're not going to be any facts. This is the beginning of the day. In the past, this morning, it's pace off tonight, baby. Well, that's just trouble with it. And it's good for, oh, that's right, I forget where you're sitting. I think that's where you're sitting. I think that's where you're sitting. But if there's a lot, you can't leave. Then he's got to go in there. Yeah. And we don't want to do that. Because then I'll say, well, you see, we don't need two people on that show. There you go. Let's fire George or something like that. Not necessarily. Well, the original. Your own time is it for a way to say and vague people on the show. It's better that you go. Trapped the Clare Bell Tops. Oh, no. The show is kicking ass and we love your show. Oh, my God. How about extending your contract to your 95, the O'Widious Aia? Carry us all on your back. I still get a bad back egg by the way, Joe. You idiot. More and down, rag the camel. Got a choice. You needed a smoke at a ragged and a camel too. Talk about a fearful symmetry. Iran was whipping up real uranium while America was whipped up by fake uranium. Obsessed with going to war against the Middle East country that had no nuclear weapon. The Bush administration law focused on and leveraged over a Middle East country, per being totally nuclear weapon. That's after the Bush coup law focused on and leveraged over an Asian country that says it's not produced a whole bunch of nuclear weapons. To paraphrase Rayman Chandler, if brains were elastic, these guys wouldn't have enough to make suspenders for a peri-key. Oh, what a great line that is. That because that talk about the QAM, a management crew now. If brains were elastic, these guys wouldn't have enough to make suspenders for a peri-key. Oh, I love it. I'm saving that. Don't you like that line? That's pretty good. While Dick Chay was getting booed, as he threw out the first pitch for the national, it bounced in the dirt and the scooter wasn't even able to catch it. Iran was dribblingly welcoming itself to the nuclear club and spitting in the I-V-S-N-U-N. Speaking before a mural of fluttering white doves, President Machmoud and I can't pronounce his last name. Machmoud and I-Jead. Brad that his scientists that can talk to the enriched uranium. They'll now turn out nuclear fuel as fast as they can. Are they making a bomb? Nah, I said the Iranian President further stinking from their minds. Are we going to bomb them before they can get a bomb? Nah, I said the American President further stinking from our minds. The nuclear dozen, I'm sure, was embarrassing for Mr. Bush who had said on Monday that he was determined to prepare the Iran from getting the know-how to enrich uranium. But the Persian logic cannot be folded. If you pretend to have WMD, the US may come and get you as autumn. If you really had WMD, your bulletproof just has King Jong-Eol. I'm sure the mad as cheese mister Ahmad and Ajay can up-and-the-fifth. The down-the-ravid-hole-bush of administration is tied up in Iraq, helping create a Theocracy-friendly to Iran, while leaving Iran to do whatever wants on WMD. In this week's New Yorker, Seymour Hersch writes about the Pentagon planning for a possible strike against the only apocalyptic Shiites as the former CIA agent Robert Behrkoz, the Holocaust and I, as modern as John and his course line of turrets. The apocalyptic Shiites. Mr. Hersch quotes his first post to the Pentagon, saying that Mr. Bush believes that saving Iran is going to be his legacy, which may sense in the wagged a camel-waist in saving Iraq is not going to be his legacy. The Bush-Haws have already proven themselves cultural pretense in Iraq, seem to still be a long way from that humble foreign policy they promised. A former defensive official told Mr. Hersch that the plan was based on a administration belief that a sustained bombing campaign in Iran will humiliate the religious leadership and lead the public to rise up and overthrow the government. The official's reaction? What are they smoking? Just as rummied as Mr. Hersch's back in August 2002, a possible invasion of Iraq as a media frenzy, even as plans were well underway, that a fence chief shrugged out the New Yorker's story as penny-pony disguised falling. Or I can't resist that. penny-pony what? No, no, no, no, no, no. Right. Noting that the president is on a diplomatic track, he who should be fired, and that while the deputy was obviously concerned about Iran as a country that supports terrorist and wants to WMD, it's just as simply not useful to get in the front of the United States. Yes, the reality-based community of journalists stay out of fantasy land, which is already overcrouted with listen and Tory Bushies. WMD defended his authorization of a leak to re-buck Josef Wilson's contention that the administration hyped up a story about an easier-selling Saudi medium. I wanted people to see the truth a president said. Of course, sometimes, nor to help people see the truth, he got a song a big fat lie. As David Singer and David Varshter wrote in the Times on Sunday, Scouter's leak about Saudi's efforts to obtain a rating in already been debunked by the Times. Column Powell told the Times that intelligence agencies were no longer carrying it as a credible item by early 2003 when a secretary of state was preparing to make the case against Iraq at the UN. Only Scouter and Dick Cheney were only used a faulty bit of intelligence to defend their worst game. With Watergate we've produced all of the money, with Monica Ken's staff followed the stain, with WWE and his bananas and second banana, Patrick Fitzgerald is following the uranium. All he needs is a Tiger Counter. That's going down to take, but he's good. And you get it for free on me, sure. I have to sign up for that expensive New York Times thing. Lemon 14 already, my God. I'm getting way behind you. And that's because Miguel forced me to bid out a long story about Tuban Nataris. If you're fall, see the longest day around him where we get the drag now with a Tuban stuff. What do you think, do you think the Tubans want a stadium to build a stadium in Miami or what? We go. I have no idea. We're going to take a poll. That's what you're going to be between now and cold 30. If you don't pull all the little Havana sweet water and highly and come back by 1225, let us know. A conductance Spanish in everything. Or you can go out there and you can go out to a sweet water and sell some of those CDs. This is what's on it. Hot kicks up there. Yeah, the Q&A van is going to be in sweet water. Just look for Nick Navarro and Rollin' Martinez. Okay, look for the seal right here. And Miguel, where the inveter, wait, wait. Wave them out the window. Yeah, 710, hold 710. That's your WGVS frequency. What's on 7th and right now, I'll tell you what is radio-mambi. Yes, it is. It's not sad. WQB-A-Lakuba-Nisaba. Radio-mambi. No speaking grace, I keep. Black concepts, they speak plenty of English, they speak it all right there. They're the best carpet cleaning company in the business and what remind you that springtime has arrived. Cleaning your windows and doing a little bit of dusting here and there may give the appearance on the outside your home is clean. We know about those surface dusters, you know? But until you deeply melve the dirt and germ settle deep down in your carpeting, your furniture, drip for even your bedding, it just really isn't clean as it. And right now, dry concepts is offering springtime specials to help you with all your spring cleaning and of course, as always, they're just a phone call away. Don't forget, dry concepts specialise in a post-recleaning, leather cleaning, drape-recleaning, orial rub cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, given those dust mites. All of these drinks are much more. So don't just half clean your home is spring, don't do it slow or don't do it fast, and certainly don't do it half fast, call dry concepts today and have your home clean from the bottom for real. I've used them for over 20 years and my home is wooden three meals and anybody else. They always show up on time, always give you a professional job and always give you written guaranteed price upfront. And they brought it to the Palm Beach's called dry concepts toll-free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071-Ryline, dryconcepts.com. They say our love is cap-oop. Yes, that what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife, but I'm cherished each moment with you. It's a good time to be so glad. You're in my life. Do you do that? You're not my husband. You're not my husband. You're not my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When life's go past a change. I can't accept who I've been, oh, now that will have been right. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time. Call for my prison bitch. My prison bitch, and I have no regrets. I got you for a candy bar, and a back-up, is a rest. At first you were resistant, but now you're all my friends. I knew that I would get you in the end, oh. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I have dead to work in front of the ball. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I'm the day, I'm the prison, you're the prison, you're the human soul, maybe not to me I really hate these markers that turn from my back I thought that a good break away from my own home And God I'm brought up in the dark so And all the world's the fate of the world And I'm the day, I'm the day, I'm the day I'm the day, I'm the day, I'm the day And when I get out, I'm in, I'm the jailstrow I don't want my prison bitch, my prison bitch I'll never take a bite, you'd like life over your hudders Too bad they had to die On the second thought I'd leave that place If you want me to, you're prison bitch If never anything, you'd like life over your hudders And the first who would have told me, but now you're my victim So who would have made my life over your hudders I'm the jailstrow You're my no one, you're calling the one I'm the criminal You're about to burn down when the car is the pulpy What's going on? 23% 11, what? I'm a judge's about fell office chair When I played there yesterday And this, because I did a little research And I listened to it about 400 times I discovered it's Joyce proof And Miguel, I'm a fellow of his chair right now Little, did he really? Yeah, did. How about you like that? I guess what? We got another one, I'll tell you once and once Also, Joyce learned about That housing job Bitch Bitch Stands in the hall Hey, hello Waterformer I'll say You've come here awesome Put me Have you been here before? No, first time Which means freeway Freeway, that's nice And then, let's take it Please, to nature Take it I'm here No, I'm here Here to get clean I don't know You work around here I'm a waiter But actually, I'm an actor You know, yeah, yeah, I know What's the topic? You probably need to rely Oh, I'll say But you know, with everything It's a news and all It's a shame You can start relaxing Right now, for you I brought something Cool She She's so cool I'm so cool And freeway Not just any she either Wow, cold No, you can't I'm a here's the most important part Freeway to the Pro-text label Pro-text Art doesn't do it By the city council of Phantom Circus Absolutely You know the Pro-text slogan Don't you have sure Joe Certified safe By the city by the bay Well, what are you saying? Sorry, I'm so sorry Sorry I'm so sorry You better like he will And with confidence Because freeway I'm speaking to have Condom Don't let worry Sporey all those chance meetings And public showers Always carry Pro-text Pro-text Art Art is a university To buy my free SMB We are OG We can keep in That there's no apologies I can't keep in the That there's no apologies No, no, no No, what it's all about The Pro-text suit So they won't send you A re Pro-text condoms Art Division of Black Flag How can guidance has control division Keeping situation Since 1887 I'd like that Another choice proof If man we are really making some progress Anyway Alright, and speaking of progress Look at this Thanks that you just sent In London I'm sure this is from across the street Hello Neil I think you am probably the permanent replacement For the Mollman and the two to four slot I hate baseball but the crow is pure entertainment He can't speak but that's the fun of it Really enjoyable They get They get You And leave the Pro-text condoms It's the first day I didn't turn the station But they set them up on Curtis's On Oh, see that's her day They like Curtis He's only got 20 votes In fact he's the down near the bottom on the pool So let's not put him on too much because he got in slice And you're right about to follow him And both camp are unlicinable boring He's got a personality like a rock Good guy but Terminal And guilty Unlistenable Sounds a little more Yeah Five, six Five, six I haven't always five, sixty Ha ha ha ha ha Yeah, I think those choice Join us with a hip pal 27 past 11 at five Six and I'll see you And the food from the John the Baker of you enjoyed Seminary Absolutely Good Give me everybody from the station As I mean Yeah, they've been brings a hop on that stuff up like it was a gold And that's what it tastes like man It's as good as it gets And the best part of the deal John the Baker is the prices are so teeny and tiny You can go there over and over again Take the whole takes strangers off the street and go there And just throw a bunch of money at Be sure and try to best in south order Pizza and all those great pasted issues All your retirement favorites John the Baker of the best in Tanya restaurant to study university drive Now with two great locations for you Please be sure and tell that duck Since you know otherwise he's going to cry a lot Please you'll find John the Baker brand new in the Sterling town center I'm certainly roger twice to Pine Island Cooper city and a classic John the Baker in Pemberpines where you really enjoy your Coca-Cola classic Just west of Flamingo in the Home Depot center and Pines Boulevard Food is fantastic humongous portions and everything is called fresh too No mushy pasta at John the Baker and like I said with a low prices You can take the whole family for lunch and dinner and stay well within your budget And speaking of staying within your budget be sure to waste for the meal meal at John the Baker It's all of these things a large 16 inch pizza Half dozen of those fantastic real famous gigantic garlic rolls and two fountain coax For only 14 75 Part of these drinks take out or dining tonight call 954 in Pemberpines 434313 That's 434315 for take out or in Cooper city 954 2520 91 2 520 91 pizza pasta meal chicken Parmesan sausage and pepper's all your favorite So all of these things waiting for you at John the Baker it is the best is meal rotters mix is 562 A Yeah, that's you Well, what is that what do you mean that's me? What is this another stunt rejoins as when is that white hot is the I felt why not you get a win-rals All the crap you could unwrap all the time You got to be chmitten me man is this terrace some eat to take him out and just be your brains out when a baseball man or I'm gonna find a black dome and that's what it started with Anybody here See Jack is from home If he's our is just to the dollar He's through a lot of people but he's sometimes at home I thought it was my team He'll come Anybody here He's a good Christian That's He's a good Christian He's a good Christian He'll shoot me 40 little Take me to show you this song Weber's as I was the warhouse's rapport War mog empire, children to draw words dead Hebook & TV ers Babe distancing Like You vector man you muttering Peace  Can Your G To H Why My Do you work with the for great people doing member planning fans for 3 tens for, comoco 172 passengers disembarked so now in the terminal at that airport near Glasgow there Oh, I'll talk about terminal can you imagine being never to no matter where you were going to Scotland? Oh man, I actually want to go I'd rather get killed you what I'd like to go to Scotland for one I heard of my y'all there very cool Get out of here. I already got some interview ever encountered our life. I've known people that have been I think you're looking for a gaelic Does it need help y'all? What are you talking about? Nothing cool about this Scussman Scott I'm not in Borough I hear his girl my god. I once got on a bus and Amsterdam go to the airport back in the day when he used to do the super things to take in a cab or going on the train right from And Oh man the Scott much of days made a stop at a hotel and picked up a bunch of scissories Scussman they speak gaelic they don't even speak any glaze And they got the kill-san man. They need another mid-beathen about at least six months Well never mind Back by you have a good time here in fact I tell you what George you probably will rather go to Amsterdam You you like don't know don't die very you to a glass call Don't get me wrong. You ready to This this Scottish just keep in mind. They were kills and they know in the golf. Okay. Is there anything else you need to know? No, I'm good now. Trust the weather there if you think the weather in England is bad I mean keep keep in mind that Scotland is just like northern England. It's just the northern part of the island Oh brother It's bad It's not like hospital's Arkansas 751 votes on his pool will have like Eight something by the time it's 1230 less than an hour orders 1010 the in John McEnegans. That's file footage Let's see who is the weakest link on QAM Many martes one eighty four the crow 166 in spite of that impassioned faction across the street Oh, yeah, but today we're rubbing their hand lights together when he heard that yesterday She's a mom drop-up problems. I like that one. Yeah nobody else does but you do have up You but Emily but Trobe me the blob okay, but going to let locker room in pump pump pump five anyway. No cats enough Liny martes one eighty four the crow 166 who just it just you know It's one thing if you make a mistake in life You know, and then you go back and keep making the same mistake over and over again you're on sand Know what you thought in other words you put the wrong person on the ear and then it'll be like if we we heard low back And then after about a week we discovered oh he's starting to stir up a bunch of crap and that is surprise, you know She's can't understand it the crow 166 guilty of very solid third Rock solid 131 a voice fit for off the ear and far away from humans George 98 Kimbobo can't for 53 now why is that don't you think Kimbobo ought to be that George or Lisa's got a little bit of a personality not a lot a little bit You know, you know, at least George knows something You know, he may not be the most exciting person to listen to at least he knows something about a lot of different things as opposed to Kimbobo Who only knows about that big cow in front of the University died and Give me the ball give me the ball. That's it. Hank 40 S6 The big O 28 rock solid. I'm too bad. Of course who knows the way to that hour? Curtis only 20 see what I'm telling you I think we ought to start adopting the the reverse strategy now the reverse psychology I think Curtis sucks don't ever put him on again Yeah, he blows he's the worst see if we keep saying that don't put him on like 10 hours a day Any case 13 because who doesn't listen to that hour and mad dog only 12 because he's great He no Danny boy LeBastard tank up. He's a pretty damn good pretty damn entertaining 758. That's kind of great One of M&M's closest friends was killed early yesterday and this did you see this? Yep in a CD night club along the road made famous by the rap superstar. I guess what you need to one of you ever did was Either one it was ever on eight mile rod and Detroit. No. I was Haha, where you start? Have you heard where you start? No Hey listen if you were in Detroit you just did and if you were kind of a person that was gonna be a scared of anything You didn't need to be going to Detroit, okay Panzy little proof proof a member of the rap group D12 was hit by gunfire the CCC club on eight miles The divided line between Detroit and Northern suburbs police said he and other man were shot in a head the other man But was critically injured see there was a place I don't know anything about that club, but there was a place called Macombos which was an outstanding Italian restaurant on eight mile rod and Detroit Back in the day when I used to go to the track all the time in Detroit you don't know about the club You just know about the good Italian restaurant. Wait when you listen to me? See don't you want to hear the rest of the story like Paul Harvey would say Well Macombos then became a strip club Because that that hood got really kind of like CD and bad and people were called no need so I would like to track the client tell me because now I don't know what the name is so in other words that could even be it I don't know In other words maybe once upon a time I was actually in the triple sea club I doubt it but it was I need my road where those WWE J towers are man the directional and I think I had about a hundred different towers And they were all already across from where Macombos used to be a name my road There's about three white people there with an about a 60 mile radius. What's wrong with that? Office is responding 911 calls found a bar empty when they arrived but at least I really good food to Macombos But I was good Spaghetti on meatballs on top and not really and police said the victim was taking the hospitals by private vehicles proof was real name was the Sean Holton I wonder if he's kidding the Sean minor The Sean Holton was a dead on arrival at saying John Connor Creek and our patient treatment to so that it used to be a hospital It's kind of a messy affair that we're trying to sort of not said the tread police chief Ella bully Cummings There's that name again Ella will a woolly bully Cummings Well, what kind of a name is that? You think she's got a woolly bully pulpit Or maybe just a woolly bully She said detectives don't know what proof was doing at the bar which was operating outside of its license hours Uh-huh see that Two plate of bit part nomeness 2002 film that carried this title eight mile that you see a mile I did yeah, you did I did oh I'll buy and I get after see that you don't want to go there did you know I was also I could have told you that He and M&M proof were southern scene and public without each other. They were tight proof was the best man at M&M is wedding in January the been closed for instance before M&M came a superstar now He's dead The video for the M&M song like Toy Soldiers shows M&M pacing a hospital hallway is Dr. Trader We vibe proof for what has been shot Later M&M attends proofs funeral is the song's lyrics lament the escalation violence between rappers It was proofs ID to form the 12 of the mid 90s when members met at the choice hip-hop shop a clothing store by day and a hip-hop club by night They six member Detroit based rap group counts M&M among its members proofs family members gathered at a home on Detroit's Northwest side after hearing the news the street and then They heard of the two story homes was lined with vehicles and people hug each other in a sidewalk and cried in the idea a spot-up club was on the street in front of the tavern Police marked shell casings into parking lot across the street now to shame proof is dead It's all then out of shape about there That's my proof one you're done to the eight mile what's more depressing the fact that proof got shot at it is a marling game We're not depressed at all about even if they lose again. We don't care. No, we're not Because as far as working sir, as long as they keep playing early games and we get off early We think I love the marlins. Don't ever leave. That's right stay forever I got to play that bit again. You know the one 18 don't know if I you were right by the way getting that this was worth a billion dollars today Yeah, so I guess gonna give you like a whole bunch of cash when you know a lot of the money that he's been ripping off from that The fundraising campaign. Yeah, he's gonna share you some of his friends I give a whole swacing fans in poker players back. Maybe you take a little track tonight and double it Pomp and a park racing in poker is all the gambling action you wanted a great way to celebrate tax day This Saturday April 15 Pomp and a park is gonna host a tax relief day this Saturday April 15 when everybody 18 and order getting a free entry Blanceland part of a thousand dollar giveaway Baseball tickets or maybe a vacation trip on discovery cruise lines You could win 15 hundred 152 hundred maybe even 500 bucks in cash That'll take away just about everybody's tax day blues Located just a half mile from both I-95 in the turn five Pomp and a park is easy to get to and best of all Pomp and a park features free admission and free general parking every day Talk to you did find brick. He'll tell you all kinds of great stories about Dave Ingram Live hardest racing in our smoke free poker room open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like today And poker gets out of wait noon in just 17 minutes goes on till midnight Live racing gets underway starting at 7.25 nightly and flowing tonight the last Monday madness 2 for 25 dollar Dinner special will be this Monday April 10th. That's two days ago So if you missed it tough uh 2D That band in fact this was supposed to be it says right on here copy for April 12 and it says our last so you missed it Cheese I'm upset about that but we were talking about it anyway, but Today's Wednesday so you can still take advantage of dollar night Wednesdays when soda draft beer hot dogs and more just a Puck a piece starting at 6 p.m. Pomp and a park also open every day the week seven days and I'd Speeduring the best in cymbal casting harness through a bread high-eye action from all across North America For you to watch him plunge your guts on look out for Brian series no matter where he is the best in the universe So don't forget to come out this set in April 15 for text release date Pomp and a park a blast out of the landing Potavan on powerline road for the curracing schedule call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or on the wicked web check it out at Pomp and a park dot com This is New Miss is by Macaron odd this is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God The season pays off We were the world family We were the world family All right, I'm David Samson and I used this out like this until I met that queen of comfort I'm looking for a new home from my world champion And I don't like staring a stadium with big stinky football players I had my heart shut on a new stadium But my dreams are all dashed because of that type so dark Well, it's been gonna happen now and it's all your fault Hank. Oh your fault I'm certain will be welcome this liberators with flowers and candy in a new city like Antonio You think type and smoke in huh If you don't want them are on any maros, take them home with me. Also myself to play on my own backyard Put that in your lost talent slide Remember she's nothing more important than life than the grab-ath factory of man on man's fort Amen, for a home for the Monk I think I as smith can that's three about the Jeffrey Lorraine. It's probably just as well a very jackass. Oh, I didn't hear it I'm not gonna wish love with time, but we don't have a lot of time do we we only got like what 40 minutes that's right and actually when you come down to the That we only got like about 20 six minutes and when you take the spot in it we can't we got like see a San Antonio very viable so Jeffrey Lorraine reiterating their marlins voice floor all relocation options Including San Antonio The early view we have is that it's viable right now marbles present David Sanction said it's Antonio We need to see how revenues are going to grow and make sure it can sustain itself Loria said the marlins need some answers about the future way before November I'll need resolutions sooner rather than later he said because their other options we need to act in those options out of town The Loria cities optimistic the marlins will give a city locally some of that optimism disappeared in the past year Major league baseball would like to solve our problem here, but that doesn't mean well, you know what let's major league baseball pay for it. How's that sound? Sounds good. Yeah, what's in build a stadium they got more money than God. Let's em build it Let's take some of that money for right defending all the lawsuits they're gonna have on the steroids and use that money instead Let's a Catholic church build it, okay? Take some of the money that are using defending all those charmalist increase and put that money into a new state in front of marlins We love them marlins. Yeah, look at all the days we have to work extra if we lost the marlins, right? Yeah, for real. I say let's Follow you about them jump on that bandwagon, please, you know if you know a lot of buy the CDs put the money into a fun for tomorrow Stadium how's that sounds good? Now, where they're gonna have our about 30 I want to be poor tomorrow from Miguel that he sold something there besides his ass at the ballpark today Hey, I'm not gonna be there What what Rollies there What what do you mean by that you're either way you said that? I'm not gonna be there like fat. What what does that mean? Mr. Marlin mr. Sports nerd Mr. Julio Huh 7881 votes by the wind up pool. I think we got 800 look by the top of the hour. You think we're gonna look it Oh, what's your think that's a good idea? Who's gonna be out there? Oh, rolly. Well, he's used to not get any response, you know Where is he a gate F? Yes Just look for the tracks were a curl after yesterday for the crotracks. It kind of looked like pigeon droppings And that'll lead you right to gate F to rolly. He's got the best of meal And those 50 teachers fact I you know it would have been great as they just see a sea because I watched a little bit of the game was pretty weak I saw him scored out one run on the first inning desperate it lead off triple and then they're like all out to score a run Yeah, I was pretty you knew from that point on it was gonna be pretty grim I mean you get a lead off triple and he's posted that that should be a no-brainer and it were very lucky that you got to hit with the two outs But those is name winning dodge rolling him. Well, we'll see. I got a couple of those right You Josh and so anyway, I would have loved wouldn't have been great to see the sea of those Neil God t-shirts there yesterday And we might have had that if we could would have opened up a mouth and told somebody because even though I had nothing to do with Cuba Yeah, I think we've got the CDs in the t-shirts. It's opening day. We got 31,000 three-rate people here plus the crow How come the crow wasn't plug it and pump it at huh? That'll surround with him I told him we desperately need to raise a money for charity get out there and go on and let locker room and pump pump pump pump pump This idiot So they'll be out there now what time is really getting there because the game time is one o'clock. He should be there already So rolly say that's a no excuses. Okay. We want to see of Neil Rogers material out there. Okay Just a lot of money at him and anything that's left over to spill over will give it to the lorias in Samson so they can go to stadium So we get a lot of these early days off like today and tomorrow and tomorrow Reach on and look at that tomorrow after the baseball game and we tell you it's just mad dog in the studio Which is fine, but tomorrow it's mad dog at the sofa King It doesn't say that on this sheet. What is this is? Clarence there you go. Oh, yeah idiot When you know what just because parents is it's okay. I guess I can play that bit now, huh? If you haven't on our commercials like Tommy making farting noises on our whatever that thing was What's that anyway that was the gas promo? Oh, yeah, yeah, he said it's a gas we're giving away gas He drops the raspberry in there nice nice going Tommy trying to get us all fired you idiot You know, I don't think about Tommy you can't afford to lose that job to host a lot of money for those drugs And you think he's making money with that group. He's got that band. Oh, God. I don't know this is van good or not Yeah, very are they yeah, they're pretty good. Oh, you both both guys have heard huh? Yeah? Must be sharing those drugs. Wait till you heard this big enough happy pace off happy pass over to all our Jewish friends They're not listening anyway. They're busy drinking wine Yeah, take a little amount of shepherds to the ball game that they can't hurt. Okay Throw little stale monster there. It's every lawyer Howard Pearl 48 sound like a good Jewish boy to me a four-loved a lawyer never saw himself as much of a worship leader Then again, he never thought he'd be shipped to Iraq after 30 And then for the years in the army reserve spend rush your show Then Jewish knew you're under a reign of mortifier or lead Friday night worship and camp to G and army post up Might as north of Baghdad when there wasn't even a rabbi around do the job And a year full of bizarre first Pearl stance says one stands up It'll be pretty cool to be able to celebrate pass over in Baghdad says Pearl and army captain trains members of the Iraqi army How do you like that? Pass over is one of the defining moments in Jewish history said when the Jewish people became an nation for the first time The Jewish people became a nation for the first time I'm sitting here in Baghdad celebrating pass over and I think the parallels are remarkable On Wednesday today when Jews around the world begin to ate a holiday commemorating the Israelites Liberation from slavery in Egypt 33 years a hundred years ago and all these other bubble mice Thousands of Jewish U.S. troops from marketing came to with modest provisions in a road and dangerous locations They're gonna be in mosaverse or uptitiously because if those ragheads see mosa men is but a bench When you think oh yeah, we're gonna bomb a Sumble crack open military issue kosher MR ease meals ready to weed and mark the holiday quietly alone Sumble pray with rebels floating from the U.S. Getskis Others will put together simple holiday meals with mosa wine and shrink wrapped tyshic cedar plates Ship by Jewish outreach organizations including some in South Florida make sure they're not trade, okay Some of those ragheads that some of those subversives in South Florida may have a stuck their finger with it and made a trade had very Sonder sniffed first before you put it in your mouth It's our duty to support people are doing everything they can to uphold the principles of our country Freedom and democracy said rabbi David Lath Director of the chaplain's council for the Jewish welfare board. He's gonna go over there and you're mallel at dance And they just see the service these spiritual needs of Jewish military personnel By some estimates five to 10,000 Jews serve a new as military according county for about one percent of service members Rabbi's make up a small minority in the chaplain's he core about 291 military chat just 20 or rabbis out of almost three thousand just 20 rabies And probably got the long beers in the pace and the tallest in their whole deal Jewish organizations outreach organizations to the gods and Hebrew schools have stepped into field short falls and spiritual services Shipping tons of kosher food Jewish test and pamphlets explain the holidays rituals probably a lot of steel Holla five no doubt and restrictions to remote military post and release in Afghanistan The what did you have this the off institute A surf side based on private Jewish outreach group affiliated the lobotor Lou babacher has seen Ignuminant has shipped to US troops more than 20 times who got filth of fish Mata macarons and hoggadas What that was that Like a guy books that tell the storm the Israelites exodus from me. I'll forget about the books just liquid to go filter face to mata macarons and the wine Face off his face five six happy Friday Jesus This Dick Cheney I like to relax by having very Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the New Rogers 12 to one hour The most controversial movie of our time Martin's for a season's the last potential of Christ recently became available for whole doing on cassette Religious groups lifted the release of a film carefully became outgraved on the event of its own distribution and so For your spiritual education and for those who don't have these ears on a price level We take it we are proud to present that part one the radio version of Martin's for Sassies the last temptation of Christ Oh Hey, but I want to buy a hot stereo GI better not okay Send the controversy continues He knows him are over one two Martin's for Sassies the second blasts from patient of Christ What that how's that Judas doing is he ain't still a good guy or what we don't know from maybe a couple of days He was let off Judas he was the enabler. You know, he was his buddy. In fact he'll be trained Jesus because he kissed him at the Passover Sator the game of kiss did you see then he turned his back on Jesus? Oh no And he's a said turn your back and he bent over and said Rectom anyway 800 and 10 votes. I told you we'd have eight hundred by the top of the air. There's that nasty nasty looking bitch Conderely's a free so jacks draw no less. Oh brother. She what a pair of that is per all losers jacks draw Anybody going over to England be sure and take some some good K. Opectade Believe you me they'll love you take something some like suitives with you The British will kiss you all over the place in fact even if you don't take it and they'll still kiss you Especially if you're a guy The weakest link in QA. I'm really more test 200 votes for outside here this he belong on a year or what a good guy He's a bodybuilder, you know How many per what are you doing a lot of roads? Let's say a lot of thank you and George for talking about American history actually was on the on-core channel last night Cautor was damn good in every way when you just played prison bitch. I got a good chuckle. Well good Miguel got a chuckle. We got like a tingle and his bingo. Yes, I did bought the CD twice love it And love you have a great day punching thank you. Yeah, I'm already dressing up my choose on Thanks to that book of Brian this show enough and Josh court is urging me to go down here and get a please go get it And you were right and just because he didn't such a good job on that All your stories around you're all you're all said sweet So anytime you're in the mood you can get out of the ways you go out and have yourself a real good good evening Did not we go for another 40 piece Why you've been even there's been lots of stories this week What a shot that was bad you're pretty consistent this week that was really bad you know something interesting Part of is I have a red in that check yet. I think it's just lost oh yeah to wait too many on there for today You're right well, I'm trying say I cut it from George. I used to send you like you know 14 15 70 The reasonable number hey and then George started like good doing his thing and I feel like I'm Slicing oh my look at all those stories on there. Well, I'm like I said I'm done There won't be that minute. There's an ample number. That's a no big deal just send the stories and finish right in that check and we're good Yeah Now see you want to get too soon because the sooner you get in your hand the sooner you're gonna blow it. I mean Oh, speak of that Baby Sean falls in fractuses skull and Brittany isn't tears is according to the tabloid the star, you know The entertainment the celebrity oriented the star news okay On April 7 when Brittany spears in Kevin Feeder line Realized that there may be Sean Preston. I've been sleeping more than usual panic bells went off. Oh my god Just six days earlier the seven month old and taken a major fall from his high cheer a Tumble that had his parents worried that he might have been critically injured He fractured his skull okay first he's rival with a kid in her lap And now he are they these are really good parents. You know what you expect. I think it's safe to say that they weren't ready for a child Oh or I never wherever will be Right forced sterilization okay They had every right to Fred it says after rushing shot him when you're by a hospital They discovered he had a minor skull fracture sometimes called a scalp fracture in babies and a blood clot They were going oh yeah, clot And the doctors weren't the only ones to take notice next day. They department and children and family services beginning looking into the incident they came a colon The spirit speed align clan escaped disaster, but not their obligation to explain themselves to the authorities on April 8 LA sheriff's deputy is arrived at Brittany's Malibu home to investigate a child abuse claim against Brittany and Kevin in relation to the hate injury Such an investigation isn't unusual according to California law whenever a babies brought in the hospital with serious injury the DCF Followed is alerted and instead all it's you again, huh bitch Yeah, she's a fallen from grace To feel he had stuff and as she just stuff Not good I think let's see eight nine teen oh yeah by 12 30 will be like way over eight fifty You you have to sweat. They'll have to even hang around. Okay great just just zoom out that door because I'm sure you're on a way to the ballpark No, I know You've got obligation here. Yeah Like what in the building That's right like what what are you gonna be doing after 12 30 pretty sure I work on the power on any six side now as well Now wait a minute I I'm glad that we got like a you know about 10 seconds here to kill well. What does that mean? You're pretty sure you're working on the power ninety six side now. Well, what what does that mean? That's what that's what I've been doing lately For a while now so in other words we're just borrowing you was at it in other words you're you're you're just at it No, I do both that's okay for both For right now nothing special but yeah just you know I'm a minimum wage less 10 percent hourly man right, but yes on both sides. Well then quit making such a Simist about until they catch on they find out that you're double dripping Well, there's I'm not benefiting from anything you understand I went over there. Are we? What are you saying? Maybe you can interpret it. Let me know about that. You have the jobs in other way. I got two jobs And I went over there to do that job because I was supposed to get something that I didn't get So I quit doing baseball Was that Lee no money? Yeah, and I quit doing baseball which pays me very nicely which was my main source of info so in other words you quit It sounds like a massive lawsuit to me this sounds like fraud you quit the baseball You said kept asking why did you do that because you you were under the impression they had they had Can you get you again another gig go out again somewhere? I see no one of your pissed off and making all those grotesque comments about Joyce what a bitch you is And I certainly and McGill and I would hardly agree Would we McGill if we would not what? Harley agree I Said we would hardly agree. Oh hardly agree. Okay, hardly try to follow. Sadly Don't start sucking up to that bitch over there in Naples now man. She don't speak to your language You know that I don't even know her so she probably don't like you anyways. You don't like your kind whatever your kind is You know whatever it is you don't like it Eight minutes past no we better do the break we got to two boys. I'll tell you they sure know how to do it, okay When we got the pre game at 1250 like the exhibition this games We get two breaks in there. I don't want to give us it's 1230 the pre game and we still get the same to I'm gonna tell you man Why did she get now to there already that water not I Have a good idea how to get rid of her ahead of the time. Let's auction her ass off on eBay Hey, minutes past no to Q. I mean, I'm being outdoors a lot in South Florida you really need comfortable shoes like if you're gonna be like Us, you know doing little tap dance out of the ballpark today You only try to go to take really good care your feet is brandy shoes in poverty Oh, but because brandy is the best brandy's carries major brands like floor shine echo Mufisto rockport hush puppies new balance tons of other name brand shoes all sizes for men and women They even carry widewoods and hard to find sizes too Brandy shoes is the largest the most incredible independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida when you go to brandy's for the first time And you take a peek at the selection and value that you get and see the kind of Personal service you also get you understand why I've been raven about them for years Go ask for army at brandy so make sure you get the right fitting shoes at the right price every time and all I could Departments to us with it. It's a wonder around for hours that seems them whatever you find a shoe that you like They say oh, sorry we don't have that year size The only thing they do at brandy's is shoes so you can fetch your wife on it You're never gonna have to worry about science selection service or price when you do your shoe shopping at brandies 1290 North federal highway and Pompeo beach between the lighting and copes on the east side you can't miss it Brandy's open every day money through Saturday to line every Sunday till five and this week is a great time to buy SA issues at Brandy's because you can save yourself 20 to 40 bucks to pair on all great Men's and women's SA styles this week, so we should only be shopping at Brandy's this week or on their website at Brandy's shoes back time Is This is five 16 Know that the Lord even loves the oradress That's it Stand down with Angelina And the Sleaf zam She called and decided to make fun of her brother. Because his words are too dead. She too cheap. Raccoon. The next up all is currently together. The way they are before one of them's grace. Now it's time in beating home. He rather date that group of her homes. To stop the strike I wouldn't have said no he's gay. Oh you have a knees for your childish sheep. You know why should you do it? Why should you do it? I have no right. 12.15 a QAM. So anyway they are doing a thing with their trial. The trial and the audio. The flight recorder from flight. The flight the crash in Pennsylvania. Yeah so that. That's interesting because they just had this been bed on there. I see him and she's reading her notes the transcript of the played in court. And she gets to the part and she says well this is the part of the recording that everybody that's so famous. Where Todd Beamer is heard saying roll it. So nobody had luck at told me before we've had these stories. Nobody ever said let's roll. Okay remember that in the beginning? Yeah. Let's roll that. No nobody ever said let's roll. Roll it. What he's talking about is a food card that we're using to try to let's break into the cockpit. That's what he was talking about. Not let's roll you know. But again that was not nearly as dramatic as let's roll right? Maybe he just said like jelly roll. I don't know. They sure said let's roll roll it. Or maybe George was on a plane. He was going to said roll it. I'll smoke it. When you think well that's why we don't have George here today. Maybe he was on a plane with Katherine Harris too. No he got suspended remember. Oh that's right George got suspended for what was that line again from Reinhardt I think I say that that was I hope I say that. That's my favorite line of any just the best. Not that we don't already know she's great. Oh please don't tell me I should make candid. Well that'd be bad. Of course I can print it out again. If you can see how this organized am today. It's because I'm anxious to get there a lot of here. No I mean it's because I'm more doing important show. Aren't you anxious to get that a lot of here? Yes I have. That's just you out of there. Yeah I can't care that that's seen how I'm beginning to understand your Constipation and Constination effect that I give you. They give you the old double crosses. They have the old beaten swish right. Exactly. And so you need that job at a Marlins good that extra pay because you're going to be getting extra pay for QAM in power 96 you got two jobs over here. So then say to how would a Marlins you know. Hey be lucky though you would have lost them all week this week. George what do you mean by that if you would be doing the ball games. I don't know that's true like I said it's probably just as well. Then it would've been just me and Miguel all week. That would've been really exciting. I can't find that marine doubt thing. Whatever you do, really me forget to print that out. What was that line again? It was whatever it was it was really good. I forget about that. Okay just a second. No it's about suspenders on a perikey. Wait a minute. New York Times here. Let me go to it. Let me hop on it. It'll be on our website tomorrow. In fact I'm sure Josh is already feverishly working out. I just to get out of the way. I'm sure I'm not. Huh? Yeah I'm still finishing up the one say I apologize for feuchly. I'm just sending way too many. Well I'm serious just too many. I'm not okay where to hell is it? Uh... Not there. Well I gotta find it man. Just thinking about the gag root tower. Any penny in the sky is falling. What are they smoking? New York Times. Listen. Listening. To paraphrase Raymond Chandler if brains were elastic. These guys wouldn't have enough to make suspenders were a perikey. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's the best. Not enough. Rains were elastic. These guys wouldn't have enough to make suspenders for a perikey. Which is perfect for the bush crew. And of course for our crew. You know, carabelle and the clowns. Carabelle and Maddie Bell and Mabelle and all the other bells. Baby Bell. Wow. Speaking of crazy people Tom Cruise. As a tacky nose and prescribed psychiatric drugs again. And they may stick to issue of men's style magazines. You cue. Which I'm sure both of you guys read. Oh yeah. The actor embarked on anti drug tirade and TV interviews last summer on behalf of Scientology beliefs as long as the fresher tack on psychiatry. Calling for prescription pill poppers to think carefully about the harms they're doing to their bodies. He tells the magazine. I've always found that if it makes me feel better it's okay rational. A little bit suspect. I think it's a calling that people have to live a life of drug addiction. When I have personally helped people get out drugs. She said. In the interview the actor claims he can get some up here when in three days. Through Scientology's detox programs. So if you're heroin addict if you're shooting up big time this call up Tommy Cruise. Okay. Hold it you off. Off the heroin. They're called Darren Dalton. That'd be good. And the two of them can have quite a yeah. Let's take that conversation. Oh. Good night be sure for playing that. Speaking of drugs. Drunk firms are inventing disease. This is going to be seen as a supermarket. Maybe you wouldn't want to touch this because that would be bad for business. Pharmaceutical firms are inventing diseases to sell more drugs. Researchers have warned. Keep talking to this man about your grave robbers. First I call that crap of the anthrax in the sipper. And now we got this thing with a bird flu which we got to stir us in for tomorrow about that too. Not going to happen. And rummestyles. Good. Let's talk in the company that's on a tamaflueno. Disease mongering promotes non-existent disease exaggerates mild. Mild problems to boost profits. But it will public libraries science medicine reports. Researchers at Newcastle University in Australia said firms are putting healthy people at risk by medicalizing conditions such as menopause. But the pharmaceutical industry denied invented diseases. Report authors David Henry and Ray Moenahan. A lot of he's kidding John Moenahan. Criticized attempts to convince the public in the US at 43% of women live with sexual dysfunction. They also said that risk factors like high cholesterol and osteoporosis were being presented as diseases. And where conditions such as restless blood condition mild problems of irritable bowel syndrome were exaggerated. I BNS. Like a bad, you know, like a messy BM. The reports said disease mongering is the selling of sickness that widens the boundaries of illness and grows the markets for those who sell and deliver treatments. It is exemplified most explicitly by many pharmaceutical industry funded disease awareness campaign. More often designed to sell drugs than to educate or inform about the prevention of illness or the maintenance of health. More often designed to sell drugs. The researchers called on doctors patients in support groups to be aware of the marketing tactics of the pharmaceutical industry and for more research in the way in which conditions are presented. They added the motives of health professionals and health advocates may well be the welfare of patients rather than aim to rect self interest and financial benefit. But we believe that too often marketers are able to truly manipulate those motivations. Yeah, those doctors like those free trips to Hawaii and those TV sets and those Jack Wars, what are else again, right? Yeah. Faster, it's free robbers, butchers. You know what the best doctor is? Who's that? No doctor. Just stay healthy, don't go to a doctor. Just just see if like a little headache or something like a little twitch in your bowel. No coach left her with doctor man, no care. And don't ever let them put you in a hospital to your wedding to die. That's my best advice. Do not go in a hospital unless you're playing an outcome and out. Especially Mount Sinai. I'd say that I have said a million times. Now what they did to me in that place? Oh brother. I just don't think they like me in there. Who is the weakest link on QA and that's our pull question today? The weakest link. Lady Marta is 209. W weakest link rhymes with stink on a year, not good. The crow 184. Oh thank God there's only one opening day of season, you know what? Although he's probably going to get plenty airtime. When I think like, there's going to be some talking hardball. Oh no. We got the Roberto Longoshol, a lot of Geldian Friday. Oh talking hardball on Saturday with a crow 4 to 5 30 Saturday afternoon. And Sunday 11 and 12 30. We got 3 and 1 half hours, 3 hours at a crow this weekend. QAM 560 is the crow flies. Croes got 184, a strong second. Geldi 144, a solid third. George 118. He's creeping on the edge of this. Kimbo Kair for 59. Thanks God 48. The Big 036. Curtis only 23. They like him. So God forbid, let's not put him on. Maddog 16 only of course, 80 heel only 14. Because most of our audiences sound asleep by that. This is me, Roger. This is 562. A. Wait, if you think you have termites in your home, you've got to call Ritted Pest Control today to get a free termite inspection. Ritted Pest Control uses that amazing orange roll treatment of antennae about the kills termites and their rigs 100% on contact. They're gone fast and you can say Claire Bell's a bozo. If you have termites as the best possible way to get rid of him, you don't have to tense your home either. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out no hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health. They treat your home with this amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. If you have a termite problem, here's the thing to do. Ritted Pest Control right now and find out about their exclusive orange or treatment that kills termites and their rigs 100% on contact. No BS, no tenning, no kidding. Column right now for a free no obligation inspection at 1-800-447-438. That's 1-800-447-4348. When you call, make sure and tell them that Todd Dreck, 20 to call 1-800-447-43348. For example whizvin roethrow around in your and a small box anywhere and you want the track loading a  adoated box out Backstacks back for the Zack especially in QAM. Watch you back, guys. You're good! You're fair. You're so good. Guess who said stop there today. The wilder boys that are good are wins. Haven't changed yet. If you just got to be against that, there's special moment. Those said, you know, you're a fun man. I see little kids on a playground with the beautiful eyes on them. I want various things to be sound. So we would live in downtown. Down in all the old men close it. I'm coming on the hand. You're fair. Watch the other hand. Watch the other hand. Yeah. Are you sure? I'm fair. Who? Who? Who? Who? You know that chicks that took the damn last. Every night you'd be all the floor shaking what you got on that. And I had you she was close, she was sweaty. I mean she was feeling like she's falling apart. And that time I'm rich and inflate. What does she get up and she said that it's been? The same. I just bet I'm in a flute with that chicks on one of thoseaged off. And then she could run with the fourth Lake of lgi. I see that they know that they're born at school and a family. Could they go to school at home or to watch her watch or to play the old Garbage of her. If the kids take care of her husband, it's fine. I've had a different picture. I love them. Uh-huh. Oh yeah?