It's Friday, you press still way down, shout. Where the mud was going to hang from trees and play, Man, don't get up so full. A station on, you've handled great old. Now as north, care, run the poles. Probably's a big city at home, and that's where the bees These have to go, we're y'all a Riley Joe. On, on, Fuji and, you do what he can. If you're hand-like a friend, then quickly walk away. They had Joe's goal to five six ohs with ratings and the toilet bowls to get those Playing for full bowls and order and control. And then so, y'all, we're all y'all, a few more men in the low. He lets most go, and here's what most give go to his ohs joe. He'll make a big change, and we'll rain. It's where so to say he hasn't done a thing. Or goes, all the air has to, Joe don't have a stink and flu, out of four, not that essentially flows for all radio. The G M of five six ohs joe, Riley Joe. I tell you one thing, we know what's going to be on it today. Rock solid, I've said the big old from the NBA finals in Dallas, baby, where the heat cut there, ass handed to him out of plate last night. I was at 90 to 80 was a final score with close I noticed with the, I mean, I didn't get whipped or anything, but they, you know, they got, well the final score though. Well, I've been making a difference with the used by one or by 60, you know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. Put it in the lost column. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Whether without, I don't pay any attention to it. It says not like I'm gloting because of the heat. I just wish they'd get it over with already, you know. Maybe he can win the next four in a row. Get it over already, my god. I'm looking at the schedule they waved guilty at the NBA finals. Oh, he was rock solid. NBA finals. Mad dogs had won fish maxed forward by, I know when he's going to be talking about it. And then at seven o'clock, we got this is unconscionable. Eric Reed in Tony for your own team. I guess we're going to be doing the show from. Like about Josh, the AAA, the NBA finals. Oh, that's right. I'm going to tell us. And then of course the Marlin game. You know, those Marlins, they got some nerve, Ping on our parade. They got some stick in nerve. We want 24, 7, 9, stop. That's why we're bad. We like to come right in the middle of the day and interfere with everybody's enjoyment. Marlins that say the ego tonight, Marlin pre-game at 930 to game at 10.05. So that's it here on all-shack radio. Me, shack, to bed we go. Here's a fact, very depressing. I guess Bob we've been pretty bad shape. So as I thought you find this interesting since you also like we've had the weather man. You say do he's a great guy. In the late 50s, I was watching the news with my parents. I was 10 when it went to commercial break when they came back on the air. Weaver and Ralph Renec were both the shivl and panting. The screen went blank and then to the test pattern when it came back they explained that we were It looked up and seen a man with a gun standing behind a curtain behind Mr. Renec. We were tackled a man. They wrestled the gun from away from him. It was in the army times, I believe, the next day was quitted it with saving Mr. Renec's life. I think like that. Good night, made a good news, Be yours. I'm sure most people didn't know this since it was a long time ago. Thanks a lot, I'd never heard of that before did you? Oh no. It reminds me of that Jerry Wigmistory, although nobody saved his life except the fact, I guess this smart thing needed these told those guys it was a radio station. They got panicky. It's a good thing he told them just before they came to that door when I was seeing you think you're locked in there while you already have nowhere to go. But I mean in that place, you had no place to go. There was just no way out. And so that was that story. Anyway Jerry Wigmistory is still dead and Ralph Renec is dead. I guess it was only a temporary reprieve, but that's the way life is. You know, sooner or later all of these things happen. All of these tremendous things. Okay, I want to, in fact, this is much too long to read on the ear. Even for me, even if I got really newsy today, it's too long to read on the ear, but we're going to have this story on our website tomorrow. I'm sure Josh will have it on our bright nearly. Yes. You noticed the quick response and the absolute, the admit conviction with which he said that. Well, I could put them on today because you got them all for tomorrow anyway. I probably, they're all done already. Pretty much. Hey, I don't want, I want you around Mr. OK. I don't mess around. You've got enough stories to make it in cyclo PD. Forget about a freaking newspaper. More than last night? Why were there too many? I'm not a lie. I don't know. I looked just to the Americans. You're efforts are appreciated and that's all I can tell you. Just do whatever you want. As opposed to Eric, who's been spending all this fair time at the Parliament House in Orlando again. No, I don't know what he's got going on on the side, but he's a little bit of a household. I keep passing the poll. I even facts him today as poll during the show yesterday before we left. Well, and then I kept saying, I figure if I fact it enough, it's like I've messaged. You know, if it's a sense of urgency, like you don't have to go through the offer, something like, huh? Look, he uses that side. I understand that. I know that, but I'm sure that he does check it from time to time. You know, especially since it's part of what we do every day, you know, he's stupid polls. Part of what we do every day. So when you do what you do, you know, you figure that he is checking it. But he, I guess he was out again. He's busy with the Parliament House. He said something on the side. Never, never. I've been asking for. Well, would you just stop for a minute? It's Evelyn Pringle and you can't eat only one. The article is how Bush rigged the Ohio election, the no factor. It's not Kenny No from Caller by the. Can I just read that? It's just, just would go on. It would take us to midnight to read the whole thing, but it's just, see, the, the MSM, the so-called mainstream media, they don't want to touch it, and just because God forbid, you know? Plus they're already bought and paid for anyhow. They say about long time ago. By late afternoon, over a second, 2004 nationally, all the exit polls show John Kerry winning with 58 50.8% of votes in Ohio and showed George W. Bush with 48.2% meaning Kerry had a 2.6% leave over Bush. But when the vote counts came into the end of election day, Bush had 50.9% of the votes and Kerry had 48.1. Meaning Bush received 2.8% more votes than Kerry. According to Dr. Ron Vaman, PhD from the Institute of Government and Public Affairs at the University of Illinois and Chicago, the last few years experienced teaching statistics to both graduate and undergraduate college students, there would be a bottle 1 chance in 900,000 of that kind of statistical error occurring. Ohio was the most important state to Bush. He couldn't learn without it. He spent so much time in the state that people began to wonder whether they left a forwarding address in Ohio. At his last campaign rally in the state of mere four days before the election, Bush be still a special praise on a husband and wife team who in hindsight, or more helpful to Bush than any other politicians in Ohio as far as reading the election. A lot of fact, my friends, burning that no one's time, no Bush told the audience, it's easy to read a rally for their leadership in Lucas County. It goes out about all the inappropriate and legal things they did about top 10. All the statistics on and on read it. Read it in the week. And the mainstream media courses might have tell us any of these things because they're too busy, but Alzarkawi and Alzulson and Alvarkali and Alvulstine, all of this Al-Rosen, Al-Salam. I don't know how Al-Salam and it are paints to run Joseph Avenue in Rochester. Any other interest? How you do with that? I don't know. I'm going to get him confused. One of my head like I think a dry, clear man or a paint store. Alzulson. All those relatives are dead now. Here's the poll from yesterday, which of these issues do you care about the most? 1435 votes? I don't know if I'll make a thousand of it because we can get that poll up there about 1030 last night. Don't blame me by the way. Blame your buddy there from the parliament house. In fact, I understand he's taken the smoking parliament now. Let's start doing cigarette spots. Let's do it. Why not? And booze? Uh... I just don't get it. If you can put beer spots on here, why can't we put hard liquor on it? I give up. I always said if you like your liquor. I will. Which of these issues do you care about most? Doesn't need any response. The war in Iraq is November 63. The economy is 339. The economy is stupid. Uh huh. You know what we left off of here? I give up. What a kick to ask. Rams with ass. Gas. That's it. The price of gas. Don't say gas too loud. I recognize that sound. It was a snake. Yeah. That's right. That's being said. Education 1991. Oh yeah. Freedom of speech 1986. Oh my god. Freedom of speech. Freedom of speech. Freedom of speech. You know, I looked at that in for a second. I thought, well, I guess maybe that's right. I don't know. It was to show you the power of our pool man. Nothing like having a powerful pool. Freedom of speech 1806 legalizing part 1-24 now. We're talking man. It grow up already. You silly Americans. God. illegal immigration 105. Loop. Loop. Do you very distressed to see that only 7.3% of you are into that? He'd be peowed. Yeah. Probably drop a big bomb on Mexico just out of frustration. I hate this poll only 50. As compared to the day where we got, look at that. Look how many we got. He'd have pulled it in. And it's because they are they suffer from their E.C. Problem. E.C. stands for? No. Emotional cripples. I say. They can't handle the truth. I say, I will only 50. He'd have guessed it is full of survival. A Q and M28. Gain marriage 21. 1.4%. Every single pool will take a nationally internationally. In backyards. Over the hill. Up on grandma's house. It's about 1%. Give or take. Maso Manos. Nobody cares. A board and why the hell should they? What has it got to do with the price of peanuts. Whether Joe and Jack are getting married or married in the, and and colder and colder in Fred Phillips. A portion writes 18 and flag burning only 10. The first thing that's going to be a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. It's a little bit of a fire. Don't need, don't need to be settled. Well don't worry, you're just a panicked man. You're that's not what they needed to be told, okay? That wasn't helpful to them. You're not being helpful by saying I hate this pool. You ought to relish it, you oughta like analise it. And although actually the responses though are most of, I'm pretty untarget I would say. As a matter of fact, I wonder if the one on the bottom still has got, Yeah. When Greg Weel is still got her over 500 votes and Greg Weel still got none, when he left. No. that he's the one at the broke the egg in a million pieces and at least other four bad things are trying this but oh we got a plan nobody wants to go along with our plan but we got a plan as they've gotten to be called at eleven or what yes he is you spoke today yes I did got that bellman I just I don't know anything about it I just I don't know I start I made my picks I did take Bernardini to be there top two in the uh... pre-tons not too many people I and nobody called and thank me for that either we're very easy to hook him up for a couple of the favorites and they had nice good prices on the way poor barbro like you know limping along and standing there in middle of stretch while the other horses were round the far turn at any rate ten thirteen at five sixty w q a m if you love voting you want to get out of a water you can go out and buy a boat cost you a small fortune and then that's only the beginning of your headaches because then you got all the maintenance things forget about that why no enjoy the water crock top not a one eight hundred boat rent right now I paid expenses voting a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free join the club at club not a call one eight hundred boat rent you'll be a maze of just how easy and convenient they make it all for you no docking cost no expensive upkeep no insurance or hurricane preparation basically they take their headaches out of enjoying voting when you have a vote from club not who is totally stressed for you and they make it affordable for you to so call one eight hundred boat rent and all summer long all year long get out there in the water and have a great time no getting the boat ready because club not a good as it for you no cleaning up either because of club not a go it is top on your boat go have a fantastic time and when you don't pull into the dock it off and run away say there you go you take care of it it's that easy and it'll do it club not a call one eight hundred boat rent from I'm let it out let me say again from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small most of your traders and everything in between all of these series is club not a go call one eight hundred boat ready to let club not a co-chair of planet fit your needs and your budget get on the water today the hassle free the inexpensive way with club not go make that call tell them that muffler to call one eight hundred boat rent this is new rather this is five sixty two eight who's gonna get ready to hold well I don't know much about her I don't know I she ain't the politician that people like colonel is when she's up there I'm making a speech no more but for them I'll pass to them in a ring I'm saying it's not here to be you better you spot you for don't talk about encoder that way ten eighteen at five sixty w q a m happy Friday to you George beyond vacation next week although yeah I thought your vacation started to clock today little by know until I just got this so yeah well you know I can't afford the option join a q m street team today from three to five p.m. and tomorrow with little George from noon to two of the maroon he used car sales event going on at dolphin stadium formerly known as p.p. park I'll be doing a sock puppet show stop by the wind prices check out the minus play booth from the upset from public said the minus with the minus play booth from public said you got that I have no idea but I'll know you want to find out tomorrow I guess three to five today at the stadium and noon to two with George little George tomorrow maybe the guy with the ice can stop by and see right tell you about his great his salad days on the month oh yeah come and join carry man on the monsters I may be able to find a packing stop by maybe even your buddy can stop by and kind of find a corner to stand off and cry while you don't pay any attention to not this in the evening and maybe a brand of my mind my guys are you in place in jingles you know from the world show into more now I can't I can only ask you can only pray that I do good buddies will show up and that will find out if we still got anybody out there there's a thing with time delay walking they all walked out maybe no surrender yeah Democrats walked out some need a lot of hissing noises like you jackass crook crook five hundred thirty two votes on the poll today and I don't care what anybody says I George likes it I love it I think that's one of my fine pieces of work although quite frankly maybe they'll cancel that meeting with normally because they don't like the tone of the poll I know Greg would do that and I like the tone of meals pulled today well you know what to do that oh yeah we finally got one great finally voted things started on bad when Greg left he finally got a vote anyway the poll question today is things started going in the toy with a Q.A.M. when so you just have a little residual flim and they're okay for those who are wondering just a little bit just a tad but generally speaking I got this thing looked I think it's a little bit quick no I think that's what did there is a just a couple of things well I'm gonna finish I'm not gonna stop taking until I'm done until I think about like ten days okay I don't know I got no plus they expired last month anyway so might as well use them things started going in the toilet a Q.A.M. when Joe Rose left 98 and Stern came on 87 I see both of those are like simultaneous that's back when they were screwing over Joe and lined him and Greg we kept setting up on all these meetings with Joe to discuss the you know and in fact didn't Joe allegedly he worked without a contractor when he came back after you know takes a guy with a big head like Joe to get screwed over the first time and treat the like crap and then all we need you badly Joe come on we'd like to put you on 8 to 10 we'll put on mole from like five to eight and then we'll put you on for me to 10 we'll put law on there and you know in contravention with his contracts so that we have to extend it because of the lawyers training to sue and then we'll put Joe on 8 to 10 and you know the amazing part of that is is that it worked out just great even the mole mice you're early in the morning or do do do do do do do do do or groggie and nothing recognize the voice it's okay he did all right and Joe did swimming well for me to 10 and then we kicked ass at that point and then let's see we had mad dog was still on a two and Hank was on it for and we were kicking ass man we have one big happy family but then they were in true regret and the beeslies obviously enjoys when treat by the idea of putting Howard Stern on the air and putting stuff up at a control with those headsets on in 75 dump buttons and taking the Howard Stern show and drilling it with holes like a piece of Swiss cheese dumping and dumping and dumping and dumping and dumping and dumping that worked out well didn't oh yeah we get our license we knew yet I just I just I so it was left 98 Stern came on 90 so you put those two together and I think the audience actually has their finger deep inside of it I hate this pull 85 15 points of result we don't want we don't really care I couldn't give it in less if 90 percent said they hate this full this one's for us you know that old he love about that one for you this one's for us Scott for all was fired 60 60 people said that I think they got that one backward Mo was like go 40 when Mo was like go go go go go go go go go that's when we started going in the toilet they went all sports 33 now that was before we actually long before we even that it's like 10 or 10 or 10 over the years ago right that was the beginning of the end and still then that's what I was God for all was hired 27 I would think that have a lot more votes if they really knew what was going on than the other way around but they don't yeah they're like that sound like a lot of a package to make right yeah Hank went to morning 25 oh that was a bad mistake Stern was taken off 25 Clarex became the PD 16 if the people had any idea of the end of working is that would have a lot more votes but they don't plus I think Robert Greeper probably erased about 100 of those when Neil came on 11 yeah that was the beginning of the end like Greg once said to me as we were walking down the hall from the theorem before you came here we had no ratings now and of course that's true I messed with their sports format and I interfered with all their one and two shares when Joe Bell became GM 10 and of course those 11 votes probably most of them from inside the building like you told me about all the sports types you know that's bad coming over here is gonna come on a set yeah they did really well when I had like Christina Moore and Joe's a gacky on a midday and I have those who don't know what they said those one and two shares although even then I don't take this sports segment said quite the definitely numbers that we enjoy now Joe Bell when he became GM 10 the one the ticket came on here only nine so I've only the audience doesn't perceive that the ticket is was the ticket to our demise when Square and got canned seven when Square went to the can when Chris Moore on left one and I'm sure that's probably a loop voter for that and with Greg Greeper when I know that's Greg I can see I can tell by the squiggle under the vote the Greg Greeper squiggle out of five fifty nine I think we got a chance of the thousands only 10 24 we couldn't have all roll in the day right by the way Eric says he had that thing up there by fifteen you're full of all I see I that's not what I think that's possible but it's not like I'm gonna come in here every half hour and check to see if he's got it up there you know so they keep what so there yeah your mom I like Eric your mama back at you the Eric's just fine he does a good find job I'm just not gonna keep coming in here and looking and looking and waiting and clicking at switching you know switch switch I can only switch so much even me don't forget we got the big oh rock solid at the NBA finals in Dallas this afternoon and two I'm sure that everybody's on the edge of their seat waiting for to explode and Chris when you're head is that big probably will explode one of these days unless he puts that icy hot sleeve on his head mad dog at the bonefish max four to seven I'm sure he'll be very intense if then we got seven to nine thirty this is a hoot Eric Reid and Tony for a tea it actually the whole radio stations have been taken over by the the basketball crown all the basketball writers and the sports or they've taken over now of course what's going to happen between the last game of the NBA finals and football season please don't tell me that Marlins you know gonna make this great research and anybody's gonna start giving a crap about the Marlins anybody care about the Marlins so what do we do between you know in fact even I would say this year based on the rumbling zeitge picked up even on April 15th or thereabouts whatever the exact date was that Saturday for the NFL draft I'm like the usual who plough I don't I don't foresee that it was what it usually was and I wrong about that shot no it was a shadow of what we usually is so and of course that's because who cares about you know in April about the NFL who cares about the dolphins anywhere when they got daddy help peppers bad knee and everybody and of course no Ricky Ricky Sierra with the argos so they know that they're gonna be having other horrendous year at best at best they could go eight and eight with some luck you know with a miracle eight and they best when you agree with that I'd say eight nights out of the bar right yeah I'm saying a little bit of luck they also got a chance to you may I would say like maybe five and eleven six and ten twenty six past so bad it's so cruel but it's true I'm still pissed off about an event of tear man I don't know what the hell they were thinking about well they just don't want to hog the whole thing you know they won three super bowls in life a few years now yeah you guys just try to make it fair that right we're trying to level the plane field there's another one of those great sports sports cliches let's level the plane field time like we're doing here at the Q.A.M. and we level the plane field on the sports radio we took that two share and divided it right down in middle one for us one for that oh that's fair more level than that yeah twenty seven after ten a Q.A.M. if you're a cigar smoke we'd like to kick back with a good fat stoichi man a good premium brand then behest regards by Tony Barhani I guarantee is for you these hard to find cigars are made with first great tobacco process and aged up to ten years but he is a real boutique cigar make or specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco but he had gold a flat you'd like it's a ninety one rating by cigar fishing out of a cigar and cider at a nine point one rating by prestigious smoke magazine this rich flavored well balanced full body liquor like one cigar's got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spicy pepper flavors it sounds like a smorgas board also we should have tried that behavior to say with the hottest release to guard last ten months it gets a high rating of ninety one by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider be the sale is a powerful cigar metal tear your cheeks out and your tongue is well with complex notes of leather earth and pepper the finishes long and full body with the visual spice and an order of charred wood if you want to save yourself forty percent off the price on all your be here cigars when you call to order just come at Neil Raju told you to call a not forty percent off you'll save almost half column toll free one eight hundred thirty five a year and then light up a big fat one one five hundred three five V a h i a this is Neil Raju this is five sixteen two a nothing you've seen the whole excuse me a scene father what is it my child we have something I miss tell you what is it my daughter oh father I am afraid to tell you afraid to tell me your own father I fear I will be ashamed upon our family nonsense I am your father I love you very much you must tell me what is wrong you promise you will still love me of course my sweet child a father's love is not erased by a simple mislead very well I am I am pregnant I see you still not me father of course I do but essential pregnant and not married yes father I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors are stoned you today my daughter if he's written that this is the punishment for look is it you can The first set of it. The closest is on a fundamentalist and it always sounds like that. May I speak with you, my esteemed husband? What is it my wife? I have something to tell you. I am listening. I am having an affair. Oh, right. What are you going? I'm going out to the backyard to collect some stones. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Oh, where are you with of course, bestone to death? You'll be an astronomer. I say he called the lines of the internet, right? Maybe he'll have to make problems. That's quite good. Oh, may I speak with you, my esteemed father? It's my son. He's a little brother. Last night, I used these little drugs. Well, what do you know? You are a one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. Well, I'd just go say, what are you doing, my wife? I don't feel that, if так brown luck will get mine, it won't have much more work for me. We will get you money. Okay, madame. It's这样. Let me help you. If it's other side of the land, I will never get a shock as we always have. The gas nearby is that we should never be the buying iron pump. If we are engineering, we don't undergo a war. We should just not. In the latest attack apart car exploded at the outdoor. I mean marketing the capital killing at least 10 there will be another It was the second car bomb in the same area the first one killed five and two more than a dozen earlier a Car bomb in northern Baghdad killed six people injured 15 two bombs also made a market in a police patrol in seven morning attacks in Baghdad killing at least 19 more than 40 so it just violence in May and and by the way Well, you know something speak it of Alzarkawi and And I said they were able to like walk to blow it off and and he was still alive They had a monestretcher there and they cared him out and he mumbled some last words which I think word There's an article that appeared on the MSNBC website I got I just printed out a thing about be hitting which I'll get to in the second because it made such a big deal about he was one of our worst Butchers and he'd be headed Nicholas Berg Yeah, right well of course our good buddies the Saudis do a lot of be hitting so we don't say a word about that Remember in Fahrenheit 911 to see there in chopped half square. That's right where do you actually see and luckily? It was from a pretty good distance so wasn't quite as it was still pretty grow 10 They don't do it with one wack either. Yeah, no, I sometimes you know if you have a rusty knife or somebody's got a somebody's got a picnic and I'll like Oh, yeah, you seem to make somebody right around the building here. Yeah, but anyway this article appeared on the MSNBC website March 2nd 2004 It says with Tuesday by Jim McElosseski who's got Pentagon correspondent With Tuesday's attacks, Apple would sobs our colleague Jordanian militant would times to alcatist now blame for more than 700 terrorist killings in Iraq But NBC news learned that long before the war the Bush administration had several chances to wipe out his terrorist Operation and perhaps kills our colleague himself, but never pulled the trigger In June 2002 U.S. officials say intelligence revealed that their colleague members of alcatah had set up a weapons lab at Kermai in northern Iraq producing deadly rice and cyanide But they decided not to pull the triggers. It says here Depending on quickly drafted plans to attack the camp with cruise missiles and air strikes sent to the White House where according to U.S. government sources The plan was debated to death and national security counsel for four months later Until the insurers are calories planning to use rice and terrorist attacks in Europe that pedagogy under up a second strike plane and the White House again Killed it Set a kill in him. They killed the plan. I just mentioned that in passing. I was almost four years or four years ago All right now this look this business about googling priest accused them in these stories are fine I'll put him in my pot pile, but Jesus You know it's like you look at some kind of a challenge. You don't define Perfectly cram-living priests What? It's like a hobby for this factor anyway getting back to the be heading business Here's a little historical background and probably means of introduction. We should play Oh my god, it's a severed head. Yeah, severed head did Be heading with a sword or axe goes back a very long way in history because like hanging it was a cheap and practical method of execution It really times when a sword or an axe was always Where'd be available just like that machete you've asked it in the around a counter. That's right the grease of the Romans Considered be heading a less dishonorable and less painful form of execution and other meat methods at the time The Roman Empire used be hitting for its own citizens whilst crucifying others whilst I've never seen that's great whilst whilst whilst Be heading was widely used in Europe and Asia until the 20th century, but now is confined to Saudi Arabia gutter Yemen And Iran Saudi Arabia publicly be headed 33 min. I won women for murder rapes, Saudi me and drug offenses in 2004 Well, man was beheaded in Iran in 2003 the first in many years So as much as we're screaming about the Iranians and how about Barak they are and of course They are crazy in a bed bug that I'll smudging a job whatever his name is. I think I said it The Saudis and I make them look like pikers right put him into jail Beheading was used in Britain after 1747 was the standard method in Norway about 1905 Sweden up to 1903 then Mark and Holloman to 1918 70 and was used for some classes of prisoners in France up until the introduction of the guillotine 1792. Oh, yeah, it was a lot better. It was a quick slice and a German up till 1938 China also used it while he told the communist came to power placed it with shooting in the 20th century Yeah, it depends who used be heading up to the end of the 19th century prior to turn you Hanging and that goes on, but this is pretty interesting. Well, there are two distinct forms of beheading by the sword and by the axe All present day beheadings are used the sword When a person is to be deported with a sword or block is not used they're generally made to kneel down although they could have sure the execute is standing up like Danny DeVito You could chop his enough or like George right good chop his head off standing up or kneeling down No, this goes on. Oh, this is great Saudi Arabia uses public beheading his punishment for murder rape drug trafficking Sodomy armed robbery apostasy and certain other offenses Yeah, pretty much covers everything. Yeah, just about and also I think traffic violations like Carparking tickets and we're screaming about mine as a you know, and of course it's true He was a barbarian and grow test butcher but then again He's got a lot of company that's the point right so we select whichever boochers we happen like you know Then we could do whatever it help we would have they want and we just ignore we look the other way, you know Band our abortion we hold hands with them and even though they have to be a little unseen You know they have blood on their hands, but then again bushes got blood on their sand so much of it Already could possibly make any difference. Oh no. I just mentioned that in passing Let's see how that toll is come on pretty interested in this today Love a clock Dave Johnson is gonna be called a preview tomorrow's dumb line often about I made my picks and I just I just I hate to say I just don't care. I like you got that special thing for Dave to play form It'll be the highlight of a conversation today as we go for the third and final leg of the cripple crown It's just the third bread racing is just gone to hell six hundred and six gold son of full all boy If we could just take that third six in there would not be a better in our crap that'd be so six oh six Things started going in the toilet a QM and believe me you can smell it Mmm, man get the get the a tidy bull man. Yeah I don't know if that is that kind of like out now It was what the what the fuck the time that was vitamin tidy bull per save But like all those little chats easy to put into it. Oh no, they have all kinds of chats. That's still big sure Your when Joe rose left 110 steering came on 102 which is basically pretty much the same time same time frame Like it were intrigued by the idea That's almost 35% right there. I hate this pool 93 15% grow up already Okay, we like it grow up. This is our life. This is your life because once once word done man Scott for all was fired 65 when more was let go 44 Don't always the chicken would pile he was the he was the ace in the hole Remember that and got father three He was the or my ace in the holes we say in America over that that was just after we said Only only if I keep buying it and the guy looked at him like what we're bad acting This is in fact you should have probably assassinated him right there for bad acting While his kid was making the donkey sons when they went all sports 38 that was George's idea And he's been a lot of support on that. That's a long time ago. Yeah, well, he should have stayed with the older What kind of anything? All these should have brought back rich Shaw when Hank went to morning 32 That was a bad mistake when Stern was taken off the ear Not turned man when Scott for all this fire 29 when Ferris became or was hired I'm sorry we already did the fire hired 29 when Clara's became PD 18 when Neil came on 13 See we know those are all from inside the building because obviously the people are listening to the show They'd like to show us so they didn't vote for that So I said for a couple of haters, you know, but it's inside the building. It's a sports for turning when Joe Balvick came to him 12 It was right on my ass real pain. That's when the ticket came on still in the night You know, they're not doing them. They got like a one-share and Scoran got canned eight when Greg we read left too. I'll look at that and we've Chris more on life one out of six 10 6 10 Uh-oh Must be a mistake. I think there's an old man there. I think there's something Oh, look at that just let you know, but if you put a book that I did you send the industry Brian some industry wreck. I got an email and I printed it. It says oh That's your sex Brian your on top of it. May is our right Brian schmutz 10 43 if 5 60 WQM for years and years now I've been telling you called dialometrist like I do whenever I need new macrosets this smart way to shop The inexpensive the the painless way instead of going out there and getting all this what it up Moisting that expensive gas call 1 800 mattress and give her that lumpy crappy old macros They take that away. They set up the brand new one and you're ready to go for years They deliver with an A2 or one of those convenient for you that you tell them like new to two one to three 4 45 to 6 45 they show up on time They've got knowledgeable betting consultants and last more and if you thought that dining 1 800 Macros was easy on the phone check out macros dot com on the web shop on the web anytime They are night with product details prices and photos You can check out online or call to place your order and schedule delivery Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during your so-called big sales plus dialometrist offers you 12 months financing dialometrist has to complete line of all the top names that you know and love and covet like silly and surd a King coil Simmons temper ptic And sterns and bananas foster when you call 1 800 mattresses and unbeatable deal all the way around you get low prices on the best brands You get fantastic delivery when you want them to show up and of course They set up the old they take away the old crap and set up the new one for you Now the mattress rack number one in the world a customer satisfaction You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight if you make that call right now tool free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mATT R ES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational saving This is meal rocket princess with you W I O D I hate that station I hear the voices I listen all boys still buddy Jesus here and he killed all the homo yet We need their soul right past bearer won't be there. He was loved what you did back then You The sign Find You can feel it all this way. It's not the bite. Fire boys, this boy is for air. Is that you? It's very cool for you. And, uh, tonight, I choose the one that you got today. I hope you've been gotten sad. I'm the designer. Or what do you want to say? Which he does is like a rude, rude woman. I wish you all the more important boys, For us, for us, for us, for us, for us, for us, for us. For us, for us, for us. 1049, it's a natural, maybe it's 11, 11, look at this. WQAM, hello. You like that so far? So far? That's great. QAM. Yeah? Oops. Oops. Picking up right where we left off yesterday. Well, the good news is we got that. It took him into late last night before Dan Bell sounds finally got the internet's back for the station. Got the phones all unscrewed up, man. They are really, uh, they're unspeakable as what they are. Talk about the indie Christ. Well, there's the Danish Prime Minister visiting El Bushmeister. And I sure hope we didn't bring any of those nasty, uh, cartoons from those Danish newspapers along with them. They don't want to piss off the Arab street, you know? It's a treat to beat your feet on the Arab street. Beat your what? Feet. Oh. WQAM, hello. QAM. On the Mississippi mud. WQAM, hello. You're so quick and from English, on the west. 10 Chinese ejectors. Oh. Oh. Oh. Two bullets for you there. A little pig report. I just, these people are coming on glue. Just relax, okay. We'll be on for at least another few days. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hi. Got it. Duh. Oh. Oh. WQAM, hello. I'm running. I'm in the car. I'm running. I'm in the car. I'm in the car. I'm in the car. I'm in the car. I'm in the car. Wow. The shipment came in. How come nobody's called me? See, I knew it. I had this feeling. Man, it's my present, uh, quality is once again rising to the four. I just had a feeling. Why did they got to get out of their system the next few days? Cause after, uh, next week, I'm on vacation. Then we start that summer schedule. So it only have me to deal with on Tuesdays and Thursdays. And of course, you know me. You never know what I'm gonna do. I'm like music Tuesdays. Oh, did you do it? On our esteright, you're the one to play the music. That's right. WQAM, hello. Two am, hello. What do you figure with what's on the rest of the day? WQAM, hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Uh, Bob, Tuesdays ago. to go I think we're having the poll you had a said a dead polyon okay somebody constantly a time back down uh... information is incorrect this time back for a from eighteen and forty-third short-minded later ha ha ha no i don't get to repeat that uh... yeah right and you know call back in repeat that we got right down directions we left off came west enough at all that's that you know well sweet left off and there are a lot of people to talk about it somebody came to me yesterday was thinking about what we think about this but it just don't i mean we'll have somebody pretty well known off of that poll i'm not too to have to about that let's redo it you as a proof of several cancer drug must be just made the flat earth society the right wing religious nuts excuse me for my redundancy you as his life is and we had this story a day's ahead of one new news media name msn got all with pepper body yesterday we talked about it earlier in the week u.s. license the first vaccine against several cancer which kills at least two hundred ninety thousand women worldwide over year the new drug guard a soul manufactured by murk is it does not have a given the girls in the moment between the ages of nine and twenty six it works by combatting the human patala movirus this vaccine is a significant advance in the protection of women's health said and roof on s and s and by i should walk acting at the commissioner but conservative groups in the u.s. argue that treating young girls before the become sexual active will encourage promiscuity the flat earth crowd the anti stem cell research the anti anything that makes sense everything is going to occur to promiscuity you know got all money if you put down those damn early magazines or uh... play boys or play girls whatever it probably are just calm down a little bit others the prime minister get bringing Georgia Danish at the white house you think the George book even has any idea or deadmark is on the macke you think he's got any blue uh... no anything's open higgin is something that you put between your chicken and your little pinch and what is pure through and so what is that that's it's a good you're a him hello i'm you're speaking no yeah you know calling i actually call you yes but there was a a call or that had uh... he did uh... he or not that he couldn't believe yet black area gas and he decided that he couldn't take any more and you know with himself off of it personally speaking the black areas and the best thing that ever happened all i agree i love my blacker i mean it it put me at a my game i keep on top of my email should of course today if i'm out of town it's just uh... it's actually made me a lot more more more when i went out lossy was pending and looked like they might get shut down or something i was having nervous scoffer inhibition i was having a fit i was having that time i was more right but uh... i just wanted to let you know you know i think uh... i think i had a big crack problem i felt like hope for you know cracker okay i'd like to tell you i'll be a met i'll be s and messing you any second six hundred and forty four posts on our poll today very important poll the future of this radio station art careers hinges in the balance of course we have that big summit meeting in noon today with norma can't and the bill and Josh dero clearance oh man you know the death of alca i see i'm gonna take a lot of calls today i'm just a net mood while sending enough for uh... you know you're being on vacation next week Josh is going to be screen all calls next week i don't think i can't wait you're not going to be we don't do that we will never i'll take it one thing no matter what under any circumstances i will never go back to doing it again let's talk to Tom and Tamarag i'm gonna tell you seriously that is the worst caca you know that went out with mickers and nightbox and uh... and with uh... what was his name and with bikunicotes who Rudy Valley oh remember Rudy Valley the old corner from life in nineteen twenty days from before was were born you know i mean you just remember her and about that's right Rudy Valley what's all about what's early chaplain the death of alcaidero leader abum was so balsar cali and arachama's more americans than ever thought the war in arachwell's a mistake uh... the poll taken Monday two wins they before news broke that u s four said kill al found the fifty nine percent of adults say the u s made a mistake going to order rack the highest level yet in the ap if so is pulling fifty nine percent the other forty one percent are crazy people approval president bush is having a ragged it to thirty three percent a new new low his overall job of approval was thirty five percent statistically within range of his low thirty three percent last month among other findings more than half of your country men fifty four percent said it's unlike me this table democratic government at least that was in a rack how about a stable democratic governor in the uh... government the u s first the survey was completed before arachs parliament approved three new key government ministers sixty seven percent of republicans sixty three percent of conservatives and fifty seven percent of white evangelicals believe they stable democratic government is likely and of course these people are far-bison only sixty eight percent of republicans fifty seven percent of white evangelicals and fifty one percent of self-described conservatives key groups and bush's basis support approving his handling of a rack those most likely to disapprove our democrats eighty nine percent women seventy percent minorities eighty four percent cede well or seventy two percent others the country bunkens thinking to just buy those of household incomes under twenty five grand seventy one percent and on their eight men seventy percent meaning gay those most likely believe the war in arach was a mistake our democrats eighty four percent women sixty three percent especially suburban women sixty seven percent minority seventy six percent city world sixty six percent self-described liberals eighty two percent moderate sixty four percent and capital sixty two percent you write those out to be a quiz at one fifteen what's what is going to help a lot yeah you need help a lot all right your g man no we need help a lot we need the lord intervene we define intervention save us from bush man ten fifty seven at five sixty seventy q m in of course we apologize for the fact that that we're not we're not in b a and here between ten and two but you know what to bad only came to the station that was beginning with the end a all-you-horse racing fans and poker players pump in a park racing and poker's got all the gambling action you want will also feature some of catching the bellman six to seventy-joon ten they've got to be called any second about the bellman you don't have to waste any extra gas at raffred then you have to order to watch and wait around the third leg of the triple crown pop up park will feature early word of wagering on the bell month today starting at one p.m. and then tomorrow's set a two-ton you can watch a way to run a bell month plus the last two races from bell month park company part of the crowd is a root home the winner the third leg of the triple crown pop up article also have free pass performance pages for the bell month field just a half month for both i ninety five and a turn five pop up park is easy to get to and best of all they offer you free admission three general parking every five harness racing the great smoke repoker room is open every wins they Friday and Saturday poker gets sent away noon goes on all the way to midnight you can plan your guts and live racing this underway nightly at seven twenty five and a p.m. including of course tonight and don't miss out on dollar night Wednesdays at pop up all this one draft beer so this hot dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at six p.m. highly approved by how was rigger so don't come out for get to come out tomorrow at seven a june ten watch and plunge your lungs on the bell month dates at pop up park a black side of the line of gobret on power line road for the currison schedule call nine five four nine seven two two thousand around the wicked web pop up park dot com this is new rugs this is five sixty two eight it's Friday you posted if you love delicious could be in Omaha space but was something a bit more exotic and you got to try bell month dates oh my woman smarty jose medium rare fast ride we slaughter horse racing's finest past champions flat them in colorful cells then over night them straight year home I do so under a good horse well now you can thanks to film on take when the triple crown of breaches try new bell my stays in any last is just long enough dead horse oh that's bad hi Dave you got pizza thick and that was sick well this is sick sure for sick people that's me sick I thought he's been a little riley with bad you all right that's a shot next you know I got something special for you I was gonna save it for a couple minutes but I'm gonna play it right now that you're like almost as good as that let's go yeah now we're even for that go a riley comment I think I'm okay it's the third likely triple crown tomorrow that's bad but all right said what's going on man and of course did I give you like burger dineen the last time we talked for the frequency was my to one of my top two picks I think so and yeah and he's not running tomorrow he's done now he's sitting in the barn I he should be though but I'm gonna ask you that why is he not in there you know I wonder if there's they're more afraid of losing than they are the joy of winning it they've got one triple crown race under his belt and and the other thing Neil is nobody cares anymore about breeding a horse that's one a mile and a half race because everything is speed speed and a marries right you know so they say they won the pre-nice mile and three sixteenth so that's enough for them I guess well I don't know the way he raised an area think that a mile and half would be perfect for him he came from off the pace and he closed like I pulled away in the stretch it was a great race for him you know it it really is it's a terrible shame what happened to Barbara but it had Barbara you know completed the race I mean that would have been a hell of a race I think Barbara might have won but he wouldn't have won by six or seven like he did the derby I need to ask you something about that Barbara situation of course you've been doing this for a hundred years but when when he broke through the gate now you know you call cheap planning races and I've seen in myself at the track where if Horace breaks through the gate or gets loose or something even for just a few seconds the track that a new rain comes and he kind of like checks him out and they you know go to the whole thing before they decide whether to scratch him or not I'm saying that saying that we're gonna scratch Barbara but it seemed to me that they were not for her to get him back into the gate and get the race started and I could be wrong about that but I didn't seem to me there was like any real examination what happened when he broke through the gate well the examination by the track that at the gate is by the eye and and and had Edgar Prado thought anything was wrong he would have certainly said something to the to the vet who was there at the gate you see this every day at at tracks across the country Horace's breakthrough the gate if you bet on that horse I don't want to be having on my ticket but it's too late basically to change so yeah I don't I don't take he heard himself when he broke through the gate and he heard me the hardest racing day was the horses don't break through the starting gate I've never seen that one although I haven't seen the starting gate could cut into months so that's another story or nothing's perfect where was that in Northville down's in Detroit was like in the winter meet and the track got started stuck in the mud and with my luck you know the five horse starts directly behind a car in the middle and of course no this is a true story another way to lose a bed right and I did the wings of the gate over the car open then the car stuck there in the mud and it was just thawing you know and the horses once before get away fine and six through eight on the outside get away and here's my five horse stuck behind a car so as you write another way to tear up a ticket oh they didn't give you your money back no they and I was pretty peoed about that they should have refunded do it wouldn't you think they would refund oh I you should have got your money back I'm going to go back there now and demanded back you know one thing I've noticed about the difference between American harness tracks and nothing we want to get off on that tangent again and Canadian is that in Canada for horse like breaks before to start yeah and gets away out of content and you'll see the inquiry go right away very often no refund the money because the better didn't get a fair shake on that I've never seen that in American track no they should too especially if he goes up straight early enough for them to put the inquiry sign up I think the more you do that for the fans of the better off the game isn't a long run yeah give us a little break you know give us a chance that's yes yeah it doesn't cost so many things they just refund the money come on okay now listen I didn't do much homework for this race that I wanted to why because every time I do that and I get I could look at the racing for my line you know and I try to like brother Derek he's his counterfeit is a 75 dollar bill you know come to find it he just I got elected I looked at those lines it looked to me like he was going to be really great and he you know they can talk about he came in fourth but a distant fourth in both races yeah the phone he yeah he just didn't pay an update he now they had he was the big horse from the west coast but I was never on his bandwagon but that's probably not why he didn't do it to I think that did it I was playing me with that so which I just picked I just picked three based on a trainer and a jockey and a morning line I just I don't know just my gut and you know I picked your fiber with top lecture and Raphael Bay Haran was the jock even if we're done or whatever I want to come so if you don't find it a survivor well I'm hoping you'll I'm just hoping you'll survive the mile and a half and so some river did I say survivor well yeah okay all right so far we if we're going to pick three now you know that's right if we're going to pick three I'll take son rivers one of my okay bobbing John okay because of that for yeah bob effort when Garrett Gomez Garrett Gomez and Halvajaki man he's how to say firecracker now and how far you're going for there you know the last time that we had a film on without a derby or a pre-tune winner yeah wish name commendable one the race you remember just wait Lucas a long shot oh yeah that's right and he had finished seven feet in the Kentucky Derby right so Bob and John finished 17th in the Kentucky Derby history's on your I see well without a shot that's even worse than the Bill or Riley shot and the other one that I picked a step-in-law through with Ravi Alvarado well boy he should have he should love the the distance but you know he's he's going to be coming from he's got to come from far out of it and yeah yeah yeah he got the dreaded 11 holder but I do know my only half is it really makes that much difference no it doesn't no because it's a long run to the first turn right in fact the finish line at Belmont is like in the middle of the track and Eddie Maple was a jockey told me that sometimes when a horse turns for home and he looks up and he sees that you know that enormous stretch he doesn't know that but he only has to run half way up don't have to go yeah he said he said it'll take up a horse a couple times before at Belmont before he realizes that he doesn't have to run full speed all the way to the next turn what was the horse that any maple had that ran against secretary of that got to really just he didn't know what was that horse that ran against secretary of I think so maybe was against one of the other big triple crown winners well you know Eddie actually wrote secretary that is final race up in Canada all right you know I don't know I don't think it was uh well sham was the horse that that's but that was not a maple no I think it was less because actually but the sham was the horse who who in any other year would have won the triple crown himself they said it's secretary of broke his heart which I think is getting a little bit carried away but you know we get a little yeah yeah it's a fill a Riley story yeah it's a hundred co-cell just a set that's a yes it takes for a lot of my life so I'll take a I'll take son river I like that yeah whatever you want my number a full one about you know Tom Elbert trying to one the pre-tons with uh Bernardini he's got a horse called deputy glitters in right and your proud oh so you know I'm thinking maybe maybe there's a horse that has a shot I think you've been listening to the hang-to-much Hank at the end of his show yesterday he gave out he gave out half of the field which is like covering your big fat butt uh big time maybe he could have been a good one top because I want to throw that one out I don't know I thought he said the deputy glitters with the proud oh look out and he said look out for all of him so I think you picked about a half a dozen well you know that's how he did he better take him on every horse in a race I wouldn't be surprised like I got it the touted the track was says I I know the winner of this race tell me who you think it is and I'll let you know if you're right come over here you're like and deputy glitters and who else um now I said I'll take Bob and John too yeah well when you give it you were giving me a grief about that a minute ago now but you know I'll tell you the trainer Bob Baffer the jocky Garrett Gomez boy you got two two terrific professional there and this was ran huge at Aquadark but that was a sloppy track now the the sun's out here in New York this morning Neil it looks like it'll dry out I think we'll have a fast track for tomorrow yeah so now let me say this if Bob Baffer if the if that horse wins the race in the afternoon of human after the race don't let him swear on the Oregon that was Ben didn't you know where what would that him I don't know if she I'm doing the radio and and I don't you know I I realize that but I'm just saying generally speaking for the crew and of course Hank was lamenting the fact that here we get the race with no barboreau no Bernadini yeah no brother Derek nobody really of any great note and now ABC gets the TV which he wasn't yeah my little you go so I see if I like the Stanley Cup finals you know nothing could be funded and to stay out of Carolina the people NBC have to be committing suicide over that so when I what about the heat you know how come you know I really thought that they had a chance I still do actually let me just say this to ask me if I care okay and then that little saw that Neil what do you care I'll give you an answer no there you know it's not my bag you know you can't you can't be at everything that's one of those things I'd never have any interest in just like I love hockey love horses love harness racing let me ask you this question because you finally admitted last time we talked that you you know those early days when you honor with Stan Verstein and Spencer Ross and racing from the doctor's Roosevelt used to call harness racing at the metal land I did who was your favorite driver who did you like I thought that John Campbell just was he yeah he was so cool all the time and you know he got the most out of the horses now it looks like Ron Pierce is you know it has has taken up the mantle there Ryan series man Ryan series is a little guy you know many years ago my late friend Alan Finkelson introduced me to John Campbell of pop in O'Parky brought him up because he knew I'd be thrilled to meet him there is a guy not just great talent but what a classy guy here this is a very impressive guy what a talk about Alan Finkelson first like what a fun person yeah there are never there will never be another he was a one and only other after they made him they threw them all the way he was just an on the way he did he actually probably did more good for the sport than than anyone single person especially Florida yeah he was great well what about the Hamiltonian you want to pick that now too you're right about because I have no rehearsals going to be in the Hamiltonian man he's not too happy with you today I'll tell you that he's going to get some of his rubbers after you don't want to well listen have a great race tomorrow me oh it's always great to talk to you take care of yourself and we'll see you next may bye bye take care of it okay there's Dave Johnson and there's his picks in my picks I got my finger in my right nostril now doing a few more picks I got him with that co-selfing I got even throw a bill of Riley knew I was 14 if I was 60 WQIM I didn't want to tell him this because he would have probably might have taken it through a long way he's always got a good sense of humor but I was on the throne this morning and I was you know knowing that we were going to talk to Dave again and love and a clock this morning I thought to myself very few people in the industry would you think of as being legendary okay and Dave would be one of them you know as far as race calling he'll a legendary come in Durk and you know legendary I was sitting on the throne though when I thought that exotic am I mean huh that's funny well that's not important it's not a shot or anything but I'm just saying that's where it was just a little bit of a little bit because I mean you're sitting in a wee bit of material think of strange things exotic am I mentioned the fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services from the adult industry oh my god need adults stars including janice and the club janice girls terror Patrick and lots more is take pictures you can brag about for years shot for something sexy and largest at all marketplace on the east coast enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic stylings of Ron Jeremy to a 15 person male and female group group performance enjoy hours of entertainment for less caught body contest and more whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness such as it is enjoy it with exotic and the number of each convention set or promises be a memorable a memorable experience go to their website exotic about exotic am I mean dot comets with triple exos of course rexos exotic am I mean dot com buy your tickets there check out whose coming and get info on the nightly after parties exotic am I mean dot com today through Sunday the 11 this weekend the Miami Beach convention center must be 18 over with ralibaldim believe me they'll be a check in you from top to bottom exotic am I mean be a celebration of sexy this is meal this is 5 16 18 for you drudge back and the following is a paid political message american idol finalist Taylor Hicks calls his followers the soul patrol but don't be fooled the soul patrol is this free game do we want the next american idol to be the leader of a group of ruthless criminals don't be a victim of a drive by twitching this Tuesday saying no to gang violence say no to Taylor Hicks I went by the friends of Catherine McFee the smuggler just said that the email it to us and other facts yeah yeah you think I'm gonna waste my time with them but you've had a lot of money okay sucking up to jab bush in a great economy in yada and yeah yeah the wealthy god law all there is in a course there is no more middle class so you can't correct me I will write to courting that that's correct just to sit back and thank all the bush people and thank them is for our friend band our bush man in the southeast for those low gas prices too thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices in almost 2500 democrats and those thousands and thousands all the blue a murder in mayhem in Iraq speaking of man culture here's a lovely picture of man with a gigantic atom's apple our figures are fist appearing on the cover of her latest manifesto godless the church of liberalism a door with a wooden crucifix necklace right wing pundit and quarter takes on the bulls on explicitly religious grounds invoking the sectarian rhetoric of the christian right quarter denounces liberalism is the opposite party to god and it comprehensive belief system dying the christian belief demands immortal soul but a bunch of gobbled a gop you silly ass you fair bitch colder fills pet the pages of godless with the tax on halibut a traditional christian right boogie man but there's that boogie man again and quote in controversial haulacat tonight congress Joseph so brand a sales public school for teaching an amalgam of liberalism feminism garlandism and a playboy philosophy rather than biblical truth quote er also calls the episcopal church barely even a church yeah quarter is curious a rest in in godless about her own religious convictions nowhere in her book for instance does quarter declare whether she belongs to a particular religious denomination nor does she state where or even if she attends religious services in between hang out with miss fudge on April 17th man i tell you if there's any group of people that absolutely despite the two groups that we're going to give you right now and of course miss fudge isn't two of the both groups okay self-hitting fags and self-hitting Jews yeah nevertheless moving on nowhere in a book this is a say uh well even where she attends religious services April 17 2005 article in time magazine by john cloud provided a rare description of co-res attendance of church as positive jester that she's been a regular attendee of new york cities redeemer press material in church to which he brings a lot of people in his article cloud described accompanying quote of redeemer he says not long ago i went to church with quote or redeemer press material in an evangelical congregation manhead the actor Ron silver also tagged along quote it brings lots of people in church including at one time an ex who is muslim and ex pastor Timothy Keller spoke of the importance of allowing ones hard to be melted by the sensitive god's grace because of what he did in the cross for you when contacted by rostory high ever redeemer press material in communications and media director krigan kriga cook could not confirm the code or an ever attended services at the church the only thing i ever heard is here say that she's an attendee of redeemer krigan said our data may show that she is not a member krigan added that wealthy celebrities routinely asserted a dubious connection to his congregation people from robber Williams to die and so are claimed to attend services here but i don't actually know if they have and i don't know anybody that would have seen an coder we don't even really know for a certain like that not that you would like to want to support man coder not that you would do something dv sent a sonus like that bitch did you know you had a good day that's the best of yeah she's got a man of best of and a big uh... and example right don't forget you are the qm street team today from three to five pm i'm getting choked up about it and tomorrow with yours from new to two of them were really used car sales event of dolphin state and pp park jorabi state and what are you calling stuff i do in friset and check out the my display booth from pub set to reach a beaded and i've all kinds of good stuff for you like to give you is best wishes that's right and maybe a kid's on a cheap hospital a note that with oil can give me a you're going to give the guy with the eyes a kiss on the list questions that we have a cheat just like that kiss that uh... michael gave the freighto right yeah member that kiss all right uh authorized to that right no you don't mind what you want you don't mind there's that magic again and you'll use a split in godfather clips how do you do that uh smagic secret like richawate say it's magic seven hundred four votes on the poll so far today we're doing okay we got a shot of the thousand i think what you think Josh to the bag man it's in the bag i think we're i think right i'll be in the bag i'll be a little later you know you better watch your liver man which member what's even cross me said treat your liver well and i'm healthy man yeah we're now now but later on in life when it catches up to you when you get pondsie and fat in the ill i won't be around to like give you any more good advice you can come to put some pansies on my uh tombstone i'll not have any tombstone i'll ask you what i guess there's just nothing when you when you're cremated well they keep you at a box sometimes or an urn right and then they stick you like on a metal piece like a door that's right i probably should have done that they they ask you that when you give your dog's cremated to your the ashes oh there's tiny up on the fire place where's i don't have a fire place i'm not too many fire places in for a dog oh you know bookshelf things started going in the toilet a qm when jol rose left 123 when stern came on one eighteen and since that was like simultaneously aside by each uh you can really add those two together you got 34 percent we were doing we were kick in ass man big fat smelly gross ass we were kicking at old style news style we were doing just fine even with a moment or go to the morning which is a good spot for him if we had that if we still had the same deal going right now i guarantee we'd have double the numbers we got a guarantee of that i'll bet your most life on it right yeah more if you're let's revisit that mow five eight jol rose eight to ten us ten to two hmm that's like right a ten not whenever you know stern felt like finally given it up uh we had maddo two to four and hunger four to seven we were kicking big gigantic juicy but but to see but yeah i've seen it all right now the two i hate this full one six fourteen forty nine percent get with it okay give life we like it a lot it's so it's it's it's it's a million whatever that means uh when we were scotch or i was fired seventy five they like for a while but but but but but but but when mow was like go fifty one i see that when he was here they hate no they hated them they wouldn't market down in the book they did everything in their power like to store that man just like jol find her his doing a was anything evil i could do to poor mow what he ever knew to them i mean we know what he did to us that's another story try to get us all fired when mow was like go fifty one i want to win all sports forty six George has got a winner there it's going over pretty well when he went for warnings forty that's uh not looking pretty and look at that five point six percent you see the fifty six only problem is just like with thanks number the decimals in a wrong place when stern was taken off thirty five when scotch or i was hired thirty two and i think that was actually that was like at the beginning of the end right what grib was right after the uh janit action uh it's booby flap that's a super bowl i've ever seen it i've been out i know seriously you could not be over the feather i couldn't believe it i mean right now when the FCC is promising to put everybody in jail if they say crap and now we're putting scotch roll on here or clearance became pd twenty one there's no point even commenting on that jolbel became gm nineteen but he is swell jolbel he's a good glad hander when he'll came on fifteen that was the beginning of the end of the sports dynasty when scoy and got can ten when the ticket came on here still nine was something in the way they all my god when christmore on left four and when grid red left only two only a pair and i'm sure he and uh i know somebody else to i can't i can't mention her name i'm sure it's not mirrored in his ex-wife twenty seven past eleven five sixty by the way we don't miss you at all graga thanks for screwing up the station leaving this mess for everybody else to clean up you know it's like a big elephant comes in your house and squats and just leave all and then just water us back out again right off the uh back door for however it's squeezed in an elephant starts squeezing too much you know you got sores big an atsaurus everybody in their brothers worried about termites right now there's a big piece in the uh here they're there about those four motion termites there's big is uh is eggplants and they are ravenous man once they get in uh they don't leave anything behind so if you think you might have termites in your house or you know that you do stop it right now before they chew your place to bits and your house too call ridd it pest control for a free no obligation termite inspection don't come to your home just like your dad in the day now what did they find stuff you said oh yeah they're going to set the house on fire they're going to pour gasoline on it and it's good and then have like a ceremony to back your right home to crucify your ass ridd it pest control uses that amazing orange roll treatment that kills termites and the rags out of percent on contact in fact they're gone faster than you can say time to exit idiot if you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them you don't have to tend to your house which uh yeah I can't emphasize enough how unseen you that is it's so embarrassing if I send a message stab this neighborhood it's contaminated you don't have to worry about poison is gas no will be out of staying in hotels or motels like a stepchild for days and weeks at a time no worry about food or pests in your health even if your pets are like in an urn on the fireplace they treat your home with a amazing orange already don't have to leave it all in fact when the folks at ridd it pest control are done tweeting your property the only thing left behind is a clean set of oranges for just a few days it's true if you have a termite problem call ridd it pest control right now find out of a bit of this amazing orange or treatment that kills termites and the rags on her persona contact no tending no BS no kidding call right now for a free no obligation inspection they'll check it out for you call 1-800-447-4447-4448 when you call be sure and tell them that Greg Reed told you to call 1-800-447-433-48 this is new röger why solid this is 5162 beginscycle Oh, great, but you're in the morning. We've got a group of time, thousands of labels, trying across the line. Send you to the corner, and we won't take no time. Trigger fingers, and she just got me from the red band. Down on the border, near the real brand, which in the god's man away. Trying to be glad in the sand. They won't eat body-on-over, and make it even get a tan. Won't see no car farmers, just picking out dinner bands. There's no one named Lord Helen, but a lot of men named Lord. And they don't want to kill you, just want to know your love. Down on the border, near the real brand, near the real brand. We'll see the god's man trying to keep the Mexican way. Did he say they just want to know? Oh, that was a little cutie, I guess. Shot a thing. Somebody cutie, I am, hello. Cutie, you? Yes, sir. I think you got to do a fire to your heart. Join the bitch. Oh, you're a little bit old. That's a good choice, thank you very much. Thanks a lot, pal. Excellent. How can we forget that bitch? Let's see. Things started going in the toilet room when the bees eat when they hired Joyce. That's why they need to put their hired Joyce. That she will go zooming past everybody like they're in reverse. Is there any doubt? No. Bitch. Tateful bitch. Of course, she's two doors away from Carol and Beesley. She's sitting there and I'm going to protect her license. How come any of you want to help put the stern on the ear and damn near lost at anything? How come she's not taking the fall for that? That's what I would like to know. When a corporate legal who has no background in radio whatsoever and is eminently and totally and thoroughly unqualified to be making any decisions about anything I've been doing with radio, much less owning one, when she's in charge in the Congressriots on this show, then you know we're in deep, deep elephant manure, man. You can smell it like drowning in a sea of it. You know how keep talking about elephant manure this morning? Yes, we work. Because I think that's the general aroma of her. Thank God, it's that time of the year man. How did I last this fire? Wow. It seems like only about 17 years since that last summer schedule. God. Speaking of all the good stuff, freedom is on the march in Iraq. Your freedom is on the march. See this just goes back to the news about the beheading. Okay, the mainstream media, they won't tell you a damn thing about, you know, Michael Lourne had a show in the Fahrenheit 9-11. The Chop Chop Square to be hitting the right there in a public square. These barbarians. But, you know, they won't show you that, but they'll show you the thing with Alzar Calia and Nicholas Burg and this and that. But he'll be, oh, he's a barbarian. Well, yeah, so are most of those people that we're in bed with, you know, the bush families in bed with them. Those bedwins. Freedom's on the march and for the women of Iraq, the war is just beginning. Says this article by Terry Judd in Bosra. The women of Bosra have disappeared. Three years after the US let invasion of Iraq, women's secular freedoms. Once the enemy of women all across the Middle East have been snatched away because the militant, because militant Islam is rising across the country. What we've done is basically created another Iran. You know, for all the rumblings about Iran and all of the southern countries, we've just created another one, side by each. Across Iraq, a bloody and relentless oppression of women is taken hold. Many women had their headshade for refusing to wear a scarf and have been stoned in the street for wearing makeup. Others have been kidnapped in murder for crimes that have been labeled simply as inappropriate behavior. The insurrected against the fragile and barely functioning state is left the country, pray to extremists who's notion of freedom doesn't extend to women. In a British occupied South where Maktada Alzar is methy army, and the gang of strangled women insist that the situation is that it's worse here. They're forced to live behind closed doors. Only to emerge concealed behind scarves, hidden behind husbands and fathers. Unclean, even wearing a pair of trousers, and consider an act of defiance punishable by? Yeah, death. Oh. One Bosra, a manonomy, is Dr. Kifaya, was working in the women and children's hospital at Unity City University. When she started receiving threats from extremists, she defied them. Then one day, a man walked in the building and guessed what he did. I give up. Murdered her. Oh God. Eman, that's what she said. Eman Aziz, one of the first women to speak publicly about the danger, said that we're five people on the devilish with Dr. Kifaya. They were threatened if you continue working, you'll be killed too. Many women are too afraid to complain, but fearful that their rights will be awarded for good, some have taken the courageous step of speaking out. Dr. Kifaya was only one of many professional women, murdering recent months, speaking to the British independent newspaper near Sodom's old palace in the middle of Bosra. Mrs. Aziz, we are law of names of their other dead friends. Three of our university class members of Inkilt Sincy invasion, including a friend, Shida and her sister. They were threatened. One day they returned to their house with two other women. They were all shot. Her name is Chillingly Perfuntary. And my friend, Lubma, she was with their fiance. They shot him in the arm. Then they killed her in front of Mrs. Scythlain. Then there were two sisters who worked in laundry at the Bosra Palace base. With a shroud she briefly detailed each life cut short. Murdered. Virtured. Under Sodom, women played little part in political life. But business women and academics travel the country on challenge, while their daughters mixed freely with male students of the university. Under that evil Sodom, that evil door. Now, even the most emancipated woman feels cowed. Cowed like those pictures you saw in Inkrabia. That's right. A television producer, our age, Al Sol Tan, 27, Al Aixelsis, is much more women were born in the south. I blame the British for not taking a strong stand. We're dealing with them, Brits. So, Jida Hounoun, Al Abibi, Body, Buebudi, 30, seven-light Mrs. Aziz is not taking away in the headscarf. She said, women are being assassinated. We know that people being had at her saying, we have a fuck-while. These are not good women they should be killed. They're unclean. Behind the wave of insurgent attacks, the violence against women who did a challenging Islamic orthodoxy is growing. Fath was banning women from driving or being seen out and alone, our regular issued. Infiltrated by Malicia, the place are unwilling or unable to crack down on the front of men lists. Mrs. Al Abibi said after the fall of the regime, the religious extremist parties came out of the streets and threatened women. All of the extremists are in the minority. They controlled powerful positions that they controlled Bosra. The venture demonstrates today without a male relative is to risk attack, humiliation or kidnap. A journalist shocked her, said, I was driving my car one day when someone just crashed into me and drove me off the road. If women seen driving these days, it's seen driving. It's considered violation of men's rights. They're astrified that Islamic law will become enshrined and new legislation. Mrs. Aziz said, and they must on the religion if a man dies, his money goes to a male member of the family. After the Iraq Iran war, there were so many widows that saw them change the law, so we go to the women and children. Now they changed it back, so it only goes to the men. Mrs. Al Abadi estimated that there's many 70% of women in Bosra have been widowed by constant conflicts. You see widows on the streets begging through the intersections, begging like schlopers. Spares in change, Mr. ... that's how they say it, you know, like Canadians. Spares in change, have a nice day, and toxic hoys. They can't even use that ultra-boil line. Now they can use that in them. It's certainly not there. They definitely take them to the top-to-top square on the Catholic. And chop it. I'm thinking that's what we need to do, man. They work very well, they're in the Crusades in the Equosition. They've got to start up again. Turn everybody into like a good cat like the Pope, a Pope will help out. He's a Nazi. He can make them all in order to be a camera field threat. If we don't have to worry about no Muslims in Jews and atheists, diagnostics and Buddhists, scientists, you know. You're fairies. Stuff like that. That's what they need to do. Or do what I suggested yesterday, and just milk, all the Middle Eastern countries. And I realized that not only extremists are in those countries, but it would kind of like, I would think wouldn't it send like a message? Yeah, like a message? Yeah. Yeah. Like cut the crap or your next. That's basically what we need to do then. Then quit having a whole world hanging like by Tetherhooks, whatever that means. Waiting to see if we're going to be alive or dead based on all these ancient hatreds, man. All these ancient religious and tribal hatreds. Good, Gali, Miss Molly. If you're a cigar smoke, you're likely to kick back with a good premium fat one and a cigar two, then the he is the guards by Tony Barhani is absolutely for you. He's hard to find cigars that made with first grade tobacco process in aged up to 10 years. But he is a real motix cigar maker and they specialize in small bags trying to find tobacco. But he had gold, a flagship line gets a 90-wereating buy. cigars face an out of cigar and sight are 9-po and 1-wereating by Schmuck Magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full-body Nick Carragwood cigar. It's got earthy hints of dark rose coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also try that may he had the sale. This one is the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months. Wait till you get a hold of one of these babies. It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar facing out of a cigar insider. They just say it was a big, powerful, strong cigar man. You'll be confident choking up a store. We'll be gagging on it with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-body with additional spice in the order chart. When you pull one of these in your post, you'll know you are a real man. Or, 3C-40% off on the he is cigar. Be sure to tell him that he arrived at Sanchez. Say 40% off the regular cost to be called as tool free number and mention my name. 1-800 35-00 here. That's 1-800 35-B-A-H-I-A. This is Neil Roger. So those are those. This is 5-16-2-1. The fact in the turf ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future. Act strange, and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, small reliable. I am the only one to be an experienced person. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and same feelings by the Colonel's ghost-knif crackle and pop. Go up to a tip at booth and try to stick your head to the hole with a say how much. Link is strange here. Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play a go-fetch with a seen eye dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling, Kill a bees, kill a bees. Say the word, titty, without smiling. Try to figure out who said Pauli Shorj, It's power and movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appeared for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Kera Top Success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bob-pustist and toss them on a long next door. Go on a car trip with bob-pustists and force of the state and his car seat. Try to dribble bob-pustists. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really epistomal. Wish no real will to anyone, unless you don't like them, then school them around their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a healthy angel if he's a woman or has always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and Old Lady. Imagine go repile and negate by trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it, embrace it, protect it, and have it so often. Take it out for a nice knife. Caron of not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange. And people will leave you alone. That's a loser. It's 11.49, 11.02. And we got the big old rock solid. Two to full. At the NBA finals in Dallas where you got roasted last 9.90 to 80. And that's a score, I think so. Yes. We haven't taken a line 9. Josh is lying here quite some time now. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey. Neil. Yes sir. It's a Neil propopinow. Chris. I'm this line. I'm lying 9. Yeah. Yeah. I call it at line. Neil from Pompinow. Well, you want to spice up the show you going to a meeting later. I'm not going to any meeting. Well, this morning it's a do some kind of meeting. Whatever. Yeah. I'm going to be in an under for a meeting. I drive around all day. Then let's see for 25 years. I've been here 35 years. Well, I'm so sorry. And I'm not ready. They may be left one time. I had a pull off the road. Only once in 25 years. I need to get a batting in. No. You did five minutes of park noises. And it just I had a pull off the road. Well, I'm sure you might remember those because you won't be here in those no more. No. You can do it. Neil. I listen to Bob and Tom every morning because of you. And they say, oh, what's whatever they want. Tell me, ask you to Bob and Tom play fart noises. Bob and Tom, they make you. They play pond and it's all the time. Well, nobody in English language used to work ponders but you. No, you know where that comes from. That comes from that Casey case and good. Condorist man, freaking pondered. Don't you remember that in fact, I'm going to play that in a minute. Well, anyway, they also use, uh, with two people just say, a holy moly. Right. They use holy moly one. What you used it one day and they used it the next day. See, they did it. They did it. Yeah, they're from Indianapolis, up in the way where the hell you used the live and a roll up and everything and everything. What you need to do is take the caller right. Do you off the phone? So the intellectuals aren't afraid to call you up because everybody thinks you're making a whiff. Everybody's scared to be on Neil Rogers is with. Oh, yeah. Like we do call our idea on this show. Are you kidding me? No, because when I get out of here, I'll come out of my block. If I just start 67, it doesn't go through. We don't even have caller ID on the system. Yeah, but the phone, the company gave me doesn't allow my number to show and it never says, isn't it? It's party, isn't it? So let me ask you, do you were doing good in the beginning, Neil, because I like Bob and Tom, but what does this have to do with any? I want to spice up your show and get it back. Okay, well, coming next week and see if you can do it. Five, six, seven, five. You want to spice up the show by telling me to take off the caller ID so the intellectuals are called. Right. No one intellectuals. Okay. I don't know a person. There aren't any. That's number one. He was all right. That's what we ought to have on the morning. Who's me? And then why would you do? What would you do? Monday morning, I'd have Bob and Tom on the morning, six to ten. I get that big goal off it. I'd stick his ass on it like a week in. He used to be in Shilin. He'd be fine for filling that sports crapping. And I have him on six to ten. We'd still be doing ten to two. And then I have mad dog. I like two to five. And I have Hank on four to seven with a crossover hour with a two together four, which I suggested to do. And I would be at starting Monday. That's what I would do. I wouldn't keep pots getting around like this. It's today is the ninth of June boys and girls. So if you're wondering, if you think I'm getting a little carried away with this whole business about QM going in a crapper and like a falling apart. Believe me. It's the farthest thing from what I want. Little did I ever. I asked George before the show to him. And he was like almost fell off the side of the chair. Yeah. How could anybody have ever envisioned even with a sports nerd in a reputition's garbage over it. And even with that stupid bunch of crap across the street, that's only getting one and two shares. How could anybody have envisioned that this radio station could have ever had hours right in the daytime when a son is shining and people are awake. Where we had like not only one in two shares, forget about that, but numbers that start with it. Oh, who could believe that? Like between two and four. We have got no audience, no mole between two and four. Maybe that's because we got no mole. This coming from the same general man. Well, we let him go really because we sure came to any worse than that one. Sure he was doing it. Well, guess what? Surprise. Surprise. How does point five, son man? As in what's the point? So that's why we're taking this poll today. See if the audience can, you know, which they can't. How's Joyce doing on this? She's got eight votes already. She's going down there for like about four seconds. Yeah, the feeling of no. No, they know that we're our hands who tried to be on our back. That was a direct quote from your general man. They expected you to show your hands tied behind your back and you can't say anything. Can't even play fart sounds. And he was he that told me like on kids shows they play fart sounds. But we can't not have to set a big deal, but it's just it's like a, it's a symptom of the disease. It's emblematic of just how far they've let this bitch go because she's got carelton, bee's leaves, ear over to her naples and a pair of these kind of, it was your life. I'm here to protect you. Yeah, how come you didn't protect you back when you put the stern on your bitch. You idiot. Knowing an advance, anybody knew that you couldn't put a show on your own self-hort. For the obvious reason, you know, and then doing it, he wasn't on the air for three hours. The very first day, three hours when it were complaints, probably a TC. That's true. That's a true story. That is a true story. Yes. And that, and that keep in mind, that's even with duck sitting in it with his 84 dump buttons, drilling holes in that chair like a piece of twist. Excuse me. He was drilling it. Why? What do I say? Nothing. What did I do there? At least let me enjoy it and it was something good. Let me say, Duffin' drilling, I just, you know. Oh, I think it's funny. Oh, there we go again. Do you fairies? Everything with Duff always comes back to one place. Back home. Seven, sixty, seven. I've flown on many of those. They're okay. I prefer a nice big 747 myself. I remember what I knew nothing about airplanes. I was pretty embarrassing. Remember an IOD? Nope. I was talking about that, Alotized 747 and what a small crappy plane was. And nothing with the size of the plane was the way it was like configured. Of course, being the expert that I am. Anyway, 767 votes. Things started going in the toilet at QM1. Others were at Marciano. We're good looking. Take those clothes off, man. And nobody wants to see what a suit in the tie on. You idiot. Wanna see him naked? Joe Rose left 133. You know how the Russians have the naked, the newscasters or whether customers, whatever she is, I'm Russian TV. Right? So I've heard it. See, I see an entity brains. We really want to go something on it. I've got some of these people on their naked, you know. Right? Like, I'm trying to avoid more. Yeah. Oh, maybe so late, dad. She proud. She proud. Yeah, we're good about what the people had she. People want to see her naked. When she was pregnant, that'd been a good turn. No, I'm not talking about that. I'm not. And Rob Marciano, people would watch like crazy. And I would watch. About that headline news. They have that Robin Whatternate. Robin Williams? Yeah, that's Robin Seymour. Robin Seymour. Robin was Robin. Things started going in the toilet when Joe Rose left 133. And Sturich came on 123. Samultaneous 33% between the two of my third. A third of their audience get it. They know it. I hate this pull 120, 50 and a half. First of all, you know what we mean? They'll care. I'm tired of those people. They hate everything. When Scott Farrell was half-five. And you know what? Those are coming like from a management types. They're voting numerous times. Scott Farrell was fired 79 when Mo was like, oh, 55. That was the, oh, turning point. We went right on the tank when we said, bye-bye, Mo. When they went all sports, 50 won a long time ago, man, before we came on the scene, don't blame us for that one. When Hank went to morning, 44, but that number sure is looking. That point six percent again. There it is. 56 again with a decimal in the wrong place. Although we only wish we had a five point six. The morning, the leave move. Or in the afternoon. Or overnight, what we had the number starts with a zero. When Sturich was taken off 37, when Scott Farrell was hired 33, that was a really good move. When Tyrants became the PD-23, which is a little kitty core. When Joe Bell became the GM-19, when Neil came on 17, that was the beginning of the end. For the sports empires, we knew it. When he hired Joyce 11, see how she's climbing up there? She's going to pass me like I'm laying down. When Scurangot came to live in La, when the ticket came on, he only came to the D.A. So, Tom Taudiichi, that's sad. Chris Moore on the floor, and we're great-reel left only. Only two, only Greg and the Water Name. 1158 at 5.60, WDC, and the summer season is upon us, baby. It means it must be close to five years, day and guess what? A week from the Sunday, it is. So, do something good for your father. Sunday, June 18, we all know what dads like to do under big day, and when they're done doing that before after and end around it, they'd like to eat two. It's time to call the melting pot and make a reservation for fathers. They're melting pot is a fantastic, amazing, fondue restaurant. They're for earth. That's right, you got the melting pot there today. Oh, wow, yeah. I forgot about that. I almost got a big gob of horsebackers going here. Hmm. One big green in. All the meats, the shrimp, the lobster tails, the various steaks, scallops, chicken, brown man, and all of the dipping sauces, and you're dipping in dunking. Do they bring the desserts in two or not? Go nut this time around. They rotate. Go in for zero. Your sugar will go like a ballistic. It'll be like up to 800 by the heart. Me out of here as it is. Right. Cartman. The melting pot is a fondue restaurant addition to their famous cheetah chocolates. They serve up some serious meats like Josh and George and Jordan right now. Josh is quiet, you know, because he's probably got a lot of food in his mouth. I'm stalking the food. I'll be right. You're stalking it. And the food too. They serve up serious meats and fish for hungry dads like you. It's hardy on for it. Some set of cut filet and mignon, the black and shrimp. Terry Acky's surloin, pork lobster and more. I'm jealous. The melting pot definitely serves some serious food for serious appetites. Take it from me. Nobody walks out of their hungry at the melting pot. You'll water out of there like you just had 18 meals with a big smile on your face. They have an award-winning wine list on top of all of this. And don't forget to melt the pot's famous dessert. This is the piece of resistance you won't be able to resist it. Just amazing dipping and dunking in a chocolate and a white chocolate all your fruits. The guaranteed to put a big smile on dad's face. He probably never dipped in anything that could in his life. So make that call the day and bite dad to dip into something different and he wishes that the melting pot rest around near you. Not just a meal but a full four course gift for dad from you. And don't forget to tell them that old meal sent you by. You'll find a melting pot in Kendall. Cooper City, North Miami Beach, Vokaford, L'Auradale and coral spring. This is New Roger. This is 516. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8. Now we're up to our long-distance dedication. And this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all understand. Whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man and Cincinnati, Ohio. And here's what he likes. Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it. Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuggles. But he was most certainly a part of us go start again. Come on out of the record. Play the record, okay. Please. See when you come out of those up-tempered, damn numbers, man is impossible to make those transitions. And then you got to go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they're all they do it for, but damn it. If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it. Is that on the phone? Okay. I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't enough. Enough tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication. Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week. It's a god-lask damn time. I want somebody who's in brain to not come out of a damn record that is that's up-tempered. And I gotta talk about a thing's all dying. Well, it's just a ponderist man. Ponders. Ponders. Ponders. Pumbo Ford 560. There's your ponderist for you. Look at that. There's that soccer player from wherever he's from. From Germany, Costa Rica, I'm going. I've done it. I'm not going to show him Berlin on there. Secondly, put it on there for it. They're just jammed up with good people from everywhere all over the world. By the way, what a whole cup. Or a fake dub because normally Josh gets really shafting because the food's all going on in here. Did you say when dub comes in, Josh gives Shafton? That's not exactly what I said, but the dub is running the board so that Josh can actually get some of this food this time around. Well, I'll be damned. That was off me, Sweden. Yes it is. Hello, Neil. 792 votes on a pool. We better get that baby cranked up man. Better get that thing going. If we're going to make it to a thousand. I mean, we got two hours to go. Yeah, there's all those people in Berlin. Look at that. I see him. I'll be there pretty soon. Wait for me. Oh. Oh my god. Look at that. I'll provide it. It goes in the dark. Hispanic high school students use drugs and attempts to assign it far higher rates than their white and black classmates. His new federal survey. That is the expert sum up for a plus. And you're trying to lay the stuff on the beaners again. Everything you don't like about Latinos. It's always the beaners. Yeah, they're the Latinos. No, they are not. What do you mean they're Latino? What does that mean? All of them solve Latinos. Yeah, what do you call yourself? Latin? The English word is Latin. Well, this is the associated press. Okay, what kind of a, you know, it's not like some Mexican expert who sent a fox in this. First of all, it's a Hispanic rule. Do nicely. More than 11% of all Latinos, then 15% of Latino girls said they had tended to suicide. According to more than 11% of all Latino students. According to the report issued yesterday by the West Endist for Disease Control and Prevention, the white and black rates were about seven and a half percent. Latinos also reported much higher rates of using cocaine, heroin, ecstasy, and methamphetamines. The use of condoms was at lower rates than other population groups. On a one of the, uh, reproduced like rabbits. Just like them Muslims. My God. We really don't understand this phenomenon as well. As we showed, said Dr. Glenn Flores of the Medical College of Wisconsin. The CDC survey a C survey of nearly 14,000 US high school students has been conducted every other year since 1991. Questioners go to students and grades nine through 12 in public and private high schools in all 50 states and D.C. Researchers got parental permission for each student to participate in. Adolescence can always be counted on to tell the truth about their sexual exploits and of course neither can adults. Drought use to rather risky behaviors, but officials took many steps to ensure accurate responses. They probably put like a meter on their, uh, you know. Participation was confidential. Kids were spaced apart when answering the questions. By the way, Joyce already have to over me on a poll. Like I was in reverse that bitch, you go girl and hateful obnoxious nasty sal. Participation was confidential. Kids were spaced apart when answering the questions. Teachers did not hover and the questioner was designed so everyone would finish at the same time. Report contains some good news. Only 10% of high school students said they never are rarely wore a seat belt. Or are writing in a car. Uh, but the percentage student said they had smoked in the last month. Roast lightly 23%. Of course it doesn't say what they smoked. After on 22,000. Also there was no decline in the percentage student said they had had sexual intercourse, which helps study at 47% or the percentage of sexual active students as they used to condom, which was 63%. However, it's the first time in 14 years that condom used to be among sexually active high school students. This is not risen. Said Martha Kempner, spokeswoman for these sexuality, uh, information education as a bunch of perverts. It calls into question the federal government's investment in Athens only until marriage programs. Many of which openly discouraged condom you she said. Black students reported the most sexual activity. How do you like that? They got answered their pants. Just in fact, what it is? Maybe they got that. Uh huh. That must be it. The most also Blacks reported the most TV watching in the highest use of video or computer games. White kids were the most frequent smokers and heavy drinkers. And we're worse about eating out fruits and veggies. Not enough white fruits. But Hispanic students and other problems. About 36% of it. See now it's switched from Latinos to Hispanic. There's not all of a sudden man. They're seamless. Seriously, we just went from Latinos to Hispanics. About 36% of Hispanics reported prolonged feelings of sadness or hopelessness. Slightly higher than previous year. Whoa. And contrast about 28 and a half percent of black students reported such feelings. About the same is the two previous surveys. And about 26% of white students reported such feelings. I guess none of them were curing them. In the category of drug use, one and eight Latino students seen our back to Latino again. So they done cocaine, one intended done ecstasy, one in 11 methane fedemines. And one in 28 heroin. The need to watch them quickly. Hispanic supported much higher rates of drug use in previous surveys. Not hasn't changed. See that? And we just went from Latino to Hispanic to get through. Substance abuse is higher in Hispanic kids who are more at home with American culture. It's unclear why that is. They said, but we need to understand that better. Then we can learn how we can protect all of our youth. Right. I got to explain it easily. What's that? Since Hispanic is at a race, you just compare the colors. And you'll see it all at us. Well, what does that mean? Set another shot at beavers again? That's a shot at beavers. And probably shot at beavers. That's a shot at beavers. That's a shot at beavers. This is your shot at beavers. What it is. And Indians. What do you got to get to see Indians now? Nothing. They're just different. Yeah. Well, you know something you don't know any Indians. I know plenty of Indians. No. I'm not talking about Indians. You're not talking about real Indians from India. Do the Indians in America. From India. I know my Indians man. For them in Toronto. Maybe they don't know. They don't know the Indians. I don't know the Indians. We got 800 votes. Yeah. They got issues. All right. There's some really, really hot looking people from India man of all three senses. But boy, some of them if they, I can't go back to it again. If they were born in this hemisphere, they don't have that. Well, I take that back. No, seriously. No, listen to me. When you eat enough of anything, it gets into your like, gross. Again, it gets into the pigment of your skin. You know how strong curry is? No. I don't. Well, go down the hall if he was still there. Go down the hall. It's a good curry. Maybe that's what I had to get with his ass. Sure, I'm going to smell like cocktail sauce. If you want to go about stuff, man. He's a survivor. We got stabbed in the back there and he's still around. You know, he's got there out selling all those other sniffs. He's doing a job. He adapts. Of course, we still got the same old steel copy for all of you. But that's, you know, it's way, goes. We don't do copy of this taste. We're hiring a great new copy person pretty soon. Not 800 and three votes on the poll today. This is, that's probably why tough came in. You're not to let Josh go eat. He wanted to hear the poll. How about how much if we add on there since tough got moved to sales? Huh? You want to put that on there? I think does very happy in sales. Well, he ought to be. I tell you one thing right now is not to be the time to be involved in programming. I don't know. It's not that. You can't complain about our programming because we don't have any. It's the only stage now that we're working where they just take the names and put them on sheets of paper and toss them up out of a hat in the air whenever they come down on a ground man. It's when they're on the air. Don't forget we got the big old this afternoon. Rock solid from Dallas. Boy, that's exciting. Okay, let's take a look at our thing. Shake it up. I'm just excited about Joey. She's climbing. She might even hop over Joe Rose. Things start to go in in the toilet. If you have one Joe Rose life for 135, during came on, 124, when muff was sitting in there with those 87 dump buttons and those nifty headsets on the pink ones. I hate this job. This pool, 122. Scott Ferrell was fired 80 when Moe was led to 57. And by the way, Clarence, he's in the meeting. I forgot. Clarence, all the things that Scott said he unafoned for well. I asked second ed emotion. When he went all sports, 54 when he dropped that great country music man, I still say, let's put the country music back on A.M. And let's take over kiss. We got to form a GM of kiss. Let's kiss it. I agree. Let's take a quick look. Let's kiss it. Look at you so much with that right. On FM, with a real signal, 100,000 watts. I thought I was in 99. Oh, beauty. When all sports, 54 when he went to morning, 50, oh boy. When Stern was taken off 38, that's when we started really dumping it. Scott Ferrell was hired 34 when Clarence became PD-23. When he hired Joyce 22, Joyce is right on Kerr's ass now. I know it. I know the two of them were joined to the hip. Ever seen together? No. Same person. When Joe Bell became GM-19, when Neil came on a year 17, that was the beginning of the demise. I surmise. When the ticket came on a year, Salmente dosa, only 12. When screw-in got canned, 11. I got a good line for that. But yeah, yeah. When go. And that's something to do with canned. When Chris Moore on the 4M, when Greg Relatt, only 2 Greg in the somebody. I call the imagine what her name is. So that's the way to pull it out. We're going to go to Edo 2. We better hop on it. Get over 900 by the top of the R. So we don't have to feel like we're about to 1000. Too much stress on anything. Don't forget you want to kill him. Street team from 3 to 5 this afternoon and tomorrow with George from noon to 2. If they were going to use Carousels event, go on right now. It's often stating PP Park. Joe Ravi Stadium. Stuff item in prizes and check out the My Display booth both from pub set. Both booth. If you love voting, I went to my doing the wrong spot. Oh, here's another one of the dust spots. Do I know how far ahead I'm getting to myself? It's a very good. No, the reason I did that is because I'm a break ahead of myself. And by the way, I'm sure that Chris is a fine human being. We know you better tell him to have somebody have a discussion with him about like separation because basically what is going to have me doing is like the same spots back to back over and over again. I'm not even talking about with the other spot. Just back to back. Ever do it back to back? Asked off. Speak to that. Exotic of Miami Beach is fun with signing venue for the public to purchase the hottest new product and services from the BelvedingTV before they close it all down. Attention bed. Me the adults stars including Jen and Jamison. And the club's integrals terror panforgan others. Take pictures you can brag about for your shop for something really sexy and the largest adult marketplace on these coast. Enjoy entertainment on stage with answering from the comedic stylings of Ron Jeremy. He is a panic. Just look at him. Just take a sniff. To a 15 person mail and female group group performance. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. You can see the biggest difference in the world. An exotic Claim Butt face a celebration of sexy. This is real Roger. This is by 1622. Introducing the 2AM box office presented by Burger King. This is the grower taste closest. Every truth is that 2AM box office isολoping for your chance to win to gets to upcoming sophomore events, and called the 2AM box office on Sport traditional 5 livestock It's Friday, you first news. Welcome to the World Coast Soccer Championships, I'm Toby Charles. And I'm Nigel Durby. Today's match fits the science-ologists of America. Against the French railions. How do you rate this match? Well, it should be quite the contest. Celebrate science-ologists against a railion squad made up entirely of pose of soccer great paylays. Both teams are taking the field. The science-ologists will kick off. And what on do we? It's basically passing the Trump to Boulder. He marked closely by paylays number four. Paylays number six is slaps. One loses in the clear. I don't know whether that will be followed from Trump at all time. Cruise attacks to the nitrogen. He fight the cruiser. He's in the back of the net. Before he goes, just take a quick one nearly. And the way is what is there in a piece, Toby. The way Nianzine has him true cultivation committed massager. My husband's all the audience. Going us for our next match. And the Southwest and the ligaments take on the net head. Next time on the World Cup Soccer Championships. Cheers! Funny past noon at 5.60WQM happy Friday 2. Have I to everybody with a brain is out of town? Unless they just absolutely have to be there. Right? Like us. Right. Here's a fast from Jane, who obviously is doing a too much medication. Right. She says, you're near. Last night on Penn and Tower show, they took on religious nuts. They came, condoms don't work. Jocelyn Elders of one of their guest building condoms. Any chance you can play that Valka Brian bit with Jocelyn? No. It would be a public service announcement. No. Yeah. Right, Jane. As you wrote on the bottom. Yeah. Right. That's I'm reading. That would explode. That's what you're patient. But you are. We'd be off here before the bed ended. No, no question about that. Hi. This is Jocelyn Elders. That's right. That's much as we're playing. There you go. Jane, nice to charge. Thanks. Maniac. When you stop and think of all the stuff that we can't see and we can't play. And you see how they do it? And the public says, oh, well, you know, shock radio. Yeah, shock this. Shock my ass. I'll go get the teleprotein. I don't think we're going to make the thousands of books. You want to know why? Because the level is like, they're coming in like creeping now. Said like in chunks for a 21. I mean, if we can get to 900 by the top of the hour, I think we got it. But I'm not too sure. Because it, well, you said time. We can, baby, so we can, in almost the middle of June already, you think anybody with a brain is hanging out in that God forsaken place. They gone somewhere. They have gone somewhere. Just like me, a two o'clock. You think I'm going to be sitting around here waiting for the phone to ring. So I'm going to report from Norma about his stellar lunch today with a blind leading the blind. Do you think I want to hear about that? No. The theme of a PG-rated film may itself call for parental guidance. State see of online explanation of the rating system for movies by the motion picture association of America. And their crystal clear why described why its PG rating exists to say warning fact flag. There may be some profanity in these films, there may be some violence or brief nudity. The PG rating suggesting parental guidance is thus an alert for examination of a film by parents before deciding on its viewing by their children. Obviously such a line is difficult to draw, says, but disagreements are given. The Christian movie makers behind a low budget film called Facing the Giants. What I must be about very bonds. Facing the Giants were stunned when the MPAA pinned a PG rating on their gentleman will be about a burned out depressed football coach whose life on and off the field takes a miraculous turn for the better. I don't tell me he found Jesus. What the motion picture association said is that the movie contains strong, thematic elements that might disturb some parents say Chris Fure by President from Markini and Providence films which is owned by Sony Pictures. Providence plans to open a film next fall in February the eighth theaters nationwide of Samuel Goodwin for Golden Films which has worked with indie movies like The Squid in the Whale. Samuel Goal Run. See, leave it to the Jews to prop up the Goi and it happens every time. What, which teematic elements earned the squeaky claim movie its PG rating? Facing the Giants is too evangelistic. I think that's what we need to do man. We need to disturb passing laws against religious nuts. I say let's outlaw religion for 10 years. See how I answer now. Let's give it an experiment. You know. Oh, it's easy. You have to just see. You can't take money for it. If you find anybody like you know off of their head. Anybody wants to squat down in a carpet just yell at them. You're frowning. I'm going to say it again. When I see a guy kneeling on a carpet with an ass up in the year. I mean, you know, yeah. Yeah. It conjures up only one thing to me. The MPA noted fewer tends to offer cryptic explanations for its ratings. In this case, she was told that if decided that movie was heavily laden with messages from one religion. How about what you call it? Well, what was that? The passion of the Christ with all that violence in there probably had like PG, Z, uh, I think it was right at all. Anyway, heavily laden with messages from one religion is might offend people from other religions. It's important that they used the word proselytizing when they talk about giving this movie a PG. Good. It's kind of interesting that faith is you enlist a bitly since that the MPA bore wants to warm parents to worry about. Over Christian messages are woven throughout facing the giants, which isn't surprising since the film was covered in co-produced by others. Alex and Stephen Kendrick are one of their kin to Eddie Kendrick. He was on a point of the day. Who are the associate pastors of media at Sherwood Baptist Church in Albany, Joja? Oh my God. Can you imagine being an Albany, if I'd been an Aintree? They'd do a lot of strange things up there in the woods. In this, working with the mega churches cable TV channel, they created a Sherwood Pictures Ministry collecting private donations to fund a $25,000 movie called Flywheel about a way where Christian used car salesmen. We probably moved to the Coda. We're seeing the giants cost $100,000 and resembles a fusion of the book of Job and a whole, a homemade Hoosiers on perhaps a small school Friday night. I don't can't read this thing. Perhaps a small school Friday night lights blended with Billy Grainman, Jellico Association movies that used to appear in some mainstream theaters. True it pictures you've looked upon to his actors and extras backed by a small crew of tech professionals. The movie includes waves of answered prayers, a medical miracle, a mysterious silverhead mystic who delivers a message from God and a bench warmer her kicks a 51 yard year old when the big game when his handy can't father pulls himself out of a wheelchair and sends out of a gold port and spares us. It's unsafe. How do you prepare a prayer driven gust of wind out there, too? Probably put the ball right between the operates. How do you like that? See if we would have just used that wooden shoe like Tom Demssey did. But he kicked that 60 one yard field goal. 63. Yeah. Did you? Yeah. Well I guess what he wouldn't know bandwinter. That was Tommy Dorsey. I thought he'd dance. What do we got on the pool? We got a little bit in the morning. We got a little bit concerned about this. We got too much pressure for Friday. We got too many things going on. We need to squeeze and press 830 now. 800 in. But 30 men on a pool. And especially now the joyous is on there. Oh, joyous. He was laying down. And wouldn't be the first time. She had now. She's moving into for a while and for a while was higher. She's just climbing up the list man. Climbing up that ladder relentlessly. Fearlessly. Like a relentless bitch that she is. Seriously. Bush wants to add somebody to the list of evil doers on a planet. That one right there. Joyce Fitzgriams with beat of with a switch. 26 pass no to find 60 WQM if you love voting and like it up there in the water and you auto. Here's the deal. Vying a bow cost your fortune. And then that's just the beginning where you're heading. So start because you got the maintenance to take care of. And then you got to worry about hurricane season. All of this stuff. Forget about that. Get yourself a boat to the smart way by calling club notico at 1-800-Bolt rent right now. Why would you want to pay all the expenses of buying a boat? You're holding a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free. Join the club of club notico called 1-800-Bolt rent. You'll be amazed at just how easy to make it free to enjoy the water. Though docking costs and respects about keep no insurance. No hurricane preparation and guess what boys and girls are in hurricane season right now as I speak. When you have a boat from club notico it's totally stress free and really affordable too. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. No getting to vote. Ready. In fact, you can go out there on the water and slip off of what's your name. Gloria Stefan. Subnotico does the get to vote ready for you and no cleaning up either because when you're done. Come back in the dock. Get off. Walk away and they clean up and take care of everything else. It's that simple. Call club notico 1-800-Bolt rent. Get on the water right away. The easy way from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats to yachts. Charters and everything in between. All of you, sir. It's subnotico called 1-800-Bolt rent. And let club notico take our kind of feature needs and your budget. Get on the water today. They hassle free. The inexpensive way by calling club notico at 1-800-Bolt rent. This is new Roger. What's all it is? This is 5-16-2-8-8-8-8-8-8. Spread them and say cheese. See me all up a garden all the chance. The idol has a salt and pepper hair to the really king crew. Give them his food. Kale, hey. He's running on the water of 40 cents. He jumps around like he's doing. He's singing slowly, crazy, crazy, crazy. He's that thanks to the soul control. His arms and legs are slowly not controlled. Where he's been on the nature, next big star. He's a very good boy. You know what they say about guys who do karaoke in a bar. You're fairie. It's 233, you want to hear the world cup? No. He's leading Costa Rica to the one man. You're almost at the half time. Well, see it's 6-3-9-9-9. He's got 5-6-9-9-9-9. Is this exciting or what? Football, that's if you TV or not. Football. Oh, it's exciting now. I don't know. It showed some blonde player there on the sideline. I got emotional. You know me. 840 votes on a pool man. We've had 30 minutes to get to 900, so we don't have to sweat it out. See, actually, my interest in your watch is there. Like any good looking players, but most of them look like I was just butt ugly man. And then after they squirted, they take their shirts off. Put the clothes back on. Okay, please. Oh, my God. Looks like Ron Jeremy and Heat. 843. Now let's see. How long are they playing? How long is he chaffed? I thought it was 30 minutes. Isn't it? And then they got like a knee? Why are you supposed to be the expert on football? I was suckers. And then they play extra time. Winchery time. Whatever that crap is. Post a week or whatever. Did you hear that? That British accent, Costa Reaker. Oh, God, they are so, so silly. That's such bad teeth. What are you? And it's just they're just kicking around their mental field back and forth and forth and back. And here the crowd is all screaming. The fuck is this scum, man? It all passed. It's stone off the rest. That's why they're always getting into fight. I mean, why would anybody go and watch that really? When you can write down it. It's like, I get it. You tell me. In fact, when you got a copy for about pondress, if there's anything pondress to me, it's soccer. Oh, brother. But I'll be there, baby. Let's see. Oh, here you go. This is a good one. I wonder who this is from. For your pool, you forgot to put the breakup of the worst team in the firing of Defoe. When you know why they had to get rid of Defoe, don't you? He was a... Yeah. How do we want to put that? When the firing of the first team. How's that? No, and it doesn't fit in. That's not the... It says it's going to be a long time. What? Huh? When they fired the first one. They broke up the first team. All right. That's a... They broke up the first team. Let's at least get our grammar right. Okay. For crying out loud. Let's grab like I've got to do it. For your grammar. How's Joyce doing? She hopping over anybody. Oh, she's right on for Ralsass now, man. I told you she was relentless in that. I'm going to have a hitman for that pitch. Every day. I mean, Joyce, next time you start your car, it might be the last time. It's not a threat. It's just something to think about. She just hopped over her clearance and she's only two votes behind when Ferrell was, uh, uh, high, five, let's say, 36. Yeah. She just tied. She just, uh, moving over him. Now she's right on steering being taken off on Howard's ass. Oh, speaking of bad news, the US House of Endless again is your Republicans at work again in Congress and your president, the fascist regime. The US House of Representatives definitively rejected the concept of net neutrality yesterday and dealt a bitter blow to Internet companies like Amazon.com, eBay and Google that it negives an elastment of campaign to support it. By 269 to 152 votes that fell largely along party lines, the House Republican leadership must have enough votes to reject a Democrat back to amendment that would have enshrined stiff net neutrality regulations in the federal law and provided broadband providers from treating some Internet sites differently from others. The would have but didn't happen. Of the 421 House members who participated in the votes that took place around 6-3 last night, the vast majority of net neutrality supported with Democrats, Republicans represented most of the opposition and he wanted to know why because it has to do with free speech. That's to the free speech is supposed to be goodness, okay? That's all of the Republicans know about his big business. So like, like, idiot, that's said to me that fast before that I put in the toilet. Yeah. I'm glad that he's making a lot of money. You know, he's doing great. I'm real happy for him. I forget I caught about sort of plunder-reloved that time. I've never had a lot of stock. Right. He's real happy. Well, they're stocking. He's doing great. They make him a lot. I'm happy for you. He's selfish. He's selfish. The more tax cuts for the rich and then the better credit back, but it would be like that. Slack and your lip. Or speak on a crazy people, though. And what would it like that? Guess what? What? What before we do that? WDQAM Hello. New. Yes, sir. What do you rather want? John, nice coffee, more of. Okay, great. WDQAM Hello. QAM. I'd like to watch you play Russia with a fully loaded gun. I can't tell you. I still away, go. I thought we'd get a couple of really interesting calls on it, but he wasn't one. WQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. I can't guess what? QAM. QAM. Yeah, are you doing? Okay, sir. The end of Netanyard Trail is the end of Freedom as we know it. I'm telling you, this is outrageous. Yes. It's never reported on the news. They don't talk about this stuff. I guess it gives a AOL and a Comcast and BiCom. I guess they're the network news. Yeah. I guess we'll never hear about it. Except for on your show. I appreciate it. That's pretty good. Man, we're finished. No more freedom. I guess we'll look up stuff and we'll get referred directly. They say in hell, stinky man, we're finished. And let me ask you one question. What are you going to do about it? You're fair. The cheapest staff for US representative, Canton, Harrison, Washington, is an ounce he's resigning. Oh my god, for Kathy, do you hear about her plane? Holy crap. Duff isn't still in a rizzy? No. No good. So Josh must eat in real fast. Do we need to fast now, young man? Too fast. I just came back in here. We got it down to a science boy. No. What was it that you said something about? I'm trying to think of the way you worded it. That was very, very right on the edge. Who George? Yeah, well, I haven't said about to duff to you. Something. I'm saying he was relieving you or something. That's right. You're talking about him. When you listen to me about this, Kathy, hear a story. People care about this bitch. They hate her almost as much as Joyce, but not quite. Almost as much as man, Colbert. I'll tell you one thing of all the women. The famous women. That would be the post on time of all the famous women in the universe. Who do they hate the most? I would say man, Colbert. He's a contender. I mean, you know, kind of leisure is a contender, right? And cast in heresons a contender, right? Right? And fill a shoe fly out of the way for good who she would be a contender, right? Right? To roll a rosy. We have a lot of minutes. We're going to pull a maybe from Monday. Don't let me forget about that. Or you won't be there. Josh, don't let me forget about it. All right. What's that got to do with it? I'll let them in. I needed women. Oh, you know, already it's going to go over big and south front said to we're hating it. You're in public and candidate for Senate, Kathy, Kathy is recently faced a series of staff resignations with an international and campaign staff. Fred Asbell. I remember the movie Class of 44. Remember they put a bell on his, um, f***ing with that. Bell free? No, and his thing. If I never heard of a bell on your right, though. It's interesting. Fred Asbell, who's been with Harris's congressional staff for about a year. Yeah, what's that on your hanging from your pants or else an assbell for when you're back and up? And when I don't be talking about Joe Bell that way. There are a comment in there between As and Bell. And I was his resignation yesterday. As Bell said he's leading the pursue opportunities in Venice, consulting and development, but we'll do some consulting work with Harris's campaign. Kind of like Greg Reed, you know, can we do some consulting probably from from a distance? You call that a consultant? Harris's spokesman Jerry Fritz yesterday called As Bell a true believer and said, a resignation to congressional officers are routine on Capitol. They're running away from her like she's got a leprosy man and maybe she does. How is Josh out? And I know how long is I forgot? How long is the half in soccer? I believe it's 90 minutes. Oh, 90 minutes. So 90 minutes. They've only played 36 degree. I'm thinking that that's right. You're right. So I haven't watched this soccer while I've never won. Well, you know, I'll look it up if you want because I'm on the floor. You're right. You're right. Oh, look at that. Just high and wide. This is by 15 feet. You're right. You're in the in these vision now. Yeah. Coach the way you can find it. See, if you people laugh at me when I tend to the Burser constipated, just hearing their voices man, you can hear it. I saw this still in this conversation. I mean, this guy has been in the 15 years. I think it's hysterical. What? Where they talk? I exactly. They're constantly and physically and psychologically. The Burser constipated said monarchy, crab man. You got millions of people bowing down to a queen. My god. I can see if the queen is like, oh, god. That queen, but not like any other queen. Not queen Elizabeth. That old toad. Then we just do. See, I got in this for a man. I'm reaching the point. It's a real good thing. That's like I can hang on until next Friday. I'm just hanging out by my thumbnails. I don't know what we have a people in our radio station doing. We've got a bunch of people who are doing jobs that they have no idea how to do. And what we have is just a member. I told the couple weeks ago when I said that, Craig, Mitch was on the Saturday on the schedule. We have a Mitch Marsh. A Mitch Marsh. And I think we're all going into the pits at the Marsh pit. It's what I'm thinking. Spiderman has Michael Pitt doing the season of his last days. Or last legs. Let's see the part of that house again for a few hours. I think it really fit in man. You've got to be stone to watch. I'm moving. There you know, didn't help. It's a total gangling player. Or quits him off as he continues battling the everybody's trailing leg. Just so tall and gangly and feminine. You know, the summer season is here, which means fathers. They can't be far about a corner. It's a week from this Sunday. Week from this Sunday. It's come up as you need teams matter. Fact. We all know that dads love to have a big meal on fathers day. And so take that out at the melting pot and have a fantastic feast. Treat that to something really great. The melting pot is a fantastic fun to restaurant edition of their famous season Chocos. They serve up some serious meats and fish for how many days like yours. So what did you guys all done now? We are. We just finished his matter fact on just like. Wow. We had the shrimp, the steak, the you had the watch. Chicken. Oh, of course Josh is escorting the guy out. So he can't say too. Hard to untray some Center for Women. You know, it's a black and seam. Terriaki sirloin, pork lobster and more. The melting pot. I think I got that in here. I think you do. Although when Josh gets back in his chair. No, no, no. From let's say again from San Francisco to black and. See you. See you. See you. Okay. That's enough. See you guys paid by the seam. That's out of control. Last year in the last more. And pork. Oh boy. Cosher for pace off. The melting pot definitely serves serious food for serious appetite. So trust me dad will really love the day that you take them to the melting pot. They haven't worn many wine lists to book him a little. Oyska shiiquid. And don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts too. He'll be dipping and ducky like you never before guaranteed to put a smile on that space. So call a melting pot nearby you and make a reservation today for a week from a Sunday next Sunday, June 18 for fathers day. Treat that to a full four course gift from you. And don't forget that old meal since you buy. You'll find the pot in crawl springs for a larger day of bokeh. North Miami Beach Cooper City and most prestigious candle. This is meal Rogers. This is five 16. This is one thing you better start learning your soccer rules Mister because you don't know. Well, I mean the duration of the match is 90 minutes but it's divided in two forty five minute half. Well that's what I said. It is no but I said I just said not your full a crap. Hey, that was right and you know I fifty percent. The match last two equal periods of forty five minutes and let's otherwise mutually read upon between the referee and the two participants. It seems there at the halftime now in the opening game of the world cup and Germany's leading course of eka to one. And then of course they have extra time and then the halftime interval must not exceed fifty minutes because if they go in a locker room for more than fifty minutes got away knows what's going to happen in there. I'll answer what he hot guys. So there he goes. And then they had only one minute of extra time there so it's all done for me to the first half. What about that? Germany to Costa Rica one if there's a but I smell it. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I had a chip in K when they should go away to Tito. What a weather moon is blue. That was sweet. But with our right and win censorship. There are words in bus and slid. You can tell you how I feel, why do you say? I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. I feel like I'm not in a locker room for more than one minute. have to go through a whole song, dance, and get skill-free as before when a clock before two, 867, see their trickling in by the ones. And this pull on a 5,000 votes on an already shouldn't it? Yet think, this crap about we hate this pull. What is wrong with you people, man? When are you starting to get your priorities in order? I mean, what's more important? You know, some stupid ass war around a red and all these crazy Muslims blown up the world or WQA, I'm huh? That's the problem. Things started going in the twerl to QM when Joe Rose left 141. During came on 132, simultaneous side by each, I hate this pull 127, well at least that's under 15% now. When Scott Ferrell was fired at it, 81, then when they went all sports, 60, while you're doing pretty well with that choice, when Moe was like, go 59, see? They missed it, they missed all that. Simist that was going on when he was around. And so it's right, it's like when you have a gigantic tumor on him, all of a sudden it disappears and you miss it. Hank went to morning 55, that's, wow. When Stern was taken off the year 42, when they hired Joe's 38, he just talked over for helping hired. And she's right on Stern's ass. When they hired Joe's 38, when Scott Ferrell was fired at 38, hired 36, when Clare's became PD24, when Joe Bell became GM19, when Neil came on the year 18, that was the kiss of death. When the ticket came on the year, a tracer, number tracer of love, not a classic score, though 13. They're not, they're no impact. Because that's not our show anyway, you know? But we're talking about the whole station. That's where Ann got canned, 11. When she got Neil in the parking lot. Chris Moore on love four, when Greg Weedler four, and when they broke up the first team, just when honored Scott's three already, 867. Because they really missed the folio. Oh, he wants badly to come back and we don't want him. We don't want to do it. Prices of love by the class is four. You know, I want to say it again because, I mean, you know, I'm supposed to be a little funny dirty, but when you'd like transfer from your iTunes and your iPod, we just plug the iPod and start sold in all of a sudden. Well, I'm going to talk about that with Ernest. There is like two songs in a second. You see those little, those tiny little smiley face, I kind of turn it on there and they bump, bump, bump, bump, like that. They just disappear because all of a sudden. And a half a second, it's that little, the whole song's like magic. It is like magic. It's like when we play those, those godfather drop-ins, I'm going to show it. It's like magic. I think they got a technique at all. So let's lean on that pull on your arduous.com. So we don't have to worry about stuff like that. And let's get a whole bunch of really good calls in before two o'clock when we start that FIRECRAPH again. I can't even believe even Dave asked me about that. See, he assumes that we get swept up into that shack and he fed, I don't care. I'm not going to pretend to care if they win great, more power to him. Pat Riley's a good guy. You know, Mickey Eris and all I can't say is, so like I said, they should only lose force trade. See, I never, until like moment, I never really gave much thought. But now that I think about it, I mean, no, Pat Riley's okay, but Mickey Eris and I don't want to do with him. Kim and his, you know, they're daddy. That took his $9 billion to Israel. And all of them, cruise your people. They'll help keep the CEOs out of Florida all these years. They're in the people in the Bahamas and all the other, our phony Valones. And of course, all the Bible, Femper, all in phony's, who turned out to be in bed with the engines. WDQAM Hello. Okay. I like that little cup. That's the only soccer watch and really like, you know, another sports fan. Who do you think is that? I went into this year. I'd be scurping between Germany, watching him Brazil. Brazil. I don't know what to do. It's Friday, no, I'm happy. I'm going to have a football studio. Oh, just a little bit of a fucking dog. Don't look at me like you. Just a little more you. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. Oh. What the fuck? What the fuck? I'm a kid. Oh, that hunger is coming. Yeah, I can't imagine. Hang in운데. Of being a visualist, I can't imagine. Wrong. iPad octave. Hold on, can't imagine. Maybe you can't. Just have me have a scar on. Come in? 560 pie. five60 pie. I couldn't tear up. So I cooked her. Who wins. It didn't even know... I do. I got the searches and needles and pins and it's your T-Sat. Whoa. 60, 3 or 64 on Sikon, the British invasion and the searches. 64 are you nailed it. I'm Ryan. Neil, my talk up to each of our hardouts of Ricky Tickey, Ricky Tickey. WCQAM Hello. Hello? Yeah? Yeah, I'm on L.C. I know, I know. WCQAM Hello. WCQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. He put the shot. It's your boring man. 72, I am hello. Neil. Yes sir. You missed the other morning on the lake and put him in the casket. No. I don't know. There was no Orlando out together. He was holding that. He was solid. He was saying he was going to Dallas. He goes because it's all paid. Joe Bell is the new guy here and he really knows what's going on. He really drove right off the road. Yeah. He's that's a really good, good expenditure. He was presented a Orlando to Dallas. As long as he doesn't come back. That's what we're worried about. We're pretty much coming back. And of course, I'll bring a bunch of veners back with him. You know, from Texas and when we can end it all his fans, that's probably what this is all about. We're all going to get replaced by under the table. Right. That's correct. That means like chubby wet facts. Moon face dignity. Whoops. And I'm talking about the guys. Man. Yeah. That's Joe Bell man. See that that's called sucking up real bad. That's embarrassing. But that's what he's expecting from him. Rock saw. He was he don't belong on either first place. He didn't have naked pictures of currents with a bully. Go through the chance in a world he'd be on air. And any language. Go to New GM. Oh, we got to have more on minority. We need more Hispanic program. Like we don't have enough Hispanic crap on here and so forth. Already. Speaking English, baby. Speaking English. In fact, I'm so pissed off about that. I'm moving up my story in my pile here after the news after the air. But news after the news after the news. Oh, I am living in the past. The news at the top of the airline. This station. Are you crazy? English only at Philly Cheese Stake. Join. That's the story headline. Yeah. I saw that on the news to what you're appetite. And that good. Good. Speaking English. Okay. Her cut the crap. She said. Now we're getting anywhere near 900 to the eight. 87 or tripling them one at a time. I don't think we're going to do it. And then we're going to be really depressed all weekend long. And Georgia be depressed all week long. I think we're going to be more up in our room early than he's got a whole week off to think about it. Would lightning click speeds, latest features and security, Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust, although I'll watch in the world cup. I forgot. Call to the end. Get the best off for the year at Comcast High Speed internet. Probably 24.95 a month for you for six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade at a super fast eight megprimus speed tier free. With an always on connection speed about to 8 megabits for a second, Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL. 1.5 and up to 100 times faster than dial up. Now loading music, watching streaming video playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection, means you'll be flying through the internet. Plus when the assignment for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features like video mail, Comcast radio, rapsity plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be named in a few. Not only that, but you also get free mac and free security tools included, so you can rest assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure. And annual savings available 100 bucks for the security loan. So what you waiting for is doing more faster than you ever could before with an old fashioned stuff. Send up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 months and date call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast don't forget call for details today. Certain restrictions apply. This is Neil Roger. Yes, this is 516. We'll be out and just got the rail. When I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the way, find things Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh true yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You are going to die. You're really going to die. You're going to die. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. So far, maybe we had 88, which is a little bit more than 66, but we're not going to get to a thousand if we don't hop on it We don't celebrate the pace boy Boy and why? Well, I played that sound effect, but I had to shut this thing down because I Melted butter on it. I spilled melted butter on it. Oh, no, you spilled melted butter on a board Now Josh court and Josh should dare always say that you were a liar in a trouble maker. That's right. Yeah It works eight ninety a hundred and ten of what we need in fifty five minutes That's exactly two a minute. So that's one every Seconds I mean we ought to be able to do that if but everybody's watching a World Cup We can't compete with that Germany and Costa Rieker man Costa Rieker See you guys better hop on that thing if you know if we don't get to a thousand by two a clock We're gonna play the audio the play by play the World Cup every day next week And I want to threaten anybody, but if that's the what we have to resort to you know I'm saying I'll break a pillow There you go Like that might just go back to it right now now we'll have all the way. I think they're still one on they should be back in a second half when you think And Costa Rieker yeah, oh my god, and Brits. I've never seen one again and be too soon What all do you know and we got some British or listeners out there, but you know what you know it's true 890 on your man at least if we get over the 900 hump if we get over that hump then you feel you got a shot You know like getting the first base you can't get the second base until you touch first base You got a touch at first right? 892 they're tripling them by the by the twos by the pairs 567.0560 pound five 60 leave a rise in singular wireless line and I singularly a desperate Friday Why can't believe this but you know first of all 30% of the audience has gone out of town So we came into summertime kids about a school or gone a van moved okay 40% of the audience is watching a world cup and another 50% of the audience ain't with us anymore So that's only what 120% Every Q a m hello And 20% of the audience is making crank calls like that of you. W Q a m hello Neal please yes, sir speaking third no-win state. I Come to Q a m hello Yes, good afternoon Neil. I'm a guy who's used with dirt digler. Yes, sir. Yes, good afternoon dirt digler this is the month now that Mr Howard has departed Your station and it seems as though you can't continue your show without badgering Mr Howard Mr Howard Yes, that's correct. Uh-huh. Yeah, and what does that mean badgering? He's not even in town Can he be badgered? He's in New York's my previous family members here in the community and I'm sure his family members are listening to me Or I don't show okay, and she's a good marriage. Oh, yeah, I'd a hair get lost Take a hike. Yeah, probably his boyfriend without badriness family members. Okay. We'll do whatever it'll help. We want okay We don't need instructions from Mr Howard or Mr David or Mr David Howard David Howard David Howard was a driver by the way Mr cargo five six to a harness racing five six seven oh five sixty well I'm telling you man talk about constipating he made the brits out animated that guy W Q a m hello Q a m yeah, I'm also a mole fan yeah, and I want your layoff of him. Okay. No No, it must be sitting around having like a little tea party or some work is in town for the weekend tea bag party Yeah, I'm gonna cute my in hello Hey, no line I just want to test on a website together. I think you might like yes, sir. It's me the gradient 77 dot com. All right I just I looked at that and there's more jingles. You got your kill a whole week without a few just watch material And maybe that's what we'll do next week if we don't get to a thousand notes They will play jingles on next week. Yeah, they're not much. I know you should wear a three-foot all the jingles in now They are 100s and hundreds of them there. Okay. All right, then thanks, pal. Bye. Bye All the jingles are a time man. I think we got some low jingles. Yeah, we sure spend a lot of time I'm mode. Don't wait a lot of time No boring in that five six seven. Oh five six. He saw all your people have any little of party there at the condo Call in and talk about how we're trash and mole. I'm sorry, Mr. What was it Mr. Howard? Mr. Howard Oh nine oh two we tapped to the 100 bar. Okay. You can just see it now the god's image quality sitting around with the radio crankups a lot of getting good vibrations So if we ever did stop talking about that one it would be like Do do do do do do like that they be depressed. They wouldn't know what to bitch about W 2 a m hello not there 2 a m hello 2 a m Hi, I'm good when I find my point nice to be brought down in the drowson get next here. Okay. Well, we don't care We don't care and additionally which you're way over your quote. Okay. Your quote is one call a year and it's already like two at less than a week So Open the door when you hear like a little knock on the door. I would know for it. It'll be one of our people coming to see your people Come in you Q a m hello You are yes, sir. How are you doing today sir? Okay? I got to tell you Neil when you lose a great child of like Joe Rose and his cause Richie from boys that are mocked Oh god, yeah, you know boy. They're all there man. What a day. What a one of those out there That's what killed it. Yeah, in fact. I hope you're real proud of yourself pali you and your buddy there It was it killed the first team you put them out of business You'll take that to your grave with you just knowing you're seven at guilty conscience of knowing that you and your selfish Bastards that call air read over and over and over and over again, you know Just pathetic and of course they're not to take all of the blame because they blame us on the other parts of people Put them on the air every day. I mean least we got we got a lot of the same people every week But they're on for like about a half a second But that's one of the real kisses of death man. It's a sure sign of seeing it and In fact, maybe that's why Joe's got that one share over there on the across the street Things didn't turn out all at the rosy for him either as Rosie would say What is this is really something okay? It's like a loser reunion here all of a sudden richy from boys hand He's the one like my ex fan and blind Mike and more with his gone spoke I miss both of them whatever they are and the guy going err with the guy with the eyes and what so then you hear him? He said err or no, that was that was John Kerry You better start to get your months to people straight now W2AM hello Yes, sir. How are they going buddy all right? I got a couple things going to tell you about a Mr. Sherwood Monday But I want that you know that the peace and it was they were streaming the money hurting the feasts on the Saturday night on your Rogers dot com I Wasn't sure if you were that bad for not well why don't we care about that on Saturday night? Well, yeah, I know we know. We don't mind that except for the fact that then they probably messed up the whole studio Set up when George came in around Monday morning the studio was upside down and back We're not all the settings were screwed up because they were near with a U.N. crappard or baby curb So thanks for telling us that first one more on here here doing the show We can't get the stream right half of the time, but when I got my hurricane baseball on there baby They got on our website Probably just to piss us off like you're like we really care at that hour Right under 12 hosts. I think we I don't know we need 88 in 48 minutes That's that's a little under two minutes. You think we can do it. Oh, you can do it think we got a shot We got an outside shot. Let's get a lot more of his mocha So that was only five dead. You know it's just out of nowhere out of a field. I don't know where Mean like they're all sitting around passing the law around the Morgan David Then did you QA and hello eating a steel monster from last pace off QA That was him Oh, yeah, he's out by the smell. That was him Of course, I didn't say who 12 minutes after one at five six me QAM Asking Hey I stayed in front of you now. Two years later and saying it took me a little while, a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. Absolutely. One 18, was that Mr. Howard? Mr. Howard, do you? Was that Mr. Moe? I was the molemeister. 920 to vote on a poll. I don't know. This is going to take us right down to the wire man. This is going to be like a high wire rack like the flying will in the zoops. 92377 votes short. And we got like 42 minutes. That's us in two a minute. You folks can do it. Not question whether we can do it. It's whether you can do it. That's the question. How's that soccer match coming over there in the world cup? That's what they're all about. I forgot about that. We can compete with just about anything, but not that. Or it's still two one. They played the 60 minutes and there's my qualist. You're not too happy with that German team. 920 and 923. They better start pouring in man like about three minutes. That way now we'll just take a beat breath. 920, you were fresh in it? I think we matched out. I think that's the audience. English only had Philly Chease steak joint. This steak clunky so not a Gino steaks in Philly. And English only ordering policy is to us want to fill it off his best known Chease steak joints in the National Immigration debate. Situation in a South Philly immigrant neighborhood Gino is the which together with its sea-friable pat king of steaks, past king of steaks, forms the episode of an array described as ground zero for cheese steak. As posted small signs telling customers, this is America when ordering speaking with speaking in lace. They don't know how lucky they are. We're asking them to do it's learning English language. Gino's older Joe's event of 66 rocked out these people but they got to help themselves too. Vento is grandparents struggle to learn English after immigrating from Sicilia in the 1920s city posted the sign about six months ago amid concerns over immigration reform. An increasing number of customers who couldn't order an English when they wanted Philly's gooey greasy spatially, fried steak, sliced or chopped, and a long roll with cheese and fried onions. Mmm. Of course it's not as if native philly office speak the King's English either. It's a lot of the amount of cheese steak by saying something like, yo give me a cheese steak with you will use with or with means with fried onions. To which they can't a man might reply. Use one fries with that? Speaking English, all right. My God. South Dakota bunch of greasers to me, a bunch of greedos. They traditionally attend a community in her genosis become more diverse over the decades immigrants from Asia and Latin America moved in during a long time were sentenced and young professional seeking reasonably priced roll houses. In the past ten years and estimated all, and estimated 15 to 20,000 Mexican immigrants, many of them here illegally, community leaders say, have settled in South Philly. See, that's it those beeners again. Vento said they staffed glad to help non-native speakers ordering. Wishing has never turned similar way because of a language barrier, but the policy is really upset a lot of people said Brad Bardia of day without an immigrant. They coalesced in a group of immigrant groups. Oh, day without immigrant is like a day with sunshine, isn't it? Right. For some people, I think we're just going to say, Legusta Pats. Quinto is a Hispanic neighborhood organization, said it plants the sent people of genosis, predator, or in Spanish, and may pursue a court action depending on what happens. See a bunch of Ojama provocative turgoyam. His grandparents had counted the same racism and the same xenophobia said Peter Blundegroof's director, while he began that process all over again. Vento said he's gotten plenty of criticism and threats. One person told him, they hoped one of his many neon signs flames out and burns the place down. But he said he plants the whole day's ground and he's holding it and the ground too. Custblowers placing orders on our recent morning seemed unfazed. And Zellacamarca is 22 in originally from Puerto Rico, ordered in Vosco getting lays, but since some of her elders struggle with language, they always come and just say, cheese steak, Marques says, adding the policy bothers you some but not enough to give her what's wrong with cheese steak? Why is that hard to say? Cheese is steaky? Huh? What's that hard to say? Where did I come right now? When I was speaking customer showed up at the window a short time later, clerk patiently coached him through the process eventually both said, she's steak. They both said, be steak on case of. They becomes up. She's steak. Oh, how about a she's steak? Vento, I sure find a man with an earthquake education armed covered in tattoos and large diamond ring and is here also sells freedom fries to protest Francis opposites to the or rather. Oh boy. Oh boy. Wow. He rails against mummy Abu Dhamma, the black man who was convicted of coming to police officer Daniel Falk in 1981, has become a cross-elev amongst some definitely opponents, the morals to Falkner are posted this shop. Oh, bro. See, is this guy in politics or is he in the food business? That would be my question. Are you in the food business? You want to sell food? Are we here to make a political statement? Those who market the city office using images of genos on the famous steak shops are watching with concern. I certainly wouldn't want a national audience to think you represent all the wonderful cheese steak makers in the whole city said mural Levits. President and chief executive of the great Philadelphia tourism marketing core Levits. What kind of a name is that? Oh, this isn't representative the Philadelphia attitude. Competitors are seizing on the controversy. Tony Luke's issued a statement saying, it welcomes all customers whether or not they speak a wit of English. The neck you way wit. And imagine it past Kathy Smith said of genos English only policy. That's the most ridiculous thing I've heard in my life. I've heard the list of these Spanish and the foul language of the college students. Those punks. For a saying. And all of that stuff. All these things. I'd like that in any language. Take a look at how we're doing here. Oh, there's a world cup security now. Look at all our slippers. My spectators name. I've been embedded radio frequency chip. Yeah, I know that. I got to take it the other ones matter. I got one of our tickets for the World Cup. Not our, I'm not going. It's got like a chip in it. It's got your shoe size, new name, and it's got embroidered in the lace. 934 votes. What do you think of me? I think a positive negative. I think you can do it. I'm thinking. I'm thinking. I'm thinking. I'm thinking. I don't know. Pretty touch you man. Touching go here. Bring it us right down to the wire on a Friday 937 we need 60 few votes and 36 minutes and it's then near two votes a minute. And I think all the audiences voted twice already. They started going in the trailer QAM when Joe Rose left 152 when Stern came on 137. I hate this pull 131. But that's under 14 percent now. Thanks God 13.9. What Scott for well was fired 88 when they went all sports 56, 66 when Mo was like, go now is that Mr Howard or Mr David? I see there are two different people I get confused because there's the Mohar David of character that's over. And of course it was always a tweet like they go to him. When Mo was like, go 62. When Hank went to morning 61 when they fired Joyce 47. Oh, she's she's right on Hank's ass now. Not the first time when Stern was taken off 43 when Scott for well was hired 37 when parents became PD 25 when Neo came on here 21. I was the beginning of the end. Fennetto Benito when Joe Bell became GM 20 when they broke up the first team 15. That's making a quick move all of a sudden on an hour. Of course you know who they probably blame it on. For me, for when they took it came on here 13. But as you're made a big impact, didn't they? Not when screw-in got can 12 when Greg read left only five and I'm sure he's voted three times the what's your name voted twice and when Chris Moore on left, soul-mintic rock. This feeling is not running. It's gonna fucking in place. It's five. Well, Joe, my thought about John Flair and the taxi kind of about that driver said we'll pause. You look that mean so quish-a-curing. Like a healthy was a dog. So I acted out my pop shoe raid and with my arms the trees are made. No bug speaks English and immobile. I went down to my young man, which weather weather is nice and shunning. I walked into a little dust dog with a god that talks real fun. I asked him to pop kind of cold gym beaming just not the end of what does that mean? The butter's kitchen wish at am I. That's the toilet there, Lee. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's taking with smelly. Are you in your back and laugh? I came to you many years ago. And it's worth my baby's food. I'm going to say mooters, grossly as well. I said pretty well. So get yourself to a classroom with your American now. Stop making me think. You know, but as dangerous. I think it was a rock against the man. I'm 152. Most we need 48 and 29. That's almost two a minute. I don't think we can do it. I think we're in dire straits. Don't forget join a QM Street team today from 3 to 5 this afternoon and tomorrow with George with little George from noon to 2 with the. By the way, do you want the other one with see what they were pop skiing around with? I don't think. We're doing anything. Huh? But the beast is sleeping. Yeah, although the beast has passed out in the the main studio. Is he really? Well, he'd probably farted in there and like cut the audio off her about three sets of nice, serious, gross. Join the QM Street team today 3 to 5 and tomorrow with George from noon to 2 with the Maruna use car sales. If I go on a dolphin's team, stop by to win prizes. Oh, man, we got stuff to give away or what? And check out the my display booth from Humpset. All of this at Maruna use car sales event. A PP park. George of either. It may be leaving you if it is a collection. That's right. 955, man. This is I have been a long presence. We had this kind of pressure. You know, 955. We're still alive. Let's get a some mole calls on here. What do you say? Well, take some mole. That's six and a low five six seven. 05 60 pound five six to leave a rise in singing to write us nine. WQA M. Hello. Yes, yes, I'm the deal. Speaking. Now. Yes. Great. We need to enjoy the first team running 30 spots an hour. Yeah. And right. Did he? Yeah. And. And not the band. He destroyed the station. He blew it up. Yeah. Okay. He's right down there on the bottom. He's uh, he's on the bottom, which in the first time. He's on the very bottom of our pool since Greg we left only five out of out of nine hundred and fifty seven votes. Only five are coming to his support. Even Chris Moran's got more votes. Even when he left, it was a bigger stimulus. A bigger problem when Greg left. Yeah. He may. I. I tell you and then as small as it eight years. Eight years work under his leadership and I use that term very loosely. He made more mistakes in those eight years than the previous six thousand years of broadcasting put together. And the history of the subhuman race. And he still was there. You know, where is the very ascendant? Until I find a signal. How'd you like to be consultant by the way? Get that loud. WCWM. Hello. And if you wouldn't have that stock deal going. WCWM. Hello. On genre. On genre. On Michael. How are you? You'll make a meal. Come on start. Ha ha. Badly bad. We'll submit it. Listen. Uh, a couple of minutes. Then he's in one. Number one, uh, have you ever seen the Mexican American uh, proper propaganda, the market matter. You know, it's good. It's good. It's a song that DVD and you can get it from like, where do you get DVDs that they were. Okay. How are you? I'm looking at my DVDs now. Find it. You opened the harness racing catalogs all to bring up three names. I want to make a change. We'll request. Yeah. Greg right. Greg right. Greg right junior. I'm not a regular man. Ray, Ray, Ray, Ray. And I saw I saw the last race of a girl. Horse with a great heart mirror who blew up the long and winter race. Well, uh, a very women green and white man green and white. So exactly. I know him all. Uh, I used to get a winter race way and uh, he's a parking lot. A lot anyway. I'll be there. And then Jack really still lives man. I think he's dead Jack. Really? I think wow. He's not still any more. Shameless request. Yes, sir. The the the the the shack version of Danny and Jimmy. Okay, you got it. They got it. Ha ha ha. Well, you got a little emotional air at the end. I was this one. He means. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Jackson. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But we do have a little. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Look who's here. It's shot. Oh. Who knew it. Yes. Yes. I don't care about any you people. I just spend your money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Love you. Love you. Have a good one. Yes. You're my new single me. I give you all money. You're all. Poor allergy. I got it. You're going to run my credit card. You can break a 50. I'm 35. How about Harold McMillan and Harold Rellwood and Bill Wellwood. What about Malcolm Phillips? All right. Okay. Now let's see how many we got. You think we're going to make it? We got 25 minutes. I think we got, yeah. We got an outside shot. It's a 1963. Oh, yeah. We're starting to like catch up now. You know, we get that quota, the quotient ratio. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know. What do you lost him when he started talking about Windsor Raceway? Huh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Next thing you'll be talking about theory of bookmire. And pound five, 60, and duck Hamilton. So not the Verizon-Sigular Rinalzons and why do you answer? WDQAM Hello. And Greg and Mark Rizmore. Hello. And it puts blue dogs in the bath. Yeah, you're boring. You're boring before you're boring today. You got no monomaterial, man. That's all you say. And you say it with Sita and Schlumpi Wale. Okay. Get a live straight enough and live right. Okay. My God. Go get yourself a new tailor. WDQAM Hello. Teller. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. I've got a quick thing. You and I have a lot of this. But to make room for the room, they push the house, Josh Friedman. So that's to be when the station started to go down. Then what would it mean they pushed our Josh Friedman Josh Friedman ever had a show? What are you talking about? No, I know, but the budget for him, they take Josh Friedman, goodbye. And you know, sir, that was one of the best moves they ever made. And then what other worst move? Bring an eye on winter's and on for the Iowa winter's and hour. That's awful. Oh, my God. Yeah. I think he owns the whole station. He's not like 26 hours in a row. So, what about you don't know about him? Ask around anybody in the sports business and town. What do you think of Iowa and you'll give him your fourth. I promise you, ask anybody. Okay, I'll start. In fact, right after the show, I'm going to go out on our streets and ask. Hey, what do you think of Iowa? Oh, I don't know who that is here. Wow. And that's something. Oh, yeah, that's something. But the end of course, the more I say one thing, like about Yolty or Ira being on E.O. And I don't know if he got the end of the heat thing going in the finals. Now, we got so much, Ira got. Ira coming out of the pores in management there, middle of the management. What are how that lunch is going? You know, I want you to do it with all the big bucks you're making. Now, you need to buy a normal blackberry or at least a text messaging cell phone. Oh, yeah. It wouldn't use it. I have people like that, and I'm sure you do two that we use to be connected. So they can't be bothered. Yeah, I have one. I have one. I keep insisting that they should get a blackberry. And probably also an iPod, and they're like, oh, but we, you know, I don't want my same names. 966 votes. We got 22 minutes for 34 votes. We're going to go right down to the wire, just like just like a firm in Aladar in the Belmont 1978. Yeah, we should take a think of that any maple horse. I'm still, I can't believe I stumped Dave Johnson in it. Of course he had so many, but he had one really outstanding horse and like in a triple crown he just really, I don't remember what year that was. For the 100 years ago. 966. That guy is right. When we stepped on the key to the kingdom over to Ira winback, that was that we don't have to add that on there. But we saw many mistakes in so little time, you know? So many, I'm not just talking about like everybody makes mistakes. Nobody's perfect, even us, but I mean so many grotesque, gigantic, incredible. Fall down on the floor and laugh your ass off mistakes. Like, how could anybody be that stupid, you know? Because a famous philosopher from Boca once told me, there are a lot of things in his life that you can be. But the one thing you can't afford to be is stupid. That's right. Remember that? Nope. There you do. That was Mr. Mr. Mulman. WQAM. I think that was the boyfriend by the way, I mean that called QAM. Not there. WQAM. QAM. Yes, sir. There's a rumor going around the bus to Ira and... Okay, Grey, why do you keep spreading it? Well, wait, notice how this is going here? Yeah, no, I noticed it. We had like, we have little stories, epidemic of malice. Somebody's moving, we're going to work. And now we have an epidemic of, if you want to spew some crap about Ira, go on the Street Quarter with a megaphone and spew it, okay? Spew it and do it. Whatever you like. If you walked in and knocked on my door right now, I wouldn't have any idea who he is. I just know he's squeaky, okay? Squeaky clean. WQAM hello. Probably dual fine-brake's boyfriend called QAM hello. Moves the friend of mine and I'm happy for it. Get some new friends. WQAM hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? First of all, everyone in the friend of yours you wouldn't call him home. Yeah. I think the horse would compete to the yellow. No. No. No, I was a great horse, but that's not what I was saying was before that earlier. And you know who already made the look next door to a guard city? Yeah. Oh yeah. No, Sammy. Sammy. There's wood. No, I don't. So did lunch. Really? Yes, so did lunch. He had a maple one name. No wonder he's a racing career came to an end, so I'll roughly. That's the bad news. Yeah. I like that, huh? Yeah. Susan Luchi, Kuchi, Kuchi, don't tell that to a freaky carlo. So did he steal there by the way? Yes. Was if I have to ask? Yes. Oh no. That's bad news. Especially a pride week here now. It's pride week, you know. Better get out of town soon. Where the hell is the pull result? What's going on? Are they overloading it now or something? Or what's the hell happened? Where'd our pull go? Remember that song? Yeah, that's the free. No. Oh, there it is. Remember. But that's because we got 973. We only 27 away. We got 90 minutes. It's like sliding into like 8th base. No place. It's new. People are on their own. How far it is. They don't take nothing for granted, man. It's pride day. You're best, dude. Oh, that's a part of the board. It's a board, it's a board. It's a board. It's a board. It's a board. I think when you're doing this, you'll be baby. Yeah, you'll be your girl. Oh, no. It's like a door to door to door to door to door to door to door to door to door to door to door to door to door. It's a board, man. I think you'll be busy with this, if you can just go like a lad. Then you'll start out at the last couple. We make a board, man. Let's drive it one, two. We'll train to the front. You mean that the board that the door to door door to door to door to door to door to door door to door door. It's a big train. I'm going to say, when I say this, I go to the side, and when I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side and I go to the side, I go to the side, I go to the side, and I go to the side, I go inside, finally, go to the side for, I go to the right, and I tell you the situation's important here. What is this building doing to Raveese? I don't know what you talking about. Not when Benette said, I go to the side, I go to side, I go to the side, 986. When he 14 votes in 13 minutes, my God, if we can't do that, we might as well sign off right now and just keep going. You think? Okay. By the way, Mohour died on May 4th, 1975 in Los Angeles of one cancer. Did you know that? Okay. No, no, no, no, how it is dead, did it? It's only what I know. 988, that's great. 12 votes in 12 minutes, my God, that's like follow-off a log. 560, 560. 560, leave a right-and-singular Bible sign. Don't forget we got to big old Rock-Solly is Rock-Solly from Dallas into this afternoon as we continue with our NBA Yenta, up-up-up-up-up-up. 5, that's right, there's all that's going on in the whole world, man. Is that? WDQAM, hello. QAM. QAM. WDQAM. WDQAM, hello. QAM, gag line. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM, hello. Call-up-up crosses street and tell them. QAM. WDQAM. Yes, sir. You want to hear the latest last month promotions of the sales department. You got like marbles in your mouth or what? No. It is. If you buy $2500, was it there a time? Okay, good one real happy about it. I think the cause are all coming from inside the building now, aren't they? It's all like that. That's what it sounds like to me. I wear is this and this one is that and I are sales department. I think we know all about it, okay? Just relax. Man, oh man, go in. In fact, it's Friday afternoon. If this is the best you got on a Friday afternoon, I just do that Russian relax. Tony Loder, baby. Can't miss. WDQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Last week, you were talking about Kisses doing the deal. Who was trying to make turning into the Vietnam War? Yeah. You all let to remember that when they started the piece starts in parents, they've been made for eight months because of the shape of the table. No, that's right. Yes. They couldn't agree on the shape of the table, that's right. One of the reasons though, I've nobody from the United States wanted to agree, was because during that time, the sense of department contracts were structured that at the war ended with a piece conference or the piece I truly sent down on the agreement. And he's done in the pipeline wouldn't be paid for. And the GIO, now, to public record, the GIO is on the floor of that room. And even Eugene McCartney, the piece Nick, was fighting against it because he was the Senator from, uh, and he was a president of the Honeywell, and they're... I can't remember one point, if they changed your pan, man, and Zion America just keep those two words in mind. Then what they say? 994, we got a leg baby, we're going to do it. See, I told you, you were like so negative. That's right. And Josh kept making all those groaning sounds. It's probably because he, I'd see the one of two things, he ate too much food, or maybe from one duffer. And I think it was one duff. When duff came in, it kind of like backed into him. And I, in fact, we should like to feel relaxed once again. Stop. 996 votes. Back to him. We get that thousand, I mean, now it's like just a formality. And it's like when they say that it's just a formality, go through the motion and put the motion in our casket. Just kind of like what your belt was doing to us. Him and clearance, putting the putting our emotion in our casket, kind of a fast motion too. Things started going in the toilet in WCM and Joe Rose left 159. When Steering came on 143, and those two together got over 30%. You folks, that's your opinion. And I think you've been very somewhat perspicacious. I hate this poll, 135. That's not a 13.5 for saying, you know, get with it. I mean, I'm so tired of those stupid ass polls like what someone we did yesterday. Scott Ferrell was a fired 88. That was a bad mistake. When he went all sports, 70, oh my god, let's bring back that country kiss and music. Can you believe that? They had an AM plane country in the air, an FM plane country? Yeah, that's hard to believe. Not for the beesley, though, because that's their, you know, it's beeley country up there in the tree up there in the band. You're going to hand quite the mornings 50s at 67. All boy. How old when Moes let go? 53. When they hired, when they hired Joe is 58. Oh, I see Moes got 63. He's going to hop over Moes. He's dead anyway. Moes. They hired Joe is 58. When Steering was taken off 46. He passed hour like he was in the deep reverse. Triple reverse, triple salco. Scott Ferrell was hired 37. When they broke up the first team 27. And I think a lot of that we can play on and put on the shoulders. You're buddy. We don't want you back by the way, Defogo. We take your corn and go to Iowa. When Paris became the first PD 25, when the O'Keeman 22, no doubt about it. I think, Goli. When Joe Bell became the GM 20, I got him looked. When the ticket came on, Steering 13, only 13. Which means their audience voted what twice. When Scran got, uh, can 12. Don't we miss her a lot? Huh? When Chris Moore on left six and Greg Reed is still on the bottom. He's like that trout on the bottom yogurt. He's got Solomon T. uh, Tinkway. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is five 16. Two. Eight. Neil. God. The Middle Eastern world. We'll be exploded to dumb at people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a Chris or nation and they only won the first time. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil going. Forget about Korean and the Newspaper to Nando. Right. Thousands of folks finally we did it all. Thank you. You are into our heads. Oh, daddy, right. As a... My face is a mess. This truck's gone. Three thousand people killed. I'm not forgotten. My exploidum is dead. Eight. There's oil to be gathered. So an after said dumb too. Plank made Osama. There's no longer mention of. Of name it, lot it. But no one sees concern at all. Of being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartelic administration. That controls us by fear through meaning. And the Niculation and the right way is thrilling. It over and over and too are heads. Oh, my dog. And I ragged as a weapon of mass destruction. I'm dying out of the way. Oh, my dog. Oh, my dog. So awesome civil rights is the rights that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash brought this sand. I have nothing to hide. People talk as all are saved. I know, be a panel don't have any reservations. Out of provoked pavilion. World that I am anxious. Old regime's must-multhing. And how the virgin is so. With no objection at all. Till the crackdown of the false and the right way is thrilling. It over and over and too are perraid. Oh, drag. I ragged as a weapon of mass destruction. That's a beautiful, heavy-eyed drag cast. So, weapon of mass destruction. Bye-bye-bye!