Six to three. I have said Bobby to Longo, but I signed at the deal right now before they changed their minds. He's like, it ain't a big deal, he's a himming suit. Hello. Wilson, pick it and steal that by the way. I know, we're gonna keep him alive. He's not even warm yet. Wilson, pick it was pretty good. He sure could, pick it, good, isn't he? He sure could. Yeah, and to it. I like the time that he drove up on his neighbors lawn and threatened to kill them. Well, that's a good idea. Good enough for Andre Dawson, a hawk when he's never started a bitch in about a satellite, they've seen he said, hey man, there you go. There's another one for you. I don't know. I can't remember that one. Remember that? Ever Bernie gets he said, hey, he's another one for you. That was a subway. That's what I just said. Not on somebody's lawn. No, on his subway. So whatever it is, it makes. How about in forest lawn? How about that? I think good place for somebody's bastards. I know that place. You were the surplus population. I tried fast forest lawn on my way from West Hollywood to San Anita. You know, you have to fast forest lawn to get there. Hopefully it's not the moment of what's going to happen to you when you get to San Anita. You know something you're right. I've taken that same trip. Yep. It's said that's an eater. Nothing to be an eater than to say hi to the tweeter. Well, listen, parents, I thought was way out of line this morning. Came in and bucked up up for half an hour about that horrible book yesterday. Yeah. And it's telling that, you know, we had to hurricane going on for weeks. And nobody was getting any mail. Nobody was sending out any mail. They probably got about 15 diaries. Nobody that speaks English got any of them. And he's trying to blame Ira for it. That's what he told me. He's on a half hour a week. I would say that Ira kills a hump or in the morning. That's what he told me. He said he killed your number. I said, what are you picking on for? Are you anti-Somantic idiot? Exactly. Even though he's a little squeaky. Well, half hour a week. I must have went to a game or something. I must have said he hasn't been hanging out. Fuck. Anyway, if I was them, I wouldn't even pay for this book. I'd say I went and doubted throw it out. Like in the warlands, they threw the Nielsen's out in the sweeps because they had television. Who was he? Who was getting mail? Yeah, that's right. My god. And seriously, you know what to keep in this book is to show you how stupid it is. Forget about RACY, forget about anything. Take a look at WSUA. Have you ever heard of Oralio Swave? No. It's one of those 50 marginal Spanish language music stations that nobody listens to. They usually do like about a one, a, oh, only day, 0.9. And they just went through the roof. They got like a 28, a four, one. They got real numbers. So the urban stations? Well, that sounds like, no, but those are stations that were nearly do okay. But they did fantastic because it was all a strictly ethnic book. Yeah. At Nixon, you know, and probably a few wire diaries from some diahar dolphin fans. I don't know. You thought the dolphins probably had a little bit to do with it. Yeah, I'm sure that. They especially once they started waiting for the game. It's a December swoon. In fact, they won six in a row. A lot of the bandwagon jumping front running phones. One work was a one. Of course, you can mind the fact that Mad Dog worked about two shows in the month of December. Didn't exactly help us either, you know. I saw the same. One of us video could deals that Greg made really did the job. By the way, Greg is hanging around the building, giving you a very advice. Now it's good. It's like, try. He's like consultant. It's like Humpty Dumphi, you know, and the egg breaks into a zillion pieces. And he's running around to consulting how to put it back together. Little little little pages will in bandaid and, you know, just take it all up. No problem, Greg. I'll give you a couple of winners. Yeah. Yeah, Rose. I've been a person. Pittsburgh? Well, you're trying to football again. Pittsburgh. I sure hope so, man. And I like Seattle. We love this team. There's all all like I said, coward, just about how coached himself in that game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're really stupid. They're blitzing that idiot. I hate painting. Man and like poison because he just added an argument. And nervous watching him play. He just gives me skills. I mean, that's something. He does. I feel like there will be a very, very single play. Like, oh, and I'm not a, you know, calling off the signal. I just get out of my face. I can't. I mean, you know, Brady does that a little bit too, but not to the extent that Manning does. You know, way like Pittsburgh. Because I think Denver. I look at the way Bailey. I mean, our Brady Brady was killing Denver's defense last week. It's given to Bailey. Jerry Bailey's retiring. I'm saying, I know. Nobody cares. But the way Brady was throwing a ball against a Denver defense until the exception on the goal line. Right. If that, you've taken away that interception. Right. Kill them with a pass in game. I understand that he had a statistically ahead of a good game. But three hundred and forty one yards. That's right. But it's an unlike Patriot game. They don't turn it all over that many times in a playoff game or any game. And Brady doesn't throw any exceptions in any playoff game. But if you threw two and that was, you know, when you cough the ball up and you get those two bad calls, it's a combination that spells defeat. I don't, I don't feel that bad about they deserve to lose, you know. And they did lose. But Pittsburgh. I mean, seriously, I mean, nobody's really talking about that. But it's like one desperation tack all the way from a one of the greatest travesties in the history of football, which would have been towers fall. Right. Because he shut it down. Right. And the second half. They only threw the ball. And he also, he also was stopped blitzing up and he paced me. But it down on both sides. Yeah. Sandy Peyton by the way, he hit it her like poison over there. And Pittsburgh? No, and Pittsburgh added in the W.I.O.D. Oh, you remember that place? I do, yeah. And remember boy, Gary. Those are the days, baby. And you remember during Hurricane Andrew, were you there doing Andrew or not? That's why I got fired. Why? Because at three weeks after the storm, he wanted me to be doing hurricane Andrew shows. Right. And he refused what we're doing, Ira. Or Ira wasn't here yet. No. Probably Tom Jicka. No, I actually was, I guess. Jim Sonny. Oh, by the way. And the next time he's eaten in the sarni at the track at the time of garbage. He doesn't go to the track. Well, he ought to start. And you can shove him off the edge of the rail too along with whoever else was. He was going to show about. Oh, Jicka. You realize that here it is Friday. Now what was most last show last Friday, right? He still hasn't figured it out. He's nobody. You know, that song is sent a message to Maria or whatever that song is. He still hasn't got the message. He also hasn't got the thing about the numbers. One thing about Little Berry and boy, I can't say much for that tub of Lord, but one thing about him. At least he makes an effort. You know, he doesn't. And you notice how Joe Bell kind of intimidated that headline today. I don't think there's any question that Joe Bell speaking to very Yes, that he, he kind of turned that whole feel around. The headline says, WQA, I'm leaning on the rise, 790 in ratings. And this is written in such an unhead-up there as the way. So uncharacteristic for Berry and that other station. I think somebody put the fear of God in him. They made him an offering. Couldn't refuse. Probably threatened to take away salami sandwiches. It'll brown bagger. You know, I'm a very jackass. And a lot of things you say about me are true. That's a true story. I swear, my personal report several years ago. I'm sitting there waiting for my plane. I'm sitting there coming with this little tub of garbage. What models of to me? Oh, no, I'm very jackson. And a lot of things you say about me are that that's the first thing you said. Not how you're doing. Been here long. How they hanging. A lot of things you say about me are true. And I said to him, you fair. And he said, yeah. Oh, what an idiot. What a, what a sad case. You know. Oh, and you know, remember you tell me about Joe any Fleshman's column? Yeah. So I went online. And I read it. And the only hobby that he had the age of everybody who she mentioned, even the general manager at WTVJ, he say, we needed support, Yeah. What kind of a columns as a jelly, you was looking at, yeah, the only person who says we didn't get with hers. You just turned 66 that old bitch. Well, it was an idiot. Well, some picket was 64. Yeah, He should have loads of loggerins write them in, she should be in his box. God. We're gonna make us swap, we're swapping out. We'll some picket, cheesy. we've got nothing at the deck on old people. It would be like my calling you old you know something like that or a mole call those of the boy well We sure miss him, Belly Like when somebody cuts off a 20 pound tumor I bet I know what I I consider him a little bit like Santa Claus in a way really yeah You know how you know Santa had Martins in his pants on before you go to sleep on Christmas Eve What do you know you leave a little stocking full of candies for Santa in case he shows up? Yeah, well this is by as much chance of most showing up here again in Santa Claus So I leave little slice of pizza for him and it's thought oh For me Oh No You got free pizza back off. No, I'm just gonna fix Oh boy. I'm not gonna get started here. I was to me like somebody's trying to bait me into getting where a whole thing Oh, Lanceter. Why did I get started? You know, I wish you all the best Bob, but if this is very sad Oh, I'll re I'll see this for one year. I'll see Marlins playing visits to Charlotte North Carolina I'm sure on top of that Nothing can be fine. It'd been playing baseball and Carolina in the morning I guess I'm out there. I got some guy up there wants to build a mastadium Well how about building in Greensboro look how good the year and you know something they got a hell of a team man Are leading the league? What did I tell you about the Carolina Hurricanes? That's how slow this problem man. You got to run Hurricanes. They got that college team and then he got that the Wilma and Katrina They got the wrong Hurricanes The good Hurricanes are in Carolina. Yeah And Charlotte we're like you said there's at least ten Jews there. That's really something Are you sure it's a great place? I would you think about that? That's curry golden ban. When you said that I just about fell off the chair. That was great Only a couple of grumpy old Jews like us would remember Harry golden. He was good. He was funny Whatever happened to Sam Levinson and Harry golden Alexander King all the Jewish humors still what happened to them? I guess they died Sam Levinson died All right Bobby died too and Alexander King they're all dead So it rolled the funny Jewish guys are all the Edwin he's dead Milton Burrell is dead. Yeah, huh Jack Benny is dead. Yep Jesus he's still alive but last time I saw him on King he looked like he was his hangin. I'm afraid of thread Imaging coke out that you she's dead, right? She's dead. I'm a singer for a while. I she did Well, I'll bring her back for you. It's a one. That's okay Like that time they bought Kate Smith out in the wheelchair like she was like a weight about four pounds You know here's what used to be Kate Smith and they slept there right on a wheelchair on the stage I would why do they have to do that? You know here? How did he do it? How did he do one get the four pounds? She was on balance for life. Oh, okay, there's too much Boba Gnuchia. I think did her in Yeah, I think that's what put her over the age What is he laughing about that tub of garbage? What was some weight when you please? Striest Bradford's gonna come in here and kick your fat disgusting smelly ass You're sacked good today, man. Well, you're you How much you lost now? We're supposed to be we think about the six pounds six pounds. Yeah, you well, Kate Smith Was she she could be up to six pounds. You might truly live as cash went out of four Yeah, when you get that before that's like Karen Carpenter carried a territory All right, you know something I wasn't such a good mood in spite of the book because we know that was strictly a hurricane was a polycrap I mean just look at radio Slava in there and you'll just pee in your pants when you see that But this facts I just get you know the I don't know what's worse Terrence coming in here and picking on our winderman windbag or this facts I just got from Darrell Oh God Well, listen have a wonderful weekend. Oh, there's too much tomorrow. I'm taking off for a while I'm not gonna be gambling with avengers not me. I'm saving up for next weekend for Niagara Falls. Yeah I am telling you I'm serious you would love you It's a cold up there for me right now. You know something sunny and 52 today here I'll be going to Detroit. Did you know what I just said? Yeah, sunny and 52 by the way You got you got some recommendations in Detroit. That's some part of your old stopping area isn't it? There's any such thing this little boy. Did I throw the log out? I'm so I'm so I Okay, I'm serious Get with the program. We couldn't throw the log out because I never got a log no wonder I'm looking around I have no log. Oh, I have I'm sorry here that. Yeah. Well, I used to have one That's part of the age process Yeah, I've got one it's you and It's you Howard David and then managed from Hooters. Well, you got it. We were talking about it That's what I got We were talking about what and then hardest to my end of the game The log never came where I got this facts, but I never got the log. I'm on tonight from seven I never got no this thing is wrong idea if I got a spot I got no idea what's going on. Not the first hour We also had no stories on our website this morning because Josh was too busy getting a little action last night Oh, it was not my fault. Four or five six times, you know, but more people there once But you better you better you know kind of measure it out punk Otherwise you'll wind up with me like old fart with no log. Can I go now? You can have a great day. Don't lose too much tomorrow. I'm listening to me I don't listen. Why don't know what I got for a spot here anyway. So what happens is I've got no log You would love falls to you and the beast would like it to the other take him up there Air me human and casino over looks Niagara Falls. You know we're beast and I are going next week I don't want to answer we're going up or going to a casino in each way we can't do that Oh and Detroit We're going up for Super Bowl. Oh, I see that's a surprise of mine own and one of the casinos there Yeah, so we'll be treated you know Kid gloves gold give me the wheel. We'll just add it just don't go on 12th Street. That's my best advice Okay, so I'm going to use to live and be try just to stay out of the inner city, okay? Which is anywhere south of like a pony act? Have a great weekend. All right, you two bye. Be white You It's Friday You Clicking on for our win bag, okay, just because he's squeaky and blows away 90% of the audience shame on you clearance you idiot meinem We have a Country What a treasure long tail one. Yeah, that's good so you can read what they are free. Look at cat. It's got a long tail. Did you actually read this fact? Yeah, I read it. Oh, you know, I'm assuming that that was written in, you know, whatever. Injusted. We're only in the best of you. I have two very close friends, males, presumably heterosexuals who own cats. I don't get it either. Well, this person is obviously very heterosexual, the blomster, but that's either here and we're there. And I'm grumpy. Oh, wait till I get to that. I'm, well, I don't want to start picking on him again. Just when I thought we healed up our old wounds and, you know, Darrell, you're a good guy and you got me in touch with blah, blah, again. And we rekindled our mediocre friendship. Yeah, I just started to be an Ozha on provocative to restore in the pot and George would love some. This is new Rogers. This is my law, you see. Were you drugs, Barton? New from the gas. Yeah, for kids and baby gas. It's the new and exciting drama gas. I'm blow-size, I spotted, printed my gas, been right over my children. I found a pair of trousers that fit right over my depends. Even after wearing them for the whole weekend, with my arthritis, I couldn't get out of this dress for over a month. But I didn't let you. It's so pretty. I was trapped in the dressing room for a week. Could you help me get out of this strange jacket? I've got rubbers and gloves on. Grandma gas, I'm falling at a moment, you. And I can't get up. I'm dying over here. 20, after 10, it's 5, 60, WQAM. Happy Friday to you, January the 20th. Already almost 10, 30, before you know what we'll be going home. Hey, look at this, of a two-page facts about the other Google story that you already have on it. Oh, thanks so much to Will Strud that I read yesterday. Is on our website, and then we talk about, by the way, John Schercourt has once told Polygerize for not having any stories on the early this morning. He did a last night before we hopped in a sack with his Russian girlfriend, but I have more time to judge. He's just got to pop him up and a story is too. Very sad. But nevertheless, he's more worried. You know what happened to Will Strud? We never had the chance to discuss these things. Because our program to record such as it is, clearance came in here a wasted 35 minutes of my time this morning. I got a start charging for that, you know? That's why. That was pathetic. What? Huh? No, that's the reason I never told you. I guess what the long-legged never came through. And it did not. Okay. The first time I came to you now, such as it is. I know we got some spots on the long-legged. Not a whole bunch. What do we carry on in station from ABC radio? What are those spots? Does anybody know? No. Sporting news radio is not part of ABC, is it? I don't know. What program could we possibly carry from ABC? Must be that Peter Jennings show from the other side. So, there, I don't even know. You should, you should, I waste my time with this or not. With what? With this last little thing. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I mean, you could have put it aside for, you know. What else do I got? Well, what kind of how is that? It's not that big of deal. So, he likes cats. Yeah, but this business about a well-known grumpy old fart, we're smirching cats and cat owners, y'all, y'all, y'all. Well, the line there really bugs me is he says, as heading to the steaks on or having been adopted by not one but two feelings, I can't contest it as the cat was man's best friend. Not some slobbering dog was spent half a time trying to hump your leg. I ain't to break the news to you, blah, but it's the cat that runs up against your leg in a very eerie and very air away, like a spooky, you know what I'm saying? Oh, geez. Cat's a photo agenda. You know, when you go to Vegas when the air is real drying, you touch things and that little spark, you know, that, you know, that, you know, that, you know, that, static electricity. Well, that's what you get with the cat. Oh, god. Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. You can, you can, you can give me like a dumb looking to put their tail up in the ear and like, do whatever it really want to do. And depending on the night and depending, they're stupid is what they are. They just say, they do their own thing. It's got nothing to do with you unless they're hungry. Listen, cats are fine for old ladies. That is fine. If I'm a farm, that old or a net leavey like, although a little bit, but not that leavey like, yeah, you're fair. I'm getting there. A farmer, big piece of property. Anyway, I'd love old goes about that was shocked yesterday's outbursts of this individual. One considers his favorite pastime as watching men and children pants beat each other with sticks while skating. Is it any wonder? The shot at hockey, yeah? I watched you. I'm interested in watching men and children pants, but not necessarily hockey players. Anyway, he says the cat is the preferred pet of civilized cultured human beings that are his preferred by ruffians and the endothal's and about that there was no doubt. So, Darrell passes us along with the case I had missed it. Which I hadn't gotten to that yesterday's, huh? Oh boy. What could that blah blah listen to between ten and two online for free, that would be more entertaining unless aggravating? Come on, blah blah. Get with it. Marlins planned to visit Charlotte, North Carolina. The Marlins continued to explore relocation. Will visit Charlotte, North Carolina, February March. The Charlotte Observers says. Any interest? Oh, is anybody here? Oh, I think most people are getting tired of being threatened or we're leaving. We're leaving. Unless we get what we want to leave it by. Bye bye. See ya. Get out of here already. Reports say the Mechlandburg, North Carolina County Commission is agreed to it. And they also said they're going to play an outstanding for another only 15-20 years at most times. What did they say, Josh? Yeah, maybe 25. 25, 25, 30 years more than that's it. Then we'll miss them after that. Reports say the Mechlandburg North Carolina County Commission is agreed to a four real estate lawyer, Jerry Rees' proposal, to build a retractable roof stadium as part of a 600 million to send her million dollar redevelopment featuring orifice as any residential element. The Marlins have visited Portland, Oregon, San Antonio, and he invited us to Charlotte lost wages, Northern New Jersey, North Virginia, and Monterey, Mexico. On Wednesday, highly-amere Julio Roe-Bayne has stated he'll meet with Marlins officials. Next week about the possibility of building a state of an highly of, from maybe sweet water, or ojish, or two-way or opholaca. Yeah, maybe after about a sawgrass, implantation would be good. What do you say? Great, more power to them. Let's build a stadium right next to the Amaccawina Sounds Good. Whatever that bank, Bank America United Rentals, the Yentacenter. Build a right next to us, just pop on in there. Now, Barry Jackass, right? So now I gotta say Barry. Joe Bell has got your number, man. Wow. This article is, remember what I said yesterday? I said Mark this down, and so on what he's gonna write today. And sure enough, he writes about the ratings, but in a very different way that he would if Joe Bell wouldn't like to meet him a death threat. Nice going, Joe. Seriously, he sent Luca Bratzio, but it would have club with an iron club. Iron pipe. Hey, Barry, ever want to walk again? Well, listen, putts. This is what you're gonna write. As opposed to the usual, I got my headway up to tickets asked, cause, you know, we have this, this incestuous relationship. And then like I said, the sarny, he hasn't discovered it. The ruthless and flat yet. And let me ask you this, it's only gonna take nine years for this thing. They set up yesterday to get to Pluto. Isn't that exciting? Yeah. I wish you're gonna be counting every minute every second. And that was it. Once once we get out there, gets to Pluto. But I'm Mickey Mouse, the Olad. It takes pictures, I imagine. What are how many billion dollars are wasting on that crap? We can't afford to rebuild the levees down there, because there's too many chopped up people in New Orleans. And we don't really give a crap about that. They don't for a book for us anyway. Right? Just like Team Baker told Bush one, well, we don't care about those Jews down there. And Florida, they don't for a book for us anyway. And he was right in Palm Beach. They go for a patty cannon. Well, there you go. What comes around goes around? 26 past 10. Anybody that doesn't like dogs? I mean, what? Do you know anybody that doesn't look dogs? Let me think. God. Right out the top of my head. I mean, dogs are bright and are like we sponsored and are good companions. By the way, they're just like people. They're good ones. They're bad ones. Right. That's great. But cats. See, my first experience with a cat. I was a little kid in Rochester. Maybe five years old. And I went down the end of the street and it was like a stray cat. And I kind of adopted a cat or adopted me. In fact, this cat used to show up at our door. And we made the bad mistake of putting a bowl of milk up a couple of times. That's a bad mistake. Because then you'll live it through a bit. I'm carrying the cat back to the house. This little kitty cat. And it did a number right in my arms. Now I dog would never do that, right? Well, a puppy. But otherwise, no. No, a puppy would never poop in your arms. Get out of here. I'm talking about that number. Oh, no, those Tracy did a one or two of them. It was really good. I was like, well, I'll frighten my arms. And from that moment forward, I just hated cats like poison. Did you rake it? How's your doggy box coming at the house? By the way, your doggy. You're all at the run it over. Man, I can't wait to see get those golden retrievers. 27 past 10 QAM. This is a new Roger. Let's go, go, go, go, go. This is 5.16. 6. Friday, you best, dude. He's like, what's step away from Iroin bag, you know? And of course, Hey, Iroin, I'm taking you like poison by the way. And playing you for that morning number. Don't go, bring him out. Oh, I couldn't if I tried. You're fair. So I'm in the canteries. Even though we're too guys. Don't move, bring him out. Help me, you are the best. I would dream it out where it's just you know. Who went always a dress? Who? Everyone knows it. Nothing to say is our wedding day soon. Now we can show it. Now we can show it. Mary, please. I'm done with my knees. Who's going? I'm done with my knees. Let them. Don't go, bring him out. I won't go, bring him your heart. Don't go, bring him out. Who took you to do it? I won't go, bring him. He's 22 or 5.16 WQA. And I'm not even going to waste my time with that dog and cat thing. And you like whatever you like. You know, some people like the normal ice cream. I like some a little more of flavor to it. Anyway, I'm second very seriously. I'm going to talk to Joe Bell about getting us a real program director before we have no audience left at all. This character we got in there who came in this morning for 35 minutes. But it ain't that a bit about your boss. He's a nip with. You can't tell him anything. He's a hard ass. We need somebody who knows a little bit more about broadcasting as opposed to just ball games and Josh Straps and taking showers with the boys. You know what I'm saying? Man, that's what we need. Let's get duck back in there. Let's put the tie in fact. I mentioned that this morning. He would have to tie one on. Is that what he said? We sent him to tie one. Sports. Yeah. That's all he knows from. He's stupid ass ball games. And if you start talking about programming or anything radio related. Yeah. Yeah. You already told me that. Yeah. Talk about something else. Let's talk about the keys. Just a silly person. You know, keep mine a payroll. We've all been ahead a lot of those, you know, hangers on. You ever have any hangers on? Just this morning. Yeah. Oh, man. There's nothing like bouncing around. But anyway. Just try to turn out to be loose. Yeah. That's turn clearance. So let's bring duck back and put him in making pd again. Like he used to be. Remember how well we used to do back in those days. Well, we had somebody know who knew about radioized the pd as opposed to this little sports nerd. He just, you know, don't come in. If you don't want to listen to what I have to say, Terence, don't come in anymore. But we okay. You get on my nerves. You just ruined my day. 35 minutes. We get way behind in our usual agenda. We don't have no log in it. It like throws the whole damn light your life out of kilter. Speaking of kilts. Very jackass. Right. And that's interesting. They put the headline. Wait till you're this. I'm leading on the rise. 790 in ratings on the rise in their Levi's. Yeah. You should listen along. You know what? This reminds me of last April. Remember they got that a few wire diaries 18 to 34 men. That's going to be our demographic. We got, you know, they got a couple of fluke diaries in their right away. That's going to be their story. You ain't got no story. Cause next month they'll be right back to the point. Oh, oh. Same old crap. The October 2, December, radio ratings. It's generally called a fall book. Very, the radio ratings are out this week. And while everything is a matter of perspective. Here are two indisputable facts rights. A little pod you want. One. Though it's ratings dropped. WQM still meets 790 to take it over all and during all of the four or five hour measured day parts. What was that? Four. I see what it's saying. Two acquiring dolphins rights undoubtedly helps 790 whose audiences increasing nivably, especially in mid-late afternoon. That Daniel will pass you by the way he's Portuguese. He's not Cuban at all. Okay. That's why I hear Portuguese. See. In a key demographic group men 2554 from Monday to Sunday, WQM was 10th in the market with a 3.4 share and 790 was 19th with a 2-2. Well, I'm pretty embarrassed to be a sports station and have a 2-2. I'll come a 1-3 in a previous ratings book. Though WQM did a manager Joe Bell and 790 didn't yet have our hour by our break done to compare competing shows. Albert Trond doesn't make them available to mid-week reporters. Although they're not obvious you idiot. In the men's 2554 demographic WQM led 6 to 10 AM a 2.5. to a 2.4 OO, 5.0 to a 1.7 from 10 AM to 3 PM and 3.731 from 3 to 7 PM. It wasn't a strongest book we've ever had but I'm pleased with our overall line of Bell said, noting sports lessons here for overall is increased in the market. 790 got some benefit from the dolphins. It'll be interesting to see when the dolphins are out of the equation, like right now. The ticket would move to a sports format in September 2004 acquired the dolphins, hoping it would boost its overall audience. The dolphins have something to do with it but it's also met her being on the year 16 months and a product of our line-up 790 GM John Weener, Stu got said, right the same line up that was getting 0.0 all the time it will continue to do another day. It opens her long gone. How's that dolphin playoff for a game coming? So there's very jackasses taken like I said, Sony in the Sun Sennel. He doesn't know there were any ratings. He doesn't know that Moe is in his life show on his station. He doesn't know that the Sun also rises and it says, Sony is going to be 52 degrees in Toronto today. He says no squat. All he knows from his ESPN's got this, he got four pages online of garbage. He's picking up right where time's good collect off. Nothing about what's happening on the local sports scene. It's all about your cookie cutter, national crap, that anybody could write five year old child could write that a little kitty cat could write it. What a little tabby cats. You'd like to pull on the Sun Sennel? Yeah. The one at the 80-252 votes. I'll keep re-checking it here so I can give it to the men numbers on it. It's very important. It's in Brower Doe, of course, which is most little county by far in Florida. And it's not going to get on the bell the name, so it's kind of a mood point. But it's interesting to see a group strongly supported by Florida's Republican Party wants to vote a referendum this November. Whether to ban game marriages and same-sex of the unions in the state. Are you for or against the ban? 41.5% in favor of the ban, 53.4% against the ban, and 5.1% with no little own cats. Out of 80-253 votes, how do you like that? Are you shocked by that? Not real. I mean, it's an anonymous thing. We've changed to express your intolerance in bigotry and paranoia. How does it affect anybody else? Does it affect no? No. Who cares? Wow, well, this is going to destroy traditional marriage of the, yeah, yeah, mama. Okay, speaking of polls. Here's the one we did yesterday and see they're probably really confused now because the one that's on it right now with over a thousand votes in our goal is a thousand during the show. That's today a poll for the weekend. Now if you knew imagine by Monday morning how many votes we can get on air? 2000. How many thousand? About 30,000 votes. Yeah, how come the Sun Sentels got 853 votes in air pool online? And we got like, we're lucky to get a thousand. Huh? Huh? That's because we got nobody listening. Do you see the book? They're all listening to a radio swivey. They're listening to old Julius La Rosa records. And by the way, he wasn't Cuban. Who's death in 2005 was saddest to you was our full yesterday. All of the Americans had died needlessly in a rack of 125. Did I tell you that would win? Yes. And I said, that's a movie. Johnny Carson just edgeed out Richard prior. 106 for here is Johnny and Richard prior 103 who had prior commitments. I hate this poll 73. None of the above 70. Hunter Rest Thompson 46. Pope Paul John the 2th was a lovely fashion plate on a slab 34. Was that the old slab on a slab? Luther Van der Wauss got 30 men. He's still dead by the way. And that we have to add what's his name? Wilson Pickett. Look at Tim and a man. And Vancroft 23. That's why I voted for our love Dan Vancroft. She was just so great and married to Mel Brooks. I don't know why that has anything to do with it. It just kind of adds a little something something. I mean, to the ambiance of her life. The fact is, just like Yolder Radner was married to a gene wilder. Right? See what I'm saying? I don't know. It was at Park 16 Peter Jennings 15. Who still listen to those just lean down records in hell. Nipsy Russell 13. Kevin's 14. Who did mole for TV? Don Adams or Nipsy Russell? Who did more for Chris shows? Who did mole from what we heard those bits? Probably everybody did mole. So it sounds like Bob Denver 11. Simon Vesenthal 11. Terry Shirell. Two of 10. Eddie Guerrero 9. Hank Strand had eight. Let's see. Yeah. I'm smoking a band of my ass. Go away. It's smoking in the band. How about booginess? Do we put that on there? I don't know. We are the problem with this pull that we got on there right now. See when Eric first put it on there, they were an alphabetical order, but as soon as you get one vote, that's all hot. So I'll leave it to you guys to like figure it out. How many, how is it? There's about 8,000 different movies on there. Well, let me get back to this again. Hank Strand, a George Vest, the footballer, seven. James Doon, six. Fat Rich, five. Paul Winschle, five. William Wrenchle, five. Old Billy Boy. John Delorean, five. Pat Marita, four. Frank, you think he was doing something with Ralph Machio? Frank, we're new for Eddie Albert Tree, said release three Johnny Cochlan, two Howard Morris, two. Howard Morris, man. He was from the Illinois school. He was a good guy. Funny. Tom Poston, Don Nots. Didn't Don Nots just croaked? I don't know. I look it up. Get out of here. You don't know. I think Don Nots just met Marvin Maker, man. I think they just went to that great harness track in a sky amount of cello. Pat McCormick won one each for these. Michael Fale, Frank, Gorson, Ed McBane, Dickwebber, the board, who was no Billy Gole and the Eski, Bill Prachmeyer. He was, who's the left handed board from, Mark Marty, Marty Perrino from Syracuse. You know, something the fact that I remember something like that is very, it's very disturbing to me. William Lame and one, Barbara Ligati's one, Arthur Miller won. No votes for Louis Nye, the aforementioned one, Link Ray Vincent Chivelli, he said, Love, Barbara Melgetties, Eddie Oliver Prince Renier, Max Schmelling, how's Max? He's still Schmelling, very great. And Don Nots is still kicking. No boy, not, uh, are you sure? That's right, he's been on a way out, because they just had a big trippetimini, so he's like right on the edge. He's kind of like Larry Hagman. Surely Chism, none. None for Ossie Davis, Eugene McCarthy, Jack Anderson, the Muck-Raking columnists to break a lot of muck. Ralph Edwards, this is your life. Ralph. I have no lot anymore. Skitt Anderson, Hilligard, John Ray, Terone Davis, Prince, or is that Tyrone? Prince Renier installed Bella, I held a fellow out of 777. None. That was what we had during the show. I hope we don't, no, we're getting the movie pull. That's going to really aggravate some cat lover out there. I wanted, he wanted that guy. I wanted Daryl, said me that, you know? I mean later in the day, I would have read that. I read the last of those stuff every day, whatever he's rambling on about, was just fine. But why did he do that? Just, just like all the other talk show groupies out there, just trying to stir the crash. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62. A-s-s. Oh, what's the problem officer? The floor from the vehicle. If you're caught driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authorities who enforce seat belts. Safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. Perpings. And fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. And you when eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that the law. The law. The law. The law. Come out of the poor 11.56. You've got Curtis Stevenson and Troy Strattford. What obtained a man to the for the Sanctenone. Why is it on air while spreading and calling the service of those accounts? Bad dog. Who does in the pines for the 7. The B7. 10. And that's really enacted. This version. No. A schedule. So it's bigger that it's the law. Anybody who doesn't believe me when Tammy faces. So no law. I mean no sooner than Osama. The audio tape had been value who to buy yesterday. Then they start reporting very doodifully. We're not new. We're working on the MSNBC. Oh, well the US isn't going to raise the terror of these security threat level. The homeland department. I mean, I said there are my touch yesterday watching that. I don't know whether to drop a gigantic load or a pill of an an I just can't believe it. Why? There's a little election coming up. Oh yeah, right. Man, man, a lie. Be afraid. Be afraid. That's what they want to do. Every time there's an opportunity to give the people pee. Oh, we can save. Safety, safety. We've had no terror attacks inside 11. I'm going to say it right out flat. I think the bushes and the bids were not in together. How do you like that? All right. And every day goes by. Become more and more convinced that this whole deal was hatched by the biggest quirks on a face of the world. The bushes and the bin Laden's business partners. Words of a feather kill people together. You think it's just a coincidence we can't find Osama or any of those other top management. Although we do keep killing a lot of instance of victims in a meantime, but nobody wants to talk too much about that. Well, the difference between the kind of like as an afterthought. That was an accident, but somebody got hurt. My bad. The US has no plans to raise the security threat level because of a new tape of Osama, you Mama, seeing al Qaeda's planning attacks. What a surprise counter terrorism officials say yesterday. It's like they're talking about a kindergarten children. Oh, he's a planning more attacks. No. Could have fooled me. The White House firmly rejected and been law and suggested to be negotiated. We don't negotiate with terrorists vice president Dick Cheney, Sanitini and I think he answered his story. He's all heart. Counter-terror officials say they see no specific or credible intelligence to it. You know we have counter-terror officials? I give up. If a counter Walmart. Counter-terror officials say they see no specific or credible intelligence to indicate an upcoming al Qaeda attack on the USA. Normally notice an uptick in terrorist communication chatter. They're still got chatter. Although they can dramatically increase or decrease immediately before in the time. Increase decreased state of saying more normally or all of these things. They don't know. Then what damn thing? All they notice, they want to keep you really nervous on edge. They want to keep your bag overflowing. And they seem to be doing how to jump. You know, when we get to this poll, you know how once it will be well because I don't want to like crane my neck and see if you're trying to read off the computer monitor. So while I print something out we get a lot of votes. Six pages this took. Yeah. This doesn't include the ones that are coming in here on your assaliad. I mean, he's great facts. Yeah. But before we get to this another one was boring polls. Wilson Picket be dead. Now you got that news recruited on the Humphrey ticket home and steal it. Oh no, I got it on the computer here. Let me have that. Why? So legend saying hits in the mid nine hour and must hang stalling. Got all mighty. Little Wilson could eat picket or what? I'm waiting. I don't hear no. I don't know. Wilson Picket the Alabama boy and soul singer brought a raw groove and growling energy. The sixties are in B music with his such as in the mid nine hour Mustang scally died through. They was sixty-four. I don't know how to eat with us. I mean, what a time we had great R&D artists. We had Motown. If you didn't like the R&D stuff, we had the. And now we got hip hop rip. I'll uh, uh, crab. So called Rack music. Gains the rat. Maybe that I'd say it will do. Well, what's going on in the U.S.A. The rock at Will Hall of Fame, member died at a hospital in his rest in Virginia. Home home. He was doing there. That's it. After seven heart attack, Kroy to a statement released by his personal manager, Margo Lewis. Chris Todd Hill of the management company talent source had taken it. It's been seven. The health problems for the last year. His career span four decades. And before slowing down in 2005, he continued. Isn't this amazing how he liked the diet. I mean, they were doing a full about dead people. Although he didn't make the cut for 2005. Oh, well, Mark is gone for next year. Right. Uh, before I unless we change the format, he had continued to perform, uh, earning her Grammy nomination for the 99 album. It's harder now, which also received the three WC hand awards, the in-genre trophy for blues and silver corne. Despite his longevity as we courting artists, his career was truly defined by his Rastory forceful delivery on a 160s R&D hits kind of Rastory like John Ritzberg. John R&D, WLAC and Nashville. Yeah, like that. Among them, Land of a Thousand Dance is Monkey Broadway and the telephonic 6v45789. 6v4, if I remember that? 570. Yeah, that was. The second, like Beachwood file, a 4v5789. Got him off the ladder as a quarter. I see. The single was nicknamed the Wicked Pickett for his graph power and no recording cap to the intensity more famously than the Reving 66 hit Mustang Sally, released by Atlantic Records. I've read your 100 was also on Atlantic Records and so was your Retro. That's wrong and in the mid-night hour, where touchstone hits for the 60s music fans and they were revived memorably for a new generation by the 91 Allen Parker film The Commitments. And it's hit soundtrack. The popular films plot about a scruffy collective of young Irish musicians. I didn't know he was Irish and they're ill-fated attempt to meet him perform with their hero ticket. So there you go. Wilson Pickett is the Dammit. And what's who else move roles? Right? I don't hold bunch of good people by. I read the series where the 20th of January. Sunny in 52 and Toronto there is no such thing in the world that we keep that in mind. Now here's the facts from us somebody. Oh, right. Again, he got a good fact yesterday so now because I said something good. Now he's out of control. A few of us for the list that he wants to add. Momento, how could we let that off for there? I decide out of my right. Well, let's get it on our insurance not on there. Radish of the lost arc is that on or not? That is no. Well, I mean, we don't want to have these on their twice. Yeah, that would be bad. We don't care. Shawshank with them. Oh, so tired. He heard I might have to watch that already. I am going to get Americanist Rehisto this weekend. It you won't be disappointed. I don't think. Okay. All about Eve. Was that about Eve Arden? Armas Brooks? Who was in that all about you? Some great actors. I don't know. It was good movie. Black and white though. A Josh wouldn't like it anyway. For his dump. For his dump. Oh, no. That's where Ray Nagan said life is like a bunch of chocolates. The big loveowski, which you told me absolutely blows, I didn't see it. So I didn't see it until you had anything about it. It's not that bad. Oh, I'm not. I'm not kidding. Well, when the best you can do is say it's not that bad. That's not what I consider too many good movies I haven't seen those for one. It's not that bad. Well, you got to watch City of God this weekend. Hmm. A few good men. Tom Cruise in the Jack Nichols. You can't handle the truth, Tarantz. You simple. You fair. Oh, God. Did you get on my nerves? Jesus. See you knowing. How come you didn't kick his ass out of there? Take the boss? Oh, when you stop saying that. Jesus, you said it'd be like a supplicant. I don't know the two. You have something going on there. Next thing, next thing, you know, you're going to be saying those of boss. Yeah. Yeah, what's the other one? What's the other one we got in here? It's under Yazir. Oh, it's under Yazir. Are you sure? Oh, this one. Yazir boss. Ha ha ha ha ha. Thanks, by the way, for the memory. Oh, don't do it. I don't think you're left. It's a great legacy. I'm not, not anything, not a good audience, but a legacy. A field of dreams. It's an a real stupid baseball movies. The player is that a, what's the player? Is that a, uh, polynomial movie? There's that. Oh, no, the Tim Robbins. It's about, uh, you don't watch it. It's got what we go. Burg and line. Ow. Ow. If it's the one that's. The same. Like I said, there's a, uh, polynomial movie. Vertigo with Jimmy Stewart who's still dead. And boogie nights, which that needs to be on our way to a boogie night. It's not on there. Boogie night. I find it very, with eight million movies that most, which I'm going to read, though, Holester to top there. A new people out there. It's your job. It's your assignment now. If you're going to add to this, which I know, I do what you want to. But, uh, you know, to listen very careful, though, we've been very slowly. By that time we've got three, thirty one. Finish reading the list. And by that time, imagine how many cats we can nuk by that time. This is Neil Rod. They all think they like the way. Imagine they're in the same place. This is the Neil Rodger's shell. Who could take the toy? This is your toy. It's your toy. It's your toy. It's your toy. It's your toy. It's your toy. It's your toy. It's your toy. Any questions? Please, please. To the price of cats in Christmas. Make them tasty and crispy everywhere. Take your toys and put them on. All right. You call this them at the exact same way. All across the nation. We've got a lot of patients. Rolls in. All the concern is shine. We've got a lot of patients. Not a guess. Oh, please, not a cat. I prefer olive oil myself. All you want me to. Extra virgin of course. When you say a thing. All right. Look at this. Was the 2004 election. Sixth. I'm going to read that baby. Nothing. I'm reading more of these bedtime stories. But I might make a few exceptions whenever I feel like it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. Where am I going to go? To make you take me service for a split. Don't ever take signs with anyone against the family again. Ever. Ever. But justice. We must go to the court early. I can't hear anything. I'm smart. I can't be funny. It's safe. Let go. I'm smart. And I want to speak. Daddy, part day will never get that over me. I don't get how many take over any of what Graceful. Come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. While I'm going to tell you something, my crock, McFriend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was. Come to lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you? Look at brushes. I don't see you after white everybody out. Just my own. That's all. I know. You've thrown my heart. You've thrown my heart. You've thrown my heart. It's a matter of what. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. Daddy, part day will never get that over me. I don't get how many take over any of what Graceful. Come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. While I'm going to tell you something, my crock, McFriend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You'll be a son of a horse. Come to lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you? While I'm going to tell you something, McFriend. Do you know who I am? I'm more green. I made my boat when you were going out with cheerleaders. I'm going to make them out with games with you. Oh, probably, I'll see him no more. See what's beautiful. See what's young. He was innocent. See what's the greatest piece of ass I have. I'm not hurt of all over the world. You're taking a sparing person. Anyway, it's just a little taste, huh? A little taste. Just a little bit. Okay, fine. Oh, the oliva. How about tasting the canoleal? I won more time for the West Coast. For all time sake. The godfather, 2021. There's nobody even close. Passive like a 56. 1.5 over a cook was nest 41. Had with Star Wars 41. I'll take a cook was nest any day over. I mean Star Wars is fine. It's fine. But cook is for a people with a childish mentality. Godfather, part 2, only 36. See, so I'll make a dose. I'll start a 26. Lord of the Rings 34. Although now we've got 21.2,000 trees. So in other words, the whole, the, the whole deal. Oh, yes. Go ahead, Josh. Start talking. Oh, oh. How you guys are probably pizza from a brand of beef. How we're only sitting open till like 11. Oh, you're probably the house again. No, we're having some, uh, much. You're much and on it. Yeah. Munchkins, what is that? Donut holes. Ooh. Placing saddles. Back home 32. Josh 31. Yes, something we can't see the A word anymore. How about you don't at whole? We can say that. Can't he shag 20. Oh, come on. When you people get serious. Can't he shag is the best movie of all time. We keep talking about this for some reason. Ah, this is the sports nerd mentality. He's overgrown punk. You know, it was a funny movie. But to say it's the best movie of all time. That to be to be this far up on the list. Time would Dr. Strange glove. It was already a drink. A very overrated and one overdue. Fair 9 and 11 27. So another was candy shack was better than fair 9 and 11. Money Python and holy grail 23. You know, by the time I get through reading this list, it's going to be like about 430. Animal house 20. Apocalypse now 19. I'm not going to read them all. Just double the answer. So the rest, no chance. Apocalypse now 19. Pulp fiction 17. It's a wonderful life 17. Talk about overrated. Oh, good fellow 17. Braveheart 15. Network 15. Clockwork 415. Transpawning 13. Yes, spot this. To kill a mockingbird 13. You know, we can kill a mockingbird. Kitty can't. She had sort of a good for something. Lawrence of Arabia 13. Airplane 11. Now there's the funniest movie of all time. Not even close. So much funnier than candy shack that we take a comedy pole. I mean, years ago, I'm sure we did. The bed yeah, we go. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not going to do that now. Friday 11 Friday. What's Friday? Friday is a movie? Yes. It's very fun with Chris Tucker and Ice Cube. Oh, not for me. They're good to bed in the Uglie 11. And I'm just going to even the names of the, I'm not going to give you the numbers. The other one, the other 400, their runner young Frankenstein. So, there's a great response. If you don't or if you don't, give me some compliments or the answers. Please faculty are perfectly and a small as reading. Recky and Prodry, Magnolia's got five already. You see that you're quizzing your silly person. You're fairie. Hard days night. Great escape, beautiful mind. E.T. the after-treatful, Ravel. Sin City. I don't see what you call it on here. Yes, city of God. Oh, it's on there. Chinatown, heat, all the presents, men, midnight cowboy, misery, rollerball, the sting, being there. Once upon a time in America, if you got 20 or 30 hours to spare its great, your Jimbo, your Jimbo. Hey, you Jimbo. Oh, right. Taxi driver, sing it on the rain. King Kong, fighting, Nemo. Oh, he's the one with a big ears. City of God. There he goes. Got three votes. Not as many as Magnolia though. It's one of the other with them. What? You've been talking about Goliath. Get out of here. Better not. You're going to vote for what I say. Get away. They will. No, they will not. Bonnie and Clyde from here to return to the Umberto D. Easy rider, they French concoction. Who framed Rogers Rabbit? Gold finger, North by Northwest, and I'm still trying to find that for you. I can't, it's out of front again. I get tape fear. That's the 91 version. That's one with the De Niro. Guess who's coming to the near? They call me Mr. Tidin. I'm not interested in that they're like side by each each. He's the one. It's the Titanic. The pink panther. Unforgiven swing time. The searcher's raging bull. Miller's crossing overrated. Mature and candidate. Eight and a half. Children of paradise. Shared. The apatryology. What does that? A giri. The wrath of God. Is that Hank a giri? A star is born. The birds. A star is born by the right. 54. It's one with duty girl and James Mason. That's the definitive one. The birds. Ifhtar. The hustler. The birds. Kill them. Buzzy. The liver and spawning for columnbine. Ways of desire. Tokyo's story. Some like it hot. Pinocchio. Persona. Once upon a time in the west. In the next gun. The trapoz. Meet me in St. Louis. Louis. The last command. His girlfriend. The fly. Now that's the 86 one. That's with the Jack old blum. As opposed to the really good one with the Vincent Price. Finton. The translator is non. Look at his candy shacks got 28 votes and invasions of the body snatchers has none. Seriously, some of you people out there, you never grew up. These are the same people who are one of them who are re-cain jackets on and they're little paraphernalia. We love their hairy canes, but they've lost their game. Geez. Silly people. In a lonely place, a cureoo. Farewell my concubine. The 400 blows, I agree. Double indemnity, dogs worth detour, the deck of log. They for nights, the crowd, the cram of Monsieur Lange. That's about my claim. Mostly watch trains, chunking your spress, where they got some fantastic takeout, right a Frankenstein, bond they apart at an animal, my French would all baby face in the awful truth. So, just my memory tells me that although not boony nights, I do forget whether I read that or not. Did I read that? No, but we put it on there. No, but I'm just saying it was not a little bit ago. No, it was not. So, Riley, like I said, did a fabulous job must be Rick Riley, because I don't think any of the ones he's got on this list around him, he must have checked and double check. Nice go away appreciate that. Oh, because if there's one thing we hate is people that like duplicate, right? Absolutely. Cane and triple cane. And as you take, like clearance, it's a clearance. Hey, clearance. You fall away, don't. I don't want, you know, he just won't stop doing. Then I tell him about a week or a 10 days ago to stop doing it. And by the way, clearance wins day. Next Wednesday's payday. It's all I need to have to say to you, next Wednesday's payday. Take care of it. Take charge of it. Final it, squeeze it and the paycheck too. Okay. And make sure it gets there. That's all. That's all we need. Everything else is just fine. How do you like his cost to comment about our five whatever the hell is going to be sure from 10 to two? Well, you know, that's not what he said. But compared to everything else, compared to the son of those other numbers on this radio station, a bogus book with a hurricane book, we're not too, he would be prayed to be proud about that. He said we're going to lose some bonus money. No, they ought to camp what they ought to do is cancel the book to arbitron up yours and just give you a bit of a full bonus. Or at least they can do for us working over hot microphone during those very difficult conditions. Hot steamy like a private a drive to work in a hurricane and they're only other stuff on the trees, size, size, size, size. Man, I just jeopardize my life doing that. We're going out of bed and come in here. 1113 at 5. 60 WQM finally at TV experience like no other. Comcast digital cable with on the man is easy news. He has lots to love, like no other. And today you can try for only 29.99 a month or four months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies like we're talking about today and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons, and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it. And don't forget about control. With on demand, you can start, stop, pause, rewind and fast forward programs using that remote control. You sure can't get all of this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule. Who could want more? Best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your show time, sit back in the wonder how you ever lived without it. Call today or their Comcast digital cable in HBO with the power of on demand for only 29.99 a month for four months. And date call 305 Comcast and in 9.54 Comcast. Call for it until certain decisions apply. 305 Comcast and date and 9.54 Comcast and this is Neil Rogers. This is 516. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. Oh, it's your owner. 1. 1. You fell out of his wheelchair. 1. Is he still breathing? 1. Okay, can you go check? I'll stand the line. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. Good. Good. Help is on the way. I know you're scared. 1. Just stand the line with me and think happy thoughts. Imagine a giant mouse filled with catnip. 1. Did there anything else you need to do? 1. Of course you are. I'll have one of the officers open a can for you. 1. Oh. Who's a good kiddie? 1. Yes. I'm so bad room to choose claim to be cognizal off. But sometimes that's not soft enough. That's when you need to get an L bathroom to choose. 1. Let's try the paper that's getting this all over. 1. 7. No bathroom to choose doesn't come on a roll. 1. Kidnell is a big cradle right before the kitten has a sex nest in the floor. 1. When you're ready, just grab one out and feel the difference that real kitten for a man. 1. That's all. 2. If those aren't balls of yarn you know, and for those with sensitive skin, we recommend new declawed kidnell bathroom to choose. 1. That's much better. 2. No bathroom to choose. It's like a kidnell. It has to be soft. I'm going to say we'll always be a little bit of cat bits and nothing. Like this one. Oh yeah, it's quite a lot. I won't go this one. Oh yeah. Well, well. That's always a good sign when you say I will cook this morning. That's always a good start. Okay. Let's take a few calls here about 4.5,000. Maybe end 4.5. Well, by the time we get to this list it's going to take at least now or keep your office street this weekend to a peruze through there and make it. This is a very scientific. This is the important one. That's why I'm going to leave it on all weekend long. Because the first time we did this we had 17, how many votes we have? 1738. All right. And what we got so far here just in the end of the show yesterday. 12.19. So by Monday morning we have like what 45.5,000. Easy. Wow. WQAM. Hello. There's probably the best call we're going to have today. 5.670560. I think that's amazing. Is that Riley, whoever he is, the a factually there, was able to make a whole, you know, and usually we rip people like that, you know, we didn't say one of the ten best movies of all time. But when you look at the list he gave, I think all of those deserve to be on it. Right. Well, most time it's long and gave it to Josh and said, do it. Good. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Someone bought their pop for no cause. That is good. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Regarding the poll yesterday, Ronald Reagan, what did he die last year? Ronald Reagan died last year? No chance. Was it a year ago? I think 2004. Look at how Google had Josh or George or somebody. In that number. There is no chance that it was last year that he died because if he were to die, wouldn't he have been on every list that I looked up? Huh. Yeah. As a new driver for a politician. In the form of the two years, yeah. Yeah. I'm going to get. Oh, so. Oh, when I was, when I just say 2004, you were like. And I was short. And so. You mentioned, uh, you're talking about Al Gore a couple days ago. Yeah. Why is still run the PMRC? The PMRC. Yeah. Parents, music, resource centers. Oh, I thought of his number. Oh, you mean essentially ring the group of sensory languages. Which is he mean, a tear. That's a good thing. Yeah. That's a bad tip. He's going to go downtown or two. Is there what? There's a bunch of fascists. Uh, yeah. No kidding. I mean, it's all about. No kidding. All about Howard Dean in the next one. There you go. Howard Dean, baby. Now we're talking. Yeah. That's it. Howard Dean, he be the man. Thousands of Americans are victims every year. Deeds stop at nothing to take your car until now. Introducing the newest in auto-development protection. The Howard Dean, car alarm. The King has looked, of course. He may grow Mars. When solved, the Howard Dean, car alarm, would be chair of the most crappy would be the thieves. The Howard Dean, car alarm. Now available in select states. And come in soon to arrest a American. None of the money generated by the sales of the Howard Dean, car alarm benefit the Howard Dean for presenting. Oh, somebody says the constant Gardener, which is a recent very recent current constant Gardener, right? Her good thing about it, but haven't seen it. Right. So let's get that on there. And they also, uh, Schrochner, and Queen Emerson and Americanist reacts. And since you tell me how good that is, how come it's not on list? It isn't. Americanist reacts. I don't believe so did I read it? You know what I'm saying? What? I'm positive. I did not read it. I would have known. I'd have known it. Huh? We will put them on there. Americanist reacts. The constant Gardener, that's E&ER Gardener, like high Gardener. I sure hope not. 560560, see if you're some of those old names out there for chicken and cuisine. I do only ones of them. And maybe the hump for my three listen. He wets himself when you do that. He won? Brian. Oh, I'm here. That's why I do it. Wow, listen. What can I tell you? I hear he does that a lot. A short. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM I want to add a movie to your song. I want to do it. Go ahead. Partly. I said go right ahead. Man for all seasons. Okay. Man for all seasons. Man did. Oh, right. I got it from all seasons. Well, we can have like 7,000 movies on it. Let's just, I tell you what. Let's just, I got the movie book. Let's just put every movie that was ever made on there. Let's do it. Just cut and pay. Cut and pay. Because in our Josh's the computer expert, but I have a feeling that it really does make a difference. Well, this can be like 80,000 doesn't make any difference. That is correct. It's just like goes on a copy of a. It's like an infinite roll of toilet paper. Yeah. And it just keep rolling like an endless roll of toilet paper. Wouldn't that be sweet? Well, it depends on what kind of course. Charmin. Yeah. People with 5, 6, 7. A big important. People would never get to the stories though. The little. Oh, I'm sorry. Go on. The story. They're important. By 10, 15 this morning. Oh, brother, what a joke. What age? They didn't upload. What's the point? What's, you know, tell me, like, say, like, my sitting down in a this morning and you can't hear anything. I never opened a mic. You know, well, you're there. They're my bad. I did it. I was here. You just never opened a pot, baby. You can't smoke unless you're open. And okay, Jesus, cake, Christ. Man, anybody believes that audio is swabby. He's got more than six listeners. It's got to be a lunatic. If you people pay, you know something that you can take care of Josh's raise. Easy. Just don't pay arbitrage for this book. I should have. Let's boy cut. I agree to. Stick it. That's right. Take that money and give it to Josh. You're maybe 10% to George, just for some pot money. Right. I don't know. I mean, what kind of crap is that? Nobody is returning any mail. Nobody's getting any mail. And like, oh, well, yeah, see, I'm your auntie. Every radio station and the TV stations lost a fortune in revenue during the hurricanes because we were, how many people were advertising back then? We're most of the businesses weren't even open. Right? Most of it was like, wall to wall nonstop. Don't go here. Don't go there. Don't send out the tree and whatever. For days and days on end. So I can't arbitrate. I'm taking a little bit of a hit too. I stick it. You people up there and belt stuff. They just make it up. Okay? Let's see. We got 85 Julio's over here. We got the 72 chocolate folks over here. Get out of here. And of course, in the trailer park, they must also miss the trailer parks. And of course, there nobody in trailer parks was getting any mail. They were all like blown away. That's why Kisten had any number. Kisten fell off the face of the earth. In fact, your belt will them kiss this. That's why he told very Jackass when he called him up. And he was very sad. Okay. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes? You were speaking. I was only going over here. Yeah, hi. Welcome. Let's go. Thank you. I just wanted to tell you a chat. When you were a little bit of a diary. When was that? What was that? At the start. Oh, you did. Yes. My name? I can't comment on that. But all I can say is, what do we love you? Yes, I know. I'm a very, very, very, very happy planet. That's true. God bless you, sir. Thank you so much. Okay. There's an octopus. We're going to send a professional Masu or over home. Oh, man. We love that. We're going to send him a bag with a million dollars. Well, if we had it, I sure would. We're going to send him a rubber to tug. Because we need that lawyer audience. Just like this business with IOD and a damn new stuff during a hurricane. It just looked out. And a crap right wing garbage. I have on here. Let's go. I would have pill pop and fat. So hit the frith. And then at the rush wannabe. As follows in the Tampa reject. Yeah, blah, blah. And it was all about that guy. That's Schmidt, myster. What a joke he is. Yeah, rush wannabe. He goes. Yeah, like a little lower register. Anyway, I'm going to read this article. When we come back. Paul Craig Roberts, political machines. Oh, it was a bad machine, man. Was the 2004 election. I think the answer probably is. There's this. Is Neil Rogers. Oh, my God. Is five 16. Do call that a consultant? From a claim documentary filmmaker, George W. Bush comes up pill about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion. That'll be in source. Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction. When it comes to dang dogs and funny bones. The war in heights. Seven eleven. Exposing the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the era of war. My boss is cupcake his flavor. Lord, this is something. He's done a fight on the board again. And the power to everything. Oh, wow. From Washington to the Middle East. And every place in between that sells slim jeans and condyphars. We'll find a fat man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on. I can't fall in it all. Here one stone. Two of these kids who fall. Fight the board is not a real fat. Therein heights. Seven eleven. Max, excuse me, Congressman. Where we're turning the children of politicians to work. Can they get stores? When Michael Moore comes in with a hanger for 20. Sir, please come back in one second. Therein heights. Seven eleven. Now, showing 24 hours a day. Seven days a week. You can make people do anything if they're afraid. If they are taking the action to the floor. All of the airports in the United States. All commercial and airline parameters were grounded. But we have some airplanes that authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up. Some have been allowed in family members to transport the largest country. And this is a little of a war in corporations. And besides the whole of the town, we figure out how much money can be made. First up, the oil starts flowing. It's going to be a lot of money. Whatever it costs, like every one would be. It's going to be a good provisioning side to the sea of gold. Congressman, can you get members of the Congress to pick up so much money and go over to Iraq? The U.S.A.T. treat that allows the resources of medical and financial rights. It gives one person almost unlimited power. The way to the little of the night is precision in the middle of the night. How could Congress ask for a pay for it after what I was even reading? It's around myself. We don't read most of the bills. No one read. Members of Congress, this is my door. I would like to read you as a major guy. Let's see, evil soul. Oh my god, what's his door? Congressman, you have a street of small town in America. To this front line. He's in front of the crowd, the haves. And the haves most of the people call you, dearly. I call you my base. It comes with true story. The girl needs to teach him the true right. So come with us, honey. I go upon all these. You everything they can to stop these charers killed. That was the joy. Be afraid. Be afraid. Be very afraid. That haven't been said. Paul Craig Roberts writes in counter punch. As coincidence would have, that Mark Christian Miller's new book, fooled again. Documentingly Republican theft of the 2004 presidential election arrived in the same bookstore with the January television of the Symphony Express Harold. Locally owned weekly newspapers, a Florida panel county seat. There have been in the walls of the hall. The Florida panel is the old-going Republican, even Democrats run his Republicans. Nevertheless, the newspapers, at a de Rhine Kelly, believes that American political life is merged by something larger than party affiliation, in his editorial, the shepherds and the sheep, Kelly and forced their two Florida counties event any further use of valuable voting machines, machines, but after witnessing a professional demonstration of the machines, contrary to that the devils claim are easily hacked record votes differently from the way in which they're cast by voters. The pre-elections statement by Diable's CEO that he worked at a liberty election to Bush was apparently no idle boast. In five states with a new full proof electronic voting machines were used, the vote tally's difference substantially from the exit polls. Such a disparity is unusual, but chances of exit polls in five states being wrong are no more than one in a million. No describes considerably more election fraud than voting machines programmed to counter a proportional carry votes as Bush votes, votes were disenfranchised in a number of ways. Miller reports incident system intimidation of and we do is voting opportunities for poorer voters who tend to vote democratic. Some of Miller's evidence of circumstances shall high-ever he documents widespread Republican dirty tricks and foul play. The media's indifference to a stolen election burns Miller as much as the stolen election itself. Miller is not loanless concerns. The non-partisan US government accountability office, the GAO and response to congressional request investigate a number of complaints regarding electronic voting machines. Here are some of the problems that were done in the GAO with September 2005 report. Some voting machines did not encrypt cash ballots or system audit logs and it was possible to order both without being detected. It was possible to order the machine so that a ballot cash for one candidate would be recorded for another. Venders installed on certified versions of voting systems software at the local level. Access was easily compromised and did not require a widespread conspiracy, a small handful of people is sufficient to steal an election. Curiously, the media shown no interest in the GAO report, in my opinion a free press has proven to be inconsistent with a recently permitted highly concentrated corporate ownership of the US media. The electronic voting machines leave virtually no paper trail and their use involves private potentially partisan corporations tabulating the votes with proprietary software that is not transparent. A number of counties in various states have decided to return to paper ballots that can be verified or recounted, but now that Republicans have learned that they can use the electronic machines to control election outcomes, the distant franchisemen and Democrats have likely to be a permanent feature of American so-called democracy. Other reports claim that the under sampling by poll students is democratic voters grace a percentage bias that exaggerates the number of Republican voters bias much as 5% that is providing cover for vote fraud. If hard to reach democratic voters such as the working poor are less likely to answer telephones, polls can create the illusion that their more Republican voters that in fact exist. The electronic voting machines are then made to ship 5 or 6% of the vote to be Republican candidates that result as not allowed to be expected result and can be used as evidence to counter the divergence between exit polls and the vote tally. The outcome of the 2004 presidential election has always struck me a strange. Although Kerry was a poor candidate and evaded the issue most on the public's mind, I know a number of 2,000 for a majority of Americans were that voted leather country and waged with two-bitists war on the basis either of incompetence or deception. I know that over 2,000 for was completely clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons and mass destruction and that Bush had rushed to war. People were concerned by the changing rationale that Bush was offering for going to war, moreover, high-ever, the needless war was going badly and the results for no relationship to the rosy scenario painted at the time of the invasion. It seems contrary to American common sense for voters to have reelected a present who would fail in such a dramatic way. Miller directs our attention to Bush's high-end entry-minute of the centers. But electronic voting machines programmed by private Republican firms remain in our future, assembled become pointless unless it boils over into revolution. Power Mad Republicans need to consider the result when democracy loses its legitimacy and only the rich have anything to lose. Honey, like that, huh? Another fixed election, eh? No, nobody cares. That's a best part. Nobody cares. Other Democrats screaming, bloody murder, about it. Did Al Goreby's plan have we talked about yesterday to the plea by the Black Caucus in Congress? Absolutely all positively not. They rolled over and played dead. Spreaded in St. Cheese. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, and others story laid literally around. I want to do too many bedtime stories. Let's talk about cancer. Oh, yeah. U.S. obtains internet user search records, Yahoo, and others reveal queries. You're fair. Commillions of people, Google refuses. I definitely aren't included about the data trove, stir as privacy fears. Here we go again, man. And here I'm gearing and Rudolph Hess and Joseph Durables and George Govel, it'll be proud baby. Ignore me, take a boobies. How do you like that? Hello, there we in your mail. They're listening to your phone calls. They're like, uh, got their nose in your ear. I don't care. Everything you do, man. Everything you're thinking, the brain, the thought police are coming. If the word police, if we say crap, Joyce has an interest breakdown, we get $5, $80, but in dollars, they come and take away George in the his secondborn. $5, $60, $80, $80, $1000, $0, $80, $20, $%0, $100. America loves to watch books and butt pulp by nice home, I More Chenhouse Offer marriage of one or on today I've never had to finish the revocator. I'm so good. This is the Pilegian King. What's not for me? They had a big convention. I'd like to be a poor free. But I've done so bad. No idea what I was about to see. That day we were speaking in time. That's what I thought for that day. Be a very good, good, good, good, good, good. Like I've said before, I'm so good. It's a good idea how to find out that you're a poor, good, good. We can't find it. They got me believe in my time, and we can't decide this time. When I put it up, when I'm happy, I'm a little bit sad. But I'm so bad, and I'm a little bit sad. But I'm so bad, and I'm a little bit sad. And I'm a little bit sad, and I'm a little bit sad. And I'm a little bit sad. My friend does wove sick of what I do She supports me Where I get my common sense, and no man shall have bite by me Baby love choosed I hear your voice, a thunder rain I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. Start a campaign. Go forward. Just like the right one. We're only 10 times more loyal. 24-7 men. We want that radio line even if you're asleep. That's right. Put on them headphones. Put on a stick your iPod in it. Stick it right in there. Back them. Well, he stick the shoe in there. Wouldn't that be something if you listen to it in there? Man, talk about good vibrations. I wonder how the signal will be on the inside. They get those players that are so small now. That's exactly what I'm saying. Just insert. Anyway. That's what we need. We need a Jaggedy and a Frujo Bello for no other reason. Of course, for my 30th anniversary come up on March 1. Not turned man. I'm very interested if we had like another crappy couple of transit that would be bad. Because you do realize that this December things going to be hanging over our hints for a couple of months now before finally disappears. Seriously, if this company had any balls, the bees need to be out of full right now with Bellsville, Maryland, with the arbitrage. You call this a rating book. You call this research. Take it and shove it right in there with your iPod, man. But you're crap. I don't know you'll swallow my ass. God, Almighty. I heard it was pretty funny. Need it as well. Swollen. US obtained internet user search records. That'll make people nervous and other than like that. Federal investigators have obtained potentially billions of internet search requests made by users of major websites run by Yahoo, Microsoft, and America online ink. Raising concerns about how the massive data trove will be used. This information turned over to just to inform our lawyers reveals a weeks worth of online queries from millions of Americans. The internet age equivalent of eavesdropping on their intermonologues. These subpoenaed data could, for example, include how many times people searched online for Apple, Pyressapese. Mobile tickets 9-0012, or even bomb instructions. The internet company said yesterday the information did not violate their users' privacy because the data did not include names of computer addresses that disclosure nonetheless. However, alarm civil liberties advocates who fear that government could seek more detail information later on. Adjustments department spokesman said the government was not interested in the fairerding of names. Olding and searched trends is part of an effort to regulate online pornography. Right. You look at any boobies online there or many any dinglings, man, you better watch it. Because they're going to be knocking on your door about 2.30 in the morning. And drag in your old nasty, perverted ass right out the door. With mole. But the search engines to penis came amid broader concerns over how much information the government collected and how the data are used. Congress is debating an extension of the Patriot Act. Oh my God. Which dramatically has spent the government's ability to obtain private data. And congressional hearings are expected soon on the legality of a national security agency program, pogrom to track communications by US citizens without prior court approval. Privacy advocates have the chance to pursue such queries, peruze such queries, provided an unprecedented glimpse into people's private thoughts and habits. The thought police are coming, baby, the word police, the seat belt police, you got it. The J. Walk in Polis. The nose pick in Polis. Virtually on on a decade ago, search engines rapidly become an integral part of daily life. Search engines may attain a massive database that reaches into the most intimate details of your life. What you search for? What you read? Where you stick it? What worries you? What you enjoy? It occurred off-sol. A state attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Which you wanted to end up? Oh yeah. It's critical to protect the privacy of this information. So people feel free to use modern tools to find information. But not the fear of big brother looking over their shoulder. That's right. All your people are reading like really subversive things like Neil Rogers.com. All those bedtime stories of John Spurs. Put on your wife. You can't belight just wake only when Google ain't the most used internet search engine. Thought it's a peanut. A.o. Microsoft and Yahoo also haven't been submitted. Government lawyers filed a briefing to assist with court incentives. They see the force rule to comply. Google's refusal was first reported by the channel as a mercury news. I like the most. I like Google more and more every day. And did that say a Yahoo like poison they should only croak? A.o. And where we know that we hate A.o.o. Microsoft that Google not saying. Under a section of the paper United expanding uses so-called national security letters. Company such as Google's and be asked to ignore a potential useful data. Even about people are suspected of wrongdoing while being far from disclosing those requests. But no previous cases known to have evolved such a wide range of data. They're demand for information overreaches in a call one. Google's associate general counsel. We had a lengthy discussion with them to try to resolve this, but we're not able to. And we intended to resist their motion vigorously. It puts the motion in the cast it was what they had to do with this one. Stick that motion in the cast it. Kill it. It just gets worse and worse. Why are tapping? Eavesdropping if this ain't not he Germany part two baby. And who is the first one talking about this years ago? Before the first election. All that Neil man he really exaggerates. Neil man he's in call and Bush is not seeing these are probably the right. Right. Here man, gearing would blush that big fan asked. By the way, how's Rudolf Hester? He's still son of expensive gas. And thank you again Mr. President for those low gas prices. I forgot. We can forget about that. What a joke. He doing a heck of a job, W. 1272 votes on a pool. And here's the list. Ha ha ha ha. Wow. Take a breath. I'm only reading double digits. I'll tell you maybe maybe the very ass into the show. All right. It was the last 40 minutes. Well, we got to get them all prepped for the weekend. So they figured like, you know, they can analyze this. This is extremely scientific. It may go down to the angles of history. There's more movie pools. What's the best movie of all time? Not one of the 40 best movies like somebody's facts is although that one was good. I mean, one of the most. What's it actually? They can accept it right. Yeah. I mean, when you start out with the mental and don't forget about the Easter eggs. Huh? What? No. Seriously, how many people do you think we know about Easter eggs? Stop. The thing is awfully stupid. You know, it's very childish and idiotic and immature. You know, if somebody's, listen, if I'm going to fork out money for a DVD, why doesn't have to be like an inside secret that I can actually find other other scenes and different things. Anybody else, if I don't, I don't have to do the Easter egg deal. And then you got to like do a search on that. Google, of course, do a search on Easter eggs. And then you find out for the various movies. And then you find out for the whole different. Each one's got a different key to open it up. So you can actually watch a momento in from beginning to end in chronological order as opposed from end to beginning, which is the way to movie shows. And you're still for what it's all about at the end. I know he does. What tells his name guy, Madison? Guy, pierced. Right. Very good. What do you think? Right. Like I'm some kind of an old fart with Alzheimer's, right? Yeah. Hey, listen, if I could remember Marty Perron or the left handed board from Syracuse, New York, do you know how many years ago that show was on TV and Rochester man? I mean, we're on Syracuse, who would have known? Cuse. What's your excuse? I'll see who we talking about the other day. Henry Gibson. See, I remember that for like a whole day. 24 freaking hours, man. My mind is as sharp as a muscle ball. I wrote it down in my head. I'm not going to forget it either. Henry Gibson. Right. And the word association, all I got to do is think about, you think of sermon gifts. So even though you know nothing about baseball, I'll think of sermon gifts in the board. I got my own word association. And we'll think of just King Henry VIII. It looks like a little monkey, which is a given. So I'm thinking of him as a hundred year old. You were given Henry given. It looked like a little monkey. What are you talking about? He's a little guy with a monkey. Like a little fairy. What's the best movie all the time? Just reading double digits. We got Z in movies on here. It's interesting. So don't want to have no votes. Like, well, I don't know. If Dracula still has no votes, I'm leaving. Let me take a look. I just, huh? Zed, no votes. Bye. How is that possible? First of all, it's 100 years old. Todd Browning. Yeah. God love it. Right? It's 100 years old. That'll think most people saw the original. And we're men's Sloan. Well, they've had a, Josh didn't see it. He didn't know what we're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. It's in a black and white. I think a lot. Look, it's very camp. It's great camp. When you watch it now, it's, uh... it's not scary but it's just uh... it's uh... it's mesmerizing and it it's good by the hellsign it's gone stoker's Dracula but it'll be here i beg your pardon the brawn stoker's Dracula was very good i'll take your word for it it's like saying that charlotte comes was over to go with somebody else besides an anigial baffle and aresle bruise i'll got five or two hundred and thirty nine there's nobody close to the godfather maybe they're kicking serious big fat smelly old attack in ass sit citi on you realize that the city in peaches got no cheese on it you do know that i didn't know maybe it's a student asked us but that's a good way to look at the point what do you mean it's got to make a sauce it's got a regno it's got like it rooms and all these things and that's it did not have cheese and i think it's sick it's sick that's why i said it in peaches i mean america it makes a city in style they call but it's got cheese on it's not real citi on i'd like to go to full airmo and asking for that kind of stuff you're happily fast the godfather two thirty i do want to make it to a city in it is this way and kind of wander through the hills of corlioni you know that's right just to say you been there maybe we're running the apalonias daddy there in the uh... tavern see if you can have a orange apalonia uh... the godfather two thirty nine cast a blanket 63 i mean not even close cookers nest forty five godfather part two forty four i'm so glad we separate those that's going eric whoever did star wars forty three i think i did lord of the rain thirty eight and i should have been separated how many are there three three most of the way we make it is one moving really just one i don't want to hear about it not for me jost thirty three jaws how come i'm jaws my ass this is a jaws of life big jaws the jaws of death i'd a certain nine eleven thirty three catty shak thirty two blazing sandals thirty two doctor strange glove thirty two that's the extort of the pirates money python a holy grail twenty five animal house twenty three publician twenty oh boy a populist now nineteen good policy nineteen it's a wonderful life seventeen uh... raspberry break heart eighteen network only fifteen verse said clockwork or and fifteen lords of a rabia fifteen transport fourteen network's got fifteen and train spotting is got fourteen if that doesn't anywhere that brings of this audience is in the toilet to kill a mocking bird versus a lot of room left in there where am i on this uh... kill a mocking bird for thirteen young franken steen twelve i was a hoot airplane twelve the funniest movie ball time the good about the air we twelve friday eleven i'll take youward to the bed and the ugly has twelve right all right what is not about the people out there china time eleven and everybody else a single digit this is a new rush this is mark morgan is the twelve to one hour on cue eight in So, the best years of what we've made in my life, I can't finish this place. Just for all time you'd like me to go away the head of the few days of the bliss we have predicted that you... I've had ends up for you, Greggie Guy. Not users as those old lie-y-y-y. You best is true, Greggie Guy. So stay home, Father, faithful near. I'll hand my tips back you for the card and I throw my hand. I'll hold you my heart, this ain't laid out, I guess. That is if I only have a quarter of this sort of dance, I'll serve a football girl to all this civil-watched opposites of a man. That's it, good. I want those great men to be burned out this way, when he's got kind of down for a day, may he be sick. Oh, God, we saw the door, he said If no! Whoa the door, he said. No, no, no, no, no we got him. Oh my God, oh no?! Oh God, no, no, no, no, no, no... I'd be here to let you support home with McBeth in my debris- Boy, I just raised a chair to my, uh, breath them brown eye, you know what? Is that where? I like you never brown eyes. Yeah. Come on three and five, 60 WM happy Friday to you, man. We got Curtis and Troy two to four in the most spot. You ever have a most spot? It's kind of like a brown age spot. Just this morning. Mad dog at Hooray's in the pot. And let me ask you this. What can brown do for you? Jim Mandage, yeah, the man dog at Hooray's in the pot is four to seven. The beast seven and ten. And I would apologize in advance and then any K-10. And then after that on a weekend, we got some stuff that's man even Hitler would be embarrassed by. Like, lady Mart, so a lot of lady Mart's this weekend. A whole lot. He must work really cheap, you know what? Josh says, he'll be glad to do those shows instead of Lenny. Well, that's right. There's a sport show there for you. You want to be like a sports nerd. If I get that raised, maybe. One. He can nerd it. He's even a little bit too. What's all this clearance dabble about? You know something, if you let him in there again to aggravate me for 35 minutes, I'm just going to get up and go in the other room and take a nap. And if I don't wake up till noon too bad. I mean, that was that was just ridiculous. I have like half an hour and a morning like play play little games with him and maybe they'll help you. He is now clever. You're an idiot, Clarence. Well, you know, I'll ready. I could put an assemble and have room for fat boy left over. You jackass. Not a bad guy, but I mean, he's so under qualified and so over. He's like drowning man. He's like a baseball in the Atlantic Ocean with a with a rig tied around it. Drowning. And where we're going now with a man, can you can you smell it? Can you feel it? Maybe you're going down. It was supposed to be a movie speaking of that. What a segue. Well, it was supposed to be a movie kids could watch, but no parallel wather child is to watch showed up on the screen. This isn't St. Petersburg by the way, and Tani is County man. And adult film featuring two family friendly Florida attractions news partner NBC 6 reported on Friday today. It's matter faculty moments ago. The new movie includes a famous ship in his pirates and it has the kind of action that's raising more than just a few eyebrows along Florida's west coast. The HMS Vounty, the St. Petersburg Landmark served as the set for the Walt Disney Blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean, or the Caribbean, are the ship is a historic replica of the original bounty and was used by the way it's a quicker picker upper. And was used as the centerpiece of the Blockbuster movie Mutant Yonikouder in the early 60s, Bounty. It's also the location that segments of the ex-weighted knockoff pirates were shot. You won't hear the Bounty crew bragging in tourists about the filming of the flick. St. Petersburg Bergmeyer Rick Baker won't discuss it even though the city rented the pier in the adult film production company. It was misrepresented to a said pair of marketing manager Susan Robertson. She's probably kind of like what's in the name Joyce or Pat Robertson or Pat Robertson could be in fact I say let's take them all out for a nice dinner at the Bernstake House. Robertson said the city was tricked and or maybe just drive through with Crystal would be good and just take Crystal and drive right through there. Robertson said the city was tricked and pointed to a letter from the production company that said it was working on a PG-13 presentation. I didn't find out it was a portal flick until last week Robertson said right even though the sex scenes were shot in California. The city got why got wind at the Paris production might be a pornographic presentation months ago. Hear that? I got wind of it they snelt it. In June the city asked the filming company not to use the words the pier city has seen Petersburg and HMS Valdi in the movie which happens to be a blockbuster in the adult entertainment world. Do you ever hear that? Nope. Not yet but I guess we better go out and get that pirates. I wonder who's got the sharpest sword despite the movie's popularity it's a piece of the Valdi's history. Some insane people who were word for further forget. I wouldn't want to be connected to the port of industry with local attraction like this. Whereas in a Peter Morton said let your mom a Peter okay I'm what kind of a name is that anyway. Probably I've talked about his name. That does not go into our family friendly marketing plan and atmosphere Robertson said well for sure somebody would say. Same Peter's record officials and I probably seem to be more vigilant about accepting film deals. See how I dropped the things in for both for chicken egg book and brown. Now they know blah blah was listening online every. I'll drop in like an occasional pishaw or something like that right. I didn't know he was dead. Oh, or a big fan. Yeah there you go. Anyway the director of Paris said the film cost more than a million bucks to create and said the sex scenes were added to the company. So I think it's some more videos. Well there you go. That's wrong with a few sex scenes with Johnny Deff right. He's a swashbuckler. So now let's see. You see you told me did not see the movie the secret window. No I did not. Well am I going to have to send that to you two for her. See I know you're a scam that you got going. I sent you a one or two of them. That's right. And I sent you two more which I haven't even got you hit the catalog. And yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh good because a couple people told me that it was not. So secret window right. I could spoil the ending for you. No don't maybe you want to waste your time. Well somebody facts and I won't waste your facts paper because you're getting some our least sense here. Oh yeah. As we speak but gone with the wind how could we not. Gone with the wind isn't on there. It is now. You must remember this. Oh kids is just gone with the wind my while given him frankly but that's got to be on it. Sure. But what kind of a list is this anyway week. In 12. You know we did it the first time wrong let's do it right this time. And then the bugger we can do it for real. Because you know what they say in Louisiana fool me once in the shame on the rain again. Fool me twice. Shame on my merry land row can't get fooled again. You know that clip there at the end of her night on loan where he's making it. But he yeah speech. And we stopped like in the middle because he's tried to like figure out how it really goes. We got no saying in Texas I'm sure it's in Tennessee too. Fool me once. Shame on. Shame. You can't get fooled again. And but there's a long long delivered pauser and his eyes are like rolling around like a pinball machine. Can't get fooled again. He'll heal. Yeah I mean this man is so dumb and dangerous man is the old W routine. He is dumb and dangerous and some of you people are still defending it all 39% and approval rating from a hill. Oh, well. Well, these are our least kind of how do we get these by turning that clearance was right on top of it. Isn't it? Well, does this mean what are these four? Well, what do this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not going to give you five to seven a.m. This is men 25 or 54. All right sports fans. Oh, right. Again, these numbers again. Top 105 8.9. Top 105 my ass. I OD 66. This is in the what they part 507 in the morning when rocks all that on. I mean him. Roddy on more 6.3 HDJ EDR. What how are we? This is for the whole book. I take it. The fall book. Is this correct? Yes. Q.A.M. is like number 85 with a 2.8. That's or led the big. Oh, I wouldn't put him in there too to fool. Now with a number like that. I mean he's great. INZ271.0.D. hand a 6.6. Yeah, what I'd say the hurricane man. Waxy a 1.6. So he's thanks to man. Don't play with that in a big role or lend those snacks. Maxy between five and seven. That's wax. He's snacks. Maxy. Oh, look at all these numbers coming. Now this is fun. What else we got? Seven and ten a.m. That's the Humphor. The Humphor against Joe Rose. And then at that. W.X.D.J. Imama. No change. You might not see them in. No chance. X.D.J. Get out. And that's no speaking of a some music or whatever. Seven.5. Sure. In midday. Ten. Or that's in morning. Seven to ten. Now we got ten to two on here. Look at that. We didn't make it. We're number three. So we get the very minor spoils. Aren't you depressed? I'm bummed. Boy, I was I hit that all planned out. I was going to like get my roof all fixed up. By two tenths of a point. We're number three behind the CMQ. I've come. There's that. We've got the CMQ. We've got the CMQ. They should only ride. Seven ten to more. And let's see. I would be a 5.2. They're number five behind X.D.J. We have a big radio on more hot audio ethics, man. All the ethics all the time. And right after I would be a CMQ. EDR. We're going to hell is us. Yeah. Waxy 2.5 Q.A.M. 2.5. Dead flat footed tie. Well how come we got two foe on the thing. They're the they must have been rounding. Are they rounding it? Oh that's right. That's six to ten a.m. So Joe Rose and a hump are like. Even. Man. They're facing the way to the wall. That is outstanding. Midday. It's like I said. 10 to two. 7.5. The CMQFM58. We got a 5.6. We're third. We're number three. Dammit. We're disgusted by it. EDR. 5.2. Well at least we got a little something. No anyway. The minor. I have to know. 2 to 4. I would be. 5. Wow. Wow. That's of course a rush in the rush. Junior. How did Mo do in here? INZ 37. That's a skier America that was on the casting. I would be during the hurricane. Where else waxy? Where's waxy? A 2.3 Q.A.M. A 2.0. Oh, Mo. Mo has got to go. Oh, my ass. Woo man. That is really on on the heels. What we had to have five six. And he's got a 2.0. Talk about not keeping a leave in man. Talk about really just blowing chunks. We'll get to the rest of that moment. Early. Well we are not. Then we'll read the whole list of those names on the day. And we'll be listening. And by the time we got to know about a 0.5. 12 13 a Q.A.M. Happy New Year from our friends at Armstrong 4 to home. Said 2005 was a great year. And thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal. They'll be on both their great new forward at Armstrong 4. A lot of people shot there. It's easy. Because Armstrong 4 guarantees you a great price. Great service after the sale and that personal touch that comes from a local family own dealership. Take up the full now and call a general manager David Rich at 305 247 51 12. And don't forget, I haven't told you for a very, very long time. Nobody else dreams about doing this for you. When you buy a new forward at Armstrong 4 to home. Said you also get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's absolutely correct. When you buy Armstrong 4 to get free tires and batteries for life of your car. Could say, $1000 right there. David Rich in a staff will guarantee you won't find a better price. Any place in town and being locally owned and operated. You know, they're going to treat you great. Just like family because they want to make you a lifelong customer. No bait and switch. No plan. Patching around with your keys. Your credit cards. No phony sales. So start off the new year right with a new forward from our good friend David Rich in a staff at Armstrong Ford of home state. And you'll find them at 307 25. South, 60 Highway just 20. East. And it's South of the A36. Check them out away at Armstrong cars. And I can't have the con drive a few miles extra to save thousands at Armstrong Ford of home state. This is New Rogers. This is 5. 16. 2. And number three. David W. I. O. D. O. I. I hate that station. I just feel I need to be. Will he advance? On a hard life's race now. That's absolutely. Will he know? All the pushes by the past. Yes. Will he come back? Will we see the same spot in? Uh-huh. And will he end of a win? Money's in? Yes. And will he? All the time the push in, Jogman. Huh? Will he know? At those 26 teams. Absolutely. Come there three seconds. Pouring it to the drum. Will he make us rock and jayin' for life? Should we lie to leave so baby? Oh my God. Let borrow say good thing. Wish we stand by him forever. Let's win. we se he still be going to be what he's going to be like opening your mail read your emails, sticking her nose deep into your window, everything else in your bedroom and in your earlobe. And what are we worried about? Some jackass that disappeared on his honeymoon on a cruise ship and some chicken rubin' got chopped up and seafood, shark food. You know, these ourlies are very moving into a something, you know what? What do you mean? Did you see them? No, I didn't. And I'll tell you one thing, you talked about a bogus monkey, the December just tossed it. Like we're supposed to believe they're like, let's say, men 25, 54 for all week. And from November to December, I guess the forces of dolphins came in Wayne. That's how we're supposed to believe that the ticket, a 0.7 November, and a 34 in December. They never had a 34 in their lives. That a two-four-not-tobber, which even that was a marginal. Men 25, 54, they went from a .7 to a 3.4. Does anybody believe that? No, of course, when it's only like 18 diaries come back and 15 of them are like an ethnic. And the others we are like trailer trash who are listening to across the street as opposed to the kiss. And I got news for a Joe Belly to ask me about that, I'm sure either. They sure needed the kiss and they didn't give it. They never needed the kiss and didn't give it. Anyway, here's the hourlies. This one. Okay. Five to six A.M. And I don't have the hourlies for Waxy, though. That would have been kind of interesting. Josh, let me tell you. Sorry, Josh. That was a real shot, I can bring you to him. I don't have the hourlies for them, but I'm sure they'll be coming over any second. This is pretty interesting craft now, finally. Now that we have a real program director, when currently. Q a.M. five to six in a morning in men 25, 54. Target demographic. I want you to write these down on your arm, just like in my mental. Okay. Who's Lenny? Lenny, is that his name? Lenny? Right. And the other guy's name was. Oh, damn. Did he even ever remember that either? Jack or, no, I think it was Henry Gibson. No, you know the guy that he would... Was that Lenny? No, his name was Lenny. Right. That's what I thought. Guy Pierce. Who's the other guy? That was Joe. Man, this is a man. Just relax. Timmy. Johnny. You know what you're doing? No, just Google my mental, and you can look up the characters. Five to six. I'm the big old is out of three point two. Rock solid, don't not bad. And six to seven. I'm a two six. Of course, what's the other again? Who'd they go? Oh, we got to get the waxy hourly, is you know what? Come on now. Let's go, Clarence. Let's get the waxy hour by hour. I'm shocked that we got the bad news today. And this is just a score. Are we kidding? So instead of sneaking in number two, we want to number three. Teddy. Teddy. That's a very good Teddy. Was Teddy bear? So there's a Orlando's numbers. I was seven o'clock from a two six to the homper graphs to a two two. Which he looked loving. And one of those Hawaiian skirts. But a two two. I don't think so. Not for a much worse force guy like the homper. A two two. Oh my goodness. Eight tonight. A man's strongest hour. And of course, this is thanks to our. So terrorists is usual. You're for crap. A two nine. Still very weak. Nine to ten a.m. Drop him back down. Once I relieve back to a two four. What's our. I'm like a three to nine. Josh. Yes, I'm like that. What do you mean something like that? You're not glued to the hour windbag show. Pretty early. Thirdly. I told you. I told you man. Don't mess with that. He's a. A quicky kind of basketball guy. Nine to ten a two four three. Oh, then a ten a clock. We got a five two. And eleven a clock. We got a six three. Twelve a clock four nine. And then one a clock back up to a six one. I'll tell you one thing. Those four hours right there enough for us to get the whole bonus on. You know what I'm saying? Get date. Yeah. At least number two bonus. Sneak us up or couple of matches there. Two tens of a point. Right. Two to three a clock. Oh. Oh. Oh. Huh. We got a six point one share in men from one to two a clock. Our fourth hour every day in the one to two hour. Okay. That's against rush and against. Scaramare. Now Frank. And over again. Now Frank. Come on. Twenty minutes. Very popular. Shall. We go from a six one at one at two a clock. That mole myster had a two three at a zester. Absolutely. And a three or clock. This number is more like across the street kind of number. A one point six. Oh my god. How do you like that? Oh, do do do do do do do do do do. Holy moly. Man see when the alien 18's hair audience. That's what's happening even there. Listen, they won't put you down. That's a hard thing. I mean we tried. We extended the hand. Friendship. We extended the earlier oliva. All of a sudden. Wouldn't have bite. Nothing. Nothing. I was all at the stolen pizza. Oh. Then at the four clock. Mad dog was from a one six bouncing way up there to a five one. Aren't you impressed by that? All the time. And then at five or five or four four. So that one six. Oh, that's what made the labastered and mad dog thing a lot closer than it would ought to be because that. You think that he killed us in the 10 to three thing the three to seven hours. It just decimated three to seven segment. And here you were. Blame in the sticks. What? And here you were. Blame in the sticks. Look. Come on. Again. Look at radio a swivey. Okay. You're so damn defensive. I think it's those in froze. Maybe that's what this book was all about. You can't see that. They're doing some serious assistance. Start eating a lot of carrots. It's good for your vision. Yeah, but it's just get over. Start taking some vitamin A. We do let me finish this without all your damn. No. No, no, crap. Go eat some fried beans. Go eat some mushy crack. Sorry. Rather who are clock five point one. Five or clock four four six or clock and of course he's not on that much. And since we got the pre game and opposed to him we got that panther dropings. Oh, three six. Speaking of the panthers by the way. Because that's primarily what we got on a night when they're playing nice job. Goli seven or clock a one point four eight o'clock. One point three nine o'clock. One point eight eight he came. Come on. As soon as up to a three one five seven. I'd love to clock. I'm going any good. Enjoy. Boy, mid nine. We got a three seven and one. Clock number three six. So we are absolutely rock solid except for a few hours. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Neon and mad dog. Maybe an arrested it. We need a little help. You know. Now if we had Hank on where he belongs between like you know. And you have to know. And Greg is running around giving you a seminar on the book and arbitrage. You're broken baby. We had it made an asshadi. Even a mole monster wasn't hurting us too bad five eight in the morning. Then we had Joe Rose eight to ten. And we had mad dog two to four and a half or four to seven. We were a kick and big. That was a year ago was that last spring. You just screaming for. I don't know. I was like, how'd you scream before, right? Okay. You say so. You know this this has been a whole year this now. This is a deal. The hopper in the morning. Hopper in the morning and have a big smile all day. But you see what I'm saying. So almost two years ago the spring we had that whole line of comb. We were we on the market baby. We owned it. Not that this book really means all that much because like I said, it's hurricane. Crap and are like about 16 diaries at Custon. That and we shouldn't pay for it. But nevertheless, that's what we got to live with. And we miss out on that number two bonus. Of course George is whole life. That's the fancy before it. I mean, it's going to cost you $1,000. That was deeper than that. And George court is there. Forget about that. And couldn't be able to buy you that nice new TV now that he was going to buy for George. I was holding my breath anyway. Oh. It's supposed to be the other way around. Oh, like I said, well, you know something if George went to lost those $80,000 if I missed it on number two by just two tens of a point. That is really. And that's shaky. I had that TV. That is so shaken. Baky. Twenty seven member doctor, Dr. Michael Baky. He was all heart. Who? I mean, co-haired. Just from this whole experience. Twenty seven pass no to QA. I'll tell you one thing. You've got to be in co-haired to buy your shoes any place beside Brandy's and Tom and Obeach because they've got an unbeatable combination to take good care of your feet and to make you look like a men's too. Even you ladies. Can you lady be a men? I don't know. We don't have any listing anyway. For a comfort fit and value you buy your shoes at Brandy's shoes and believe me. It's absolutely positively. Unbeatable all the way around. They got all the top brands. Rockport, floor shine, echo, maficio, essayist, new balance. They got sales holes, professional shoe fitters who will make damn sure you get a perfect fit and unbeatable price every time. Including Arnie. As for Arnie, they'll make sure you get exactly what you be looking for on the shoes too. And Brandy's even specializes in wide widths as well. So Brandy's is well worth your trip from just about any place in South Florida. For comfort, style, fit, value, and selection always make Brandy's shoes in your final mid 12-90, or federal highland pump at a beach. Still going as strong as ever. Brandy's is open daily till nine every Sunday till five and this is the week to shop Brandy's shoes for great venues on Rockport and floor shine. They $10,000 off, especially Mark Rockport and floor shine shoes this week. Only this week and only a Brandy's shoes in Pompeo Beach. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. Oh, our lawns are so big and now. Speaking for God, the Almighty Pad Roms. Arnold Schwarzenegger crashed his motorcycle the other day because God is tired of all of those dead jitter. Home of sexuals in the state of California. God has been furious. Ever since Arnold broke his way to power. So our Lord simply waged his almighty hand and sent him to broke that governor and his son. The liberal wild that bore him straight back to the gutter to wits the tank. I truly believe that God will forgive Arnold's steering. Tainted soul the moment the governor hit from this the bland, the Lord at high device. Just smoke every last home of sexual through a combination of violence, assassinations and significant tax deductible donations. God. This has been speaking for God. The Almighty Pad Roms. Hey, let's take a mouthful. You know what you got it to be for you. We'll now turn to leave that building since I'm assuming he's the one of Broffey's numbers to. That is correct. Before you will have an even fact I'd stand in front of his office door there with an oozy and don't let him cross the threshold of the door. This is all very interesting but he didn't give me the waxy hourlies and he didn't give me the monthly QAM numbers. He so obsessed with the other sports nerd station. You know what I mean? We'll work on that. No, no, I don't want to work on it. I want it now. I want the QAM monthly now and I want the hourlies from my wife. You know, so we can compare. You know what I'm saying put him aside by each. All right. I think they're going to be embarrassed because I think in December they probably kicked our ass of least as sports segments kicked our ass. And if I'm over there selling you why I say I can make the case for right now. And the reason I'm doing this is to kind of put our people on their toes a little bit. Cause no vembers where they throw off the earth. They can say he would be growing on October and then November we throw off the math they basically barely it was like they were off the air. We're starting November when Harry came. Remember? Right. So in November like in midday they had a point three and then the seven they went to a three five. In November they had in two to four point five and over at December two six. See what I'm saying? What do you say? In April to seven in November at one point. Oh almost off the end of four nine in December. That's why we don't have the QAM hourlies in the monthlies because it would be too embarrassing. Come on, Clarence, let's go. Let's see it right now. Let's see the bad news. See he didn't have any problem. Give me the ten to two number. I know to make sure we knew we were not number two. Number three we lost thousands and thousands and stuff. Probably enough might have built a new house. But no. Do I have the stuff that I need? The hourly's from WAC. You don't want to get that to me. Okay. Because it's two and. Huh? You don't have the that monthly trendy thing. Not for us. Only for WAC. Because that same. Sports of section. Sports of the same page. Have you been given a pardon? It's on the same page. It is not on the same page. Like I said, is he doing a job or what? Okay. Well, let's see. What would he got? It's just the same to midnight. Well, I tell you they beat us. They cleaned our clock. Because we didn't take that big of a hit in November. We had dropped off a little bit November. But because we did such a fabulous job. Keeping people abreast of the hurricane stuff going on. Let's see. They had a 0.7 November. We had a 25. But in December we had a 32. They had a 34 overall. Then 25. 54. That's not that nice going. Joel, fine. But you idiot. You lose your. You're still idiot. In five to seven. And look at that. In November they had a 0.4. Then December a 33. And we had a 2.4 to a 33. 33. D.4 and the big. Oh, deadlock. Rock solid. They are even Steven. Baby knows to know is asked to ask with Jennifer Conley. They only wish. Let's see. What else we got? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is there something you can't refuse? It's the mirror, it's just one or two. Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is there something you can't refuse about it? Or are the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or are the rest of people? Or are the rest of them? Or is the rest of them? Or would they give you charitable information? Or could they give you whatever? Or are the rest of them? Or would they give you whatever? Or would they give you whatever? Or would they give you whatever? Or would they give you whatever? I would. it and remain ce paperflow to I thought everything was gonna have had a stand. It was fine. It was, but I guess not. Anyway, they're on their way in case you didn't know. Oh, we're on a line. Who's this from Clarence? Yeah, he figured it out. He said. I told you to figure it out. Get your finger out of there, Clarence. Listen, before he goes out of the room, sniff his finger and see where it's been. Okay, here's, here's what we got. And I realize you ought to<|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|>, we do. I mean, if she was us for living, but it's just, this is our living. This is the life we have chosen man. And quite frankly, we're pretty sorry about it. And it's very bogus book. And again, if it was great, we'd say man. These people are trying to really know they're crap. But in this case, but they're always way off. You'd want to give us a big kiss, you know, once in a while. That kiss like on a lips like Fred O'R, got from Michael. Kiss him. Let's see. Five to six. I'm Washi. They got a point nine in Orlando. The big, oh, three two. See, I tell you, he's great. I stick him on there two to four along with Curtis. I'm just joking. Uh, and those holios, man. They like him. Two six. That's six. I don't want to go down the whole day, do I? But anyway, he beats him two six to one nine. Then Hank comes on and gets a two two and Joe Rose has a two six. Then, then, then, then, then, eight o'clock. And to a flat even tie, thanks to Hank and Ira, two nine a piece. Thank God for Ira. Then at nine o'clock, Hank pummels him two four to one eight. Is that a pummel? And we got a five two. They got a two two a ten. We got a six three. They got a two seven. We got a four nine. They got a two seven. We got a six one. They got a one six. Wait a minute, man. Right hour. Whatever it is. I don't know. I'm sorry. I want to clock. We got a point seven. What's the point? Man. Pretty weak. Uh, and then what about two to four? Oh, no. Two o'clock. Mo had a two three. They got a one eight. But a three o'clock. Mo had a one six. They got a two eight. That's Danny LaBastard boy. I'm telling you, your people sure love that Danny LaBastard. Man. Then man dog five one. They got a three. Four four to three three three six. Yeah. We got a boogas until four, uh, Mr. Boogas on before. Yeah. Oh, like I said, I think that's what I'm doing. Yeah. Kick Mo's ass in a second hour. I'm the first hour though. I always go have a little slap over for my son and by three o'clock. They're going to hand no mole. They can handle it. And then after that, it's a caca. Any kato kick stance once we get those panther games off here. So thanks very much for our so I was the only other hand. Thanks to the hurricanes. I mean the, they are football team. Look at their numbers, man. Thanks to women. See, and when we were in 1992, we were at IOD during Hurricane Andrew. And I think we had even bigger numbers because then back and that they were, say, had a news department. That is correct. And the keeping might also I and Z got a goose even though see again, parents still thinks in terms of waxy waxy waxy. But when we're to care about waxy on a show. Screw waxy, screw your old fiber. Screw all of those are going over there. Okay. Who cares? Except your rose. We like him a lot. And boogas are okay to win a baseball games, but sucks as a tacos. Rock and roll talk everybody at Rock and Rolls 4 stock. Anyway. IOD. Look at these numbers all through the day. We're 7663 504 363 6369 775 and one o'clock. They got a 9. Oh, man. 9475 all these huge big smelly numbers they got. Why? Look at that midnight. They got a 12.0 share at midnight. Why? And what a clock at a morning. We got a 21.3 share and man. What a clock at a morning 21.3. Well. That's like to go to snooze days. It like going back to that. Except some of these people might be out of these 100. Holy moly, right man. So there you go. There's a whole bunch of numbers anyway. Make any sense out of them. But it killed some fabulous time. How is it for you? Oh, it was a medium. Alright, let's get back to the show. Show it. Let's get back to the main show. To play a sound or something. Oh, no. You're going to blow them up. Most college students cannot handle many complex but common tasks from understanding credit card offers to comparing the cost for ounce of food. In other words, they're dumb. Those have a sub-reindings of a study on literacy of college campuses. The first to target the skills of students as they approached the start of their careers. They are done with in dirt, man. What was it? What would see a change? It's supposed to be stronger than dirt. Is that tied? Cheer? Oh, rather than dirt. Old ad campaign. Don't remember it. More than what about Winston? Why is that a nice good? I remember the green. Just a double-do. Yeah, that's good. Real cream. A little double-do. More than 50% of students at four year schools and more than 75% of two year colleges lack the skills to perform complex literacy tasks. They are ill, literate, and ill prepared for life. I'm getting ill just thinking about it. How am I going to heal it? I'll be going. Is there anything in that thing that you can't do? I'm going to go. No. There's not. No, this is good. It's green. Oh, you said like this. Okay. Anyway, getting back to the setting that ties right in. That means these are college students. They could not interpret a table about exercise and blood pressure. Understand the arguments of newspaper editorials, compare credit card offers with different interest rates in annual fees, or summarize results of a survey about parental involvement in school. All of these things. The results cut across three types of literacy, analyzing news stories and other pros, understanding documents and having math skills needed for checkbooks or restaurant tips. Oh, well, what kind of a typically? It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. Wow. Wow. Oh, why is it very sad? It's a dummy of America. What kind of book that was going to write? There's a book I want to write about. I'm going to book about Greg Reed and how we destroyed two elements. Take notes. There you go. All those numbers were kind of like, I don't know, like a fly opener. I remember what to make of them. Of them. Of course, the whole book. Not a lot. I'm not saying it's very right. Yeah. The events. All I will say is, did we on this show? We are. I think that that bovisa November. And then we already give the disclaimer about November. Nobody had any power. And then we did a diaries of this eminent. No meal. Huh? No nothing. In fact, quite frankly, as Del Frank would say, it wasn't really all that much of a disaster compared to what like cross the street. They might as well shut that thing down altogether. And we went all the day, nobody heard we came. Huh? What kind of useful information would they give? None. And we worked hard. We worked in. We worked in. It was sweat. It was a threat. It's a pass along useful information. Where you're going to get your ice. Where you're going to get your food. Where you're going to get your gas. Where you're going to get lead. Where you got all these things, right? Right. Where there's Carl Rob, like I said, where you got to get screwed. Okay, here's what we got. What's the best movie of all time? We got 1396. I guarantee our goals, 1400 for the during the show. And this is the full for the whole weekend. So by the time we get our ice in our money morning, if they let us come back, we're going to have like a, if we don't have 2,000 votes on there by the time this poll finishes, I'm going to be just crestfallen. Remember that show falcon crestfallen? No. Your buddy was in there. Lorenza Lama's baby. Yeah. What you say, once upon a time in America, he sure looked good. Good God. Man. So he isn't in here. Yeah. Anybody care about that? Can't that? No. Not me. That's movie of all time. The godfather was the movie that he was in with a snakes. Lorenza Lama. Snake handler. Was that it? I don't know. For a guy that doesn't like him, you sure know his filmography pretty good. They're all in all the time. The godfather 265. Everybody, nobody close to the godfather. The godfather 265. Star Wars 50. And one of the ones double digits. Godfather part 2. 48. Cook was in his 47. Lord of the Rings. All of these things. 40. Draws 36. Come on. Can't he check 35? Fahrenheit 9. 11. 35. I always think of those in the same category. Very simple. Lacing saddle 34. Dr. Strange lover. How are you? Learn to a step away. Level in a bomba. 33. Love the bombas. Is that the richy violence story? Yeah. I heard it was the bomba. Animal house 26. Mighty Python. Holy grail 25. Apocalypse now 22. Apocalypse then. Good fellows 22. Propician 21. It's a wonderful life. Jimmy Stewart. A. Crap 18. Braveheart 16. That's Mel Gibson. Oh. Clockwork 4 and 16. Network still only 15. Josh's right. That will be blows. Lawrence of Arabia 14. Airplane 14. One. Lawrence of Arabia 14. Airplane 14. Why isn't that much higher? Because they don't have no sense of humor. My god. That movie should be like right up there. Just I would say near the god of it ought to be. They're having a sale of pennies. To kill a mockingbird 13. Young Frankenstein 12. The good about in the ugly 12. Citizen 10 12. The existence of 11. Friday 11. Usual suspects 11. China town 11. And Bush casting in the Sundance kid. Let's have. Those are the double digit ones. Got it. Well, I thought it one thing. We said it work. I did. Said a record today. Never had so many numbers on issue on one day. And Chris Rawl looking for good numbers. I am 14. I bet 14 after one at five 60 W to Q. I am if you want to see the most amazing firework stunt show ever. Then make your plans not to go to Pompano Park next Saturday. We from our January 28 to see the unbelievable show called Hock to try. Australian trainer and driver of in-cell vester one is amazing horse hand me silver. Race around the dark track shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of fire from the back of the race bike. Even that you never shut out that much from your back. Side. So best we will drive the horse while standing on the shaft of his race by holding the reins in his teeth. And 15,000 canl power marine fliers in his hands. Then there will be a spectacular infield display after the show. You have to see this Hock to try to show to believe it. And again, it's a week from tomorrow. And next Saturday January 28 at Pompano Park 9 p.m. Pompano Park features free admission and free general park and free you every day. We got the thoughts coming soon too, baby. Five hardest racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, poker gets into a way of noon. Like today it's going on right now. They're plunging their guts out. And live racing gets underway nightly at 725 p.m. including tonight and tomorrow. And don't forget every Monday night. There's 2 for 25 dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday is dollar night for breakfast. We are sold a half dogs and more. And every day seven days a week, the best in simultaneous. And fall across north America even from woodbind. Fair. Top of no park, a block south of Atlantic. Votabart on power line road for the new race schedule. 9, 5, 4, 9, 7, 2, 2, 1. We're on the wicked web. Pomp and O park dot com. This is New Roger. This is 5168. We're on the way back. We're on the way back. One, two, throw the cactus from our salad chair. And you've got the watch. One, two, three new federal rules. You'll find death. You'll find death. No words to leave. I'm on the way. You'll find death. You'll find death. You'll find death. All we are is before the winner. Nope. Please stay with us tomorrow. Be strong. We're on our way now. Come on. You're gonna crash the ag substitute. We're not waiting for the power this silly day. We're primarily trying to make buildings. But at that time, we m his vehicle. Now, this emb Rosie driver's license. Ta Sony. To the fire. To the fire that I made. Every car is full Some of the110 ones and wa upon keeping ajan up as it was. Especially if you think I've had no temperate disaster to the hurry. But Mad Dog did find. We did a very fine and and the big old didn't do a too bad. Now let's see. Five six to have an O five, sixty pound, five, sixty in the Verizon, singular. Oh and by just got a facts from inside the building. You know the name of Greg's new consultant solving firm? I give up. Pumpy company consultants. All right. He'll break any day part you two little pieces then you figure out how to put it back together again. He's got a lot of practices doing that. Nice gone Greg you idiot. You silly person. Let's put stern on again. What do you say? In fact, I've had a well for a very minimal price. I think if they paid a bill, I don't know if they're not paid the direct TV to them. But if they paid the bill on the assurious thing, we could take one of those receivers and just hold it up to the microphone. I have a good idea. And we'll sign up to ask how in the morning. What do you say? Look at it. How does it come after 15 bucks a month for assurious? What do you think? I think it's a good tough again out of sales. Or at least in the morning before he goes out and starts to push the tie on and he can get back to 20 dump buttons again. Attention men. Now what was that thing about? I don't know where to hold a find it. That's sound he was making on the you know I'm talking about. Yeah, when he was when he was bleepin. Oh, what the hell was that thing called? That was sensational. I know I don't know. Well, we can't find it. No idea. I can't never can't find it. Sorry. Don't go the whole day without playing that Dan rather bit. Oh yeah. That's that's the good one. It's important. It's coming up. I'm sorry. He's never found it. He's just running my head. Just relax. Just come down for the right price. So we can have whatever you want. I don't see any calls on there. Do I think I drove away with all his numbers? Oh boy, here's our phone numbers. If anybody left? Oh, drove away with all his boring numbers. Why? See, I did some we had them. They don't care about that. But you know something I think it gives him a little inside. They like the inside edge. You know, make something they know something. Oh, do you hear that? Uh, Mo had like, yeah, stuff like that. Even I am shocked. Even I, it'll go like me is shocked at the the the the depths that he pumps who you know I'm saying. This was amazing. What? Ready for that? No, that was shocking. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, these are my last thing for an end. What I'm going to do is I'll read the whole list of the movies. That will be too fun. What do you think? I like it. And pound five, six in the Verizon, sing it a while. I'll sign in of course. When we get to a situation, a juncture like this, you know, that whatever we do get on there, you know exactly what it's going to be. Right? Do we already know ahead of time? Got a pretty good idea. Do you want to Q a M? Hello? Some names on sentence of the lands on you this? What is it? Sounds like not going to forget that. Excellent. Yeah, all right. Thank you. Put the motion in the basket. There you go. How stupid can we be for quite a lot? Every time you turn around we're playing one of those. It puts the motion in the basket. Right. Right, there you go. What's the very least? What the f***ing motion in the basket? I think I was going to believe in that. I like that. Right? Right. Sounds of lands. How could we forget that? Well, there's like only 80 trillion movies we can have been. If I wouldn't have been rather than one of stupid numbers, we probably have most of my Nepal. But then that would be no fun because we couldn't do it again. Next week. WM? Hello? Q a M? Neo? Yes, man. A lady? I'm not going to stay. Wrong number. Yes. Doesn't it get akin to subject real quick? I know that I've been following you throughout the year and you've been sending the actions and stuff. I don't know. Now this is top beat and all that. Which one do you prefer the best? We just wanted to have to prefer the best. I can't do balance for life. There's a map there so I can't get the sack. We don't have it here. Atkins? Atkins makes the most unsaid. Yes. Especially if we dive into it. Right. Well, I'm not. I've been reading up on all the different ones and they kind of, you know, tell you, most of it. But then I can't keep it. He's getting the fat. Right. But I would just help me to at least you can introduce some of the self-beast I resist a promotion for all of you guys. Friends with restaurants and self-beach have you got the book? I got the book in the other room. I never, I never saw such a heavy duty promotional, even can you lay camp, believe it? Even Jack Abraham office shocked by it. But, and then you just said that you have such a big listening audience. I had one more time. Yeah. When I did the actions 10 years ago, in 15 years ago, and it was real popular. I broke that into some stuff that was once I got into the closest. Yeah. That was one of those anyone else out there don't forget about the key to assisting. Don't take into that degree. That's a problem. No, don't do that. Don't do that. Do it by osmosis, not key to osis. I'm not. Well, I'm busy. You know. You're not sweet. I don't know. It's how fat I'm. I'm trying. I'm trying over here. Yeah. So, I guess it's a consistent, see that matter. There you go. Just stick with it. Or we're all we're good stuck. Good luck. All right, bye. Look at that. The Dow is down 148 points. Holy moly rat man is anybody care. Oh, don't be mine. That's stuff. Woohoo, who don't touch it. Tell me, qa m hello. Hello? Yes, sir. By the way, the beast is lost six pounds of balance for life. He was weighs four 80. Yes, sir. Hey. Yeah. Come on, are you? And it sounds just like you or your identical twin brother? Yes. Yeah, I just want to see you. Oh, yeah. Hey, Dean, you're okay. Did you know that? No, I do know. Is that James Dean? Well, we knew that. Jimmy Dean cracked up at nice sports car. And what was it? Was it a better approach? Oh, no. Who the hell knows? He was, you talk about must it do a lot of nice type. Are you not eating a get our you? I mean, he's still. Jesus Christ, I might you know, wondered if there's like a period of time, I'm like you sound like you've blacked out there. Maybe that's when I was reading those numbers a munchkin for earlier. Yeah, that's what I heard. You and me know the pizza from Tony. I don't know, I don't start a miracle on American Idol. The munchkins. And you know what the deal is with this pizza? Yeah. It's all for me. Oh, god, I'm actually all the free pizza we'll have now. They won't get the verbalized. It's real rubbish. This is 5 16 two days. God. This is Dan Radit, former CBS eating news anchor man and now a punchline. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. First Bob Sheeper, nice enough man, but please he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use robins. Another name that has been banning about is John Roberts who currently occurs the Sunday CBS evening news. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long plus he's Canadian. And everyone knows when the camera like goes red, it can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Pellie from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Brooks. I think plus he's skinny, urban Kelly Riffle and everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime. The front runner just succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katy Kirk. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of JLo's butchiques. Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together and she wreaks of gene to take. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian skinny or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan rather signing off and reminding you a whistler is to blow a gong is to bang and Katy Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan rather. Well there you go you happy now good. We are. Got some big news for you. Okay not that you do want to even care about this. A lot of our people will care. People are there will care because it's about Cuba. Cuba. In the yellow care big time. In fact he's probably going to do cartwheels. When you leave today he'll be doing cartwheels in a hallway. Him and the thing out there to disc. You know the thing? What thing is that? Cuba will be allowed to play in a world baseball classic after all. All right. The Bush administration issued license to the yellow and the Cubans to participate in the 16-team tournament. See here if you want to get on a plane to go to Cuba and what you do you go to the airport. Get on a plane and there we go. I don't know. You promise? No. You fly to work to Cuba. You want to have a Cuban cigar. You know where you go? The drug store? There you go. The cigar store, drug store, hundreds of places and you buy them. And you smoke them smoke them if you got them. Baseballs first application was an admin December by the Treasury Department's orifice of foreign assets control. But the commissioners orifice in the Paris Association we applied after Cuba said it would donate any profits that received to victims of hurricane Katrina. The president wanted to see a result in a positive way. Scott McFellan said one of the great liars of all time. Our concerns were said it I'm making sure that no money was going to go to the Castro regime and that the war baseball classic would not be misused by the regime for spying. We believe the concerns have been addressed. Now we just got to put a stamp on it for 39 cents by the way. U.S. Laws aimed at punishing the Del Castro's comment. The government prohibits certain commercial transactions with Cuba generally attempting to deny money. Working closely with the World Baseball classic Inc and the State Department, we were able to reach a licensed of old agreement that upholds both the legal scope and the spirit of the sanctions Treasury spoke from a molly Miller-wise said. If we would ensure that no funding will make its way to the hands of the Castro regime, the Treasury has pleased to not be able to issue this license that looks forward to seeing all the team showcase their talents on the international stage. Initial reaction to Friday's decision on Cuban fans was positive. All right, you're saying. All my news and tremendous explained as Valo Herrera who was standing on a street corner in Havana with the other sport level discussing Cuban baseball. The tournament the first in which the World's top players will participate on national teams runs from March 3rd to the 20th. And a part-trade in poetry. Any interest? No. There are Cubas in group B by the way with Panama, Puerto Rico, the Netherlands. All my god, you imagine what they're going to be smoking. Holy moly. And... You're watching and post-truck down one of its blogs yesterday after the news papers, Ambedsman raised the hour of readers by writing that lobbyist Jack Abrahawk gave money to the Democrats as well as to the Republicans. At the center of a congressional bribery investigation, Abrahawk gave money to Republicans while he had his plans donate to both parties, though mostly to Republicans, mostly to Republicans. In her Sunday column, Ambedsman Deborah Howell wrote that Abrahawk had made substantial campaign contributions to both major parties, prompting a wave of nasty meter posting on post.blog. See, Lancet has got to write idea, put your blog on there but do not take any like input output just, just say your thing. See what I'm saying? Right. Right. So I take into calls on a talk show. Right. Who would do that? There were so many personal attacks that the newspapers didn't keep the board clean. There were some pretty filthy stuff. And so the post shutdown comments on the blog or weblog said you're in Brady Executive Director, Washington Post.com. We're not giving up the concept of having a healthy public pubic dialogue with our readers, but this experience shows that we need to think more carefully about how we be doing it Brady wrote on the newspapers website. Remember on our website when we had that chat. Yeah. All of it. There are things that we said we would not allow including personal attacks that we used to prevent and hate speech. Let's keep you safe. Well, guess what? Surprise. That's what happens when you open up for the masses out there. Just look at any chat room on the internet. Wait a minute. What do we say? Sex chat room. Wait a minute. What happened to hell it is? I mean whether it's a sex. Well, like I said, whether it's a audience or anything or something else. I don't know if it's a sex chat. Oh, whatever else it might be. I can't think of anything at the moment. Anyway, let's take one quick peek. Because this pool is impossible to like manage you know what I mean? Really, thank God. He called in about Simon S. Lambs. Will that have been bursting? Yeah. What if 1437 most were our aimers for how many? What I say? 33,000. Get out of here. Crazy. Yeah. Our goal is for 1500 by Monday morning. There's like somebody used to say our goal is 300,000 for our charity. I don't want to mention no answer. Oh, yeah. That was really, really hoot and holler. That's what we, well, I mean the Greg Reads to write a book about that. Like that night that we went on the early December 30th eight years ago that day that morning, whatever it held was. And then I'd be for it. There was four, what's his name? George Corso. Working as skinny a little last time trying to paste together a bunch of paste and whatever the hell they were pieces of equipment that came in cartons all this assembled from Philadelphia from some other bees Lee station. And here's Greg and his family hopping on a plane and high table enough to Chicago. When the going gets stuff, Greg Reads gets going. Make no mistake about it. Although I like that Humpty Dumpty consultants. I think it's got a good ring to it. Right? Yeah. I know they're going to be a good one. Picture problems piecemeal. Tell me QAM hello. WQAM hello. QAM that was your fine word by the way. Who are you kidding? You'll just wait till January, man. You're going to fall off the face of the earth. QAM hello. Hello. Can I speak to you? Speaking. Speaking. Yes sir. It's not on there with Frank Sinatra. That was the movie that the horses had. Is it on there? Okay, he's he's there. Have a little trouble. Is it on there? No, I don't think so. Is it? I don't think so. We haven't mentioned it. From here over here to eternity over there. I don't think I don't think so. I was the movie with Bert Line Caster. Frank Sinatra that was the role that supposedly Martin of God and they were said movie in the godfather. Or does board 9? Yeah. 56, 54. William Holder was in that too. I think he was still holding it. Did you look it up? No, we're just putting it on there. Oh, I see. When he said on his board 9, it's going to be a good one. Do you actually see your hand with your hand? Wow. And like I said, there was Tommy Dorsey was the band leader that you know, I ain't no band leader. I heard that story. That was the band leader and they made him an offer. He couldn't refuse. And then Sinatra this movie. He got the they want no part of him for that role. And that's what reservations and territory from her to eternity. Frank Sinatra. Dad and then yeah. Mr. Malfiocie. There's a guy that he's singing or what? No. Oh, you know, be really sad to go to the entire day without taking one of Josh's favorites. W2A I'm not lying. Hello. Hey Neil. It's Ken from the public home. I'm a student of the public home. I was in some of you. I think he's one of our South Florida cranks. Dan, how's it going, eh? At the OK I'm down the case thing in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, how's it, yeah? So, I get the sunny in 52 in Toronto, Nae. Yeah, I'd like to weather forecast. I'll be following them. And I talk about the wireless hotspots in Fort Lauderdale. The wireless hotspots. Yeah, I brought my computer down. You like to get on your thing. Yeah, you're playing. And the all-long loss solace is all preying. Just turn on your computer, sitting your car in the park and you can not get on. Wow, about that. Anyway. Probably I saw you're going to find a do anyway there. So it's good idea. Yeah, I just got off the water taxi, sitting in the new river now. Excellent. Well, anyway, I could piece of the van news for you, Ken. When you come in back. I voted liberal before I left. No, one good luck to you because I just looked at the star during his last break. Must be psychic in the conservators or 10 points ahead. These people are going to be in for a sorry time. So the conservators going to win a sweeping victory on Monday and then number two, the least suck, but other than that, have a great trip. See, OK, I like that. He knows both of those things. Yeah, they like, I don't understand why the liberals here aren't running or campaigns saying if you like George W. Bush, you'll love Stephen Harbour. But then again, there's stupid and I got Paul Martin who's like a real prune face, you know, a prune face, old the Dota bird. And they're going to like all the reactionary repressor things that go in on here. I mean, if Americans can lose all their freedoms, why are Canadians? Yeah, it's very loves company. Oh, the Mandershot Pope Paul, the John Tooth is back in custody five days after his release. What's that? We were in the month out. Well, that's just the, that's just the, the old film of him shooting the Pope. Well, that's because he already, you know, this guy that they let out. He already killed some other guy. This guy's a slime ball. Yeah. Turkey should peel scored ordered an uncado. Well, I just got whatever they would just have a more time good. He has a low life slime ball. That's what the Holy Father said. Then the Holy Father went over there and they counsel, I wonder what they were doing in there. And I was behind those clothes. You know, a condensing conferring. Because the Pope came out with a big smile on his face. He's a new Roger. Welcome. This is five, 16, 16, 18. Are you thirsty? What? Mr. Lector. Say me a piece. I'm disappointed. You passed on queries. Still eating people right after you kill them. Not even me, make me under a tiny grunt. The lector. Finger again. He plays a people tasteless like chicken. If you say it, a bonus drink. That a runner you are dead made. Mr. Lector. I've got to ask. How do you eat things through that funky mess? The smell is a scour. You can't move your jaw. The first camera must be as a silly struggle, Lector. I wish I saw. You pay up his ill, you never call on me. The clues him's on your next free. Just remember to let's say they say. It works the lotion in the basket. All that. Come on, let's go to a curse and Troy come up and do a clock. To our course, supposed to be else selling and servicing those accounts. But he's not. But anyway, cadence records, the chord deaths and Mr. Sandman, before you were born before you were born. Before either one of you was an idea. And whose orchestra was doing the music? Tommy Dort Archie, Archie Blyer. Who? Chicken Echo, no Archie Blyer. Caden's records, the chord deaths. But what I remember, I got. And the song by the chord, I think chicken accident to me. I can't find it. Warning to me with you by the chord deaths. I love that song. Remember the chord deaths? No. No. And I don't have them in here either. And they also did, please don't leave me, which was a fast download song, which I hated. That was on dot records. It's matter of fact. What's dot? Maybe it was an Indian tune. Do anybody have any idea what I'm talking about? We might not have a. That's what I like. That's exactly what my life is all about now. I'm so old that I talk about things that nobody remembers except me in chicken neck. In fact, you know something, we probably say a lot of juice I just call them on the phone to the show over the fuck. Ha, hello, collect. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60, leave a rise in singular. When I said Marty Perino from a Syracuse New York, that disturbed me a lot. That's like all that harness racing stuff. You have to have a lot of bottoming, man. I think when you get to be about 63, that's the perfect age for them to open it up. Just like they did with the Kennedy chicken. Remember that? Right. Now, which one was that? Was that not rosemary? Was that her name? How's it? The Kennedy sister that was like retarded. And so they had a lot of bottoming. And they pulled her up and she was like, like a step away from Terry Shire. She worked at thermostat. How big you're pouring? He's working the thermostat. What are you talking about? You just had to get up, change the temperature. I'm switching it here. I'm switching it here. I'm switching it here. I'm switching it here. I'm switching it here. Why? Is it 200, 200? It's too hot. It's boiling over there. I'm having hot flashes. You know? Well, I'm asking for because of those numbers. There's probably a lot of people swit in that place. Like I said, it's a bogus book. In fact, I'll tell you what. Just to make you feel better. To show you that we deserve that number. Two bonus and probably number one. If you take out. Who did Mo? Let's see. Where the hell is it? 10 to 2. If you take out that awful November that three one. I'll tell you. The three one is compared to anything else that was going on. The other NIOD. We did ourselves proud. One nine in a morning and that month. And what did the F noon do? Mo had a one. One one. He's consistent and a two five. But anyway, if you take that out of there, are the equation and the add like October and December together. Okay. The one seven four and a six eight. Okay. We do one and add 15 points. 14. We got a seven one. What does wrong with that? Any chop liver? And when the next trend comes out, we're going to be dropping off a big month and keeping an at that November. So but February come. February become and then we're going to kick some big fat smelly. We're going to kick it. New style. How old style? We're kicking a new style. We're going to hold a bunch of young pumps in here to work all these 20 year old jucks. 20 year old taco. Say we're going to do rock and roll taco. Okay. Hey, let's do rock and roll spore for the booster does. Good guy of a boy and him and Danny let basket. We're going to think that's all about. Hmm? I don't know. You think there's something going on here? They travel together a lot. Anyway, here's the deal. The best movie all the time. Now I gave you the top ones. Godfather, Casablanca, Star Wars, Godfather, part two. How about some of the ones that don't have any yet? All right. Make you feel guilty. We're going to have one. We've got one. Remember very Lyndon Johnson? No. Well there's so many that have none. It's a little bit of a side point. I don't know. 14. 152 votes. When I wasn't the Rhino Neal in that period, Lyndon? Sure. No? I don't know. What do you mean you don't know? Rhino Neal from the bottom of the road. What's Allen McGraw? She did her one. I don't know. I don't think so. I don't even know. Come on. I love story. And Ray Malan was in the photo. Don't you like Ray Malan? Sure. Just fine. Which I always see was the invisible man. I told you was. That was quite weird. Where did what turned he has none? The on, the professional. Other than the top gun don't have any. It is American history. X has none. Boogie Knight says none. Momento has none. The beside adventure's got none. What do you people do it over there? Cape Fear, the original one, with a great Robert Mitch and the drunk head none. Oh, boy. You people are going to get a lot of work to do between now and day morning. Hop on it. This is New Roger. This is 5.62. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not a. Do do do do do do do do do do. So argador do do do do do. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I need to put theirtan till not the knowledge that mit me, I will it is not so we are! they hate me, I will lose them and I will lose them and I will lose they won't die! but not in the main, but no, I will have something to wichtige with thee! SP I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. Bye bye!