The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the host yes Yeah, oh and the music is not playing the CD players in work Come on, you gotta be pulling my leg. We got a piece of equipment Work on a money board and the DCS isn't working this and the ECS blood All everything is just I play the open anyone no just to forget about Best to how much what I say I was in front of you You Okay, good tip. From the friend, if your life is busy and all are being commercial, if it's big men, you'll get the tamaracto. I'll be quick to virtual, I'll miss my nickname. I've been Tamaract, which is where my pullback used to be. Yeah. Well, anyway, let's not get into that. Here's some good news, fine. Let's start the week with some good news. You started to fact that often is lost again, which we knew they would. Oh, but that's not that we're going to run the table. Well, just wait now that they've got their loss out of the way, you know. Right. Now that they're five and seven, and almost virtually mathematically eliminated from the playoff, and everybody knows they ain't going to make it. But nevertheless, well, to Patriot and ugly win, but you know, something it still comes up as a big W in the I-L in the win column. It's a Detroit against the little girls team. Let's not start with sports. Okay, we got plenty of that. We got the mad dog at two. We got the big power hour with a hump or in the mad dog together with four until five. Five to seven at Stompra Solo, eaten a couple of extra salami sandwiches. And then you got Hurricane Hotline at the Game Wars and Sunset plays at seven. Eight o'clock, it's college football tailgate presented by FedEx Orange Bull. And then, oh my goodness, got a whole bunch of a mismatch in there. No Craig Mishdo. Nine o'clock, it's lame, our Ted's proving that we have no level of embarrassment on the station. Ten o'clock at CityCain. And that's our lineup. No games. But the Panthers and the Penguins tomorrow, the Panthers scored a goal the other day. But right, he lost again, but they scored a goal. Here's that good news. Unable to win Senate confirmation, you went and ambassador John Bolton will step down when his recess appointment, it's far as soon the White House said today. He's revoked the by the John Bolton. Bolton's nomination is languished in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for more than a year, blocked by Democrats and several Republicans. He's out. Bye bye, with your mustache. Take your mustache and shove it where the moon don't try. President Bush gave Voltaux a job 10 early August 2005. While Congress was in recess, but the informative spires when Congress formally adjourned, no way to then early January. He's been a worse fire. Bye bye, and take your stupid ass ridiculous clown mustache with you on a way out. Okay, here's the polries out from my Friday. Look at the number of votes on that polking, you believe that? I believe it. Was because it was up there all weekend, but nevertheless, real men don't. 2,039 votes that the is beyond belief. Real men don't abuse children and animals for a 747. Real men don't hit women, 556. Those are the only two with the ton of votes. Real men don't pat on the men on the ass. 164. Real men don't shower with other men, 163. Almost the same number of votes, you're almost seeing those people loaded twice. Because it's the same area. Black don't we're talking about that same area. Nicky guys, frolicking together, sounds very gay to me. Real men don't shave anything, but their face and head 146. Shaving your chest, shaving your armpits, shaving your crotch, I mean shaving your ass, get with it. Real men don't play fantasy football, 108. Josh would take great exception with that, I'm sure. Not great, but in some, whatever. I take that back, real men do play fantasy football. Real men don't let's oh, I hate this full 69 and a mere 3, 42 percent. Wow. And then of course, just to piss me off, real don't you, real men don't use body wash, 58. He should live so long. You lunatics. Phil Henry retired? No. Well, that's what his face is. He loved the market. That's almost like retiree. Yeah, I had it here. So I'm going to retire my ass, go away, you show me people. See, you put a pole up there and right away it's never good enough for these people. Oh, well, here's what you left off. You know, how about these people? You know, go away. Real men don't use body wash, say 58. Real men don't use so many more. Okay, real men who are living like in the 21st century and are living in the past. God, these are for the people who say that probably are the symbols who like wash their shirts with a, what are those old scrubbing boards, these use where they call those things. Watchboard, washboard, yeah. They worship. If they're washing their ass with a washboard, real men don't take five or 46. Real men don't listen to the old 1246. Well, maybe they're taken by where they're popping it while listening to me. Real men don't pay for sex directly 29 and real men don't cry only seven. That was a refreshing change. Every old men don't cry because this place enough to make me cry many a day and I'm a real, a real man. Here's today's football. Which broadcasting and again, thanks to the listeners, just sending in some of these pulls. This one's not all I could. But it's okay. And I doubt they didn't put it up there soon enough. So we're not going to make a thousand. I don't think you think? We have six or twenty now. What? Sure you can't get out of here. You're crazy person. Well, that's true. They're going to come with a butterfly and take your silly answer way. Please. Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006? Still had we didn't retire. Maybe he didn't need a null body. You think? I don't know. Google it. Google it, Josh. See if he retired. I don't think so. I don't know. I don't care to be honest with it. Which broadcasting figure were most sorry to see go in 2006? This is either died or retired or got shoved out of whatever. Ed Bradley, who of course died. 210. Ed is winning hands down your pants. He is way out in front. Even with that earring that he wore. What the hell difference was it that he wore an earring? Everybody's so excited about that. He wore an earring and his left ear. Yeah. And I don't know. They flipped. Bob Weaver. He got my vote. 79. Weaver the mother man died. Great guy. He's dead. Howard Stern left to rest of your radio in to serious. I'm cereal. 77. They missed him because they're too cheap to see. They're not going to pay for something that is not like in the first. I mean, they don't want to pay for it. Mohawai David. And it says here according to whoever said the pull and resigned it. Like that. I don't think so. He liked John Bolton's resume. Yeah right. 74. Say Mohawai David. Now are you surprised? He's in fourth place. No, not. I almost voted for him. Why is that? Because we. This is like a human punching bag. Which my phone was in. It was right. I don't miss it at all. He was evil. He was evil. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. I'm sure you would because you grew up. You're throughout. Right. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. I don't want you. I tried twice and I said, oh, wow. I hate this pool only 15 2.3% so far. Star Jones Reynolds fired from the view. That's correct. Only a Henry by the one. I'm a different that is correct. He retired from his radio show. Yes, he'd like to go to the. We better put it on the right away. How do you like that? Are you sure? Yeah. Okay. Put it on your film. He. He retired from his video show. What's that all about? And what how did this TV thing go. Do. Flop. Well, he was that one set comment. It was a bomb. As gone. Oh, yeah, long gone. So what else he doing? I guess he's maybe he's. He's been on King of the Hill future. I'm obviously team America. He did. Those are all the team. I can't. What are you doing team America? He was the computer intelligent. You know that. No, I did not know. Yeah, you did. We talked about it. I have a question. I'm going to talk about it. I have a question. I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about it. Get out of here. Maybe it was an article. I read. Okay. By the way, you do remember the article. I read about dog about 100 in the. Sure. From eating crack. Yeah. He had a crack problem. Bad words. Christopher Glenn died. We did that. Seven. Star Jones Reynolds got six and Greg Reeve resigned for. Oh, yeah, resigned. It just like my whole house. I was going to get a break. And who the hell is those four idiots said put that on there? Six hundred and thirty eight votes. And we got off for a late start because that was my bad. You know, makes for more of a challenge today. I'm going to take a lot of calls today. If we get any. I did see one. Wait a minute. The dots are out. But I'll tell you on a Monday morning. You already hit. Well, that's right. If your audio vault is out. And we got all sorts of technical. It was a deal. It was a deal. It was an out. It was the DCS and the. Some of you had player. Someone who didn't know how to use it. And to a mode. It's not supposed to be in. I see. So, I was somebody who was in there. Possible. We can. Which is the board of the. I'm going to continue. We're in the problem. A QA and hello. Hi. Yes. Not only did Phil Henry retired, but he gave us a loot to Neil. Are you sure? I'm Rooster. In his last few weeks he. He said Neil Rogers is one of the. People who have changed the face of broadcasting forever. And he's great. And he has to thank him. And yeah. I can't believe you know that. I mean, there was no publicity about this. I remember, you know me. I find every new story that's airbited. I never saw nothing about that. Well, I was a fan of his. So, I made sure to not miss his last mark on the air. And he mentioned you. No one. But I'm not. Really? And he talked a lot about IOD. And it was. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know. Well, now when did this happen? Uh, let me. September. I think there's. December off. Right. There. Yep. There he is again. Are you. His last radio broadcast. Did you uh, was. What was it? 23rd. June 20th. Oh, you have been in. I always confused September. June right. Twenty. Yeah. June and September. And then. Yeah. Well, thanks a lot. Okay. Just a shocking development isn't it? No. No. I think the biggest shock is that the fact he actually ignores my existence because when we're after, he got. I get it. I started. I can't recommend anybody else. Just me and Howard Stern. You know, he just, uh, I don't know. What's that right wing illness said in with Phil. He just was never the same thing. Which is a shame. Because once the part of the time we had some really great times, you know. You never had any great numbers, but nevertheless. Oh, there's. Oh, there's. He's a. Oh, and the thing is that the Hillary camp allegedly is really. Really very nervous about. You're an express in a forever. I like him a lot. Me too. And so he's young and experienced. He's unqualified. Well, what they'll be deal. Yeah. What makes somebody qualified to be the president is this. Lunkhead is. Oh, he's got to be nothing. He's qualified to be the president. Paul's apparently qualified to you. I guess so. If you have a pulse, I can be living sunrise and just have a Burley measurable pulse. Well, that is amazing news about Phil Henry. Are you sure? Wow. How come nobody are calling told us about that name sooner? Probably because we haven't been taking any calls for about to 85 months. But maybe. Or maybe because they just don't care. Excuse me, but I do believe that's that. If you fear your nephew is in hell. I feel that my nephew is in that room for long ago. Not with the Lord. Then in other words, in hell. I don't know. I feel there's no one alone. And because they take five of his bodies like a memo. You fear that that Roman Catholic community is they nature deaf use body. Here's what? All right. We have on the line in Van Ice here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI F640. Hello. How are you doing? Good. Good. This man, first of all, I'll make a donation to you on the line with your nephew. Are you a priest? Yes, I am. Yes. Okay. So I just want to mention Chris by something for you, Pat. Yes. So this is just, you've been missing from the bow. Right. What are you doing? What if you just hang on on a strange thing? What I believe is that many can draw your own conclusion. What are you doing? Let me explain what I'm teaching is. And you draw your own conclusion. Let me let you father explain. Okay. First of all, we believe that when you see it, communion, we receive the body and blood of our mortise. Oh, come on, my God. Well, hold on, man. I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what Mark and he says. You're a flesh and blood. If you want to let it go, we'll find out. Oh, my God. That's fine. Come on up there. This is our belief and you try your own conclusion. I want to learn this. Man, you got to let the father explain. But why would I want to let me hear him talk about you? Why the people missing from him? This is my hell reason. Like I said, you're wrong. Okay. You're in for that because you've been missing from the bow. What's happened to the nippy and you're wrong? You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing. Excuse me. Don't you eat it? We eat the whole thing. Yeah, the host. But he's the whole body of the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood in the face of whom? All the men. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh, God, oh, God. That is a blasphemy. Why would you tell me that? I'm trying to do it in front of Mark and he's not only giving me the truth in front. Do you eat up on the booty too? I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what's that mean. What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus? What in foolish? Imagine you save me as I say. Jesus, man, Jesus said bread and blessed and broken and said, Take this I needed this is my body. Oh, good. And it was the cup of lime, you said take and drink this is my blood. And again you said, I meant to eat my body and drink my bloody armor like a pig. Oh, my God. This is good, holy. You talking about eating up on Jesus. I just call you home about we believe you grab it on Jesus' hands. Why? I just believe in the grab it all around you. If that's it, you just believe. And my nephew, what about him? Good man, I'm again. Back on Jesus, damn Catholics, my dumb boy. I'm back, done your fucking fucking son. The Catholics, back on your boy, huh? You've all left from here. And I'm here for a little bit. Yeah. It's like some kind of Negro smuggish boy over there. Well, I'll tell you. Listen to that. You know what I'm saying? I don't know anything. I'm like a brother, but I'm a guy. I'm not a brother. Hey, listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time. I really do. All right, man. You have a good Easter. Well, you, you, you'll taste your sins. Well, I'll get a pig out. That's true. Thank you, Father. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. They're making on my boy like a brother buffet. Oh, you can eat me. All right. What was it? Yeah. What's it called, man? Oh, you can eat me, girl. I didn't want this. Gosh! You can eat me, bro. Yes. Oh, n continued. No, you can eat me, bro. Yes. Oh, god. So, exactly. Well, not only is it still get a chuckle out of that last part anyway, but kills 4.5 minutes too. Yeah. So there's our tribute to your close personal friend Phil Henry. Let's see, here's the old Kansas stuff coming in now. And you know, if I would've told you this this morning, and then you would've gotten this fact to you to say, that old man is so psychic and demiracle, you know, always find a hot machine. Yeah, because I was thinking I was shaving and I always had these to bizarre thoughts about I'm shaving. I was thinking about Larry, I don't know why the hell I was thinking about this. But Larry King never paying all those people back on or whatever. I was thinking about that guy with a dog food that being, when I had that rogue test health food story, the New Rhymes, New Trish and Center in San Suci, 100 years ago. Yeah. And it was this heavy said guy who I used to, he came in the store and used to sell his nutritional dog food. You know, with no chemicals and stuff. And the customers work coming and they come up to the counter, and you say, you have a dog. He's a good guy, but he said guys kind of like Richie Lophalada from Fanto. He's dead now. And one of the first things this guy told me when I was talking to him, you know, he's an old Larry King. I said, he always be $5,000 at Center of Bits. Same crap from one king was the end town, and was this scamming people for five grand for this children's book. He was going to write a letter. So here's a story from the New York Post that somebody fetched him. Larry was the king of the dead beats. Now, how do you like that? My psychic powers are spectacular. I meant to say, huh? See, on an anchor Larry King may have put his days again, but I mean, each member is by Joanne Beyondi, is bridging up the bed old days. I wonder if Joanne is kidded Dick Beyondi. Although she probably doesn't know Dick. The book covers the glory days of my mid-1920-1960 in Quarticles, the town celebrities including King, who was then boosily struggling with gambling, deaths in angry queneters. King will hopefully change his name from Larry's dick. Because it was too Jewish, had a bad gambling habit, which eventually drove King out of town. One line may be to tell your Irving Cowan has probably been King ever made it in the big leagues. There are a lot of people in my mid-1920s, and a lot of people in England still always money to. He makes it up to pay them back. That's exactly what I was thinking about. Wow, this is shocking. I'm going to go back and shave again. Larry King was a loser, so retired secretary and botico and are surely zeroed. Everyone knew it. He rented a home from my parents and moved out in the middle of the night. Just skip town. He stiffed them big, this big shot Larry King. Right, or eat if she didn't work, or remember him, father. He was afraid for him. He was a wise guy in New York Jew, who never stopped talking. He was a lot of fun to be around, but he owed money to guys with ties to the mafia. He got scary. How do you like that? How do you like that, my crowd's big friend? I will give it to you. He borrowed money from my father and never paid it back. We call his banker Jack Korsson. He called me once and said, Jack, how much did I owe your father? I told him it was $5,000. I thought he was playing to pay it back, but no, he was filing for bankruptcy. And one in the tele up is this. Oh, that's great. I perform. I perform for Larry King at two of his weddings when he looked at my mebeach. Did it for free because he was a friend, so comedian Don Sebastian. He still owes me 20 bucks to the burden of the track. Hope, Palmerance of cops widow said, not too long ago, Larry King was nominated to be on the money to walk those stars, but the board voted him down. That tells you what people think came around here. The book says, some local snarled us to the mention of his name. Is he an spokesman said King had no comment? Well, of course not. What else are you going to say? I mean, after re-hashing, huh? I know Larry would say. Don't be sure to go. That's the first thing you'd say. Anyway, get back to your buddy Phil. The article that somebody fags to and that's before the fact. It's all about how you think you read that. Well, if you actually read it, I like word for word on the ear. Or one that somebody just fags to? Yeah. You mean from April 27 to now, I already forgot. When you forgot to, I've an empty link. No. You didn't? No? No? That's not a story. I allergies. Jesus Christ. Larry King allergies. 680 votes on the poll. By the way, maybe we'll get 2000, maybe not who cares. We don't care. Phil Stephen Henry. Born September 1, 1952, that would make him 54. Was the host of the Phil Henry Show Accomedy Talk Radio program that was syndicated throughout North America on Premier Radio, never can on XM satellite radio, while the Phil Henry Show became renowned for its unique and controversial guests. Those guests weren't real people at all. They were fictional characters created and voiced by Henry himself. Are you sure? Henry's performed voices on the animated Fox at Khan's King of the Hill in Future Ram, and in team of the World Police, Todia? In spring of 2006, he had a supporting role in the live action NBC said come, teachers, which show was not on very long. Henry was married in 1997. A radio talk show was Maria Sanchez. The wedding was held at the Queen Mary and was broadcast live on KFI. Henry moved from Minneapolis and then to Miami where he further developed a show. This is the same thing about WTO, just as to Miami. The show then moved to KFI in LA since then. It has been initially syndicated approximately 100 radio stations, and February 2005 heavy movement is in the flagship station KFI to extra sports 570am, a sports talk radio station also in CINN and LA. Extra, that's the Mexican station with like 80 billion watts. XTRA. In early 2006, it was announced that he would be ending the Phil Henry Show feeling he reached the limits of what it could do in terrestrial talk radio. Barring an appropriate offer from either of the two satellite radio companies, Henry expects to shift his career focus to acting. His last radio broadcast was June 23, 2006. And then it goes down about his food with Tom Leicis and Bitterboot. He calls Leicis Colmo for boy. Here's an interesting thing with a little political background on Phil. Consider his views unique for modern talk radio. He's on one hand, a registered Democrat, who vocally supported Bill Clinton voted for Al Gore over Bush in 2000, and voted for both Democrat and Walter Mondale over Reagan and the 80s. And he's also adamantly pro-choice in pro-game marriage at the same time, however. He's extremely supportive of the Iraq War as well as the war on terror. He voted for and supported President Bush in the 2000 for election, shining John Kerry is trying to be all things to all people and casting listeners that Bush in time would be viewed as one of the greatest American presidents. Wow, I might be sick. Bush will be viewed as one of the jokes a lot, you know. Just like Tom Leicis, he gives one of the great tacos and his one of the great co-ops. Well, hey Phil, thank God you got out while you're still a little bit. That looks like one of his bits. What's that? No, that was him. That was a lot, you know, that was a lot. That was him putting everyone sold out. One in doubt, he sold out. Are you sure? Twenty eight past ten at five, sixty, never do you keep away in my opinion. Yeah. And oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You know, print journalism. And I just wanted to know, what advice do you have for young people coming up into the field? Like I, a lot of, for professors are telling us how hard it is to get into the field, actually. Just like no, you're in the field, you have any advice on that. Great sense. It can be a answer that important. Uh-huh. Sure. That is that is probably the most important. Uh, well, it's way up there. In the way up there. Anything, anything else? Anything you'd like to do? Pressure on the fire. Mm-hmm. Done this before. I want to be as first surgery. Okay. Why himself well? These are things I have to do. Okay. I'm talking about journalism field. I'm lost. What do you mean? Did journalism, I like, I'm a student journalism at a college. And I'll just want to be in the most important aspect of getting into journalism. Not the medical field. I think you're exhausted. From 39th. I am exhausted from 39th. I'm exhausted from 39th. I'm exhausted from 39th. I'm exhausted from 39th. I'm exhausted from 39th. I'm exhausted from 39th. I'm exhausted from 39th. No, no person, even those of us who are superhuman. Those of us with her cutely and appetite for the diverse and the bizarre. Even those of us who have shown and have to do it too well. To fight the good fight and stay the good long battle. Even those of us can get tired. And your voice, try it after 30 consecutive nights. Have I ever got to go? And I'm going to do that have I? Because I'm a troll. That's what pros do. I'm a troll-fessional. Look it up in the book. That's what we do with pros. Whenever we don't come out. We don't take it ever ill. We're looking for the farmhouse and the little blood desert. But it will park. We don't take it that may be the check to come through this month. And where the hell is it going? If you're a guy who's left 16th, 40th. So what do you do? What is the answer? Yeah, you're a little prepared now. Can't I worry about the clubs? I don't worry about the club. But I don't worry about the club. I worry about maybe checking my working. Now. Okay. Just cool it. Life is a breed. Because some breed's decision of 110 miles an hour and get promoted. The hurricane said it's a mess that had long. We've got speaking past it long. We're going to pass it on out to the newsroom, the eventual newsroom. I had talked to the local looking downtown. Beautiful downtown. I was the newsroom. I was in the Washington B.C. The mutual newsroom of get a subfigure on the news headlines. We'll come back a little more open for the American. I've also moved to my man, David Zebritt. If I'd taken him to one of his favorite places, I'm going to line to the town of Cooper Town of York. This is the Lairock King Show in Washington. And we'll be right back. So there he is. There's your buddy. Who was just doing house on them or those were the house on days, right? Okay. That would have played it. 700 votes on the poll so far, which is not one of the most interesting of all time. I mean, not even give the result. Although, let's see how Phil's doing on there. He's already up to nine votes. Are you sure? Yeah. Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see to go in 2006? Ed Bradley 233 by far. Nobody's even close. That's probably because he died most recently in this fresh everybody's mind, right? Plus we liked it, Bradley. He was a good guy. He won't even eat his left feet. He won't even eat. 5. We were 84. Howard Stern, who left for yesterday, made you 83. Mohour David, David, David, David, David, David 82. Skipper Chuck Zinc 75. Bob Lanceter 39. Mike Wallace 32. Bob Sheeper 23. Old Fuddy Daddy, Bobby Sheeper. Okidoki. I hate this poll 21. 3%. Phil Henry, he retired nine. Christopher Glenn died eight. Star Joe's Reynolds six. And Greg Reed resigned. It says, four. Let must be him in the Water Nancy in the Maddie Bell and the Ray Perry. Those four votes. Wouldn't you think? They'd be very sorry about it. Gary always had a set of greats and ask. But that's beside the point. Boy talk about an incoherent. How come I don't play that more off the... Yeah. They're doing. 5. 6. 7. 5. 5. Now it's Monday and it's already been a whole week since we put the calls back on. And as a Friday they went out of material. Plus it's the holidays. People are racing around like crazy people. Like chickens with their heads cut off. Reeling the malls of the stories buying and shopping and shoving and like... Like I said, like crazy people. WDQA and hello. Like I said, like crazy people. What I tell you. How did I know that I knew right off the bat before I threw my finger right on it? No, it was going to go. Old Fuddy 39. purple when I pulled it out of there. Speaking of finger, Senator Hillary Rodden Clinton has decided to pursue a run for the presidency in 2008. What a surprise not. And as asking the York State Democratic officials for their help in support, she ramps up a campaign for the job held eight years by her husband. I got news for her. She ain't no Bubba. OK. She's more like Bubba, Micey. As Senator Clinton said she was going to begin actively considering a presidential run after the election that processes begun said Howard Wolson, and a decline in a good Jewish boy with a name like that. Most national postal Clinton is a frontrunner of she and is the presidential race. Those some political strategies say it'll be difficult for a woman to win the top job in a national race. Republicans say privately they hope she does become the nominee because they feel it gives them the best chance to keep in the White House and Republican hands. Oh yeah. They're Jones in for swirlery. Make no mistake about it. Within a wrong party, Clinton faces opposition from Democratic activists because her votes in favor of the Iraq War and around willing this to be a vocal tone of the war. Clinton had been cloy about her plans throughout the election campaign, but Wolson made it clear Sunday that the planning is moving ahead. Also, Evan V. of Indiana's thinking he's going to everybody in her brother wants to be president. Let me feel Henry can do what he's not on the ear now. Wolson said Clinton needs to be going into between possible presidential campaigns, staffers, and recent weeks, but a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a fielder. She also has her husband former president, and the Republican is a main political adviser. I got news for her. She didn't have him. She wouldn't have squat. Okay. That's her main claim to fame. Besides winning the two elections a Senate in the ear, for main claim to fame if she's built Clinton's wife. Yeah. When you say, absolutely. What would say, but then again, more predaduce. We're not big Hillary fans. Sorry. No. Now, I make no apologies for it. The answer. Sorry. Because that would be like the usual Democratic death wish. And then, Phil could support, you know, Hermann Carring or whoever the Republicans run in 2008, but then he won't be on the anyway. I'm sure history already will. That is really bizarre. The fact that I read that back at April, if you're claiming that I did read it, yeah, I don't ever gotten an element. I'm thinking more about Larry and not paying people back. It goes to show out more like Larry King and Clinton, and Phil, Henry and Timothy. Because Phil kind of like turned out to be a bitter disappointment as the time we're on. And I don't have to ask you if you know what I mean. I know what you mean. I do, you're honey. It's been so long. Hi, I'm Aaron Summers. And you know what? You got me talking on the passion song. Tell me the story about how you got what? Got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow. Mark, before I hang up the phone, I got you down. Absolutely. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with? Would they black or live in white? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. 1047 watch it and screw bring back a lot of memories today, isn't it? Most of them bad. That's not our hour. I scored Brian's boots, but I'd away finally brings in nothing else to about early in the morning. He just backs it to me directed you do that. I backs it. Yeah. My score on Brian's boots, you're already doing it. I think he had a lot of money between the time he left the first time then it came back on our sales department. Just days the same guy, no, mole. But then again, they're eating no mole. And they're eating no mole crawls, either because they're odd calls as a Friday. It took him less than a week. Two of these hours, months and months of all, I've built up pent up frustration and angst and the material that they had been building them. And it's all gone. It's like taking a really tiny balloon and sticking a pinprint in there. And that's it. Like that. That's all I was. What do you mean? What were did you say? I said pin. Oh, you said that movie. Yes, I did. Have you seen me on lately? That late. Oh, I'm not going to be pretty successful. I think we got a shot on the thousand today. Now it's going to be a challenge today. And it's my fault for that. First of all, it's not really very exciting. Pull it's not controversial. It's not, yeah, there's really required much of an opinion. Just to somebody that you liked and they, they're either dead or fired it or retired it or whatever. I know this nobody on here was fired at it. Everybody retires. See, that's the way it works at QM. Nobody ever gets fired. They just vanish. Or disappear. Like in politics. We accepted solace, those resignation. No one in the right. Like, he's really my fault. He's really my fault. He resigned because they know they can't get a confirmant of some. And he's going to be out anyway. So instead of the embarrassment that he just resigned, they did it. Like more Howard David. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Seven hundred and thirty six votes on there. And Phil Henry's got 16. He's catching up to Fuddy Daddy Bob Schiefer. How do you like that? Don't let me something if he catches his old grimy ass. WDQAM, hello. Lill, how are you doing? OK, sir. Great, good day, you boys. Listen, last we were talking about, uh, you mentioned, what's the doctor of, I can, I wonder what you know that, uh, his mother passed last Wednesday. I'm the guy who called you quite long ago. Yeah. His mother, Howard, was she about 140? I don't know. Yeah, 90, so he was putting him. Yeah, I really pushing it. So, uh, probably why she died. Maybe she was pushing too hard like a seed. And the, so, this is, I can, it really hit, if I could say it, the mother will do. Yeah, OK. OK. OK, whatever you say. We struck the mother, although that's what Diana Christensen said in that work. There was just about the time that Josh fell asleep in the middle of the watching that movie. Speaking of Josh and his, uh, Tampa Bay bucks, they are really kicking some very serious andstere on. It was the pathetic sealers yesterday, the world offensive, uh, defenseless champions. Was it 21 to three? Is that correct, scored? I dream that. Yeah, that's right. I know the other side said it very early. I got three real time. It aligns. They pulled out of their butt right there at the ass and, but nevertheless they did. And Tom Brady came through and cordially then they won't again. See, a win is a win, whether it's by a point. Now, of course, that's not for the gamblers out there. I'm sure they didn't cover the spread. I don't know what the spread was against Detroit. Was probably more than seven when you think? Yes, I would definitely. I would think so. So, all you gamblers out there, what do I tell you last week about people want to gamble on ball games? Too bad. There's enough stress when you're a real fan just watching a game, hoping that your team wins. So, I may see it feel like all, whatever, goosey and stuff. But when you got a bet on the game, boy, you talk about the pressure and the stress. It's enough to give you a corner. I'm giving an oil claw, your arteries. That was great. Yeah, I'm sure. But you just keep punching your guts, I mean, gambling is an evil. Now, if they say, you know, I still can't, did I say that article? I don't know. Some, someday, I might have to read it again. There were a few things I've ever read on the ear in my life that impacted me so hysterically as that Bob Norman article from the New Times, the slightest loss in time. Yeah. He's, uh, what was the term he used to got? I got it right here. I saved it. I got it. Where the hell's that thing where he said about the zombie like creature sitting there mindless, pushing buttons, but a bit of a bit of a, for the way out of the soul sucking. He's no, no. He has been around the slot machines at Semero Hardrock and Vegas in the Adiati and he came to despise them. How do you like that? I had a decent machine on the Saturday. We're going to broke even. How do you like that? And I walked out of there feeling like I want to mid in box. I broke even month. It was never behind very much. I never had very much. I had a thousand on the wheel, 500 twice on the wheel. I still only broke even. And 400 on the line, and who cares? I think I'm going to start writing these things down that I can kill about a half an hour of eating in the show. Oh, and the first half hour, I had 200 on the line. I had, you know, whatever. I had two five times in the red symbol and the ever. I actually didn't have two wheel of fortunes. And then a blank in the third wheel. That pisses you off, you know? Because if you get all three of me get the progressive jackpot, 160, 6 grand. Didn't happen. Okay. If it were what happened, I would probably take in a couple of days off. 748 votes on the pool. Let's see, Phil Henry's got the 20 now. He's moving. He's climbing a ladder. Now that you finally announced his retirement on our show here today. So he was kissing my ass toward the ass and, huh? What was that? Oh, I don't know. Maybe he got religion. You think that's what it is? Or maybe he'd like to, maybe he was Jones in a work on this station or something like that. I'll take it. Phil Henry in the morning, are you picking it up? Now tonight is the QM Christmas party. None of you are invited by the way. We're not. Well, I mean, none of the audience. Oh, okay. I was going to say, and I hope that Kenny Walker takes you aside and really gives you luck for trying to sandbag their morning show. The Kenny in both morning show with those great things that they do. The great segments probably just ignore me and pretend he doesn't know me. I noticed at least this morning he's not promoting those sports segments as much as he was before. Although, who do you say that we're going to have out of our somebody, uh, forget who it was? I'm just not big on prefabricated segments. Yeah, I just, I don't know. It just, it gives me the movies. It gives me the creeps, the wet willies. No, just the dry willies. That's even more than what we tried. It's like the dry heaves. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, see you. So you see, thank God, that I've wise up last week and I have a decent size pole here today. There's nothing like having a decent size pole because I'm telling you right now. These callers, man, you can't complain about their art any. We got to have the callers bag meal. That's what the meat and potatoes are to show. That's what makes it really entertaining. But where the hell are they, man? Where are those calls? Like, I, we can give her crap, right? Right. I do. I'm very emotional about it. And I feel, I feel personally rejected and wounded and bruised. You'll see, watch this one. Q, A, M, hello. Hello, hello, country. Same put it out of tell ya. And he's right. For once he can find a head of play, it is a third world country. And that's why nobody's got anything to say. The mindless, the hopeless, the desperate adults. Oh, and there's speaking of wood by the cigar out there who looks and acts just like the guy with the eyes. Oh, really? And my lord. Fortunately, the other day, he's playing next to me again, which I despise this guy. He's got booze breath and he's just a lyrical guy. I was just like that. And he pulled this gun a couple of months ago. He was playing next to me. He said, how come you're watching everybody else's board? You know, every board, right? And I've never had anybody call a machine of board. Because I watched the machines to see what they're doing. You know, I was just called being a prospective, prospective, and they, they find in the hot machine. So yesterday, I have the misforcerated, the misforcerated and the play nice to me again. And after he had been sitting there, I just pretended I didn't see him. Like, I was paying no attention to him. And I sure as always, looking at his machine, mind. And after a while, he says to me, sir, could you do me a favor? I said, what's that? And thinking, oh boy, here we go. He says, could you not look at my machine? And this this time, instead of being polite and trying to be not, I just said, it's lost. I said, well, you pulled the same craft the last time you were here. I said, do me a favor. Next time you come and play somewhere far away from me. I said, I'll look at whatever machine I want. I said, it's called being perceptive. And over those going on with the machines. I said, secondly, I sure is not, I'm not looking at you. So just don't worry about it. Wait, did he have a lot of stuff? Oh, right. Just like seriously, you think that he was like a twin brother that the guy with the eyes. Yeah, just like that. Looks like him, talked like him. Only with the addition, the additional delight of his breath. Oh, maybe he thinks we're sucking the luck out of his machine. Yeah, look at him, mind machine. What the hell do you care what I'm looking at? Oh, can't sure I'm looking at you. You nasty looking piece of mong. Good. Yeah, could you do me a favor? That look at mind machine. I should have said, yeah, put some blinders. Okay. I'll go out to the barns of horse track and I'll go on and get some blinders and put them out of the sights. I want to have to see you ugly. Push and smelt your nasty, grotesque booze breath. Well, if there's nothing, I cannot stand its booze breath. SIGARET breath, I'm not too keen on either. But booze breath, I just can't deal with it. God. I just mentioned that in past. Okay. They're going out with the eyes. And maybe one day he'll die. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Fifty six and five sixty. W Q. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Christmas is right around the corner. Now's the time to get your child the new educational toy that everyone's talking about. New from has been the Ku Klut Kramer doll. The Ku Klut Kramer doll. How does it work? See your child's eyes light up when he pulls this ring. And here's a cute cutlet turkey in the likeness of Michael Richards. As he says one of five timeless lines about the holiday. I can't. Can you pass the white me please? Wow. This Ku Klut Kramer doll is neat. Mom. What? Okay. It's been a turkey. I mean, I mean, how much your old business so hungry for a fantastic new food? How could you? Um, maybe we should put the Ku Klut Kramer doll away now. Come on, mom. Let me play. It's a turkey. It's a turkey. From a mountain. It's a turkey. What kind of toy is this? Oh, mom. Everyone is school wants a Ku Klut Kramer doll. The kick kick. K-thousand the best honey. Don't abbreviate. I'll explain later. The Ku Klut Kramer doll. At now, would get the Jerry Seinfeld talking Pilgrim at no extra cost. Holiday food. I don't know. Hey, any rate? You know how they're all saying the same thing. You're all saying Ku Klut Kramer. Yes. Yeah. And I think only a dumb Klut would say that. But what's the other one? No. Right. Ku Klut Kramer doll. Seven. I read the 72 votes on our very, very important poll today. I'm William Forthante. Don't ask me why. It's kind of boring. Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006? One of our listeners sent that in with the best of intentions. And it was easy just to slap it on there. You know. Ed Bradley, 249, without your ring and his left ear. Thank God the left ear. Nice going ahead. Good work. Bob Weaver, weaver the weatherman 90. Boy, that tells me I'm getting old. Wow. I remember those ancient days. Ralph Redneck was the anchor. And Bob Weaver and Dick Finnell used to sure the or what the casting and Jim Prosemar Brown remember him. Mm-hmm. For sure. And there were an now Bob Weaver's dead. Ralph Redneck is dead and Bishop is dead. Oh, Jesus God. Howard Stern left for rest of your radio 87. More Howard David in 87. He's still alive. What does that say? Bob Weaver's dead and more we Howard David's still alive. That's intended there's no God right there. All you God squad crowd out there, you idiots. Well, the good Lord said, yeah. Skipper Chuck Zink died. He's 80. I mean, he was, he's got 80. He was. What am I talking about? Do I send a little bit in Quahart today? Oh, that. Now that's the in Quahart is Larry though. Then Bob Weaver answered her 41. Mike Wallace 36 retired. Didn't die. He retired. I hate this poll. 31. 4% now except to four. They're starting to get survey. They're turning on us. Phil Henry 26 retired from radio as we knew it. Bobby Sheeford 26 old Bobby. Christopher Klein died nine. Star Jones rebels. What is it? Six. And Greg Weaver's eyes still got the same four full and he votes he had to beginning. I don't even know why he's on here. 777. Wow, don't you like the sound of that, but not 7779. And we got a shot at that thousand. I think if we get over 800 by next to 20 hours, we'll make a 1000 by 2 o'clock. Who? Do we think? Five. Hope that give you number one more time than I'm going to assume that because it's the holidays and it's Monday. You got none of them say. But he thinks it's a very assessment. Because I'm not going to sit here and beg for calls for prayers anymore. Not to deal with. I'm not going to change the show back. All right. Let's go back to the late used to be near over so much more fun. What I was really great callers. You know that was great callers. You have the same October 3 once that you're talking about. Including in that job that's been on there 40 times already today. We need to be here. He needs to be taken out. Not for a meal or just for just taking out. Out. This shouldn't for example. Yeah, I think that would dig chaining. Oh, you have another traffic checkpoint. Here's some more for you. And then over the crap. No less apparently. Wow. I'm not going to let you know less of Christmas in Chinoofa and Quanzatong just to piss off everybody after in the public. BSO that we these will conduct a traffic enforcement operation. Let's see December 5th. That's tomorrow tomorrow. So you have a whole days warning now. From approximately 7 p.m. they'll 10 p.m. in the 300 block of Dixie Highway and Dany Beach. Wow. Vehicles of being expected for defective safety equipment and motors of the answer show their drivers license registration. Approved of insurance and shoe size. The information is publishing complains that they Supreme Court will mandate a proud announcement selective enforcement activities. Let me see how to put bears. Yeah, bring your get all your papers together. Otherwise they're going to drag your ass away and you're going to get you know, taking the Syria. You're going to have a rendition. What's your favorite rendition of, you know, that old black magic? The original. 7-10 p.m. from our night 300 block of Dixie Highway Dany Beach. I'll say that I'll put it in my pile for tomorrow's so I mentioned again because it'll kill about 20 seconds. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. Good evening. Yes. I just hope you're getting through the holiday hustle and bustle well. I don't pay any attention to it. And then you're not a big shop or but if you do have the opportunity this year, I hope you take advantage of the wardrobe sale and get rid of some of those. Okay, great. WQAM Hello. No, no. Yeah, yeah. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, can I tell you? I wrote a very game story. 1973, 1974, I just moved back from California and I went to the GIFI I a lot. And he was there every day in the matinee. He had hair down to his shoulders and kind of a big bus. And he was borrowing like 10 bucks, 20 bucks from people. And I was a little shocked because I remember he had been on the radio a previous to that. He was a little shocked. Yeah. And then you know, that was his reputation and an anacourse. He took off when he hit the TV again. But I didn't want to say that. Hey, I'm looking for his deadbeat. That's what he was. His Florida days. He was a strictly a deadbeat. And then he just did. He just did got lucky because the guy became obsessed with him and put him on mutual when he failed there. Mutual overnight. So they thought, well, let's stick his ass on TV. And he, you know, fell into a bucket of crap. Kind of think of the guy's name. He died since, but there was a guy that was like obsessed with him. It was a mutual radio at that time. And something about it. I figured his name. Who was a big Larry group, you know. And that's the only reason he is where he is today. Now, pretty exciting. No, I knew that. It's sad. Not because audience probably didn't remember that. Then probably have Alzheimer's like magic. Forget about Phil. Because I'll hang that out of that. I mean, that's one of the most important things, isn't it? Yeah. What is this that you just sent? Were there two pieces of paper? You know, I didn't realize that there were the same piece of copy that's what they handed me. That's what I found. And they seemed to be the same. They seemed to be the same. I'm glad you insisted it. And all right. That's the best. I don't know who the hell's responsible for that. Oh, that's that new guy. Steve Sloan. I remember Ernie Sloan behind the velvet rope. Oh, there was a guy. He belonged on the ear. Oh, or what? Ernie Sloan. That was the WNWS 100 years ago. He was our restaurant critic behind the velvet rope with Ernie Sloan. Oh, wow. Wonderful. Wonderful. That was quite a show. To me. It was a hell of a show. The most people did. And it was not very long. Behind the. Oh, man. If we had some stuff on the air or water over the years, wow. Man, of course we got Lenny Martester and I did nine o'clock just to keep hitting the tradition going. You know, like on hockey night in Canada, they have a thing there. It says the tradition continues. You know, all these years of losing. I guess is what they mean. But, and that is continuing. But the tradition continues on QM of having people on the air who absolutely don't belong on the air even just to say hello or goodbye. How come I can't find Lenny Martester this thing? Oh, heard it. There is a winning is all about winning. Yeah, there he is. And we put that on the air with a straight face. No punches, pooed. You know what I mean? How's that trouble? And by the way, Josh, that auto show on Saturdays. Let's go on that. What are you laughing about? He's involved with that show. I know. I don't come in here listening to the auto show on Saturday because, you know, there's too many punches, pooed. I mean, no punches. You know, I'm going to reel deal. The we will deal. Yeah. For a local meal. For my real slum meal. Seven ninety. Oh my god. What was I just mentioning? Only moments ago. What station? WS News, WNWS, seven ninety on the dial. I was not interesting. How things, you know, what comes around goes around there. We say I have no idea what that means. But it means in other words, if you punch somebody in the nose now, somebody will take a big bump on your girl baby. Right. But the bottom line is that seven ninety was WNWS. And now it's the fan. I mean, whatever one they call it, the ticket. Excuse me. The ticket. You know, the station, all their numbers always start with a, oh, like that in front of them. There's decimal point. And then whatever comes up after that. Seven ninety. WNWS. I wish I had some jingles or something to play from WS News. But I don't. We didn't really have any jingles. No? No. Plus two back. And we didn't have any jingles. I would. WNWS. We certainly have no jingles. I would either we did. Sure. Scatys. Huh? Scats. We did. Oh, man. This is the call in this year. Somebody give it your hand. Sandy Painted in between. Come with us. Just take your hand in this form water. Uh. Uh. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWS. WNWYLD. WNWS. Or I get that state. Away! MN hello! Or your brother. Who was that done. What's your bottom? You believe. me everybody can go through a slime wall period of their life that's not a problem. But then when you make millions and millions and you ever have any of it and then of course a couple of years ago I remember the National Aquarine is Agent is more than humans it's several years ago. Oh there he is feels bad about this and really early on this story. He's going to pay everybody back to the ever-paying anybody back at Nickel Dog. Not that I know of I never heard nothing. Well I give it to you. And quite to the contrary never gave back up a penny. Well you know it cost a lot to keep those suspenders the Stalinist suspenders going and he'd keep that bag full in that BIMBO life. Well whichever one it is number 85. His kid though Larry Ziggler you know that was his name Larry Ziggler was his son's name. That was amazing. He worked for us at W.S. News I'll tell you one thing I don't remember what he did to the show I know we did there I know he looked pretty good. God how could Larry have been his father? How do you know he was? Well that's what they said anyway. Although Larry didn't show up for his wedding. Kid got married and his father never showed up for his wedding. When you say that it would be like somebody actually offered their mother's funeral. And then they'll do it that would be really crass and grow test. Although at least the fact that it matter is at least as some was still alive when he got married. You were nice to mom when she was alive. I did whatever I could you know and now she's in the ground in the hell with it. I'm just not one of those people that's big on death okay and all this so we got to have a big funeral and a big deal. You just you know you live your life enjoyed and that's it and then let's move on move on life is for the living that and you dead people well you know we're lucky. Am I nose up kneels ass? Absolutely. Awesome. Joe is days I have done. Joe is days I have done. The large show is his son. The show just emulsed fun. So what does gallebrus? The joy is go out there. He got us power we can be. And now we're coming out in pain. But lightning's there, we're fighting. No wonder we do have to just let a call away. And say. Joe is got a gun. Joe is got a gun. You can't help this one. There you go days I have done. What is it going on now? It's where he old days I threw. You try to smile we can be. And now we're coming out in pain. The ratings are reflected. No way do we do have to just let a call away. And say. No way. No way. Come away from the pain. Come I night. Come away from the pain. I yeah yeah yeah yeah. I still think that was the beginning of the end when they put it back on our Deave just on the weekends when Joey came back and the story. He said. He said. I mean, he said. Commercial break and he says to me. How much do you hate jewelry rentals? I said what are you talking about? I don't know. I hate him. You know, can take him or leave him. Well, he wants to come back and then he put him on the air again. I remember how he found out he was being replaced by seeing the new rejoins for the new show in the rack. Really? And I had to be the one to tell him. That was for you, serial? Yeah. Are you sure? Joey Reynolds found out he was being replaced because he saw the rejoins for the show that was going to replace him in the Iraq after a show I was putting, you know, cards away as we did. You know, he was putting his aside because there were new show opens. Rejoins and whatnot in the slots where his cards went and Bill Marshall can. And he said, why are you putting those cards down there in the to be reused cards instead of filing them away? And I said, because there are other cards in those slots. And he goes, what cards? And I said, the cards that are going to be played next week for the new show. And I said, another word that we can't say on the air anymore. Oh, my God. You are, you are just like, can you walk in? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I got a good teacher. Evil. Evil can evil, man. Oh, look at that. Now he's online. You're buddy. QAM. Hello. QAM. Josh Curtis. Hello. Hello. Okay. It's good. I like these people that had like their own little studio and their cranking this stuff up, you know, and. Great poor job, though, by the way. That equipment's even worse than the QAM equipment. Pretty embarrassing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Boy, this thing with a calls, man. This is really a relief. Because basically what I'm going to do is prepare the same usual gigantic pile of a material here every day that I've been doing for several months. And assume that there won't be any calls. And then if there's like one or two real ones, like they got with a wardrobe guy again. You know, like that. Okay. Swat pal, you should be doing his bad as I'm doing. Okay. That's my wish for all these detractors out there. You should only be doing his bad as I'm doing. Hey, at least if I'm up with a new material. Yeah. Right. Exactly. After 100 years with the same saddles, stick bad. Oh, that wardrobe. You're going to a new and all. I'm going to wear a burlap sack. Everywhere I go. Okay. When I go to woodbine, I show up there in a burlap sack. They say, oh, here's the old man in the burlap sack again. Okay. I'm going to buy you a new shipper robe to keep your wardrobe. Yeah. Oh, these people. The stale is last year's Hall of Omen. It's this crowd. That's how Florida for you. And that article by what's his name. That's schmuck in the new times. What else is his name again? Bob. Hamilton. Bob alloo. Bob Aran. What is that guy's name? Bob Norman. Bob Norman, oh, you have Kent. Oh, how they lose. He says, how they lose and bubaba bubaba bubaba. And baby, I couldn't stomach it. He says, I skipped at the pressing chamber as soon as the last of my five. Twenty dollar bills had vanished. I know I'll never go back to that place again. He says, I'll never go back to those Gulf's things. Was it vibroma? And I'm sure they're delighted. Okay. In fact, I can hook them up with that guy. What do you guys look like guy? Hey, would you do me a favor? Now, look at my machine man. Yeah, right. You've simpleed in you, idiot. But I'm going to say that Bob Norman, based on that article that I've run and that article that I brought on your front it he is the epitome of South Florida and all the ills all the evils he he's what it's all a boot is that right a real you w 2 a.m. hello okay sir uh... what are you doing this ship in the years why you're writing a book i just like to know what you do for the years you i don't do anything on the years you're saying you watch TV and i go to bed early i don't i don't participate with runken crazy people i don't want to get killed no no pardon okay have a great life-felling it out of here shmuck what am i doing for new year's year ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha these are great these are the best cause of our lives man because when they when they reach that part where they have absolutely nothing left that's when it gets really good how can you tell i don't know i just had a feeling that's a screen for you tough conversation i could be wrong about that sometimes a little bit cynical over the top. I can't go green so you think I'm skimming off the top? Remember that? Remember that? Remember that? Remember that? Remember that? Remember that? Yeah, that kind of a strange answer. Check this. Yeah, skimming off the top. And of course you remember... Why don't we tell you something like, Mike Frank? My crowd's a big friend. 828 votes on the poll. We're gonna make a thousand today. I just might have all these group balls out there, these simple ones. These idiots, these quizlings who make South Florida the outdoor twilight that it is today. If you're walking down a street, in fact, if you listen on like your walkman or whatever right now you're walking down this beat. Just put your pants down and drop a big load on the sidewalk like a dog. You know, because it's not Florida. You see, I wouldn't see nothing wrong with that because South Florida's all about that. Yeah, that's the middle name. Craft is us. I can just see those billboards can't you? Welcome to a real crappy place. Sounds good. I know the logo. We're even, you know, living in breathing people can't have fun. And they, you know, they fight out about that pretty quick. And they say, oh, I can't wait to get out of this place. I can't wait to get out of here. How about those fish and fins and whatever we call them this week? Squish the fish and Jacksonville the yesterday. They kicked their ass. I mean, one minute they're talking Joey Harrington like all of a sudden he's going to be a Hall of Flamer. My right Josh after those four ones and we're all of a sudden Joey Harrington is the Arab parent. He's a genius. He's then we number two. Am I right? Oh, yeah, but he turned into a turd real quick. He, he, he, he regressed back into two form as what he did. He sucks. Joey Harrington, my ass. In fact, we have bit Joey's days. They're done. It could be appropriate for him. They will get that. He's called peppers back in there. One of these days, if he can stand up. It's kind of hard for a statue to stand straight up. Still everybody has got 35. He passed old funny that he Bob Schiefer like he was laid out on a slam. I'm pretty proud to say. WC, I am, hello. Hey, now how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, you're mentioned in the article this weekend. I think it was a son of a, it's about now. I saw a tax that's Linda that are being stolen from the restaurant. Right. And they mentioned how Neil Rogers used to talk about it on his radio show, the saccharin back in the little piece. We asked we'd lower yeah. Yeah, but just they had a couple interviews with some college students in Miami, University Miami. They said that as long as they're on the table, they filled and they should be able to take off. Right. Well, I'm noticing that I want to go and get a terrible life. So, practice is perfect. Just keep taking all the stuff off the table, the sweet and low, the splendid whatever it is, the knives, the folks, the sugar, whatever you got. And just jam in your pocket away. Jam in in your pants. The biggest name. So best talent to be this is your rock. Are you sure more shredd you'll five 60. You. I don't tell me. Those grew up. Uh oh. I know the place. Now, if I'm not going to play, but I tell me, I don't like this day there, crap. More technical problems in the QM studio with the crappy QM equipment. In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear. Allie McBeele purges all the Christmas favorites. Allie McBeele purges all the Christmas favorites listen to it while eating fruit cakes. You have to get the most expensive part of the holiday season to be as fruit cake. I don't can't imagine why anybody would eat it, why they would give it a little gift one. If you don't like somebody give them a fruit cake and so what good message. I think there's only like 10 fruit cakes and they just keep getting passed around. Well, why would anybody give it? Nobody eats that. I mean, it's as dry as like a sawdust, right? It's crap. What was big chunks of dried fruit in there. Oh man. But anyway, enjoy it. It's fairly great holiday season. 844 votes on a pull. That's not too shabby. We had a fairly slow start because I put this on here. I don't know. Little later, and I probably should have. But whatever. Which broadcasting figure where you most started to see go in 2006, that's a very important award-winning pull question and the answer is head Bradley. The others are fairly insignificant compared to old ed. Ed 269 for head Bradley. Nobody else has even got 100. I mean, like that aren't you impressed? No. No. Bob Weaver who died 97. Weaver the weatherman. No Howard David ended the design. Of course, when low dies, how you're going to know? 96. Howard Stern left the rest of your video in 1995. It should be a real wounded at Jagenico of Howard in our group. He's a distant fourth on the list. Even though Howard David has gone to beat out in that bad. Okay. If I had a big pop of ego like that and all that money, he's making, how can you make that kind of money and have an ego? I don't understand it. I don't even. Skipper Trefsank who croaked 87. Well, at least he won't be doing any more of those embarrassing TV spots. You know, for like, polident and like Polly Bergen and some of these other Florence Henderson, when he's just a little bit Martha Ray, remember those Martha Ray spots he died in chief? Oh, he was doing polivans spots. You know, for your false teeth. Skipper Chuck 87 and then it's way down to Bob Lancet or 44. Mike Wallace 39 retired. He's not dead. He's 148. I hate this polizzi. It's climbing 38 4.4% to the hostility. It's the holiday season. You know, other than South Florida is supposed to have like goodwill and feel good about the, your fellow men and women and the children and dogs and stuff like that. But they don't. But I'm not recently third copy of that deadbeat Larry King. Thank you. You know, I'll be right on the air. Okay. We're not interested anymore. We're already beat that out of the ground with Larry King stuff. Okay. Oh, good. God. I hate this pol 38. Phil Henry retired 36, which we even know about it because I got the, I'm seeing all. And I forgot maybe it's just because the passage of time. You know, it's a few months. Bob Sheefard 26, Christopher Glenn died 11. I was a thing. You had that clip you played from earlier. What is that thing? He's in the news. They in the news with, uh, I forgot him. I don't, don't, okay. I won't. Star Jones Reynolds fired from the view six and they put that dichorosia into the Fed, a militant hostile bull like and then Danny DeVida was on his smash down of his mind. Nobody cares because only fat shut in bras watched the view. She's got six and Greg Reed resigned. It says here still got four resigned my ass. Although now he's over a pound 96 because the people of Beesley are a glutean for punishment. They brought him back a lot of weird. We got to have something to do. You know, he's a kind of soccer right, which means he's a loser. He sure messed this place up pretty good and poor Joe Bell man. He's still trying to, he's trying with crazy glute, glute pieces of the puzzle back together again without what I would say great success. But that last trend maybe we're turning the corner. What do you think, huh? Uh-huh. Maybe Could be. Well, I speak on a cruisers which are keeping you people advice and a lot of you won't listen to me, but that's okay. The which one is your money? It's your life. It's your funeral. As my mother used to say, it's your funeral and, of course, turns out that it was hers. Ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, it is. It's just that you just get tired of people that want to elect you all their lives. Now, don't do that in the nag nagging women. In fact, that's a good bit for a chicken neck to the tune of pretty woman nagging women. Oh, god. Oh, a handlet. During a seven day care of being crews, 338 passengers and 46 crew members were sick and via virus aboard the world's largest cruise ship crews official said yesterday. Another one of these, or everybody's puking their guts out. The opposite of the world Caribbean's freedom of the seas which returned as scheduled to the quarter mile in the yesterday, quarter was statement from the Miami-based company. The ill passengers received over the countermedication and crew members sanitized frequently touch services such as ratings, door handles, and elevator buttons after the short lived outbreak began. And no doubt, true let's see it's too I would think. You know, because a lot of people were like 20 art hands of their body. Everybody were nervous. Right. I guess previously exposed to neurovirus likely brought it on board November 26th according to the cruise line. No viruses characterized by stomach flu like symptoms. It's a second about 23 million Americans are on really quarterly west enders for disease control and operates drug more than 700 passengers and crew members of our day. Transatlantic cruise lights month and the carnival cruise lines of our day which we call very vividly like was only yesterday. The freedom of the seas which was Christian did make can create more than 4,000 people aboard its 15 passenger decks and boy if it's loaded with 4,000 people you can't imagine among the amount of puking other stuff that's just swimming over that place. Standing up right on its bow would be taller than the ithal tower. Well, let's just stand there baby up right on its bow. He's saying stand it right up in the ocean and look dumb ball and people out. Or just a little extra wind stuff that's probably on the right now from all those sick people. Puking and the smitting and runs out. They probably just and that stuff right out the shore there. Now they just got to be hose you know they take a long shoot with worship on the floor. Right into the ocean. Yeah they get to the ocean so they can pull it all that water out there. Can you imagine this swirl and of course then you people are eating all that seafood. You know that fish had all that calf fish. I'm going to say it again calf fish are bottom feeders and that means we own an exactly what they eat but that's okay. It's not the eating liver. I hate to say to my younger days that we'd be like liver and onions would maybe a little bacon on it. Yeah I had that many times. Me too but I don't eat that no more because the liver was like the depository of the body for all the toxins in the crap and it's all in there you know like prego spaghetti sauce. It's in there so when you're eating liver you're eating that animal's nasty toxic lung but that's okay. We're going to die someday anyway so if you like it enjoy it. It's like that ice cream the other day. Of course that's days ago you'll be pleased to know I've lost five pounds and we'll be oh very good. That good? Yeah it is. No for the holidays you know I want to be slim and trim and look like a pretty quinn. From the ankles down I tell you one thing man I got good feet from the knees to my toes man I'm really a beautiful sight other than that you can forget about it. 865 votes on there and Phil Henry's got are you sure 39 man he is kicking some big smelly ass I'll tell you I just go and fill. WDQA and hello. Can you what? Can you tell me oh? I've never been a voice like this can you talk to me oh can you practice your accent yeah how long you've been working on this phony accent. Hello let me say it again how are you doing? Good good. Yeah yeah yeah. Are you fighting are you okay? No I just couldn't say that. Yeah. We are 567 0560 I tell you that really good the audience is right man and we're when it down ask the audience they'll tell you I'll bring you back to reality. There's a reason why it's on your man these people are the best by test with a big oozing breast the best talent to be this is me your rock. You're not a student. The critics agree this collection of holiday songs made very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. Yes candle wax music presents oh my father Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly incredible jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh what fun is to ride in a one horse open way oh what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved of weapons we're on the way nose way dear have a very shiny nose and if you ever saw it you would even say it well Elmer Fudz Christmas classics not available in stores and when you receive your 7- the mail you'll know why Hello everybody I show hope you like my Christmas classics so called toll free up one 800 but Apple waiters are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town I can't wait to hear my hands at a Chris album from the Christmas album from a guy that does that auto show on Saturday the punches pulled guy you know what's always going to be singing who'd offer red nose winner 881 votes on the pole man we are kicking ass and Phil Henry's time with I hate this pull with 41 votes for a set nice go and feel baby okay I'm not gonna give the numbers out anymore because there are good many calls today so like you know if we get them I'll take them if not say love you you know that's my comment just amazing by Friday they had run out of here missed the show last week last Monday came into a public pressure like that one emailer said came into public demand I decided to start taking calls again because that's facet with pretty pond risen monotonous and the very hard work too we're searching all this crap and printing out all these stupid stories and nobody hears about anyway and so we put the calls on last Monday and the Monday and Tuesday they were you know there were a voluminous amount not good but at least there were a lot of them and then by Friday was kind of like the again the gas ran out are we out of gas yes well yeah yeah shameful milestone reach for minimum wage and thank you all what I'm thinking that George W. Bush will go down is one of the great presence of all time are you sure another unfortunate monster haha I think you got feelings of hostility toward your old bald-headed friend Phil I just don't believe it what do you mean you don't believe it everybody knows those reports about he turned it away rabbit right winger not on gonna pretend that was all the story that we know that's just forget about that chapter of his life okay everybody makes mistakes another unfortunate milestone the rain of George W. Bush and the recently the post Republican Congress was reached on Saturday when the federal minimum wage said a new record for the longest period without a race since it was established in 1938 woo as if he said the truth the $515 per hour wage rate has remained unchanged for nine years and three months let me say it again yeah years and three months not surprisingly the prior record also occurred under Republican administrations when the minimum wage rate remains stagnant for over 80 one to the April of 1990 under Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush today and give all the benefits in the tax cuts to their wealthy friends they don't give a crap of much slipper's like most of you they don't care about you for nearly a decade the prices of every day necessities like gas food for scripting drugs toilet paper a skyrocket while the paychecks of minimum wage workers haven't increased the scent said 10 Kennedy over the weekend you go to year after year the Republican Congress has blocked all of 10 surveys the minimum wage while voting a pay rate for themselves almost every year and American working 40 hours a week at the current minimum wage makes only 10,700 12 bucks a year which is less than 900 hours a month in cover housing health care food and all voting expenses and given that most workers being paid minimum wage don't receive any health benefits that salary would barely cover the cost of biomedical insurance alone much less any other necessities like toilet paper and stuff like that accordingly economic policy and student equipment wages also deteriorated in real life in the point that buying power for that compensation is at its lowest level since 1955 that's over 50 freaking years ago like that thank you so much mister redist president of all time for any taken care of the slupper's out there taking care of the masses who are asked is because they at least allegedly put you in the in their new first place god how sad 891 an approval make 1000 easy today on what you were so damn worried about you know me you are so freaking insecure worry ward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty anybody else wants to ask any questions about my wardrobe or thing important things like that about most hairpiece and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line w q m short call line hello yeah short call a leader of the new democratic congress business travelers and privacy advocates expressed outrage right that's too arid about the terror ratings for a travelers yeah other governments rating you was to how much of a threat you are a center expressed that rage Friday over the unannounced the assignment of terrorism risk assessments for american international travelers by computerized managed uh... from an unmarked two-story building in north Virginia program incoming senator jellish here a chairman senator Patrick lehi over month pledge rate a scrutiny of such government database mining projects while reading the during the past four million four years millions of Americans have been invited with other announced to assess the risks that they are terrorist or criminals they demand like this are overdue for over sighted lehi will take over in jayney where of course that's got a change in the new congress associated press report of Thursday that Americans and foreigners crossing borders since 2002 have been assessed by the homeland security departments computerized automated targeting system or a ts the travelers are allowed to see or directly challenge these risk assessments the government tends to heat these unfaith for forty freaking years some are all of that and the system are shared with state local inform governments for use and hiring contracting and licensing decision courts and even some private contractors can obtain some of the information under certain circumstances how do you like that it is simply incredible it could be but the motion administration is willing to share the sensitive information with foreign governments and even private employers while refusing to allow you a business to see or challenge their own terrorist scores lehi said terrorist scores what's your terrorist score baby i don't know but i don't know but i don't know but i don't know but i don't know but i don't know how to write whatever name is what's your terrorist score joi yeah he's a terrifying this highlights the danger governments use of technology to conduct widespread surveillance of our daily lives without proper safeguards for privacy maybe saying he's a pat patric or tukkini would say go ask yourself that remember to do a jake got all done on the shape yeah he gets done on the shape of that he's a ordinary disagreeable guy 894 under pull spectacular WQAM hello QAM here's line nine again QAM hello i can understand where he's at he's at Lensie on love 94 oh yeah gloves vinesies on love 94 not you're fairie wow i think these calls are all coming from inside the building except for the one except for i'm sorry i'm sorry that one might be also like one stranger calls oh yeah that one could be coming from inside the building he's from now you know that keeps popping up on my cable last couple of weeks the the revised and much of the story one stranger calls i won't long nothing to see yeah i'm not sure either you know the original one was sensational with the Charles's fat Charles's turning you know rolling around chasing that crazy guy through the pantry so you're gonna do it all time huh you're gonna girlcott the new one girl cop as opposed to boycott oh boykai yeah i'm girl i'm girl caught i thought you said it was a girl cop i can't understand what they're you're babbling about yeah girl cop my ass with the billy back yeah look at those phones man they are smoking i doubt that anybody's going to anything to say it's the holidays what do you expect man important people are doing important stuff they don't have time to call you and you know you have verbal intercourse maybe they're going to start wqa m hello wqa m hello uh yes good afternoon yes you're good evening we're talking about the body wash i know some of it has the little granules in it granules yeah for uh exfoliation yeah uh with respect to the little guy uh when disappointing to defind us in tax yeah has great impact yeah keep scrubbing it wqa m hello meal yes sir when people talked me lately i hear them talking to me in tongues yeah i wouldn't say wouldn't surprise me that's what i'm here and i'm sure all the time now although remember that article i had on uh was it Friday about the guy what what he eats remember that and about how great tongue is and especially if it's like oh that's right oh that's odd of that i mean it's not a little or nothing like a little tongue but that's not what i had in mind watch this one a little fake house oh my god who wants to have a cow stick it's tongue down your throat fat that's why many reactions is fat oh my god you wrote anyway nine hundred one votes on the pool i'll be like you know having some kind of a thing with rosio d'all oh having a cow stick for some oh sorry wqa m hello wqa m hello yes sir don't hang up homie i'm sure you agree with me yeah okay good wqa m hello that's always been the best we start a call any talk show don't hang up on me it's qa m hello no i put a spatula my rectum is we can't okay good i hope it all comes out for you okay haha probably statue of David no doubt well he wants to convert you know wqa m hello everybody doesn't make you gonna hey wqa m hello hey Neil how are you okay quick question what is the name of that thing's up as long as you played this last week just a bobby brown bobby brown thank you very much you're welcome in there people my bobby brown this thing i'm the cutest boy and now my car is fast my teeth is shiny i tell all the girls they can kiss my honey back don't hear right yeah hey we're a statue of resin sharp and i'm having two i got a cheerleader here once they help with my pay well they're do all the work and maybe they're all me but i am you're not a good friend i do not think okay well that's about as far as we're going with that that's about as far as clerics too all the rest of that but i know there's said there's some point i believe you did sure get out of here you tell me i could play that whole thing you're a crazy person i'm going to listen to you know i have a crazy person but nevertheless you believed it yeah we must have already released less than outstanding bleeps because they're all in it is worth it i love that they're all perfect yeah just like you they're all perfect that's right nine hundred and three votes on the pool man we are kicking some big ugly scented avian ass today what are scented avian asses like here we are like all smooth you know are you kidding i'm talking about women smooth how the hell do you know what do you want to know about scented avian what's the last time you've been to stock home where i'll stinky uh oh that scented avian's in terms of world travel american so i mean she's scented avian like tell sickly man it's a really neat place you know beautiful people mm i like germany though and i like Berlin i'm going to tell you again those beautiful people in the world are in Berlin it's really your tongue talk about tongue will be dragging on a side walk it'll leave you just week it just limb on my way you know i'm telling you week at the knees you just want to crumble and tumble and fall to the you the biggest name so best challenge to the biggest is the rocker and over the road we'll be mine you need to put them on this is very quick whenever i shape up all i listen to the heel rodgers 12 one hour why am you as a solvents and here we go again there's fun all the losing season that's never gone up to you they never when they never will and i will never know viceports or a straighted pick them go win the super bowl there the by amy doll for more by amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for the number i'm in jeans and the league it's you by amy doll for my amy doll for the same old story nothing new the dolphins are such losers they really aren't quite lame i knew it from the fair we scarred i watched up hits for games and did you see the winpy way it's been through that flag you feel standing on the sidelines he looked just like a bag and there the by amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for I amy doll for the number i'm in jeans and the league ready to I amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for their problem stick to them like blue the doll for the last of the whole world and then you can't achieve it's only five year one that they pulled out of the story and then they played the Texans in almost made me sick that stupid two point past away that fumbling on side picked and there the by amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for my amy doll for and the long-awaited shoes a dolphin's can't control the fall they're running dangerous flat as for their execution well i agree with that uh there always had a blow or lead a back to can be short and when they leave the field so has the stench of common door and there the by amy doll for my amy doll for my I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin's number, I am a genius in the lead. I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin. If them another shot of blue, the heart is blue. No, no, no. But dolphins have no strategy, they play like idiots. Another couple games must have a theory of syngets. I think they're all retarded. It's almost like their first astrachian jailer and zectom, which team is the worst in their say? I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's number, full of the hell, 42. I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's now there, blue. They say, let me put it that way, they really suck their prosthetic, they are an embarrassment and they have blown out of you. They are pretty marginal and consistent team, two is metr-fact. They are jaguar. But that is okay. Next week it is the Patriots, I am not saying nothing for granted, you know? They do the lion, you know? Every time the Patriots play a crab team, they have done this for years. And when you least expect it, all of a sudden they don't sure what happens. One of those things, but they will take care of us. What was it like two years ago? Remember that late season game that they lost a dolphin? It just never been close, you got about the dolphins, how good they work. They had a great chance to ball up there and gave the game away. They were getting sacked and he tosses away and they ran in for a touch. It's gone Tommy, what do we have to have? They blew the game. But in the meantime, they won three Superbowls in four years, how did dolphins do it? The dolphins are at a football with a Toronto Maple Leaf start a hockey. A franchise living in the distant past way way back. Well, you know, they undefeated 72 team. Well, that's 100 years ago for Krenna Love. It was just like they make believes. Rumble. That's it, off to the Mitchell. Oh, that's the Marley's. Oh, brother, a little lead team, like the Leafs. And every 21 votes, which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006? We don't mean dinosaurs, you know, retired or die or give replace or something like that. And they moved towards that very online projector for second, and then joined for the final junction up to beyond $ because  Payday. Yeah, it's just a sort of Cash Blue Chin up that I owned. For Undeering the tournament. And we're going to start by. And to end this 14 year old boy with Periatic. And then he was at the commentary jazzy. of our audience are like all whipped up to stop about it because they don't want to pay for it. Bob, we were died. We were the weatherman. Good guy. Great man. 101. More Howard David, a really great man. 97. A great schmuck. Skipper Chuck Rams with schmuck. He does. Skipper Chuck's thing died. He was 110 years old. 88 votes. Phil Henry retired, which we just thank God for that lady calling in this morning. We wouldn't have heard all you can eat and he'd grow and I got you down. And by the way, did I do a fine job of blipping that thing out? Yes, you did. What a memory. Phil Henry retired 49, at least from radio, but he's he's going to be a big team in movie star now is pursuing his acting career. Remember, has it that he was the voice of the computer in the team of American world police? Did you give that to me a guarantee of that? By the way, give what? Oh, the team of America? Yeah, no, I suck. Well, get weathered. Give it to him. I hate this polls up to 5% 47 and it's time for Bob Lasseter who died a month or two ago, 47, a couple months. Mike Wallace retired 45 and celebrating his 175th birthday. And I go on Mike. Bob Sheeper was replaced by the Amtis kitty corp between the two of them that couldn't read a newscast if he put like an army on the race. Bob Sheeper 29, Christopher Glenn died 11. He was on he was on radio for about 145 years. Greg Reed, who resigned, it says, 07. They must his buddies must be voting again. Now Gary Sarner and Maddie Bell and that crowd is Maddie Bell still there and somebody step on him. Yeah, he's around. And star Jones Reynolds got fired from the views six as if anybody cares about that. Sure, about that fat cow, right in that stuff. 928. And I just love talking about the publicity machine, the way they keep trying to whip up all the controversy on Aaron. Bob, by is all of said with Rosie and this one. Oh, cares. Okay. Then a freaking life. But your life was old bags sitting around talking crap. At least any defeat or evidently, in turn, to the little bit of, you know, life and I think anyway, and I still don't Danny. That's right. Since he broke out of the institution with the mystery, where was the Jeep. What was his name again? Randal McMurphy. I was calling JP. Mac Murphy. Yeah. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Miss you. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Anyway, WQA and hello. Yes, I am. You don't hear people talking to you and tongues. Oh boy. This is a tongue guy again and let me turn a good place for your tongue. Back home. 567. 056. Trying to do one of those deals where you know, see if you double-drilled it like rhyme Jeremy and see if you can get your tongue all the way back to you. Back to him. Because it is almost lunchtime. WQA and hello. Can you mold and update? Make my nipple racky. Oh, yeah. All right. Mad dog calling it a little bit early today. Could be on a tube by the way and then we got the power hour. We got the hopper and the mad dog together today. I also actually look like I'm the same day. That was fun. About time. All these people had never worked man. It's just amazing to me. I'm so jealous. I could just scream. I could eat 14 chiquita bananas. 928 votes on a poll. We'll have a thousand by the end of this hour. You'll see they need to be sorry for doubting the old man. You know? This has a mold and people in C now. You'll be sorry. One of these days. WQA and hello. QAM. Hey, you don't hear anybody. Okay, pal. Hey, listen. You were talking to the day about the slots and the payoffs and all that stuff. Yeah. I want to a program. I don't know. We're going to history channels and crap like that. And they were saying if they just they pay out 95% of the time. Yeah. And now if that's true, then 85% is very well. Let me say it again. Let me repeat what I said on Friday. The percentage of payout is over the life of the program over like a year or 18 months. It doesn't mean squat. The whole if you if you think you've got to win it to slots first of all the locker room. But secondly, it depends on which machine you pick and when you sit down at it. They you know, they're computerized. They run on cycles. Okay. And if it happens to be in the pace cycle, you sit down lucky. Wonderful. Great. It'll spit out a bunch of money. If you sit down when it's in a cold cycle, it can be cold for days on and you could put thousands on there and you're going to lose your ass. So I know. I know. I know about that period. If you get them, you're going to lose period. I mean, they're just that way to win. Absolutely correct sir. But I you all by hit the fall. I tonight on the Monday night football. Well, good luck to you. You'll need it. But when I came last night, who now line up winning again? That was a bad game. Seattle and Denver. That was really pathetic. Who won that game Josh? I believe Seattle. They were winning in the fourth. Get out of here. They were losing the whole game 13 seven. I went to bed. Well, then they took the lead all look it up right now. They pulled it out, boy. They were pathetic man. They were pathetic. Even Alexander couldn't run for it to save it. And I kid what tells his name that's a quarterback now for Denver that we placed a j-cubler. Jay Culler placed a what's his name? Mike what does his name? Jake Plummer. Jake Plummer. Jake to snake. Yeah, I'm agnistice. Jay Culler kid. He was not ready for prime time. He pulled a time Brady there all the way. Only in one respect just one bad play. See time doesn't once in a career. This guy's going to be doing it every week. Toss it up in a guy or seven and ran in for a touchdown line. And you know, through the ball right to him, through my lolly case. He had a one 23 20 nice going see how I started that big fat in my home. Really, man. I don't know. He just unsubbed about him. You know, one thing about coaches most coaches don't look like they had anything to do with sports. You know, they got a big fat gut. You know, I'm talking about he took all two. That's their prime. If you have passed their prime, I don't think that he ever had a all-of-build. But check. He's a really fancy guy. He dresses almost to snappy as I do not quite for the wardrobe guy again. Well, we're going to something about your wardrobe. Yeah, I'm having a really tough life. Let me tell you right now. Things are really tough. I have it a rough time. It can ends me too. I'm having 41 votes on a pool and fill him. We is climbing the ladder, man. Does it matter that he's climbing the ladder? Probably not. Okay. But he is. And that's because we're thinking of the old Phil Henry back when we liked him. Remember those days? Sure. It was very funny. Exactly. Wasn't still anymore. When he wasn't turning into a right looking, uh, fascist looking group ball. Nothing worse than selling out when it's out. Of course, it all depends on what the price is. Oh, Sam. Who was it that was talking about Gary Surner the last week? Remember a couple of weeks ago in Sydney, Aldermet, Jewish, Delamo, Pork on Seo, right? Remember that? And you said that's older than the thuslaman. Yes, it was before. I never heard that. Well, maybe they're not told those Jewish jokes to your face like they used to. Oh, I see maybe behind my back line. Oh, some people talk behind my back. That's what you said. Yeah. Yeah. Being as though deputies will conduct a traffic enforcement. But then again, some of those people are, you know, going to someday have a lot of my money and you're not. But anyway, that's right. That's what they get for talking behind my back. Oh, being as though deputies will connect. See, now is that a dilemma like that Jewish dilemma that could be a dilemma, you know, like you'd be like somebody a lot, but then they leave you money in their will. And then they are you hoping that they live a long, healthy life and you like them a lot or you wish they would croak tomorrow. It was their would croak tomorrow and get the money. That's true. Be so deputies will conduct a traffic enforcement operation tomorrow. Speaking of when some people are going to croak. 7 or 5 tomorrow night till 10 p.m. in the 300 block of Dixie Highway, Dini Beach. Vehicles would be inspected for defective safety equipment and motorists will be asked to show their papers, baby, your driver's license registration, proof of insurance, your shoe size, all of these things. How do you like that? So if you're in danger beach to run, I'd be between 7 p.m. in 10 p.m. you better have your papers ready and everything in order. Okay. And put the weed away. High to summer good. Like in Europe, had loonies to be good. Like way inside your actome and like a little baggy would be good. 955 on the pool, oh, we got a thousand looked easy by one o'clock and it will be George from one to two. When that be good? Yeah, whatever. I don't think there's a problem. That George is going to want to do every day sounds good to me and then all day friday. And then maybe like I'm often at Wednesday, stuff like that. But we sure had a good scan going what used to do that one two thing on Wednesdays. You know, these people are so scared craftlessness. They never, they never came in and said or called or like what? I really suction. We're paying you a lot of money. Not to play just comedy bits for now or everyone's there. That was garbage. I enjoyed it though. Sure. What it's like. Oh yeah. I don't know what tell what was all about. It was just see one thing about this company. They'll let you get away with whatever you want. If you want to make a deal with them say I'm going to work 40 days a year. Okay. Whatever you say. Here's a billion dollars. You know, size just sign on the deadline. And whatever you do don't go anywhere else. Don't go with the other guys. Everyone the ticket went on the year and they were like all peeing in their pants and all of their courting and hanging mad dog and this one, that one and all other crap. And then who was the other one that they were like? Oh, it was it was Kimba Bo Campor. Remember that deal? Sure. And Joel find where sends the note over to Greg Reed. Oh, by the way, we're not interested in Bo Campor anymore. So don't overpay him. Ha ha like that. Meanwhile, there's a one stuck stuck with the dolphins. And if you think they were losing the rest before way to the dolphins are continuing to slide that they went back into again yesterday. You know, the dolphins remind me of a drowning man. Somebody threw him overboard and they were like drowning. We opened and then they came up for oxygen for a little while. And they managed to get to, you know, to tread water again. And they came up and read a little bit of air for a while. And now they're like, oh, I'm dying drowning again. And once you go down for the second time, sometimes you don't come back up again. That's where Kathy Willard said. 962, I'm sorry to say that in the middle of one's time. I apologize. 962 on a pool and fill Henry May. Oh, he, I don't think he's going to go any higher. He's got 60, but these skipper just got 90. You think so. He's going to go like in the top and the upper echelon there. You would never know. I don't think he can cut it. Are you sure? We'll see. Time will tell. Phil, time will tell. Just be patient. What are you just looking at? Margaret on here again and all those other deals before him in the times before. 567. Oh, 560. Pond 560 Lee Verizon and singular wireless line. WDQAM. Hello. No. 60. Come on. Well, what's that way? You go back up at a back. Return it down. Yes, we heard. I'm sorry. I know you were a communist that I know you were a communist that I know you were a communist that I know you were a communist that you know. WDQAM hello. WDQAM. WDQAM. How about that? OK. Good. Well. They're all out there today. Let's move right along. Let's still back into my pile. Well, the took him out a week and we're back to them. This is what they want to hear, man. This is what he wanted to hear. And we're going to give it to you, baby. We're going to tie a bull on it and stick it right in your radio and you can smell it everything. Oh, man, can you smell that? Wow, over and over again. Smells like rotten rotten. There was a guy sitting next to me on Saturday playing the machine. I actually did pretty well as a matter of fact, idiot. And this guy smelled like he had been sleeping. His wife was playing a couple of machines away. And he smelled like he was sleeping in his clothes for a month. You know what I mean? You know that smell of like rotten clothing that's unwashed. Oh, moldy and mildly. Wow. But anyway, protesters demand new election for district 13 congressional seat. In Sarri Soda, arguments about ballot design, machine error, statistical properties and like those way, breed, new gen teos at Gentile. One of more than 500 people pecking Bayfront Park on Sunday calling for a revote in the 13 congressional district race. You go, Bernie Lou, you good old Gentile. The 77 year old in the commissar resin has a simple reason for believing that 18,000 people didn't all intentionally skip the congressional race to remember seven. When you get more votes for the hospital board, you know something's wrong. Gentile Gentile said, remember Joe Gentile? I don't know. She was referring to election results showing that fewer people voted in the congressional race between Republican v. U. Canon and Democrat Christine Jennings in the race for county hospital board seat, ludicrous at best. Gentile and her husband, Don, didn't fit the profile of the hundreds of outsiders that the weekend campaign said in the press release said it would be bust in by liberal special interest groups. Several groups, though, did bring members to the rally, including people for the American way, common cause and voter ration, which is foul student hall, I have to say for a revote, a freaking revote. Let's do it. When it doubt, what the old voting machines out? Again, grassroots groups from Penelope County and Miami, which are lobbying for an end-to-touch between voting and their low-cals, also brought members. But there are also many local Democrats attending the rally. We want hope, give us the revote, thunder the Reverend Charles McKenzie, Florida coordinator for the rainbow push coalition. He's pushing it. The crowd in the Bayfront Park and joined in, give us the revote as McKenzie chanted the phrase, give us the revote. You don't. We cannot stand by, oddly, while 18,000 citizens are victims of massive disenfranchisement he said. I wonder what he meant by that. Probably, of course, supported buttons, calling paper, not vapor, and wave signs waiting hawk for a revote or is that hockey revote, revote or revive our trust, and touch my screen no one will ever know. That touch this no one will ever know. I was still looking. The rally was advertised in 300,000 emails to come and cause members who can respond and get photos and comments from the demonstration. Charlie Pingree, president of the National Group, fully audience. What you do today makes a huge difference, Pinkree, said, we're here to stand behind you, call for a revote. Jennings has filed suit asking for a revote or to have the election overturned for the court to declare her the winner. And the court filing Massachusetts Institute, technology professor, Charles Stewart said the odds were 5 million to one. Again, such a large undervote occurring by chance. 5 million to one against. If you can campaign, no argues that there's no evidence that electronic voting machines malfunctioned right. While a contests a congressional race provided the spark for the rally, Jennings and be can were frequently mentioned by speakers who focused on what they called the U.S. Immeliety of voting systems that don't provide a voter verified paper ballot. See what this important fact is here from Jonathan in plantation. This is a Sawyer. Oh, this is good. Thank God for that. I saw one of your movie recommendations over the weekend while we fight. Great movie. My friend, thanks you. Welcome, Jonathan. It has opened my eyes even for the what's going on with the military industrial complex and really makes me feel for the troops to poor banschens. Let's bring him home now, it says. It's what he said. Absolutely. I've done it in a great life. 971 and a full life story to be put in the shower ends will go over the thousand mark. And then they'll be talking at the water cooler, baby. You won't believe what they're going to be seeing. They're going to be seeing the water cooler today and I'll be clung. I give up. The dog. It's a dog. Oh, what we know that. Better than us, baby. These losers across the street, they got that dolphin franchise on the air boy. And of course, we got the panthers. Not always, they're no interested in putting things too elevated. Finally, score a goal. We lost again. Three to one. But they scored a goal. First goal in four games, man. That's pretty weak. Even Josh gave up on the panthers. We loved the panthers. They are the man. Talk about the in South Florida, the franchise. I'll get screwed in tattooed. As a matter of fact, I think it's going to be a, or for this season. I mean, you're defending champion NBA champion heat. Are they going to make the playoffs, you think Josh? Yes. No. Why would you say yes? It's a long season, buddy. Don't get mad. Yeah. And man, if you're dreaming on the screening, their division is, they suck. And dolphins, of course, already are conceding at five and seven. I'm not going to make the playoffs. Even if they ran the table, they like to say nine and seven, eight going to cut it no way. And they're not going to run the table anyway. They've probably been losing all the last four games. And who else the marlins did? Making the game a little bit of a shot there. And interest in your Florida Marlins. No. And the panthers, of course. They never make the playoffs. The panthers have made the playoffs exactly three times in history of the franchise. And if it wouldn't have been for that one magical miraculous fluke year, and it was a fluke, if it wouldn't have been for that one, it went to Stanley Cup finals on a year ago. That franchise would be long gone, because it would never have built no macarina. And it would be long gone. We wouldn't have moved them to like if Solanti or something. You know, so Wayne, when it comes to sports, unlike his business team, he's put one that comes to his business things with sports, everything Wayne touches. He's got the minus touch and reverse, it turns to crap. That's right. Always smart enough to unload it, like he did with the marlins and he unloaded the panthers to Alan Cohen and his brother Marty. 979 votes on the pool. How's he how fill is doing? You think filling it at that top wrong there? Not that I really care. It's just 64. Even Skipper Chucks got 92. Come on, let's vote for a Skipper Chuck for the old code. Just for Georgia sake. Okay, so he's got fine memories of Skipper Chuck and his teeth in that glass at tropical lake. So 35 25 to one. You know, the interesting part about this whole, well, I'm not sure it's interesting. It's pathetic. But it's like, I'm trying to get spotlight on the difference between rational people and hateful people. Every year we go air every single year. When you're a hub company who can stay married, Chris missed, but not happy all are the other way around. What the hell difference is it making up? But it's just a classic. You can say, well, the religion always breeds hate. Sure. Always be on the deal with. I said this and hate and you don't believe in my fairy tales and therefore I'm going to get all that other shape and why can't I say my very Christmas or happy quans are happy to nukar all those other fuzz of rye. Okay. Jesus, God Almighty. And anyway, for 36, I mean, I don't really care what you call because I'm just like I said, from now until after New Year's I just kind of like slide right on through it. Yeah. Why? I'm not interested in being involved. I don't want to participate in any of the nonsense. Speaking of nonsense, let's get some more of these good calls on here, man. We've really turned the quarter on the calls today. Am I? Oh, yeah. We turned the quarter away up big elephant pile. Now that we're over the hump. Mm-hmm. I can smell it. 567. 560. 560. Levi's in singular. Wireless line. WDQAM. Hello. What about Mike Granieri? Yeah. First thing for God, he didn't in the pole. And he died a couple of years ago for crying out loud. Oh, he was meant for. I'm not going. Yeah, the animal. Yeah. And big Wilson and Viltroder, Ryan people have died like 40 years ago. What about Franklin Roosevelt, huh? What about HV Countenborn? What about Mark O'Neill? Exactly. Sigh. Oh, man, are they good today? And South Florida, finally, they're waving the white towel, maybe the white flag of surrender. They're just giving up. We got no material, New Year. Too bad. What else is new? I'm starting to enjoy it my whole day. If you're really enjoying it, is it so much less work for me, you know? I'm getting too old to sit here and bap bap bap bap bap four hours every thinking day to hell with that crap. No way Jose. Bap bap bap bap bap all the way. I could do. Maybe one day I'll just pay that the whole day. I was at a loop it, baby. You're going to loop that. Put it on loop bap bap bap for like four hours. I will get loopy from it. I'm going to be on the front page of the Washington Post. WDQAM, hello. Leo. Yes. I love your show. Particularly when you in. George, pick on these. Sanatico religion is. I was riding home yesterday from work and I hit the break. Just stopped the from it in the guy in front of me. I look at my rear view mirror and I see the girl coming up behind me and she's not looking out the windshield. And finally, realize is that I'm stopped. She's slammed on her breaks. And she's just barely stopped before she's the back of my car. Yeah. She's coming around to pass me on the right side and you should have heard the language coming out of this chick's mouth. Yeah. As she progresses ahead of me, there's a bump back to her on her car. I hope that the pickers with the face and the keep abortion is murder and all. Right. But the fanatical religion. Right. Holy hateful. Sal, right. Damn it. Rubbish. God bless you, pal. I'll pray for you. Let's say a brahava for this guy. Okay. Mahruhata. No. I don't know how all the hussain. Right. Exactly. I know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I'm sure I'd like me starting to talk a tiny words down to what they mean. I didn't know a few of them though that I can't see any of it. And I listen to that Bobby Brown thing. If you listen to it in Q, you'll see why I'm not playing out in the air. It's the worst bleep in the history of a career of bleeping man. It's the worst bleeping bleep I have ever heard in my life on the digital editor. Well do it again. Because I like that. It's a great song. All right. Right. It's a big song. It's a great song. But the problem is it's got a real bad effin' it with a really bad bleep. It's got a bad effin' bleep. WQAM. Hello. It's C. It's C. WQAM. That's a terrible roll call. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Am I on line and doesn't exist or not on any line? WQAM. I can't tell you. I know. QAM. HALAM. That was hard boy. Yeah, that was fanboy. That's a fanboy. That's GF5 by the way for anybody who wants to know. They used to work in our sales department. Hi, I'm Palmy. And we've got rid of them, but not soon enough. That's his new hobby now. Instead of going out and selling, maybe instead of eight and three or four lunches, maybe his friend's day live, although I really doubt all. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, you talk about pathetic man. That's you, Palmy. Puffetic. You and your boyfriend, your ex-never. Sad, tragic. You know, I'm sure that, you know, regular listeners, people listen for a long time. Realize that this show is like a substitute for a life because a lot of these people, you know, this stuff is all for the king of the, this is their life. I know. Now, if this show was my life, I got news for it. I'm going to get a person blow my brains out if I could find them. Very sad. I'd leap off my building and blow my brains out on the way to have no line. That is correct. But nevertheless, I'll still take the checks. Thank you. 20 to 1, 1240 at 5, 60, WQA. I mean, really need to go. X-Lax can help. When you really want to go, go with X-Lax. Go. Sack. The star of the creation. It is the death of the dead. It is the death of the dead. It is the death of the dead. It is the death of the dead. It is the death of the dead. It is the death of the king of the dead. Jesus was burning so I could close it. I could keep it for being burned. Oh, my God, my God, my God. You may do me again. And you will not let me go. Oh, my God, my God, my God. You may do me again. Oh, my God, my God. Oh, my God, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it? How far is it?