Hey! Stench of power manure! Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. That's a good thing. Bell Buffalo has a football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks they're great. I say, they really are. The Buffalo builds on an upper one. See what I mean? So just sing along. When you sing my enemy, When you say Buffalo Super Bowl, Buffalo builds, Buffalo builds. That a greatest team in the history of human race. That a Buffalo builds. That a greatest team. Since lies, bread and can't be. Yeah, there you go. And yet, and yet, jazz up that redneck stuff. Delicited at Benjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. When you say Buffalo builds, it don't sound so rednecky doing. Everybody sing along now. Are you Bill fans? Here we go. Well, the Buffalo builds are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a few times. Which is what I can say for this. It's come second season. And they're at the greatest. Has they really like their uniforms? They sure is hell. Be the heck out of having a fish on their helmet. They're just standing out of Buffalo Hall builds. They're best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They ought to Buffalo builds. Not Buffalo builds. The whole gym, tell me the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody. Not Buffalo builds. They're the Buffalo builds. And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, they're the Buffalo builds. Buffalo builds. What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish? Or an elephant? It's towed to a farer patriot. How about having a patriot as a pet? Like maybe Tom Brady. Ten-oh-two at five, sixty. Oh, there he goes again. Georgia's on vacation this week. And we got the Josh Cortison Miguel with us today. Josh is here for the time being. What are you laughing about? Nothing. So Josh had a great time in Tahoe. He tried a wheel for it and they slot machine. He put in 40 bucks and he got squad. He got all my ass. Yeah, I had a bad day yesterday too. Or nearly I don't go on Sundays. But the last couple Sundays have been okay. So I figured well, why don't I? You know, I've fought in all that money. And I lost my ass. So not real bad. I was losing my ass. I got half of it back on the $5 machine mine. But anyway, see you try and 40 bucks and got nothing. Yeah, I got nothing. But Tahoe's, I never been to Tahoe. I totally had the one time. Right now, I guess I was a Sacramento on vacation one year. Many of me that moves ago. And I was driving up to Tahoe and I took the wrong turn. There's a fork in the road and it says, Lake Tahoe this way and then Lake Tahoe that way. And if you go one way, you're going to the city and the casino. And if you go the other way, you're going to the lake. That's right. There's north and south. Right. Well, I went the wrong way and I drove up around those unbelievable mountains, man. And there's one spot in a mountains where you have to come to a complete stop. Or you're going to go right over the edge of a cliff. Yeah, if the company was stopping, then make like a sharp left turn, then go on around beautiful scenery. Man, all these people kayaking and canoeing and whatever it is we're done. Yeah, it's a nice place, man. There's some snooty people out there. A lot of rich, you know, snooty people. Really? But, now what was this thing? You were supposed to do a little homework. And I noticed you're trying to postpone the inevitable, but it won't work. We have four hours. But what was the deal with your research on who was playing the machines? Playing the sloths? Well, okay. It was old ladies. And I know you think I'm making that up, okay? No. I will say on Friday there were a couple younger women. That's fine. But, you know, I don't want to take a jab at you, but I saw a lot of guys like you. I saw about, you know, a sickle. Yeah, yeah. To play in the sloths, man. Well, this is the daytime. Yeah. At night, too. Well, so maybe that's Tahoe. Maybe there's just a bunch of old farts there. Now, anybody that's been to Vegas, including you, knows that when you go into casino, you see tons and tons of people are willing to... Forget about women. There's all kinds of people. There's young guys, there's old guys, there's young women, there's old women, there's all kinds of people. Middle-aged people, people you don't want to smell. All this stuff. Innovation, which, why? You don't just reminds me of, well, let me just start off by telling you one other example. Oh, and let me also apologize to myself. I don't need to apologize to anybody else or to gravel or... I mean, this last two weeks of my life has been so insane. And only because of my own stupidity, you know? And thanks to Miguel, what a stupid, my space page. Nice place. Let me tell you right now, my space is primarily for kids. Okay, it's for teenagers. And it's primarily for people that don't have the ability to meet people, like out in person in the place face to face. That's what my space is all about. People with their fantasy lives, okay? So all this other stuff I've been going through and again, I finally, I'm figuring out what I've been dealing with here and you know, that's fine, okay? Have a great life, okay? Keep us, girl, with people. And I don't know who you're hiding from, but we'll find you. Everybody will find you. And again, Saturday morning, I get up early, I'm going to go out to a bin and before I go, I check the M.I. space thing and sure enough, here's an email. Well, you know me, I never check email from the audience. Well, just lately. But I'm very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very lonely. And I'll be better, but I'm going to move. So here's an email from a guy, a listener, Harry Indy Troy, okay? Well, Harry's an expert on my life. And he, and he proceeds to give me a song to dance about well, I know you're obviously very lonely and about to be better, but I'm hoping what you need to do is find some, you're a cute young guy and use him and abuse him in this garden and go on to the next one. I have never read such swirls. So out of touch with me in my life. I mean, this guy knows from nothing. He's a listener. So anyway, it just piss me off. So I emailed him back. Not real hostile, but just saying, you know, you know what you're talking about. I'm at least bit lonely. I wasn't looking for any aggravation in my life and have a great life. I go to wood by not come back, having broken even on Saturday, which I, all right, not bad. Come back a few hours later. Here's another email, of course, from Harry, because once you start doing the fine, these people will be responsible for like other old, realistic young dudes. I never reply to them. Will you listen to me? Now he, he, he told me ignores what I said in the previous message. This is why emailing is a former communication is a waste of time because people respond to whatever parts they want to and they have the parts that they're embarrassing that they made fools of themselves. They just pretend that they didn't see it or they didn't see it or they didn't ignore it. So now he goes into a thing about, I need to see the Al Gore movie and Al Gore this and Al Gore, and he's given me a political dialogue, a whole song in advance. Then he says, when I hear you talk about the slots on the air, so it just makes me laugh when you start talking about strategy with the slots. It's a silly, and you need to take a back-handed. And this is a guy by the way, tells me his big thing is golf. And although he agrees with me that watching golf on television is ponderous, he's a big golfer himself. So now he goes into a thing about how I need to take a back-handed. And I could be like Tiger Woods in the back-handed champion. I don't know what he's talking about. I don't even know what back-handed is, dude. You know what it is? It's a board game, that's all I know. What is it? I could board it. Okay. Well, you know, Harry, if you enjoy back-handed or shuffleboard or whatever you like, great. I'm not going to judge you. I don't know you if that's how you spend your time in between golf games. Great. Had a great life. I'm not interested in back-handed. I'm not interested in getting other people advice on how to live their lives. I spend their money or their time. I go to woodland because it's recreation for me. It's fun. I enjoyed. Yeah, more often than not, you lose your ass, but I can afford to do that. Checkers are more fun. And guess what, Harry, I'm not leaving your ass in my will either. How do you like that? So anyway, totally out of the box. And you know, as usual, I got a big pile of stuff here. I'm prepared to do the show, but come to find out this morning that we have another QAM crisis going on. This radio station, this company, is so beyond description that if I, the audience wouldn't even believe it. It would make these last two weeks of emotional trauma that I've gone through personally because I'm a jerk. It would make that pale in a win significance. So I guess I'll have to try to do my best to convince the audience. Although regular listeners know what a joke is. It's been the Joyce business and all the other crap that's gone on. So now Greg Reed, who was unceremoniously tossed out a QAM, what was it on two years or is it a year? You're a girl or two. I've got a year. January, yeah. January, be a year. So power 96, dark staffs and problems have to do it. Put Joe Bell and charge both stations. So we bring Greg back again. Hey, Greg, you did such a great job screwing QAM. I'm up and leaving a mess for everybody to clean up. Now we're going to bring you back over to Power 96 and see if you can't mess that baby. I put that, uh, due to some music. Well, we're, we're a Tony music. Whatever George calls it. So he's over there now and I guess part of the game plan is to try to do everything he can to pull the carpet under from Joe Bell. Because it's not important that use of seed, but that the people replace you fail. Because then it makes you look better. Like you were a wheel genus and see what a jerk Joe is in about how the place is falling apart with a Greg and the idiotic. Even though the building is way up on tooled. You know, not that we have a great sales department or sales manager, but nevertheless, we had a lot of spots. In case the audience has noticed. So little Maddie Bell, who's another one of the PIMPS for Greg Weedow at Air at Pound 96, who's one of part of the Greg Weed for turnity and has been for years. He encounters Josh Cortis in the hallway one day. I don't want to tell the story wrong now. If I make any mistakes here, you can go. Uh, this was in his office. How did you line up in his office? He just got lost one day. Oh, gee, I'm in Maddie Bell's office. He said I need to talk to you. Right. And he offered Josh a job over in power 96. I want to go to try to understand. It's like if you have, I'm trying to think of an example. The all owned by the same company. I can't say, there's no other good example because they can't think of any other business where it would apply. Different departments, I guess. Different departments owned by the same company in the same building. And the one department is trying to hire a lot to even department. The one entity is trying to steal away an employee from the other one. And I'm turning it into competition as opposed to working together in harmony all for the same goal of getting big ratings and making a lot of money in the being successful yatiati. All right. So Maddie Bell offers Josh a job over there. Pound 96. And of course, now this totally unbeknownst to me. I mean, why the hell should I know anything about it since Josh is an important part of the show and has been for two years? Why should anybody discuss that with me? Now, Joe Bell gets one to this on QAM. Are you? Get a scorecard. Folks, you'll have to have a scorecard and a pencil with a bigger race or on to keep track of all this. Now Joe Bell says, Oh, I don't go over to Power 96. Josh, I'll max the offer to get you to stay QAM on the website. Not necessarily not on the Rogers show. No way. And so Josh says, Oh, OK, sure. But now I took a clock to set the note. He's got to go to Maddie Bell and Greg Reed, whom we already sure can't. So Maddie take him to job for Power 90. And say, Oh, Joe Bell, I made me an offer. I can't refuse to stay QAM doing some other stuff. Yatiati and thanks for the offer. But go away. Is that what you're going to have to do? Yeah, I guess so. I'm going to be a first by two of the clock. You already have heard about it, which is good that I'm talking about on the air. Is it good? Huh? Is it good? Yeah, well, save you the shock factor. Because he'll already be well aware of it. That's not grown over there. Josh ain't going over to the power, Greg, and Maddie. He ain't going to do that. Just what we need in fact, and he'll say, you know what's like, it's like, you know, your cancer goes into remission. And so you go out and start chainsmoking or something like that. I just, I never heard of it. Greg Reed and such a mess that he left a QAM and put the license in dire jeopardy that the let's bring it over to power. And see, I'm fact, maybe they can do the same thing over there. Maybe they can lose that license to. They're trying to lie to a lot of rap stuff. It's got a lot of language in it. You know what I mean? Like they already do. They're like they do and then, but then some more, some more. I mean, they bring back them all, put his ass on the door door door. Put some power under his ass. Okay, here's the appell from the weekend before we go away back into that. And also the crap. What you take on WQM's decision to candy at Kaplan Joe, there's another really nifty thing. Who said Kaplan 727? It's stupid. I hope they be considered 328. Just another shameful heartless QAM manageral decision to 88. I like it, but I don't listen very often because he's on 28, 220. Sorry, it will pack you sandwich 155. Make sure it's even national and kosher for Hanukkah. But wait, how about to Hanukkah guilt? Anybody want to send us several million dollars. Just another shameful heartless episode in corporate radio, 146. And I hate this pool. Only 36 out of 1900 votes, a mere 1.8%. They liked it. And they liked any K2, but his last show is this Friday night. The biggest name, the best time. And our happens is, hey, nobody's full name. We're gonna be helping them out more. Radio 560, you A.M. Oh, good. Oh, good. Eat a baguette, spin a jr. Or that's what you wish to say for. And they don't get to celebrate. Christmas. We are laughing. They are crying. They get to cry for a day. Yes. And no where on Christmas you're here. Hanukkah. Hanukkah. Hanukkah. Hanukkah. Every year you get past over. Shines. Shines. Shines. Set the moon. Set the moon. Cause you don't have Christmas day. Hanukkah. Hanukkah. Hanukkah. Binging. It's a pity. Mazotah. Mazotah. You got wrong. You got wrong. Cause you don't have Christmas day. You're fair. It's an 19 at 5.60. W. K. M. Happy Hanukkah. It's a week away from today. And whatever else you're celebrating. Happy atheist. Whatever. We're all going to burn in hell. 999 votes on the pool. I'll get back to the adult in situation, by the way, in the paper situation, and the football situation, and the Joe Bell situation, and the joy situation, and the reverse-beezly situation, etc. And the J.K. of situation, which there is name, Go away, J.K. of OK. Grow up already. Go away. Go have another drink. Let's see what this is. A fact that says. Speaking of situations. Here's another situation. The second annual big O. Lock Solid. How many Twitter irons Wednesday? We're looking for new on-rack toys to benefit the mommy children's hospital. There are drop-off boxes and all South Florida A.L. houses. Kendall Torewood and Ketsidei, Amazon Road just out of the 836. So there you go. Help the big O. Who is thing? Something good he does every year. We're at this time of the year. The rest of the year. Well, you know. That's the old big team. He's really not quite so. Lock Solid with thing. I love those files. It's time he gets a little more. Lock Lock Lock Lock. And it just makes me laugh very hard. And these days, who couldn't use a good land? Anyway, the pool today, 996 votes. Our goal is a thousand. And then, let me go in the Josh Takeover to show him a get to a thousand. And we got 996 already. I think we might get to a thousand today. If we're able to remember, Jeff Bush most for. And here's the choices. Helping his brother steal the 2000. Let's see 400 votes. His whole law breaking family 185. Including that. We're snorting daughter. Last no well. Interfring with the Terry and her. No, I'm her. She's right. Well, that too. 101. Overterning the voters on state of Amendment 64. The stupid F.K. 56 as an F.U. Jeff being a great guy 54. Right. His fat ass 30. 30 say. But third. The legit fat ass governor. That's what I voted. He's a fat ass. And all the other things too. His coax nording prescription forging daughter. No L 29. What about his smuggling wife? I guess they didn't make the poll. Opposing the last 20. Needlessly cutting down. What does that say? Or are my citrus trees 15? I say excuse me. Those citrus trees. Somebody's being on TV. Whenever there was a hurricane 15. Grandstand. Okay. Playing on human misery and desperation in fear. That's one thing the bush family does very well. The only thing we have to fear is the bush family. I hate this pool only 14.14% and being a right wing Goober as in Goober, third team. One of a chicken ex greatest lines of all time. Goober. That's why they called it Goober. Goober. And that buddy McKay. He was a real Goober. 1,000, 1 votes and it's not even 10 30. We are kicking ass. Of course I put this under yesterday. I don't know what time. Pretty early. I've no idea what time I changed the pool. But early enough so that we got a good head start for today. So I can leave now and Josh contend his mighty bell story. Interesting that it's Maddie Braal against Joe Bell. Huh? Who's going to come out of the sound of the bell? I don't think I have a bell. I got that bell. I don't like that one. Where is that in the DCS? Who's that on the M? Yeah. That's on the head a little shortcut here. Doesn't have a name to it. Yeah. Yeah. Price bell. Well, I'm on please. Maybe I have the price bell. No. Like that Maddie Bell. He's a real price. What do you think about him? No. I don't think so. Thousands of votes on the pool. So anyway, speak out of the dolphins. You know, it really, it just cracks me up. But then again, it's so typical and so predictable. And last week, I'm getting these calls. Oh, what happened here? Patriots near all the dolphins. 21, a patriot. Well, what happened here? Dolphins, man. Sounds to me like the same squirrel in this time. They're on the side. A goose egg in Buffalo. And they're listening to me for the umpteenth year in a row. That they're out of the playoffs. It often is officially now. And the Patriots, although it's not officially. Will win the division. They will be in the playoffs. And who else? Maybe another Super Bowl all by doubt it. But they sure kick Houston's as his day. Little girls team. But nevertheless, all these guys with their big mouth. My team beat your team. That makes me into a big shot. Yeah, right. Sure. Whatever you say makes you into a real big man. So anyway, getting back to it. Because I'm not one of those people that glotes. I mean, it's a ball game. That's all. It does make me any better. Any worse, whether my team wins your team loses. How about those make the leaves, man? Three in a row. Maybe. I lost seven or four before that. It's all, you know. Cockhouse, what it is. A bunch of ball games, bunch of job straps. So again, back to this job's court situation. Of course, this comes at a very propitious time for me because I've been to say, you know, thinking about this early retirement business. And maybe even counting the numbers. By the way, Jacob, thanks for, see, he doesn't even realize it. But he like planted the seed with all his devious, fun games and all his drunken buddies. Oh, you're sure get that meal. He's obsessed with the, yeah. Yeah, right. People that want to go online and play with other people's lives and careers in their emotions. And just, and the thing that that's amazed me the last week or so, I've heard from more different people. I know who've had similar experiences. So I don't take it personally like it's only me. Although I don't think I deserve it, but nevertheless, this seems to be a contemplation thing. Not always on the internet, but it's very often. It's an easy way to do it. Where people like to bring other people along and put on a good dog and pony show. And then they just vanish. Which if you will? Yeah, but to me the most cowardly. I mean, well, what is that all about? For cows, you know, people who will answer their phone calls, people who don't respond to emails, people who go into hiding. People that keep moving every three or four months like the bill collectors after something like that. They don't run from something. I don't know. Yeah, I certainly has crossed my mind. Anybody that age who's got supposedly responsible job who's Mr. Mystery and running and hiding and, the unlisted phone numbers and all of this, I don't get it. Nor do I care anymore. I got the cure last night. What's that? No, I told you already before the show. I had a friend of mine called his cell phone number and got hung up on twice. First time as Jacob, the second time as Jason, maybe if there would have been a third time, it would have been Jared, you know, Jared from the sub sandwiches they fed Queen the sun. But whatever. But there's a lot of mystery going on. Quite frankly, I don't care. I don't have time in my life for such nonsense. But indirectly, at least, all that source and grief caused me like we examine. You know, and then I also have, I also have email. There was another email on there. Maybe it was also that Harry guy forget. This has all been pretty Harry to me. About all of George has been like the Ed McMan, you all these years. And you're not going to leave me in your will. You don't worry about who I leave in my will. Okay, this all you know is the vastures out there that want to give me instructions on life and what to do with my money and where, get out of here. I'm taking good care of George for 16 years. Okay, him and chicken. I can a lot of other people. I don't need any instructions on who I should leave my money to or how I should treat people. I treat people pretty damn well. Okay, I wish I could say the same for all of them. George has been great. He's on vacation this week. By the way, and thank God for that. He doesn't need this added source. This grief, a finding out that once again, the new Roger shows that it's the carpet pulled out from other than by the beeslies. Thanks a lot, Joyce. And you too, Joe. You're doing a heck of a job. And a half hour conversation with Joe Bellas morning before the show. And I might turn enormous on there with him. Hope that two of them. Maybe how'd you like to be a fly in a wall for that conversation? That would be good. I'd like to be a fly in a wall and Matty Bell's office when you have to go in there and tell him, Oh, by the way, Matty, screw you. I'm going to stay in a QAM. You already broke the ice. Yeah, that's right. I'm making a lot easier for you now. See that? See the things I do? The things we do for love. And the things we do for our boat ops. Now you're okay. Then a fine job on the show. We'll miss you. Do a great job. But I'm out there. You and George, Joe, with your interplay and a four play and after birth and whatever you do. But let's say, you know, you got to do what's best for you. And if they're going to give you a lot more money to drag your ass off this show, I don't play me. I wouldn't have any hard feelings about it. In fact, I might drag myself off this damn show. Very soon. Soon. 1027 and 560 WDQMU. This is G Gordon Lde. And they don't come anywhere else. Then new Rogers. I am. I am. I am. And here we go again. Another losing season. That's never gonna. And they never. And they never will. And I will never know. Why Sports? I have no one to say. That's. There is. But I have no one to say. If you don't say. This is G Gordon Lde. And they don't come anywhere else. And they never. But I have no one to say. If you don't say. I have no one to say. I have no one to say. Why sports are a straighted victim? So when the Super Bowl is there, I am a dog for my amy dolphins My amy dolphins number, I'm in jeans and the lead. Good to be. I am a dog for my amy dolphins. I am a dog for the same old story as you. The dolphins are such losers. They really are quite lame. I knew it from the fairy scar. I watched up his work day. And did you see the wimpy way? It's safe and through that flag. Standing on the sidelines, He looked just like a bag and there the I am a dog for you. Fair, I am a dog for my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number, I'm in jeans and the lead. I am a dog for my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins, They're problems sick, they're them like blue. Absolutely. The dolphins lost a football wall and then He can't have seen it's only five year luck that they pulled out of victory. And then they played the Texans in almost made me sick. That's stupid to point past play. That's fumbling on psychic and there the I am a dolphin. My amy dolphins number, I'm in jeans and the lead. My amy dolphins, My amy dolphins, I'm in no barning needs to shoot. But dolphins can control the ball. They're running gamers flat. As for their execution, Well, I'd agree with that. They're always gone up low. We know that you can be sure. And when they lead the field, So have the stench of common door and there. But my amy dolphins, My amy dolphins number, I'm in jeans and the lead. My amy dolphins, My amy dolphins, If there's another shot of blue, I'm in no barning. No barning. But dolphins have no strategy. They play like idiots. Another couple games watched in the Patriots and Jets. I think they're all retarded. It's almost like they're cursed. Astro is in Taylor and backcom is which theme is the worst. And they'll say, I am in golf. My amy dolphins, My amy dolphins number, I'm in no barning. Who do they do? I am in golf. My amy dolphins, My amy dolphins number, I'm in no barning. Manly suck. That's pretty embarrassing. But nevertheless, So they've lost both games to the bills this season, right? That's right. Oh no. And 21 Zipo yesterday. I knew what happened to your Patriots. I don't know. It seems to me they beat the girls team. The same team that beat the dolphins earlier in the season. 40 to 70 is there. It could be wrong about that. And we're going to even work up a sweat if he asked me. Hey, see the bucks almost win man. Yeah, congratulations. They made a great comeback in and more. But that's their specialty this season. They made great comeback. And just when you think that they're going to pull out a game, they blow it in the end. Well, that's where it goes. And it doesn't really make a difference at this point. Now go for the draft pick man. Okay. Go for the graphic. Get Brady Quinn in there. I'll become a bucks fan. Not. Now we don't want that. I don't mind the bucks. They're all right. Could be worse. You could be a dolphin. Anyway, who's there? Somebody facts this in traffic on. And let me just mention one other thing before I get to the traffic checkpoint for Dany Beach to tomorrow. Another thing about the mice facing that McGill was so kind of set up first. And we got 800 and let me just take a look at it. We got a lot of friends. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. With friends like these. Well, by the way, we will find a Jacob. That make them a stick. Well, fine. You just to shake your hand. I'll ask you this. Both of you. You really think that even when this individual was communicating in the return of your nails and kissing my ass, do we think he was going to show up for lunch? Now I'm starting to say no. No. What do you think McGill? Negative. Oh. 800 and 62 friends. That's not bad for an old fact like me on my space. I'm basically for living and reading young people. And you know, they all want to talk to you too. No, no. None of them want to talk to me. That's one good thing. In fact, a lot of them probably have some useful information they could tell me about this last latest episode of psychosis. But they don't do it because they're all like in. It's like a fraternity. Except for Harry and Detroit. You know, who knows that I'm very lonely. And I should be playing back in the nettle sob. My problems. Harry, get a life. He's silly old person. You see a little queen. Anyway, be all and the other thing I'll start to say is the wonderful thing about my spaces that once you post your profile on there, you can hear from anybody. Which of course is the idea? That's the idea is that all these people are trolling on there. And of course, maybe you're talking to somebody a date line. And it's going to make you very famous or whatever the deal is. So, you know, when I went on the air with all this business, one can only begin to imagine some of the crazy people who must have been like all over Jacob's email on it on the Hotmail page on the Myspace. Sure, but like that. Right? All of your friends. All 800 of them. Well, since I had no, I'm not talking about those people. Just anybody out there and then the nettle be one of the friends. Anybody can go on there and click on somebody's profile. That's true. No. Oh, I stay away from the amnesia crazy person. He's going to bless you. Right? Kind of hard to molest a 32 year old guy, but nevertheless, BSO deputies will conduct a traffic chat or check for an operation tomorrow from 7 p.m. 10 p.m. in the 300 block of DC highway or the 50 200 block of the Southwest 40th Avenue, both in Danyabesh. I don't know what that really means. Or is that mean both either ran out of the same thing? That's not my area. I don't know. No, I don't either Danyabesh. Well, that probably can't be too often for from our friends at Jackson's Ice Cream, which we do love them. See, if I say that, maybe they'll bring in some more ice cream. Now, what do you get? I'll put that in my pile. I'll make sure to get them. I'll put that in my pile. I'll make sure that they're in my house. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll put that in my pile. I'll make sure to get them. 862 friends in our micepace. By the end of the year, we watched a damn well have a 900. Look at that. It's a biffy tag. I'll give it from a good ol. I'm going to tell you this Brian Schmutz. And he's coming back. He's going to drop in ourselves. He's going to drop in our self-department. He's going to drop in something. He's going to drop in something. If you've got a broom, we can help us clean it up. You are really amazing. Brian, let me tell you. Let's see. There's that original piece of copy. The day on is March 21st. Alright. March. Wow. But we're just marching ahead moving forward as people inside the building do everything in their power to screw with us to screw with QAM and to screw with Port Jovel. Show you a good guy. But I think you're a little over your head. You're drowning in a sea of powerlessness. So we'll see if this deal sticks. Maybe you'll go in there and make your counteroff and say, hey, what do you get 200,000 a year a Josh just to get you off your QAM? And I'll say to screw over Jovel. I'll say, oh, right. Yeah. Sign where do I say, where do I sign? Where do I sign? On the dotted line. And it'll be just fine. Let's see what we got in this pool today. I'm way off my feet. And of course, I have been the last two weeks to it. And like I said, course you're out in Tahoe last week. So you weren't aware that there was a second chapter in Wallace. Miguel knows because he's feeling pains of guilt for practically destroying my life at my space page. Even though that wasn't his intent. Yeah, what? No, was it? In other words, you're in Cohuz, would you like a buzz out to deal? Yeah, I know. You had no. And it's my bad luck. I've told so many people these last two weeks. There was an any listener that I can think of over to all these 30 almost 31 years in Tahoe. There's nobody else that could have played me like a fiddle like that. Got me all emotional. And I still don't know what it's all about. I don't know this person. Who the hell needs him? We'll find you, though, Jacob. Believe me. We will find you. And when we do find you will take a look at that driver's license. And I sure hope it's got a corner dress. 1050 on a pool. 1050. CHUM Toronto. WMGM. Peter Tripp, the curly head of kid, the third row. And W810. Who now used to be on W810? I'm trying to think. Well, somebody. Look at all them phone calls, man. Coming in. I'm sure that we want to take a lot of calls today. What do you think? Experts have to allow a day. Although I will tend to this. Wednesday and Thursday and George could testify if he was here. But he's not. We had a lot of really good calls. Wednesday for whatever reason they decided they were all going to kiss my ass. I think out of sympathy because they felt so sorry that I was going through all this trauma from being shined by some punk out there. And you're not in someone to play with my life and would assure like a play to it. Oh, I don't believe you. What? No, seriously. We had a lot of really great calls Wednesday and Thursday. Different people, new people. And then, of course, we also had a lot of good things. But then again, that's the beastly eff and way, man. Does this company just, uh, they can't get it done. What these people, though, about radio, uh, you could, you could make an Encyclopedia out of the stuff that they don't know about radio. In fact, what they do know about radio, if you put in a thimble and have them, they know how to make money. I'll say that. They do know how to make money. And so I think we've reached another crisis point where you're a QM, we're internally. We have a warfare. We have the warfare of the bells. Joe Bell against Maddie Bell. Where's that prize bell song? Come on, you can do it. There it is. The battle of the bells. And what's that Christmas song? The, uh, the Browns, the bells, three little bells. What was that song? That, uh, that, that, that, what is that? You always talking about old song? Old song? Hmm. Well, somebody will know. Some old fart like me, chicken echo, no. That, uh, I'll look it up in the book during the break or not. I'm taking some other interesting information during the break. 19 before 11 at 5.60, WQM, it's lobster face back on that guy Josh's back We had an improvised last week. What do you mean? We had a drop in. See him. Like that, see. See him. See him. See him. And George. We had a drop in. See him. Another one. See him. And another one. Where are you exploding ball? 4-hole radio 5-16 WQM presents. Two broad cast dynamos. 4-hole for 12-hole and 20. I can't hear you, honey. It's so me. I'm just going to be on a couch in the east. Now I don't have a prince of mine. I need my town. I don't need to sit close. I'm on my mobile. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm stuck in the elevator. Yeah. I got one of the top of the elevator. Because it crossed the bottom, it's a scale. Good thing I'm big and poor. I think you're already. Well, they call it on those other people. They call it in a manner. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to watch you. And we meet all the way, everybody. Okay. Wow. You are big and strong. Yeah, but I'm bigger and strong as a new. I watch out. I jack you look and baby. I don't feel like I'm any more now. I don't know. I'll teach you a mercy. I do a guy's not not me. I'll hear a call. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, I thought it'd be. Oh, and he is, but nevertheless, so speaking of guilty, I still haven't received any kind of a message from him. I would assume since the Panther organization and the team is in town here to play the Leafs tomorrow night at the Air Canada Center. I would have thought this is a bit of a golden opportunity during the Khanica during these holidays for guilty to call me and invite me. Yeah, you there. Uh, hello. What does that mean? Oh, you got cut off? Wow. What do you mean I got cut off? That was pretty cool. Oh, I was scared. Oh, actually, what's the problem? Just for about three seconds. Three seconds? Yeah. Yeah. Well, in the middle of that spot, the guilty spot he dropped on. I was at on your end. There was at just my on this. Wow. So we're having some technical difficulties. I didn't notice. I thought we were having emergency Friday night. I came in here to send some 80 million bedtime stories to the air. Since he was doing them last week, Josh was on vacation. Yes. And most of the lights on this, uh, tell us you know, we're out. You know, these green lights on his box that all have to be on into King that were hooked, uh, the line is working from here to there and there to hear it. So you're having some problems. Are you going to start that again? No, no, no, no. Listen, I know it's over here. It's not even a question. But the good news is that again, uh, yesterday they were back on. So maybe they were doing like a little maintenance or something like that or maybe there was like a bolt of lightning or something happened. You know, so maybe all of a sudden I like, uh, there we go. I'm like, this is here. And you'll never know. You'll have no way of not seeing that. That's the beauty. That's the great advantage I have is that if I just decided to get up and put my clothes on a walk out and go to the room. You'd launch and just take a nice stroll. It's not a bad day. If you would never know the difference. Right. I could say, correct. They've already done it. And you wouldn't have anywhere. No. See the line dropped out. Oh, poor nearly must be sitting there having a fit. No. Not more than usual. By the way, that that song, the three bells that Jim had brown and the brown. Thank you so much. That's it. The three bells. That's it. Very depressing song. More than and of course we never heard from them again. Thank you. Well, we only got the two bells. We got Maddie Bell and Joe Bell. And we got your mama bell. Well, maybe we want to take a few of these calls. I don't know because I got my. You want to see how good they are. You know, he said they're better. See, you don't believe me, do you? We have to be 50 calls last week. No. WQAM. Hello. And this box is like acting up. With a nail. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? I'm listening to you for about nine years. And you're the best. You should be a professor. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Hey, what happened? Maybe I can go. My next job after I hang this microphone up in a few days. You really? Do you really hate Miami that much. Once you move back here, like doing my time show or something. Yeah. You're right. And I listen, at least that was somebody different. It was like a real personal. Yeah. Don't be so negative, man. Just because you were out in the top of the last 40 bucks at a bad machine, man. Don't be so hostile. And I'm like, what are you care? You're going to be making a big bucks now. We're going to free their man. Boxing take both jobs. That's a good idea. Medi-bell and Joe Bell. Then you can leave me in your will. How's that? WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Maybe Joshua and I patch. You're going to get more respect over there. Go Josh. I'm behind you back, doggy. Woo! See what I say. Oh boy. You're people, man. Woo. Who is it that we have in I patch? I don't understand. What does that mean? I have no idea. Well, Chris, I didn't say that they would be rational. Make any sense. Hey, it's a week before Christmas is in a little Chimoo community. How much of a Hanukkah girl, huh? Send me a billion dollars. Everybody leave me in their will. I still, you know. I don't know what the hell this was all about these lies. Maybe I'm going through, you know, they talk about middle life crisis. Maybe I was going through a late night cry. A life crisis. You think that's it? Maybe, maybe, maybe I needed that. Maybe in a way, somebody who's been. Stopped up. Do it with it. Hello. Yeah. This is my effect. Maybe I'll lay something. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Sound great. Hear me at all? Yeah, I hear you now. There you go. Hello. Yeah, I'm here. So how we were out again for like 30 seconds or something like that? You got to hurt me. I had a cool little effect going on over here too. We were like, you know, in like a tunnel. Yeah. You know, where'd you could hear me, but it sounded like I was in a tunnel. No, I couldn't hear you. We thought I like sounded like we were in a tunnel. Oh, I want you? The tunnel loves. That's correct. That's right. Well, I said just about to say, I don't know. I have no idea. I don't know. You could be that important. That was involved. They all got. And he's trying to like chop me off so that I don't just throw it all down the toilet right here on the ear. I'm ready to do. I told Joe Bell this morning. I said, and this is interesting. I said, you know, I was prepared. I could do the show blindfolded to be honest. If I didn't have to read this stuff, I could just pretty much do a blindfolded. My hands tied behind my back, which is when you work for the beesleys. Your hands are always tied behind your back. I said, I was prepared and you heard me say this on the air a couple times. That I was going to continue working till I croaked. You know, it's not a big deal. I don't have a big fact. I'm going to come in and twice a month. And I was ready to do that. And he said, oh, well, let's go ahead and do that. I said, yeah, but I'm not planning on croaking any time the next couple of weeks. You know, well, I mean, he just doesn't get it. He means well, he's a nice guy, but they're going to do everything in their power to make sure that he fails. And of course, one of the best ways to do that is screw with his show and have me just, you know, kind of run off and disappear and go into hiding. I know how I can consult him. How to do a good job with that. Going into hiding. W2AM, hello. Yeah, I remember how to case with recto edge. That feels so good. Yeah, I've had some real bad directo edge. Okay, especially after calls like that, because they're real pain in the recto. recto. 5 6 7 0 5 60. See, and Josh is thinking, oh, boy, there's nothing to go to. But there were some very nice calls Wednesday and Thursday. And I think when I announced my last show, I think we'll probably have some real old genial. Yeah, right. Get those life will go on. Okay, and so forth, as such as it is. I'm going to come back and do a nighttime show in Miami. You'll see. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I'll be your boy toy and you'll be my sugar daddy. Yeah, okay. Ah. W2AM, hello. I'm learning. Yeah, see, like I told you, they're good. What do you laugh at about your brain? And that's pretty much the end of it. That kind of takes care of the calls for today. Well, I mean, it's the week before Christmas for Christ's sake. I'm sorry. 1085 in a pool of 185 votes. I'll remember, Jim Bush most for helping his brother steal a tooth. You know, this pool has got something. I pull one to listen to say that in the night. I thank him for that. But it's got so many long answers that it takes about five minutes to read the name. Poll, which is a good way to kill some good time today as opposed to those nifty calls. I remember Bush, Jim Bush, most for helping his brother steal the 2000 lesson. 30 years outside the 436 said that. His whole all breaking family to a one. Interfering with Terry and her. Q 1008 overturning the voters on state amendment 66. The stupid F.C. had 64. Being a great guy 57. His big fat ass 35. His post-norting prescription 14. God or Nicole 33. Opposing the slots 22. Being on TV whenever there was a hurricane 18. Needlessly cutting down those citrus trees 16. I hate this pool only 15 and we're 1.3%. And being a right wing, Google as in Google in the turtle 14. I guess I got to put play that bit. Where I says Google in the turtle. Let the Talahessi and I'll see. I think that's the one that's maybe it's not. I think it is. We'll find out though after the break going. We're still communicating because I heard. Who do you think we're promoting right now? I got a little music on key. If ready to go. Stand by. Stand by for more QM technical incompetence. It's not on this and I guarantee that. Whatever kind of hanky spanky is going on on this line. It's strictly on your end. Just like that thing with his tell of thing. I've put it about the life. It was all on your end because I reset my thing here and nothing happened. So everything here was hunky dory. Like Jim dory to use to play for the least. Well, I sure like Dool Jim dory man or young Jim dory back in the day. But that's another error. I don't know. I can't live in the past. I called you Dolphins man. I'll use sports guys that live in the past. Very sad. This is in the fan. The I don't think they realize. When you out there and you might just affect that chair. Losing whether the fuck don't sit on the way. That's all they care about. Yeah. Hey. Have a great day. What leaves going on in the cram? Well, they care about what's that. Oh, it's just, you know, repeating what he said. What do you, yeah, is that what he just said? He said boot. He didn't say boot. If you said, well, we reboot this whole thing. All right, anyway, I was going to play some hockey stuff at the R&D commercial break. Which is a good idea. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your play. What? Any questions? Oh, no, don't go in there. You hear my stomach level. I'm just mumbling. I'm just mumbling. I'm just mumbling. I'm just mumbling. I'm just mumbling. You're hitting holes from work. Lage one line when they form a line of a fast food line. They pulled in and gave their order to the girl. And the next thing you know, they started to learn. And I go out. This time, it started to flow. It started to go out. Put burning inside their throat. It's out of style. That's when they started to flow. Not feeling well. Have the beanberry cold. It's lost within the curse of the kids to be on. That's causing all of this dire real. But long of the thick are going to die. They're just in a bad case of ecolon. From top of the house. They're coming started to flow. It's not going out. I'm burning inside their throat. It has now. That's when they started to flow. Not feeling well. Have the beanberry cold. You should have picked it down to Lupa. You might not have to be. But super. Next time you pass the signs they know. Even though it's grilled. So it's good to go. Throw up the people got sick and wish they'd stay on the gun. So they could hunt down the people who can't go outside the farm. The pain from the crab. They felt deep in their gut. So next time they'll show so to be. Not my go-bal. They're coming started to flow. From top of the house. They're burning inside their throat. And they're at a stop. That's when they started to flow. Not feeling well. From the beanberry cold. And talk about. It's not going to go. It's not going to go straight. You can get some for the holidays. Baby, go on one of those pieces. We've got over 100 hosts on the floor. And this right a week before the holidays. How do you like that? Right a week before retirement. I think New Year's Day will be good day for me to hang it up. Or let's see. What day is New Year's Day? I believe it's a Monday. Yeah, it's two weeks from today because it's always the Monday after the week after Christmas day. So what's the deal on New Year's Day? Do we have like ball games to see? Nobody tells us anything. Like this morning before the show after Josh announced to me that he was leaving the show because Greg Weed and Eddie Bell are can having to try to make sure Joe Bell fails and screw up the show. He says to me, is anybody working with us today? I said, I don't know. Nobody tells me. I don't know. They have our good host friend Miguel and they're so we can talk about, oh, let's see. There's a story about Castro for Miguel. Do you want to hear it? He's not terminal. I heard it. Are you sobbing? Yeah. We're simply pretty bummed about it, huh? Folks. Love about six on a pool. They've got over learn her votes on your fat ass. I'm going to cover and then we can get our gay. Governor in for the New Year. Miss Chris. Cuban officials told her group of visiting US lawmakers that Fidel Castro does not have cancer or a terminalist. And the most comprehensive denaliative rampant rumors about the A-ling leaders health. I think he's good. The head of the US delegation said yesterday, US representative Jeff Flake. Huh? And Arizona Republicans have given officials did not provide further details on 80 year old leaders health, but did say he'll eventually be turned to public life. All the officials have told us that his illness is not cancer nor is it terminal, and he'll be back like told to AP in a telephone interview. Castro has medical conditions been a state secret since the end of an surgery for intestinal bleeding in late July, and temporarily he's seen and powered with his younger brother, Raoul. He has been seen publicly since July 26. Oh, I just farted real bad, Miss chair, that's bad. I think that's a message from God. Jesus Christ. Human officials have repeatedly insisted the other cancer is recovering, and vice president Carlos Lagi previously dismissed reports that the leader was suffering from stomach cancer, but officials have not rumors that it can have another type of cancer or some other terminal illness. Terminal baby. Come in, Dread. Dio, what kid dead Fidel? And then like I said, that'll be the day that we've waited for. All these green teeth who just been waiting for the day went to the health croats. And if you go back on a new way, gene, we'll see how fast they happen. It was done and it boats and get out of town. How get out of the Dodge? Get out of date? How many of you think you're going to blow back Miguel if he dies? Met two men? Yeah, maybe. The recent ones. The recent ones that just came over are the old green tooth ones that have been screaming for 40 years about they want to go back. You know, the people who have just been like, you know, they're just lodging here and Dave County. We're not per here permanently. We're just lodging until they have murdered one croats. Right. Come on. He's the communist to any audio. Same old tight crap. Look at that phone, baby. They are on fire. Not. I mean, nothing. Like I said, the good calls came in Wednesday and Thursday. That was it for the holidays. Come on. Let me hear some of those. Let's see if we get any. Okay. Now they're not going to call back. I mean, what do you mean? They're not chronic. That's the whole point. They were just rational, nice people being know whatever they were friendly for the holidays, which you know. And I just... They're just looking at up. No, not. Rational, nice people. They were wonderful people. They were kissing kissing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WDQ, WAM, hello. Hey, I got to my observation. Well, like I said, yeah, as if we didn't already know that. But I dumped it anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. 3DQ, WAM, hello. 5, 1. Like I said. WDQ, WAM, hello. Oh, man. We're drumming here. Comfort pump. What are you doing with the apothea, when I phoned? That wasn't him. That was mostly me. I thought you were going to kill it. So it was going to be you, too. Well, why was going to kill it? Do you start to get the Josh Aides now? Are you like Johnson to give his job? Well, because your box wasn't working properly, so... What do you mean by that? There's nothing wrong with my box. So he was going to worry about my box. And I still had an arm from kill to you about lunch or dinner. You don't want to buy me nothing. I'm talking about. I'm friendly, huh? I mean, look at all the nice things I said about that. It's with you voice to the quick, huh? And here he comes to Toronto and don't even want to like air can fabulous. And we could go on about... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why are you winding us to your air every day? Every time I come to town. I see Gully in a hall. Ah, geez. I don't know how I can go on. No, no, no, no. Just crying up the storm. And now of course, he's got those panthers, but even though they didn't beat the Bruins the other night, they're enough to make you crap a storm, too. That, they don't make the playoffs. How many years since the Dolphins were in a playoffs, about 100? It's been a little bit. I think it's the broadcast, right? Since Jimmy's syphilis has been broadcasting the Dolphin games, they don't make the playoffs no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I think since what's his name got screwed over? What's his name? Doosimfer. Who did he? He was a good guy. I mean, he was okay. He was in a great broadcast. We did a pretty good job. He was good. And of course he in a bad dog. Got a long way. But, of course, since Mr. Weaver, I've got the answer for the Dolphin Wozman, all you Dolphins, big up the body, Rick Weaver, prophesized up there in the broadcast booth, waving a white hanky. In fact, you can have a mole up there. All the most busy rooting for the jets, I'm sure. It doesn't need to do games on some horseball in it. We're the nobody ever heard. Yeah. Plus, of course, he's on a 50 now on a weekend, just doing his stick. WQI-M, hello. There's one of the better ones. I sort of did this in good ones, you didn't believe me, didn't you? WQI-M, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? This is John from the Skyline Shilling and Sunrise. Hey, Skyline Shilling. One of my favorites. Hey, John, how's it going? Pretty good. Pretty good. I just wanted to invite you and Jacob to come down, you know. And also, while he's here, ball the best friends forever. Okay. How's it going? Okay. What did he say? He was in a white union friend to come all down. My friend. I don't, you know, I don't want to go back into it again. It was very sad and very tragic. And then, even with somebody out there who's obviously got some issues, I don't know what they are, nor do I care anymore. And all the only thing I would say is that I feel personally, the great and humiliated and embarrassed, if you could, you would cry. Because, you know, first of all, the crying, which I don't know what that was all about. Just depressed, you know. Like somebody going out of their way to wound you and somebody I don't give a crap about in the first place. But the stuff that I wrote, the self-deprecating apologizing, silly old queen, garbage, and I wrote, and for what? What the hell do I have to apologize for? Am I right? Absolutely is what I would say. Absolutely. Yeah, that. But nevertheless, and that's another reason. This whole mice facing. And you know something, there has yet to be anybody. And we got these eight hundred and sixty two friends on there. And of course, maybe he doesn't have any of those people as friends or that's luck for them. But I have yet to read anything from anything. Except from hearing the Detroit, that's tell me I should play back and stuff playing the slots. And how he likes to plot when he hears me talking about this slots. Guess what, Harry, I'll play whatever the hell games I want to play. You will play your back end and your shuffleboard and go out there and play golf. You know what kind of people are played golf? People are bored. I could agree with that. Yeah, that's the kind of people I go out there and have a couple of pops, you know, and a, uh, love an I read in 17 votes on the full man. Pretty heavy duty about your outgoing fat ass governor. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, now I am doing. Okay, sir. Two things. First of all, is there any pops of smoke on edge meeting with the management or Friday? Nine, and haven't been told a word. Nothing. Okay. Second thing, you know, the bush, on the bush, obviously, the department from four trillion to eight trillion. The biggest scandal was to find out how much these guys got out of that four trillion that they took out of the economy. And then they want to investigate and they say, well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you shouldn't investigate. But the biggest rape of the public was taking four trillion dollars. And then when it, when it Democrats raise a few dollars, like, Dean, raised 40 million bucks and make a big deal out of Dean, raised and $40 million when they took four trillion. Well, maybe, maybe a deal leave me in as well. What do you think? Uh, that's what I thought we should all leave you in or well. There you go. I'm in constant, kind of, Bruce Lee asked for the people who left in the will or something. I don't know, did he? Yeah, I think. I would have thought of anybody to last him in the will. He could've got a better hairpiece. That's it. Thank you, David. Have a great day, pal. Happy holidays. See you from your good close friends at WQA, and we're so screwed up that even I can't believe it. I thought I knew something about this place. I knew nothing until I liked this morning. And then, uh, I mean, you, Mel and Joe Bell. I will say this. He called me really fast. And you know, something he was probably expecting an email was some kind of a message from me like a hostile phone call. Because he knew you were going to come in at this morning, Josh, and say, oh, I guess what? I'm going to be off the show, uh, soon because, you know, everybody in the building is harming. Which is great. I'm happy for you to serve it. Thank you. I'll follow it for slots. Well, yeah. I'm so addicted now. Hey, listen, I mean, you put 40 bucks in there, you know, well, what is that? Listen, and I got another after. Now that you're making the big bucks, you can go and get a good machine. Mine, you can be a serious player. Listen, I lost 40, but after I lost 10, I was bored with it. Yeah. So it's not for you. I've said it was a fantastic game. It's called back game. If you want to get on a Myspace page and leave a message, you're hearing from Detroit in between his golf games. How much are you like you up the storm? Although I'd be very wary about him, you know? Start playing Maja on too. I'd be real nervous about Harry from Detroit because he wants to find some young cute guy and use him in a museum. I don't think you're what he's looking for. Ha ha ha. At least he's not what you're looking for. I'm sure that. You're yeah, you're definitely sure. I'm right. 12 minutes after we're loving it. Five sixty WQM we got the mad dog at two. We got the power hour with the huffer in the mad dog at four Hank solo five to seven and they'll be commissarate about how the dolphin suck. And then you got hurricane hotlines. Mommy and you will football award back with it. The shirt and Mommy Mart Hotel at seven o'clock tonight for two hours. And the beast. I'm going to 10 fall by one of the last any case shows. I tend to clock tonight. Any case final week. And then the guy called and asked and I wish I could give you an answer. Nobody tells us anything. Just like Josh court is going off the show which I have to find out from him this morning before I go on the air and then have a half hour phone call without general angler Joe Bell to try to go but it be better but about and have a great life Joe and I'll see you know who the hell needs this you know when he come right down to it. And then he says to me our children joined doing the show at all as if I said yeah I don't have any problem doing the show but it's not my life. It's a radio show. This isn't my life. If this is my life I do a Howard beer right now blow my brains out on the air. At least what he was threatened doing and they did it for him and he asked for a interview. I never got that front of movie. Did you know I did I remember that? Did you see the movie where that big rosy weird guy like stood up and was that the great I'm at con a con I couldn't do a more or that some other guy. I don't remember. Was he wearing a Husband Choco that's the question. This is Christmas you don't want to old fan anybody on your holiday gift list. Give them the new politically correct non denominational holiday record. Could possibly take issue with songs like these. Yes we've taken that you know out of Christmas. Make everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today. And be yes in February. Baby it's 11.19 at 5.60 WQN the calls are spectacular. The wine we had the dancing girls are special. Was that the little on he said in Vegas? Something he said who are the girls. That's for you to find out. Give it a word of remember that? Give it a word. WQN hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes, me and I want you. Who's this? Who's this? I'll call him for nail plays there. Speaking you're speaking to him sir. You're not really that difficult. I love you buddy. You're just one of my best friends. He has very soft skin. He's really cute. What do you want? All right. He's an old softie. I think it's what he's trying to say. 1138 votes under Paul. That was beautiful. Now the people in my space thing, they're in their own world man. They got their own woodlets. It's like a club and of course Miguel decided it would be a lot in life. I think it's really a positive for all of your lives and not mine but yours. What's the benefit we derive from that? Is it like creating new listeners? Is it like a whole bunch of young living and breathing or why goes out there? Is that what interaction thing? It's just another way to promote yourself. Yeah. I see. 5.670560, pound five, six in the Verizon singular or a wireless line. Promote yourself to what like the mental institute. Like an Arcadia. That's the place I couldn't think of last week Arcadia. That's where the funny farm is. WDQAM. Hello. I'm still on it. Maybe that's where we ought to send Maddie Bell to the FUNNY farm. Because you're going to need to go there to a clock when he has his chin down to his little, of course his chin being down to his knees and very far drop. Maddie's about two feet tall. So here we have this interesting warfare going on between Greg Reed and Maddie Bell over pound 96 and Joe Bell on QAM as the people on the other side of the building are trying to steal away our employees over here. On a herd of in the history of this, do mom maybe not in the history, but certainly very unethical and extraordinarily uniceptable. And poor Joe Bell, he's like whining about it and poor Joe. He wants to be, it will have trying to help you with your show. I'm trying to do it. Yeah. Well, you're not having a very good effect, Joe. You're trying like crazy, but so far not that good. By the way, Jacob, we will find him. Make no mistake. You can continue to bring him hiding. Some people are experts at hiding, but then all of a sudden, oh, who's that? Holy crap. You know what I mean? In fact, I wouldn't be surprised in Miguel's knock on on you, do it about 630 night. Going over for the little party time action? Happy hour. WNQA, and hello. A nail, this is Dave Cartoon and with KEL 7 news. How are you? I'm okay. Okay, we just saw a link up on a Hollywood Boulevard with his hands down. Yeah. Oh, the calls are going to be right here. Yeah. You're brownie, how do you care about that? Wow. 5605. Oh, 55560 and pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless line. WQA, and hello. Yeah. Good morning. Good morning. As we approach the two week anniversary of your, I just sent it to show that you had regarding the, uh, will. Yes. Yeah. It should have all our both side of the US side that you really often share with us. Uh-huh. Well, let's go. I'm luckily for me, very, really, uh, that stupid and very, uh, an eddionic. I wish I could. This young fellow, uh, even you want me to be such generous and give a good portion of your network to him. Though it won't be better by you. What's up with that? I didn't want to be bedded by me. That's correct. I see. Well, nobody was interested in bedding. But maybe you would maybe you would be a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Do you just give out money? Yeah. Uh-huh. Smuck. See, this is another reason that it was a stupid for me to know. Why's it stupid? I have no regrets of going on here and telling because it was the way I was feeling at the time. But 99% of the public out there, they don't believe that, and especially in Florida, nobody is going to do anything for anybody else. Unless there's a sexual involvement there. Unless you give it up, you know? Right. And the interesting part for this, Muck and everybody else is that the other three people in my will, I don't have any sex with them. I don't have any desire to have sex with them. That's not the kind of friends they are. And it's just the way it is. Okay. That's just me. So call me very strange. Okay. Very strange. 560560, Tom 560, the Verizon singular wireless line. WDQAM. Hello. I'm the horde. Well congratulations. What a surprise that is. What a shock. WDQAM. Hello. No, no, no. Go. Jacob. Go. Oh, man. I think you may have a point. Let him have 48 votes on the poll. 560, I told you they were good. Josh, you didn't believe me. Now actually, they were some actual coherent conversations last Wednesday and Thursday. Yeah, and I told George don't expect to nap it again any time soon. But you don't know, it'll be something for you to regret already. Got the mobile apps today after. And when you depart this show, it'll be something for you to like, oh, geez, and I wasn't even there when the good calls came in that one day, you know, or two days. You missed out. WDQAM, hello. You're not trained. You're here. Yeah. Okay. You're fair. By the way, yesterday was the 30th anniversary, the 17th of December, my coming out of the closet on the urk. T. And that's no, that was a good thing for the South Florida audience because then it was a weapon. You know, it was always a threat to last call, you know, something for them to attack as if who the whole crew and gives a crap. Congratulations on being gay. Right. And congratulations on being straight. I'm not. Wow. How to control the day, man. Out of control. I must have the helium all the way up his. Right, though. And that's you. Wow. WQAM, hello. This is a. Yes, sir. Yeah. I ran the radio down, sir. I'm turning it down. So listen to me. I'm 20 three years old Jacob, great to know his little money in the aerial. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 6. That's what it's going to be all day today. None of them were going to get on and it's going to be a lot of a lot of heavy duty reading today. Oh, I can do a lot of it. Huh. But they're so good. Now come on. See you're being a skeptic. You don't believe me. Do you ask towards the next time you see him? If you're still around when he comes back. What do you last in a box? It'll be around man for a little bit. You're going to be around. Yeah. Great. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yeah. I want you to do the radio station. Yeah. Hello. I'm sitting in my apartment in Century Village. Yeah. I'm listening to you guys. It's so fun. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Good. Okay. Go. Don't go empty your bag. Go. Okay. Sweetheart. Go empty out the sack. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 60. You've arrived in a singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Not there. Now there was one of the better ones. You last. There it is. It's pretty good. I like that. The sounds of silence. And not even a dial tone. It was really special. I love 32 or 5 60. You can hear me now, can't you? Yes or 4? Well, I had a little panicator because we had a couple of dropouts on our streaming man on our website. I thought, oh, oh, if I went and doubted it's going to drop out. Not good. WQAM, hello. QAM. Good afternoon Neil. Good evening. Did you tell me where I could find the best glory holes in the Hollywood area? Oh, I would I would head to highly a man. I head to the JC pennies. They're due to little limbo rock in the T-Romach JC pennies. You'll have a lot of company. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 60. The Verizon singular wireless line. I told you, man. It's solidies. They're called for old glory. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Good morning. Is this my uncle Neil? Yes sir. How are you? Okay. I just want to call and tell you because I've had listening to all these uh callers and everything. The leaders say it's very commendable. Do what you did a couple of weeks ago on that show and I heard it. And I had a personal experience similar myself to get up in front of 355 people and tell them something very secretive, so to speak. If you wouldn't even admit to yourself generally speaking, yes. Very commendable. You should have felt good about it. And in spite of all these sick day holes here to call and uh, raise your and do this at the other. I just want you to know there's one person out here that understand and thank you very big man and good for the game. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great holiday. You're watching. Yeah, totally. There actually, I mean not too many, but there's one today so far and you're probably just ready to fall off your seat. Not from that guy, please. You just puck on his lips there. Kiss your ears. So, where you leave him in the show? Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, the Verizon, singular, wireless line. Yeah, that's the thing that I have no regrets about having done that or did the show I did last Friday again, where was like a sequel, you know? And it looks to me like somebody is taking themselves off our my space. If we moved him on our end and now looks like he's or we're no longer his friend. Well, no, that that happened automatically. No, no, it just happened this morning. Trust me when I tell you. Oh, okay. You mean it happens automatically on the delay like a week delay. I don't think so. Well, no. No, it's just he just decided we're no longer his friend and I don't think I can continue. Oh, yeah, I kicked you out. Yeah, that's okay. Now I think maybe he just a little bit nervous that they're going to be people out there sending hostile messages who are angry and and who the hell cares, okay? People that want to live their lives playing games, you know, don't have satisfactory relationships with those human beings, but I started to say in it and I knew for a fact when I said it when I did that show and and beyond the end and somebody's calls which are just calling to us my balls which I could care less than that's all a lot of people can really relate to. If you want to do something really extraordinary, really nice for somebody, it must mean you want something from them. Usually you want their body. You want a dittle with them well, whatever you think, okay. If that makes you happy, they'd like to you. WQOM. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. How did you uh, said, rich joy to leave you alone so you could go back to making those entertaining sound effect. I'm doing whatever I want to do. That's basically you know, I know what the FCC rules are and FCC doesn't have anything to do about fart sounds and stuff like that. And Joyce can rotten hills, as far as I'm concerned, along with some other people. And that was open. You say that have a great holiday. YouTube. That's for you, Joyce. Yeah, then there's another case where our general man, where you know when he first came in, oh, well, I agree with you, Neil, and though she has no business and that's not the silly in the eye, it's said we're telling. And then as soon as we play anything, you know, like even one of those, oh, gee, you did not understand. I didn't say go ahead and do it. And that's because Joyce was all over him like you, but her clumped down on it, because Joyce wants us to fail. Yeah. Anything, anything she can do to try to screw with this show in my life, she'll do it. So how do you work for people that are, you know, held been and tried to like through every roadblock in your way possible. And the answer is you can't and you don't. WQAM, hello. Hey, people, people of Joyce, remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. There's some profound words to live by. I see you thought there were a lot of great calls coming in, man. You've gotten so cynical about the show last few months, you know? Yeah, that's what it is. Listen, if I were you and somebody offered me the big bucks to go and do whatever you're going to do, I'd say, hey, like I said, where do I sign? That's all. That was my answer. It's not, it's not what they did. It's the way they did it. It's very similar to the other situation that I went through. It's not what the other person did. It was the way he did it. You know, I'm saying there's a way to be like a men, you know, like a human, say, gee, that was very generous or whatever, but I can't accept it. And just like with you, you know, it's nothing personal. I love working on the show, especially when Neil sends me those checks in a mail. And by the way, there's another guy. He does the stuff our website puts up the stories as a fine job. I don't see the thing that I find most interesting and amazing is it's kind of hard to hit on anybody from long distance, you know what I'm saying? If I was going to hit on somebody, it would probably be somebody like within about a 10 block radius. That'd be something that I could probably run real fast and maybe catch up to. Come in to QAM, hello. Marginal. QAM, hello. I put my sister's toothbrush on the hat. Yeah, bet you did, huh? Oh boy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Hopefully she's using Polydon at this week, okay? I think what he meant was he stuck her false teeth in his bag is what he's trying to say. How are we doing on the votes? We're going to make something today. We're going to make something. 1182 votes. We're going to make potty is what we're going to make. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I want to take a lot of calls to the just to prove a point to you. And I don't know why you said that guy just because he kissed my ass. What was wrong with that? He was a nice guy. Okay. You didn't like him? We get a lot of ass kitters. I've heard that before. I asked compared to the rest of the calls today. I hate there's been some chance today. He was a stellar dweller. Make no mistake about it. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Can't do it. He couldn't get the toothbrush out of guess. WQAM. Hello. Could be. Could be all those. And of course, them are those people going to do. You know, they're going to turn on their radio and it will be like, I mean, any K is gone. Maybe we can have a ESPN radio from 10 to 2 also. Would be good. I'd be a good, a good, a good ratings booster. Maybe. Could be. And then you won't feel so bad after having a big lot. Maybe your timing has been very propitious. Maybe you jumped off just before the Titanic was on the way down. You know? WQAM. Hello. What flavor was Jacob's T bag? WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Man, it's soft. This isn't listening radio. I'm trying to deal with these people. They have nothing better to do with their lives. There's a lot of these things going on in the world. They could talk to you about and they want to make funny noises. He sounds. It kills me. I'm a meal. I'm the first person to think that the Republicans somehow drug this guy and he mistroke or am I just getting a little bit too off the. Yeah, you're a little a little bit, yeah, they drugged him and gave him a stroke. Okay. Good luck, you pal. I love someone they let you out calling direct from Arcadia. Woo. 11.85 votes on the pool. I think stroke was the operative word for him. But nevertheless, you see he's one of those serious people and he probably thinks that it was a very good call. When you think and his mind sure boring. I'll remember Jen Bush most for 1185 votes helping his brother steal the 2000 election for 176 his whole law breaking family 209 interfering with Terry and her Q 121 the stupid F cat 74 overturning the voters on state amendment 73 being a great guy only 63 5.2% pretty small failures. His fat ass 37 humongous his co-snearling prescription forging got her noel 35 the last noel. Opposing the slots 26 I hate this full only 21 and a half percent. Needlessly cutting down those citrus trees 19 being on TV whenever there was a hurricane another photo off of your fat ass Governor 19 and being a right wing Google as in Google in a total 15 and I forgot to play that bit. The big deal. So fast. It'll kill it. This is wheel rotors for radio 560 Gulf Stream presents rubble in the park a Las Vegas style like heavyweight single elimination contentors tournaments. Funless will buy for the 25 thousand dollar winners first and take possession of the IBAs like heavyweight championship belt. The tournament begins Thursday, December 14th, first belt is 730 pm rubble in the park. The event that will define South Florida boxing history. Live at Gulf Stream Park racing in casino tickets available on sale now at Sigmaster for more boxing in full on on the Gulf Stream Park.com. Bellies are present and children who doesn't have to run no one else is going to win. He might as well just move right in. Sing hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. He had to go to school. He was born with up his ass. So look out on you, dude. Get ready for the gap. He's a dollar has he not seen. Oh, he'll give our people right so whammy. Oh, rising the dollar has been at sea. All of them, Bellae. Bellae, the very well we do with very back his views. Who never paid his dues by the experience of his cruising hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. Any spark who wins that race against Buddy, would pay wisely to think they call it good. He's a dollar dollar, not a sea. Oh, he'll be the take a king has been. Oh, he needs a dollar has been. Double better than the way. Come on, let's do spare. Come 100 votes on a pool. We are kick us some serious ass while Harry and D-Clo had his play in back end. I still don't know what it is. It's a board game. Hey, well listen, you could be the tiger woods of it. I could be the tiger woods of back end and baby. I could be kicking some serious back ass. But you don't know how to play. I think I'll Google it during the break. Or maybe you want to do that right now. I'll do it right now. I don't have to go overboard because I know you're going to be leaving us. You don't want to do anything. You know, absolutely, you don't have necessarily do. Hey, listen, don't knock your stuff out. It's the holiday is okay. Yeah, you don't need to be doing those stories anymore by the way either. Why is that? I can do those. You just try to take that check. Absolutely. I got news for you. Think I'm sending you a check after what you did to me with my space page. I think that should be your punishment. You should have to do the as long as I'm still around, which may not be that much longer here. You have to do the bedtime stories. Now, he already agreed to do that as long as I keep throwing them a check every now and then. That's right. Of course, he knows how I want something to return. Oh, the, you know, something these people just, they, they're just slaying me. And obviously, they think that it's like, oh, we're going to really get it. Yeah, we are right. Like I haven't even been doing this about 100 years in this time. Like I don't know the kind of sick venom that's a, you can smell it, man. You can feel it as soon as you get it. As soon as you walk through the jetway at the airport, when you're flying to tell you, they remind me of your Floridadale. You can smell it in the air. Hey, good old fashioned hate, baby. Wow. This game looks really stupid back in. Yes. Call up by Harry and Detroit. I'll tell you how. Go ahead. In fact, he's got some games he probably wants to play with you. I'm all set, Harry. Has something to do with back, but I think it's, I think it has to do with you being on your back, or maybe I don't know. We're fine now. I'm sure here we glad to do a pontificate. You know, the one thing I will say about the MySpace page, it's amazing to me. And of course, they realize that I'm not going to read any of it anyhow. But the email stuff on there, there's almost none. Other than people that like, you know, want to apply to be a friend on the thing. And then obviously, you've had other things to do. So I put a whole bunch of people on there. I don't even know where to hold it on. It's exciting. Yeah, I noticed that. Yeah, and did I put anybody wrong on there? Would be impossible for me to tell. What do you mean by that? Well, I'd have to go through 860 people to find out who those 20 you put on there. No, they're in order. They're lying to 20. No. No, no, they don't. Doesn't do that. Do it that way. Wrong. Are you suggesting that I don't know my MySpace stuff Mr. just because I'm an old fart? I'm going to say definitely. Definitely what? I don't know my craft. That's right. All right. Well, let me just see. Let me click on our page. And by the way, it might be a lot of them on the last page, but it doesn't work that way where if you approve five people, they'd be the last five. It squambles them. Oh, it has squambles over the place. Oh, well, that's unfortunate. Oh, this is my buddy Matt. That's a little too friendly, too. And you know, you're okay, Matt. He says Castro's dead. Matt looks like a human kind of guy. He's like 25 and he's not a gameplay. I don't think that's good. And of course, like I said, then other one, the unmentioned number one, well, there's several unmentioned number ones out there in the video audience. I wouldn't be surprised if they were looking contact. But that little tiny picture, you know, the squat picture, that still down there near the bottom of that page. Hey, what's the look at, but when you click it, there's that diamond. You know, what is that diamond supposed to represent? You know, that's being diamond? I'm sorry. And there's the picture, but it says this profile, I'll set the private view. I use it much to Andy was a friend to see his or her profile, which I don't want to see it. I don't want to know from it. You know what I mean? Yeah, what's the, what's the desktop these days? What's the wallpaper these days? Oh, we're back to Brady Quinn. Okay. What are the bathing suit? With some chick on the side? Oh, they can't luckily for me, you don't really see that much. At least I think it's a chick, maybe it's a guy. I don't know. Somebody at the beach, he's got a bathing suit. Unfortunately not, you know, a speedo. He's got like box insurance, very boring box insurance. But there's like five Brady Quinn's on my desktop. Since you're so, you know, obviously, you know, these are things that people keep trying to. That's right, people care out there. I know they do. They care enough to send their re- somebody QAM, hello. Like I said, they care enough. WQAM, hello. Hey, I'm good Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Just wanted to get, was you happy holidays? I'm getting out of this God forsaken place for unfortunately not long enough. Just for a week. But, and I want to wish all these idiots, the thinker comedians, you know, it just, I wish they'd all just go away. I wish that all this die. That's all I've always told you for a week is soft code and needs of people to transplant. And I don't blame you for, you know, I mean, the period that you didn't take calls, of course, was equalies entertaining, you know, no matter what you do. But these jackasses, I don't get it. What, what do they do? They just sit around all day to call you to try to be a clown. Because they have no life, man. That's considered the sources. I have no life. Yeah. It's the typical, it's the cross section of Beltsworth, I cry every time I have to come back. Okay. I know you are my crime man. Have a great holiday, Palagro. Good luck to you. You too, buddy. Bye bye. Fife's isn't going to design like soft food. I can't imagine that. What's what's to like, you know? Haven't had any ladies today called say happy Hanukkah, happy holidays or anything to come as a regular last. Have we? No, we haven't. Man, a couple last week, a few. I mean, you know, nothing really spectacular. Nothing you all whipped up into a frenzy bubble. We had a few. None of the, none of the good calls, were ladies. We had some excellent US George. You marked my words Wednesday and Thursday were stellar. They were spectacular. And then of course that was it. I mean, that was the quota. You know, they're just ain't no mold. There's a few wonderful people there, but that was it. We heard from all of them at once. Maybe they got together. They had like a committee meeting, you know? I call this other stuff that happened to me last couple of weeks. Maybe some people got together and decided, wouldn't this be a great game to play? Or who knows what? You know, who knows? That's the thing that's most disturbing to me. You know, what? It like that song. What's it all about Alfie? What was it all about? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. What was it all about? Do you have any idea what it was all about? No, I can't. No. See, to me, it was like all about going to lunch. And then of course, how how going to lunch can degenerate into something that complicated and that the lunch George. Don't lunch. Will you go to lunch? WM Hello. QAM. Me or that guy just called, probably somebody at Jackass, doesn't he understand that the colors are the ones that make the show? Oh, yeah. I'm like yours, for example. This is a lot of stuff. Oh, I'm dead on that song. My pants. I thought I was like, okay, great. Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, any of the stuff that we believe that that's what makes the show. That's what I can attribute all the success I've had. These 30, almost 3, 1 years in South Florida to the colors. That's right. Hitler, Hitler, Hitler. Hi. Oh, I know those people. Hi, child, Bob. What are we? How are we that one goes, you know? Now that one, he needs a rubber room bad. He needs the, uh, they both do. Yeah, together, we'll be good. And a very small room can find together. I think they enjoy that. Nice. They seem to spend so much time intertwined. And this is one of the amazing things that most of the, like ordinary, maybe somewhat rational people out there who listen occasionally or a lot, they don't really believe this, but they, the misfits, they find each other. They find each other. They seek each other out and they have their little clubs, you know, and they get together and they have their little lunches. It's funny. What do they do? Uh-huh. And it's not funny. It's pathetic. It's pathetic. The group meeting is the group group, baby. W-W-I-M-Hello. I don't even got his group back now. W-W-I-M-Hello. How's it, I think, am I Lord is saying here? Okay, sir. Hey, listen, you have that thing, where, guys, I hate this way, but I think we're here. Could you just put down like endless loop from the morning? Yeah. I hate this club. Excellent idea, sir. Could you just put down like endless loop from the morning? Yeah. I hate this club. Excellent idea, sir. Excellent idea, sir. Thanks, darling. The communications on work? I. Have been here for 7 years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The communications on work? I've been here for 7 years. I hate displaced. Nothing works here. I hate displaced. Nothing works here. The communications on work? I. Have been here for 7 years. Nothing works here. I need displaced. Nothing works here. Destroying the The biggest danger! Who the hell is this? The O'Rotters! This is very quick. Whatever I shape up all, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour. Okay, I hear my little brother, so I'd just show you how to celebrate the haunted. This is called a dream. He's been in the sea right man, and you sing this song. I have a little dream, I made it out of clay, and when it's fine ready, with Dr. Lusha Plank, I made you out of clay, I made you out of clay, I made you out of clay, Now you try. I just been with your fingers like this! What? The white. All the rain. I can't get away, The rain is much quieter out. Maybe I'll be doing that. Oh hey Carmen, we're praying, What's going on? Oh, it's that one of the things. Yeah, I'm not going to complain. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Whatever's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Alright. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? There should be a theatre screen. Let me try. Whatever's going on? I'll try and make it. It's been saat lost. There should be another sprite. Alright. Think about where it's written. That's wrong. Hello boys! Hi mom! Oh, oh, crush you! You boys are all playing drapele flam, you know that drapele is a crime on a tradition for the people of people. Yes, we know this better if you think you're okay. Interesting! Now when you are, the next drapele spin, you know! Oh, I'm getting a little bit of a scratcher, but I'm getting a little bit of a scratcher. Okay, let's try it on. And give me a good one! I'll give you a good one! Wait, wait, wait, let's try the meat. Oh, hi dad! Hello everybody! Say, can I join in? Sure! I have a little turtle, I needed out of play, and when it's time ready with drapele, I shall everybody try to play. And I need you, I'll play, and you'll play! Hey, you're a little bit better! I'll give you a good one! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play! Courtney, cuffs, I'll blow you, you're so hard! On that show, Dad! Courtney, cuffs, Dad! We're singing about a drapele! Oh, sorry. You pulled it out with the way to show me! Oh, yeah! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! I'll play, and you'll play! We've got all three of our final 60. We've got 130 votes on a week before Christmas Day. That is really... see, one thing about you is you're easily impressed. As opposed to George, because George is so depressed with his life, you know, and being a prisoner of his own circumstances. That, you know, nothing impresses him. That's like his own face. Who are you? I'm a good person. That's his my space quote. Victor, I'm a circumstant. Is that really? Yeah. Well, if you're on my space, you are already a victim of circumstances, boy. I'm not saying that there aren't a lot of really nice people on it, because there are obviously a lot of our listeners on it. They've got to be like, yeah, we've just walked into that scene. There is a lot, but there's some real disparados on there too, you know? Like these messages from me, and I'm not going to play back in, and here I am sorry. Okay, I'm not interested in back ammunition or tiger woods, or golf, and I'm not lonely, and go, go, and find a life. I have no idea of anything. I have no left. So I was in the trou, I would be saying the same thing. Give me out of here. That's the first thing I would be saying. Five six seven come on let's get these falls cranked baby. I know it's a Hanukkah and we before Christmas But my god there's so many heavy duty issues for us to deal with Right like meals retirement which I think I wouldn't plan too far into the new year, you know for management I just after that call I had with Joe Bell this morning He just and he's a good guy, but you know they just want to hold on to this old Moukhao meaning me just too long, you know You can only look at how so long and they just kind of like runs dry and I don't understand that I'm looking you yet mister. Yeah, well, let's still try and I'll take it that. Oh, yeah Well, we'd like to have you working till your croak. Yeah, and then that's his line I don't know right up there that would be good 567 per promoted advance of that guy got in my funeral 5 6705 60 pound five 60 Levi-Rizan singular wireless line on a singularly great Monday December 18 a day that will live in infamy We haven't figured out why it all we got to some people on the case man They're looking up some really important information for me today and it could be a real fly opener for some people out there could be a real barnburn You know what I mean right bro, you do the why W to Q a and hello Hello, yes, sir You know thanks for having me to your my space page. Yes, I'm the high-up alley guy Yeah Yeah, 567. Oh, that's a fed boys neighbor who's not on them. I'm maybe here's under my space You know who knows who knows who cares, okay? That's a good place for you. Okay? Maybe a desk bottle like you didn't find us some companionship on her beside Pet boy, okay? Who'd I want to go out to lunch with him anyway, be null food everything on the table and the table next to him? I toward other stories about that place in East Lansing when I was a Michigan state place called Coral geobals of all things was a pizza joint good food and the in fact Coral geobals in East Lansing I think at that time so more bottle beer on a daily basis than any other joint in the entire country How do you like that? College for you. That's right. That's MSU for your baby and we go in there You know like on a weekend night we go in there give a couple of pizzas and while we're standing and waiting to get seated because it was always mob Now there'd be people who'd leave like a few crusts on the tray, you know on the pizza tray and we would eat Elector over his mother tables. I'm a school you go Jesus Christ Sick in it. Yeah, this and more college man I think it a lot of mice to brow you know you do all sorts of irrational things Well, I sure wish I had those days to live over again. I'll say that right now Although when I was in college when I was a Michigan state to be bare honest with it Maybe I maybe they didn't bother telling me maybe I wasn't the ugly dorm And they just didn't bother telling me that because it's your scene that way and I'm like all the other kids in my Dorm were really ugly. It's made me feel better about myself. I guess what what do you think that is? I Couldn't tell you now. Maybe it's just as well, you know it because you know me being a sucker for a pretty face and then all of a sudden You can bother some kind of a big emotional thing. You know, oh, he's a fan Yeah, I like that you know that would have been robbed of college like you had a couple weeks ago Have you heard said you would have had those emotional problems in college who wants that? That that's correct not not good not good Don't let other people play with your heart man play with your heartstrings play with like a harp like a fiddle like a cheap old fiddle baby Just went to dog throw them out this card them just like we discarded that one individual He discarded that's right back on at my space and that's good. That's called this for that or Some like that. How is it? Yeah, you know how goes double QAM hello Hey, you Yes, sir. Yeah, I have an urgent show in a while. What exactly happened on my free Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, go go away go away go away These people on and on nothing happened on my space. It's a wonderful place Go on there do a little dill at around maybe you'll get lucky to find some Machiki on there some slut from a trailer park Who knows what you'll find sweet? Yeah some sweet chick at the from a trailer park It'll be neat and the sweet and the real treat and Your life will be beat to a bloody pulp 481 1251 we're gonna have 1300 by a one clock by 1300 Which means we could probably do 14 every day on the day before on a week before Christmas They're gonna be writing about this in the freaking weekly meter man. All you kids out there There's no Santa Claus and old Uncle Leo's gonna have like 14 and revotes on a week before Christmas Right in the middle of Chinooka no less are the kids in school now or they out they got to be out Yeah, they should be out. They should be out because it's a Goish and On Thursday I believe it. I don't know college is out. I don't know about anything College is out well when it does maybe I can go back to East Chauhan East Lansing if you think I some but it'll open guys in there now God we had the ugliest collection of goofballs in there And like I said probably just as well. Yeah, WDQ a M hello Q a while I'm a gamble is a dinner and I need to know is Eddie cake on a stay Have it heard a word man. Okay listen a nice idea probably give you the odds on what they're staying or leaving I think the odds in my stay are leaving getting slumber by the minute Oh, I think he'll be going before I do I don't know if mother to tell us what happened about their lunch on Friday In the course Joe Bell and Norma Kent and he was truly we have been to Joyce We have bigger issues to deal with bigger fish to fry Like this Josh Curtis incident like this whole the whole episode of the Elijah Sean QAM It's been a rocky nine years. I'll tell you that and whatever success We've had on this radio station has been not thanks to their help and assistance and promotion and cooperation in spite of them You know for a fat old queen. I'll tell you one thing. I've sure jumped over a lot of hurdles man I feel like I ought to be in the Olympics You know what I'm saying when that gold medal jumped over a lot of obstacles throwing in our path As he passed himself on a fat back once again. It's easy You know when you're slumped over in the chair like a there you just pat my back good job Well done old man. Thank you so much From in his past note a QM doe for your way out the mad dog It's he'll come this way. I'm sure what you about the fact that the dolphins really suck That's a hoot Britney's on your crutch Britney's on your crutch Britney's on your crutch We saw a quote. Oh, you're on me, but Britney's on your crutch Britney's on your crutch Britney's on your crutch and said that's all the chemicals Who you got I really wish you were pay a Swiss So you know like a triumphant Swiss I hope you plan wearing pay a Swiss Let's win your friends get that's up From 16 at 560 we encounter in 67 votes on a pole look at way over 13 under by one no sweat, right? Ain't no thing which mean we got 14 ever to lick man. We're looking at today We're getting our legs on Route 66 An offensive phone outburst by the editor who backed OJ Simpson's canceled book if I did it May have been the final straw which led to refiring by Rupert Murdoch on Friday sources tell the LA times For race published in Judith Reagan had been in trouble with high rups over the debacle of the cancel loaded Simpson book and TV deal Josh Getland and Sally Hoffmeister, right? But her firing swiftly followed a Friday afternoon phone call from her LA office to a Harper Collins attorney that included comments that were characterized as offensive to Have a place corporate sources said over the weekend Regan also would come under far away forthcoming fictional re-imaging of Mickey Maddoz life That has drawn advanced criticism for its salacious content a high level source tells the paper that the last straw However came Friday afternoon when Reagan working in a office in Los Angeles blew up on the phone at a lawyer from Harper Collins in the air Who'd been helping the publisher handled problems with a metal book and said she was dismissed for cause shortly after that phone call I bet you Joyce made her contract If you had a surly phone call you're fired I bet you Joyce made up that deal and with those those days Those mean negotiation date. Oh, everybody's gonna sign as Joyce contract and if you criticize the teens or the owners or if you fight the wrong flavor Or anything else like that we're gonna your fired not that workout nobody signed that right off ended the fair article from 2005 on Patti mouth editor Judith Reagan success Suggested that she'd probably had more public roles with authors than any other publisher She landed based in the downer for stealing what she claimed was her idea for a book on erotica She's spanked Monica Lewinsky in the gossip columns and plying that Lewinsky was streaming her long on an offer to buy her tell all books Judith Newman wrote Marla Mapels was another target of her venom Reagan canceled her memoir And she famously fuded with respected authors Peter Manso and Ellen Hawks over there ultimately unpublished Margo Hemingway biography Oh, I got to read that not The 2005 profile which we can declare to be interviewed for note that the lawsuit professes no personal right wing leanings close friends rolled their eyes. She's to the right of gangas cons as one she's in deirdre self to Harper Collins owner Rupert Murdoch Where the successful publishing of right wing is such as Robert Bork and Sean Hannity and tough guys Such as former New York City Police Commissioner Bernie Kerick and Iraq War might major domeo general Tommy Franks I wonder if he's kind of Barney Fag But she goes with a money interest star which means she's also published Michael Moore left leaning Allen poems and starting Lee right before the election Glenn W. Smith's on-fit commander Texans for truth take on George W. Bush in late 2004 the New York City news report of the caretaker gays an extramarital affair with Reagan which according to published rumors included date time Trists and an apartment reserved for tarred ground zero workers Which we all remember that very very well the tumultuous Reagan carecrow man's carried on for months though through the writing publication Promotion of his autobiography the lost son a life and pursuit of justice which regains comedy published It was an accumulation of her behavior someone who's exactly here so for spoke on condistiment and the many because of the Legal sensitivity of the issue the two news Corp and side of said vegan was not held entirely responsible for the O. J. Enversement because the project had been signed off on by senior management But they ended that the double whammy the O. J. incident closely followed by a wave of negative publicity about the mantle book Schedule for publication in March one put her career at the company on thin ice thin ice baby like those panthers escaped on most of the time I say well that they are handed a center here tomorrow night and guilty still hasn't called to take me to lunch Well a lot of people treat me down for lunch these days, you know, I feel really bad not Prima ridden 69 votes But you know on Friday I read though that's right. You weren't there Friday drive. No, I was I read my farewell email on the A very cost to converry a hostile a very angry see what happens when somebody Plays with your emotions and and deals with you It's first you get emotional and then you get angry. Well, I mean at least with me I don't know about you but anybody else you get angry like why do you do this? What was this all about you know saying yeah? Anyone like you inflict punishment light is one person who barely knows somebody else Especially somebody that they admired allegedly why would they let them inflict Sorris on that person I don't get it because because they can yep Oh, and you let them see and then they obviously questioned with that one is why did he come back the first time? You know after that famous Thursday show why did he resurface with those emails the first time? You see what it means on here. Well, it means on here. Yeah because I was talking about him and because him and all his buddies Oh, he yells all I was I mean what's that all about? But it anyway so I saw you're ready hostile Farewell and I thought that was the end of it, but then I started getting more angry, you know So the couple more had had a couple of phone calls made and it's just the oh, it's a run-in-hide run-in-hide Just like he's doing now on a my space thing which is good go away and just Rue the day okay that you decided to like dittle with my life just go away Don't have to go away mad just leave 278 votes on the pool about your fat S Governor Jim Bush What would be something when we officially have our first game that we know of anyway? That'd be great Here's another story from a yell see I figured you might be working today. Now you're working all week Do we know or not? No just today just today. Yes, who's on the right to the week? I presume Chris Chris while and I believe What what do you mean you presume Chris? He seemed like a decent guy. Yes, yes And he said that they were gonna do the same on teach you like you. He shut up. Yeah I asked him one thing and he like responded, which is amazing Well, you know it'd be nice if they would tell us these things, but again management is dittler with his show And I've been doing this a long time, okay, and you can get the feeling it's fight of whatever Joe Bell says that there are people in the Organization including Joyce Fitch and others who would just love for this show to disappear You save a lot of money. Of course we've cost him a lot of money too Because this has been the show for nine years. It's got the big numbers on there and brings in the big bucks It's said when it is like a mega a mega magnet you know what I mean? Yeah, just listen to those calls that you tell you say I get magnet Eric and our goal is you have an anniversary coming up in a week or so right here? No, I'm a 30th 30th 30th 30 minutes I mean nine years I'm QM I December 30th What's that? Why did it hit that? I wasn't what I wanted to hit. Well, that's a new cue look at that Let's let's play it a few times. Yeah, that's what I was looking for sorry Robert you quiz like there's another good reason to get out of this place Wow Clarence and all his little boyfriends. You know, it's just Joe Joe means well, but he's he's kind of like a lost child, you know like out in the middle of the desert without a compass in a roadman I'll tell you one thing you know out in the middle of the desert is he would taste the hide You know when you got people looking for him. That's a great taste to hide. Stop and think about that for a minute Huh Eric my Margoals who writes in the year to run for photos son Cubans deserve better and I'm sure Miguel would agree see see this Here in the world second largest Cubans city the fiercely anti-caster of Cuban ex-alkimini a straining its collective years to catch the last Dying gas other islands hated maximum leader of fiddle Castro I wonder what city that could be? It could be Miami do it. Oh, oh the death last week of cab chelis for Ridicthator general Augusta finishing leaves the grave that your castors line America's last surviving Cold War dinosaur The most demonized cano shanlachilly with a democratic government in Latin America's most vibrant economy Castro, 80 by contrast will leave behind a dreary shred bear to tell a terrian state Castro's hospitalized handover power to his brother-roal Too fast 75, but as I reported on my last trip to a van at her or says there will probably be no major political changes in Cuba till Fidel Leaves the scene. I think you spat His Cuba's national father figure who it's by the many mistakes in severe repression is still regretted with deep affection and pride by many of his people But as much as many may admire fiddles a much or leader who stood up for the Yankee green goes after a century of bullying and exploitation And it brought them high standards of medicine education We could also recall that Castro had a darker side Recently open KGB thousands statements by former high Soviet officials ever built during the 1960 to the missile crisis Castro bent so immediately in the case of an acute accrues to a launch nuclear arm missiles against the USA The Kremlin wisely refused Castro's crazy request that bearded best start-up KGB archives also documented extensive Soviet intelligence links with and support for Chile's late Marxist president Salvador iende who is overthrown by general pinnishate the Soviets tied to termarces Chile into a second Cuba and maybe a rate rusty Marxist relic But it's important to recall that Cuba's always been the most advanced sophisticated and cultured nation in the West Indies Havana is older than New York City. I still vividly we called glittering pre-caster Havana and sitting at his famed Florida heat to bar with my parents and her is telling way who inscribed a book to me To Eric the painter of end of 1952 he said I like drawing in those days It was an artista in recent weeks rebel cancer was offered to open talks with Washington, which has kept Cuba under a Punishing embargo since the 1950s Washington should seize the opportunity to win this utterly death sanctions regime that's bankrupted Cuba and moved to normalized relations Raul should immediately begin releasing all of Cuba's political prisoners and stop arresting citizens of California democracy and free speech Autoized long maintained fruitful relations with Cuba though it is pussyfooted around cancer as human rights violations Canada can help open doors in Nevada for Washington and gaysment with Cuba's urgent Fiddels death may set off internal power struggles in Cuba security forces at military or ignite social turmoil a small army of Mami Cubans is ready to decide on the former homeland among the numerous wealthy businessman who see themselves as Cuba's neck leaders Not necessarily democratic ones Cuba's long suffering people deserved to escape poverty and totalitarian rule But they also need to retain the dignity and social advances they achieved under Castro's regime as solo confiscation in the half a century It would be a serious mistake for Washington to treat pre-castra Cuba exist another banana republic Or for the West to try to brush the imposites dictates on prickly Cubans Unfortunately the both-tainee administration so far we buffer all Castro's overtures Mami's large noisy Cuban community votes mostly Republican and his dead side against political engagement with Cuban till the Castro's are gone Just as Ronald Reagan famously called for the hated Berlin wall to be torn down It's now time for another ugly Cold War relic the US and Bargain of Cuba to be scrapped Eric Mark Holdos in the Toronto Sun absolutely here Let's see what this very important facts is here. Oh, not so important. Oh, but British cross. Oh, please little lunch. Are you doing this to me? El Paso 1288 on the pool. What I tell you? We got 14 hundred. Look today. You can bet your life on it I was anybody gonna tell you whether it's any case last week or if he's been like hang around to some other stuff Or we don't know I'm sure they're on their way in tells I keep keep your IPO for that door, baby. So it's way any minutes soon. It opens. Yeah Especially if it's Maddie Bell Maddie who's another one for you. He's a magic 27 past a new nuclear Absolutely It's been rough my engine that you're rating's a diet Well, I don't assure you what a big ass if I was to you and how If I somebody could have not but so my baby pants Right now James I love to be coming back I'm tired if considering a little greater than the contract If you want to know what I'll say me from shut that transmitted the ground I You Damn Say you have to go and hold my hand because you will fly to ways of jeec. Hold me like you M I got a great idea. I know who they stick right in. They can plug right in as 10 to 2 slots I'm tired of that man. I'm tired of being like a human yo yo. I see I feel the same way. Oh, you know something I'm just doing a slice break. I said he were evaluating my life. I got a really good short piece of mail here on our my space. There's been some of you messages on there. Nothing nothing you're checking. I think you like the my space secretly. I don't mind hearing from the audience. It gives you the option. You can respond which in the first case of course you're not to be a bad mistake. I got some to say about that in the second. But in this case, it's just like Harry from Detroit. There was his lecture. That pissed me off Saturday morning. I really did. You know, like, oh, I know you're very lonely. And then on nothing. It's a radio show. She's a sound loner since when. That's news to me. And you know, one thing I was used to say, even before I had anybody living with me in my house down there. I enjoy my own company. Now that sounds maybe arrogant or we get to go maybe sound stupid. You know what I mean by no. I know a lot of people like that. A lot of people. I enjoy my own time to myself. And I find things to do in places to go and people to meet and greet and whatever. And I and I want those people. It needs to be. There are some people. I've known some of these folks who need to be surrounded by a whole bunch of people all the time because they're very insecure. You know, listen, if you ever don't like your company pick up back in in our golf, you know, that's a good idea. I can actually probably contact Harry and Detroit. He's a cruising for some hot young cute guys. And in between, he could probably say we send him a tips on back. Haven't heard from Harry today. Maybe he has no chance to listen and Detroit. Maybe he's lost out there on the John Magic Expressway or the Edsel Ford or whatever. I'll tell you one thing. You want to think of us from Detroit was the Dick Perton Show. There's a great broadcast to Dick Perton. And I mean, I missed the 60s cruising on the Expressway and Detroit. Grabbing like a bat. That's back when the speed of the was 70. We all would go in 90. And we'd be passing the cops like they were standing still living here. Anyway, this is a short piece of mail. Bread. We are ED of tea. Now that's out of my scene. That's the lower. We know bread. Bread's a good guy. He calls the show all the time. Well, what does that mean? Bread of tea. Maybe of the Groundhogs because it's like a group. Oh, he's a musician. Well, that's what I figured he's a musical guy. He looks a little musical and he looks just stoned off his ass. So I figured he's a musician or one of our listeners. Yes, yes. Yeah. He says thanks for the years, Neil. You corrupted my brain in a good way. Don't let other people decide your outcome. Do what the if you want to do excellent bread. Thanks a lot. Sweetheart. There's a good guy. See? He's sent us movies before calls and all the time. And the other option you have about the the mice face up is you can read it. And you can either delete it right away, which of course I know I've been deleted a lot lately. And we would just find you know something or you can like respond if it's somebody you feel you want to like with hearing Detroit, you know he pissed me off. And so I responded to him. And then I come back and he sends me another message and has nothing to do with what I wrote. I've discovered that with a lot of people. You know people who really have nothing in common with like my close personal body that I had all this source with you email and you either ask a question or you make a comment. And then we spawn with stuff like about their fantasy football life or or something that has nothing to do with what you just wrote or asked. You know what I'm saying? It seemed to be avoiding the question. Now it's easy to do that online, which is why some of these people prefer emailing as opposed to like a phone call or face to face because when you have a phone call conversation like we're having now if somebody isn't responsive to a question you say, you have a what about what I just asked you, you know what about and of course it's much more difficult to be evasive. Oh, no, just like that. That's right. But some people are naturally evasive, you know. Now I keep saying, well, you know my final thought on this my final thought will be final when it's finally, you know. I mean, what do I need to apologize for? But maybe I owe Jacob thanks in a very bizarre massacre to go again because he opened up my eyes to a whole different aspect of my existence here. You know, like I'm just coming in here. I shuffle in here in a morning every day and I go through this and the big fat pay attention a couple days early now. Thanks to Joe and that's nice. But I'm 64 years old man. That's old. I've been raised to talk about the old people. Now I'm one of them. I'm a year away from social security. Maybe I'm less than a year. I'm like less than 11 months away from social security. Is this still only 65? We didn't push that back yet? No, not yet. I better hurry up and get there. So even though it wasn't the intent of this individual to like, you know, add anything. Who knows what the intent was? And that's the thing that's frustrating. What the hell kind of game was this all about? You know, that you dragged my life and my existence through for two of the most extrusioning agonizing. I mean, I'm crying my eyes out like a baby or somebody I don't even know. And these idiots in the audience are thinking, oh boy, he's your my family hot for that. Yes, serious. Get a life. Get serious. Man. I mean, if we're to quint in me now for once, then I'd be upset. You know, different category. So maybe just maybe in a kind of a strange way. It like trigger off something in my mind. And especially with all this going on between Joyce and Joe Bell and the Greg read the back of the picture there. I'm sure Greg would just love. Just love for me to say, hey, guess what's my last show on Friday? I'll see you. Do you think you would love that? I don't know. Because that would probably go a long way to help in Joe fall flat on this face. And that's what Greg would love. But make a see if you got me out of there and look what Joe Bell to the QAM. All you beastly bows those. So flag that's face in man. You're a disaster on two legs Greg. There's no question about it. And of course as far as Miguel is concerned, keep wanting in mind. Greg, you. Yeah. Not an ally. I think it's because you spurned Doreen all those months. Remember Doreen the Queen? Who? I wonder if Doreen and what's the guy's name Barbara Star and Hank? You ever see the three of them together? But it's George always picked on four Humphors and say, every time Barbara Star is on scene. Oh, that's Hank. Hank is on now on scene. Why does he do that? At fifth George. And George is then a wonderful job. But guess what? I'm not leaving him in my will. Well, what if I left it like 100 grand? How's that? He'll take it. I think he'd be pretty happy. Yeah. You think? Yeah. I think I can arrange that. Listen, you just go ahead and leave me half that. I'll be happy. I'll be happy. I'll think half. Oh, God. What do you believe in this? The biggest name, the foster and the vicious wheel rotors. I do not. I do not. I do take the fonds of foster. Oh great, but you deserve the beaches of Miami. That's all it takes to reach it. Say the tale of a man with his big plans, his big plans. To provide the rent that was on our head. Now we have to use Doreen and Hank for instead. Ascathened to my having next target of us at O top of the paradise, loaded with doubt The key to the world, no matter what you want There's only no size to me and the way But we really have a dream-powering The good news, the flash of youth, the boat, and seas of boat Pointed towards my having end, off, we go To where the angry human slaughter There it goes, to the attack, to attack, to attack To the attack, to the attack, to the flag To the safe flag, to safe flag To the flag, to the flag, to the flag To the 76 at 5 to 60 We got a pretty few way, and mad dog coming up in two of Concoct, and then the power hour, well oh oh oh oh Washington And then the power hour four to five I'm getting the very important facts off of my sheen Right now, not a facts, but a thing I'm pretty out. Okay. And what's about? No, I don't. Back in and is a game of luck and skill. Oh boy. Is that exciting or what? But you don't want to bugle your mind anymore. It is played by two people with 15 checkers on 15 checkers each and a board consisting of 24 spaces or points. This is for Harry from Detroit. It wants me to quit sitting there for a little slot machine's mind and take up back in and between my golf outings with a tiger. The checkers then move to court to the rules of the dice each player tries to bring his own checkers home and bear them off before his opponent does hitting and blocking them and he checkers along the way. What does that mean bear them off? You tell me. Huh? We've never played. Backgammon has been around a long time with origins dating back possibly 5,000 years. The ancient Greeks played. That must be why Harry's into it. He likes that whole Greek scene. So did the Romans last the game we know today was we find an England in the 17th century which he would also with which is also what it acquired in the name backgammon. Once they were given an invasion of the 20th century with the edition of the Dublin Cube in the 1920s. Oh I love that Dublin Cube man runs with tube. Well don't tell me the rest of the stuff didn't print out. It didn't. I got a blank sheets. Well what will we do? I feel like David Duke. I got a whole bunch of blank sheets. However, however, I can back it up here in my computer and I can read it right off the thing here. Backgammon enjoyed a huge renaissance in the 1970s. Then again of the 1990s with a popularity of the internet. Today you can still play online any time a day or night with people from all over the world. I bet you Harry's on her waiting to play backgammon with you. You think? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And then it says, paid back in and for free on our sponsors site. And then I'm going to click on the link and then it's got the rules of the game. Look at that nice looking board there. I think I've seen those boards. I never knew what that was. In fact, I was bored just looking at. Click to play back in. Would you like to click it? Go for it man. Look at that bat. Now you're going to be more excited about this when you're this backgammon tournaments 50 grand. Oh, 50 G's, man. Click to play back in and I clicked it and look at that. Oh no, cancel. I don't want to download all the instructions and all this. Oh brother. Pretty complicated. Pretty heavy duty if I say so myself. 1328 votes on a poll. It's not even close to want to clock it. It's 1141. This is a day. I think this is turnaround day. And as far as the future really show in my life and all this other stuff, you know, really when you come right down to it. And I've got my good friend here in Toronto, Liz and my building is a great guy. He, um, he's been my counselor. Yeah. I know charged counselor. We have for the last, uh, for this last few days. No seriously, he's he's the one that said to me, you know, enjoy your life here. And instead of leaving somebody that you don't even know a million dollars in your will, why not take that money? That part of your money. And just blow it. Have a good time. Enjoy it. Do stuff for yourself, you know? Like George says, let's be more selfish in the new year. Yeah. And I think he had a really good point. I think it did too. And instead of like trying to be kind and nice. I mean, well, what am I going to prove? Am I going to prove a point? No. I'm going to prove a point that I'm going to croak and leave a whole bunch of money to somebody that's a, any vasive game player that's like playing on my emotions and playing me like a fiddle that's playing a heightened seek like a turtle man. He's like a turtle. Of course, George can relate to the turtle part. But that's another story. But what I was getting to is, I mean, who do you really talk to? In other words, when you say to yourself, I'm going to think about what I'm going to do. You know, what do I mean? How do you think about it? Well, what do you do? You sit off in a corner somewhere. You're like, you know, stare at your navel in the mirror. I mean, what do you, what's there to think? You thought of what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, the thoughts up to you. If you're going to talk to people about it, I guess you just talked to your friends. I would have been able to want to talk to them about it. Well, then you stare at your navel. Is that it? I said, not a pretty sad. I'll say that. Well, if I turn around right now, there's a mirror deciding glass doors on a closet behind me. Oh, there's a big closet. Maybe I'll wheel right back into it. Since yesterday with my 30th anniversary coming out of the closet on KAT, which I'm sure some of the people out there remember that. And I sure have no regrets about that. All you closet queens out there, all you silly, you're sintering coward. See one thing I'm not crazy about is people who are cowards, you know? See one thing about people that are running hide, you know, the hide and seek, and like a great use to do. You know, like not answering people's phone calls, Greg Reed, coward. Like when I did the first show since we're coming up to that ninth anniversary of December 30, the first show on a station. And he had played fast and loose with our contract. And all of a sudden, we're going to not have a studio right here. I remember the conversation. I said to whoever, I mean, he had a tough call. Because that's what he always used to do. He didn't have the balls to call himself. So we had tough call here. And tough call to tell me, well, Greg's not really sure the studio is going to be ready by December 30. I said at that here's the message you can take back to Greg, the message is either QAM or someplace else. Some other station will have a studio on December 30 if it'll be on the other. And guess what? They had already. But took it right down to the last, I mean, the last minute, all night long, Corsa was working his ass off and equipment was coming in by a FedEx and UPS and like, just amazing, just pasted together with Elmer's glue. And then we did go on the year nine years ago, December 30. And what did Greg do on that weekend before we went on here on a Monday morning? He and his family took off for Chicago. They left they got out of town. When the going gets tough, Greg would always get going as far away as possible. Because he didn't want to be there for all the fall because he thought it was going to be a technical disaster. Were you there, Miguel or not? No. I know Josh wasn't. No, I was not. Well, you're lucky. Oh, all the way, we may do we're down there in a second floor and I make shifts to the, and then we went to that Wami crap. Well, was that a piece of garbage? No, why me can't be for that, didn't it? No. Really? How could Wami come before that? It was down on the second floor. Wami, got it sucks. That was, I mean, you talk about embarrassment. When I got here, you were up here already. I was already up on the turd floor, Nancy. And then of course, we're supposed to be the neo-rodge studio that Josh is sitting in right now. Yeah, that's funny. And then of course, what it turned out to be is the, uh, let's go in and play games with the studio and we got something to ball game to put on to farm out to some station when we got 16 games. We're not at the same time. And let's talk about the kids coming here and patch you around and mess around with both rooms that you guys are sitting in. Mess around with all those settings. And nothing has ever changed with that. This is a company that rewards you for the good job you've done with crap. They treat you. In fact, the better you do, the more they treat you like garbage. If you're like an embarrassing kind of, I mean, if you're one of those people that doesn't really even belong on the year, I don't want machine in. Take the mystery out of red they call. They're like that. Then you're like, uh, King of the Hell, baby, even doing a wrong. We're like the crow. Until he had that big falling out with somebody back there in accounting. Like, I got your crow by the try here, whole boy. I mean, there was a guy that anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail, Newton belonged on the year. But all day loved him because, you know, he wants to work. Just right. In fact, I think he used to wear one to work. Maybe that's why he had all that cashmere bouquet on. Man, did he smell? I mean, not in a bad way, but just in two good of a way. I was thinking you're a bad than cashmere bouquet, I've told you that many many of the time. Oh, look who sent me this thing about the traffic check, Vaughan and Daniel. I just noticed my old board-out Pete, Pete the chronic board-out. I just saw his name up there on top. Happy holidays to you, Pete. Good guy. One of the survivors of this business. 1336 votes on the pool. Kind of sounds like I'm like on a way out. Doesn't it sounds like I'm getting ready for a farewell song here? A little bit. I mean, you know, you leave the show. I certainly can't continue without you. That's right. Anybody believe in that? I can't certainly can't continue doing this without the communicating with my good buddy Jacob on my space. Now that we've removed him and he's removed me. Well, what we all want to know is how you're doing with that Howard? With what? With that mo. How are you doing with that him? Oh, I don't know. I remember him always saying that. Oh, what's he going to do with hi, Relieve? How did I manage all those years before he came and darkened our door? Oh, don't don't don't go. How we survived in the interim musncy life with those big ratings, huh? All these people are still out there listening, hang on. Every word. How do we do without you? Oh, how do we know it? Exactly. Even though he had never said that. 1337 man, we got that 14 I would like to assure you, you can say Greg is an evil door. The biggest name, so best talent to the faces of the real Rogers, force radio 560. You, A and I just great quit. I like to shave my legs, arms, and where we sleep to the new Rogers, want to do our own. All right. Oh, frosty, the snowman was accordingly for this guy. He was selling drugs, okay, cocaine for the people who would buy, went down to the village, to see new clients tell. Like all other said, I don't do the drug. I just like to wait now. But our friend met a tragic end when one day he was stopped, and that movie had made a deal, it turned out to be a cop. Oh, now he's in prison, making love to other men. No, he is in jail, but he had to face a period in the end. Humped in his rum rum, humped in his rum rum, the cat the candy fell. Humped in his rum, humped in his rum from all because of love. I wonder clocked at 560 WCM, you know where your children are right now, okay? Hopefully they're in school. Oh, no, forget that traffic checkpoint and Dima Beez, I still don't understand this thing. Thanks again, Pete the board up, but I don't understand it. It says, Brower deputies will conduct a traffic checkpoint operation tomorrow night, 710pm, in the 300 block of Dixie Highway, or the 5200 block of South West 40th have it, both in the Indian Beach. So in other words, it's like Fiddly Fiddly. Yeah, that's right. The other, the other, the other. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, stand above, Bota. Bicos of the Inspector for the effective safety equipment and motorists will be asked to show their drivers license, which hopefully will have a current address. Not some old address in Hall and there where you don't live anymore, registration proof of insurance. So that's tomorrow night in Dany Beach. Go over to Dany and go just stay on federal highway, go to Jackson's, you go on a big like bathtub fulls of good stuff, all like whoopy stuff they got, you know? See, you had those two experiences, you had a lot of females on the show Josh. Yeah, well, you can afford it, but I miss the free meals man. Yeah, but it will be making so much bucks now, you can afford to buy your own meal. Right. That's the sad part about this lunch that's never going to take place. I was going to buy what did you want their stage for that nail? Yeah. What a bunch of nuts jobs, you know? This past, I like to use send me this from Marty, appellers that appeal. I don't know how appellers are like more Jewish to me. APPE, ELZ, that appolar appeal. He's a PR guy, never heard you Marty, but have a wonderful chanooka. Triads for the Israel baseball league. Oh, first pro League in the nation. In the army stores, I'm the civil 29. You ready to try out? Let's see, we know we can't. You got two go in there, can't try out. I'll go last shy. He wants to go. Over the plays of experience prepared to play in the 1648 game schedule in Israel that begins June 24th, 2007. The trap will be run by former Red Sox General Manager, Dan DuPett. Also, President will be the League submission of Daniel Kircher, former U.S. Ambassador Israel, and Larry Burris, Creative League. Director of operations, Marty Berger, will also be on site previous tries of attractive players from 18 to 45, Jewish and non-Jewish, black, white, australian European, even has civic Jews. Wow. Man. It's Friday, December 29th, registrations in the 830 the morning of the Miami Country Day School. Six O'Tumnorth East 1073 Miami Shores. The league was conceived earlier this year and much progress has been made. Some hundred and twenty players will sign contracts for the first season. A lot of Sandy Co. facts is going to throw out the first ball. Ultimately, Israel will hope to compete in the World Baseball Classic. Previous trials are resulted in fascinating feature stories and packages about league and the individual applicants. There you go. The Israel Baseball League. We wish them all well and help them in that's bad. Don't be saying that now. Don't be talking that trash about all those great Israel Baseball League players. Yeah, that's right. The last being easier said that they are going to plan a cluster bond under every base. 1353 votes on the poll. I remember Jeb Bush most for helping his brother steal the 2000 election 547. But we got four, you know something if you'd have pushed it, Ben, of course you're not doing it now because you're on a way out. You know, you're taking an easy way. That's it. Yeah. No, if I would have pushed it, we've made 1500 today. Would that have been something or what? And I believe I already facts. Do I? Yeah. I already facts the poll for tomorrow to Eric. I could start that one early and tomorrow we'd go for like two thousand votes as Neil is on a way out. When did that he's on a way out? You know, I think it'll be a good time to wrap this whole baby up. You are finished with that poll cramp. What's that? In the spring, you know, like after the winter after the winter book April as I'm like on April do that thing like Craig Worthing used to do. I was talking about that last week. It all the old ladies upset every April Fool's day. Well today's my last day on the air. And I'm about about and I'm going to retire and all the old ladies would start calling and oh, just in tears crack you can't do that to us crack. All the happy doing it would be April Fool. Yeah. What the sun they saw you out of gas like April to the because that's good April to then they would believe it. Maybe I'll just come in and do the show on Sunday and say bye. And then on the next day I'd be on a plane because you know, let's get to the spring. It's a good weather and I'll like in Berlin. I'm stood on and all these places roam. Well, I can't wait to get back to my favorite try to be as in Rome. I got two of them. Why not the third Zidians are really good ones. I'm sure but there were two in particular. I just love. But nevertheless, when I think that's a good idea that's a game plan. All right April two and they can put mold back in here. They wouldn't get Christine and more on back on here. What do you say? Get a good sports show on here. Make clearance happy. He's another one that tries to throw a monkey wrench and everything we do on the show because it's not a sports show. And I told you about this morning. I said, one of the biggest problems would try to get, you know, things done and things done right is that this is not a talk station. It's not even a sports talk station. It's a sports nerd station. George hit a right on that right on the money because he started working on this place before I did because, you know, they didn't pay him to go away for seven months back. They paid me to go away for seven months. So I was like, you know, traveling the world and having a great time and he was working in production of QAM. And he said to me, he said, this isn't a radio station. This is a sports bar with a microphone. Everyone of the great lines of all time. And then once I got started, I realized he wasn't fun in me. He was right. Not a radio station. It's not, they don't know from talk radio. It's a sports bar with a microphone. You see the difference? Yep. I see it every day. And it's never changed because they know, they don't know from talk radio. They haven't got any idea. They don't even know how they'll work. They haven't got a clue how they'll work. What the components are? It's like, it's like trying to make breakfast or the, you know, a bowl of breakfast cereal without no what the hell, I'm putting the bowl. But I don't know. And you've got to go to the store first and buy some freaking cereal. And then maybe get some milk in for it in there and like with a spoon, you know, get a spoon. Hey, Joyce, get a spoon back to the place for it, honey. Well, she'll lose her or watch. She, she, she to me, epitomizes what's wrong with this company. Joyce, bitch. She's got no background in this business. She hasn't got a clue. And as a result, and of course, she also participated in some of the mistakes they made that put their freaking license in jeopardy. I don't want to mention how it's turned a bottle. And I told, and of course, you're buddy Greg, I told him, I told him. I said, I guarantee you the first day that you, the first day that you put that show back on here by nine o'clock at the morning, there'll be complaints filed with the FCC. Was I right? Absolutely, that is correct. But they wouldn't see them all listen to me because I don't know nothing. What do you know? I'm not a sports nerd like them. I'm a radio guy. So what the hell did I have in common with Greg and these people? And it's just like this whole other business has been going on. What the hell did I do? I haven't common with this person. That I was supposed to have a lunch with. Do I have anything in common with this person? I don't know. You thought? What? I don't know. You talked to him. I don't talk to him. How did I talk to him? Talk to him? Go ahead. Go ahead. Well, that's not talking. And I'm sure he was unsuspecting. I'm sure because of McGill in the beginning we are unsuspecting. There'll be a friend. I love the show. Bob, I'm a ball used to come by to put my profile on there. A little bit of he expect. A little bit of anyway of knowing that I would just become a basket case. How would he know that? Yeah, no way. No, that's him trying to make excuses for him. Now that's because I don't want McGill to feel so bad about ruining my life. I don't feel bad. Good. I don't need there. I serve by what I tell you last week. I'm a survivor. I'm survived. I've served by 20 years harassment and hassle of my life and my career by a one individual in Dave County going back to the Howard Stern business. And I got news for you. If I do this side of a territory, it's just how won't be because of that one or because of Jacob or any other business. It'll be because one of my friends talked some common sense. And I mean, I might as well enjoy all this. You know, it's money I've stashed away all these years. Might as well enjoy it. Enjoy life, baby. That's what it's all about. Enjoy life. Don't be a slave. They need this crap. 567056. Let's take a zillion good calls this hour and make Josh impressed. You know, because Josh, I'm like George, Josh can't be impressed. I can't. Especially when I said, hey, here's how much we're going to pay for that new gig get, you know, whatever. Oh, he was impressed. Yeah. Where do I sign? Please, where's the pen? Take a good sharp pin and then when you go. I cut it already in my pocket. Now, you know, he signed to be a virtual bell or he is that's still up in here. No, I have not signed the video. You shake hands on it? Not yet. It's like this. I'm just looking at him. I run his office right now and shake it. W 2 2 way M hello. You know, what about me? You make me feel like trash. I mean, because you are, that's because you are your subhuman. You're a subhuman trend. I'm going to be black. W 2 2 way M hello. Good afternoon, sir. How you doing? I'm doing okay. You sound like you're in better spirits. I really want to get 3 to the last week. I want to tell you how much I admire you for putting your part on your sleeve. Putting my hand which is very honest. This whole episode has been so unlike me and the stuff that I got online and wrote, if you could read it, you would just, I don't know whether you'd laugh or cry. You'd probably start crying. I have no idea what the hell inspired all that. You know, like I said, maybe it's late night, late late life crisis. I don't know, but it's just that this person got to me in a very emotional way. And I can't even tell you why. This is somebody I hardly even know. I think I, well, don't make hate of this. I think you and I are coming to the same fabric. So I kind of ampecise. I do know what you mean. And to tell you what, to put it out there like you did in this city of Seoul, it says so be. Yeah. Took more courage than Rummy, Cheney, and Bush combined. You know what I mean? Absolutely correct. I agree. If I say so myself. So you have a happy festival. It's just nothing else. And we're with you until the bitter end by friend. Okay. Good luck to you, Pally. Take care. Have the bitter end. It's coming soon. Maybe I can feel that I can smell it. You know? Of course, you know, it's nice having those checks coming a couple of times a month. Or maybe I'll just take a few months off, you know, like about 20 or 30. 13, 66 had erupted in my reading. I'm as very important. Pull that's bad. Hey, because it's a 100 here. You push it. Get out of here. Are you a crazy person or what? We, we're doing like some hallucinogens out there in Tahoe. Is that the deal? I wish. Maybe it's just too much of that air up there in Los Montanius. Maybe those dizzying heights affected your mind. It is beautiful out there. That's very nice. But it's really scary if you'd rather than a mountain road, thank goodness it was the middle of the summertime. Well, I'm not a big wild. I've never drive on a my vacation. It's a beautiful thing. What do you mean by that? I don't, I don't drive. Why not? You don't run a car. This conversation, like you go to Vegas. You run a car. I walk. Because, well, how are you going to get it? How are you going to go out into the mountains? They're in Vegas and take your pictures squatting on a border for crying out loud. Listen, our audience is going to want somebody every placement on there. You know what? They're not going to sit still for this. What do you like about squat right here on the air? They want to see you squatting on the red river canyon or red rock whatever the hell that place was. And of course, like I said, that it's a good place to escape going out there in the desert and the clear your mind. See, if I lived to be 100, this is the thing that always was going to bother me. I'll never said what we really still bothers me is I don't get it. I just don't understand what the hell this was all about. You know what I mean? It's an unsolved mystery in your life. But you do, you do what I'm saying though. Yeah, I got you. You know, the stuff I was just being played for a fool and an emotional old queen all along or if it was just if it just evolved that accidently. I mean, this is this is gotten really ugly ugly out of what? I don't know what's looking for ugly. Believe me when I go out, I'm not looking for ugly. 1368 votes. I'll remember our fat ass Governor Jet Bush most for helping his brother steal the 2000 election 560 almost 41% of votes. His whole law breaking family 235 interfering with Terry and her 244 overturning the voters on state amendments 80 the stupid FK at 80 being a great guy 76. I mean great fat ass guy his fat ass 42. His coasts-norting prescription forging daughter Noel 38. Opposing the slots 31 needlessly cutting down those citrus trees 24. I bet you George voted for that. I bet you George is all over this poll. Being on TV whenever there was a hurricane 24. I hate this poll 22.16% and being a right-wing goober as in Goober in a tutorial 18. Even like a crash. The cringe if I stole Christmas here's how it happened. I'll tell you who committed the real crime Jim County have wronged the devomination of a film completely missed the point only on Fox 18 at 56. You've ever been here on 13 and 85 votes on the poll. On your outgoing fan ask Governor by by, Jetbe. Jetbe is never dying. And our collectors paid about $2.00 million dollars for a thousand dollar bill. Printed in 1890 according to the auction house that broke into the transaction between two anonymous private collectors. You paid $2.00 million for a thousand dollar bill. Even at woodbind no kid to pay back like that. This $1.00 bill is one of only two known of its type. The other surviving examples is the museum at the Federal Reserve Education Francisco Greg Rohan president of Dallas based Heritage Arts and Gallery said Friday. By the way, I just got an amazing email from somebody that I don't think your Josh knows the Miguel does. Well, he's not here. So you go ahead. Oh, so I'm not good. Friend of ours in the Dave County, but nevertheless amazing. George good friend of George is also a Rohan said that type of bank notice known to collectors is Grand watermelon because the green strives zero is an examination one thousand printed on the back of the bill. Look like watermelon. It looked like the fruit only only two grand watermelon examples are known with red colored treasure to department seals printed on the front. The other half does in other surviving Grand Water Melonose have brown seals. He said a news release. The two point two million two and 25,000 of a price tag is more than double the previous record for an 1890 Grand watermelon note. The previous record for any bank note was two point one minute according to the Heritage auction. You know, watermelon is one of those foods that I like, but it's just too much worth to eat it. What do you mean? What does that mean? What do you mean? Just want to say. You buy the whole thing and cut it up. Yeah. But if you buy it already cut up for you. Yeah. If you buy sections with the seeds removed, the pits. But when you have to keep like get rid of the pits, it's what it is. What it pits? 13 94. My year right. We could have made 15 easy today. Wow. What does that mean? That must mean the somebody after his listening. So I think what I'm going to do with two o'clock. I'm going to go to my living room. I'm going to sit there and wait for the phone to ring because I know it'll be normal. I can't. And then I'm going to like examine my navel for the rest of them. Just going to sit there and then I'll wait for Galny to call if I meet a dinner. Maybe you'll take me to Ruth Christian. I like him probably for my own dinner. You know? Yeah. I think it good. I got Marie in Dodd's column. Now he's Miguel still out? Yeah. He's disappeared. Good. Well, I mean, I can be the cause he gets so aggravated when I read these columns. Oh, you know him. Especially if they're not about Cuba. Marie in doubt was one of our audiences favorite. She says farewell dense prince is from a Saturday. But I've been seeing this is when I'm on Saturday or Sunday. I guess I could still read it today. Absolutely. Yes. Change Baker ran after W. With a butterfly net for a while. But it's not clear that the inmates are still writing me a solemn. They defined ones came striding from the Pentagon yesterday that Trecha of Wayward Warriors marching abreast in their dark suits and power ties. W. Rummy and D. Cheney were so full of quick draw confidence that they might have been sunk right on the main drag of deadwood. Far from being run out of town that offenses our who rivals Robert McNamara for deadly incompetence has been on a victory life in Baghdad, Mosul and Washington. Yesterday's tribute had full military honors of color guard and 19 guns salute and old guard performance with marching musicians including piccolo players and revolutionary work costumes, John Phillips, Susan music and the chuckle had the neocons and ex-Rummy deputies who helped screw up the occupation Paul Wolfowitz and Douglas Fife chewing in the audience. It was surreal. The set to genuaries in who are generally dismissed initial advice to send more troops to secure a back being praised as the finest secretary of defense as nations ever had by his Palabice president even as a desperate White House drafted ways to reinvade a back by sending more troops in a grasping at Strauss effort to reverse the chaos caused by Rummy's mistakes. Just imagine the send off a defense secretary of Woodham-Gotten who had in sabotaged the army Iraq, global security, our chance to get Osama, our moral credibility, the deficit and American military confidence. Even Joyce, I'm sorry, even Joyce Rumphill, got a distinguished public service award driven placed around her neck. We'd like to place a ribbon around our Joyce's neck and tight real tight, you know? Remember that scene in the coo-coosiness where Miss Ratchett's and Nurse Ratchett's on the floor? Yes, what about the technical sentence choking and she's like her eyeballs are just bugging out of her head like that. Anyway, the grandiose ceremony future, everything but the gold play the matching sets of pistols, Tommy, Frankson, other field warrior and his wife Kathy recently received from a weapons manufacturer. He's had four stars in diamonds, hers rubies in their marriage date. W never seems as alarmed about the devastation of the magazine should be. He told people magazine, I must tell you I'm sleeping a lot better than people with a zoom. In full bread human this presidency was a joyful experience. He slacked off on his slacker effort to form a new Iraq plan. Can't these guys even order pizzas and pulse them all nighters? Mr. Bush was busy this week hosting Christmas parties for a press-core he distains, convening a malaria conference at the National Geographic, a doctor book of great Berkha Grace and Adamy, I say a Washington and presenting over here was the partial for the defense secretary actually dumped not because of incompetence but for political expediency. The rummy hoopla was away, I got to take a drink. Okay. Okay. It took up over rummy. Come down man take a breath. Well you relax. The rummy hoopla was away for WWE the signal had to see him getting a- like that. Mung, not a good sign. Was away for WWE the signal had to see you just read the Baker Hamilton study after reportedly denouncing it as a flaming calpye. Kind of he writes sickle the same time to Washington Post that she didn't want to negotiate with Siri and Iran as he actually group had proposed because the compensation might be too high. The Democrats thought that when they had won a election they wanted to baton the war and they had to be cornered but the president is leading towards surging over the Democrats voters Baker and the Bush 41 crowd and some of his own commanders. WWE seems gratified by the idea that rather than having his ears boxed by his father's best friend he's going to go down swinging or double down and they metaphor to his your on his macho bed in Iraq. He's reading about Harry Truman and casting himself as a feisty Truman but he's heading toward late LBJ. The White House budget office is stunning how much it'll cost to finance the surge and in fusion of 20 to 50 thousand troops into Baghdad to make one last try at victory. The policy would devolve from we stand down as they stand up to we stand up more and maybe someday they will too. Some servant commanders in on the favor of the surge because they fret that it will infant- infant- tantalizer rakeys even more about assuming responsibility for their own security. They also fear that the insurgents who have nowhere to go will outweigh but WWE would rather take a risk in Iraq than risk being a whimbed so it continued to wrap himself in muscular delusions asserting that on rummese watch the US military helped Iraqi people establish a constitutional democracy and the heart of the Middle East a watershed event of the story of freedom. Did Tain you offer this praise to his friend? On the professional side I would not be where I'm today but for the confidence that down first place in me those many years ago. Alas we wouldn't be where we are today either. She said. Nice going Marine Queen. Very nice. I'll just back by the way. Well it's good thing I'm done reading that. I was getting choked up. Now what was asking him? I was saying that I got a very fascinating email from I'm sure he knows the person. Mutual friend of mine in Georgia. Okay. You know I'm talking about? No. And Dave County. Well I'll tell you during the break. Okay. Minor hope he wants his name on here not way too get here the good news that I just saw. Boy things that we do are coming up now. Wait a minute there's Brady Quinn again sneak down my that's not good. I don't want to do that. Okay. 1404 on the pool. Is that impressive or what? It is. We got more than half hour. It's due. Right in the middle of Chinooka here. Well we're not going to get like no 1500. You're going to get 90s votes in 30 minutes. Let's give us the dream and man forget about it. No you see you don't set your sights on something you know you're going to fail. I you know. Be like over to pound 90s. There's some working for Greg Reed again. You don't want to do that. Stick with Joe Bell. He's he's you know weak. He's weak. He's like yeah but he means well he's a good guy. I think is he good guy? Yes he is. Well you gotta say that. No I he's really a good guy. Yeah and I think he is. I felt sorry the conversation with him on the phone this morning because he felt I thought he was going to cry you know. They wanted to stay until I grow. I would mind doing that with some slightly reduced hours you know like maybe working like three hours a day maybe like Monday, Wednesday, once in a while on Friday. Do you want to have me? Oh yeah. For the same money of course. Now that Christmas tree it may be the last one that you see. Take a great your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead. Sunday we'll all be dead. It might happen nearly a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens it will soon soon to you. So be sure on Christmas Eve and you're snuggled into bed. That you think God bore your family because someday there'll be dead dead dead someday there'll be dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas and the sun left in their short life? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings feel your hand. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead dead dead. Someday we'll be dead dead dead. Every one you know, a very merry Christmas to you. Merry Christmas to every Friday. Happy to know, whatever else you're touching around with these days. It's 133. But this thing is flown by today I'll tell you. That's because Josh is back for one of his last shows. I think I'm getting a raw throat. I may be out. Hey, nobody do. All bit Tuesdays. I'm serious. I'm good like a scratchy throat. That's not a good sign. Maybe I'm just choked up. You think? Could be. Anyway, that was by request from Joe. Joe says my daughter's an outweigh celebrating winter solstice later this week and we'll also celebrate when Jeff leaves. Have you ever seen Jeff and Rick Sanchez together? Same person. Good point, Joe. Also, I got a word like here that two of the children singing about someday will all be dead. Thanks for sticking around, you know, it says, well, I'm here today. I'm going to tell you why that message you're always talking about. Yeah, for email. Yes. And what do your thoughts? Without getting out of one of your names for civics? Keeping in mind that I'm not a vindicted person. Yeah. Well, obviously, no, but funny. It was very funny. Good guy, by the way. He's going to be up here. My good friend. See, there's a friend. There's a good guy. And he also, by the way, looks a lot better than the other one. I'm also not interested in hopping on his bones or anything like that. But he's a good guy. Am I right? Yes, you are. Okay. See, there you go. See, oh, I gotta say that too. You know, because that's right. Because I might maybe you'll have a bad, you know, have the wrath of God. You know what? That's right. Yeah, and you know, the sorry part, I hate to keep dwelling on this, but I'm going to, you know, I'm just, this is stream of consciousness. That's what I do want to show. And it's, uh, I'm unconscious. You know, see, I was looking for an apology from anybody. I was looking for it. Just, just a response like anything could have closed this whole chapter out for everybody and made life so much more pleasant. But some people either ARK players or B, they're too stupid to realize that. Just say, I like, like give you 800 examples. Sorry, didn't work out. Didn't mean any harm, have a great life. Well, well, like that. You see what I'm saying? Or just f off and get that all the way and you're a crazy person. Anything, anything at all no matter how cost it, how you follow them saying? Yeah, never been it. Never been the and of course, I'm sure that the advice is being given. Oh, well, if you responded, all, that's just going to perpetuate it. That would have been very nice. Goodbye. Have a great life. Ecknowledge my existence. Okay. That's all. Well, that's not the way the cards were dealt. But no, that's not the way some people deal in life. And I come to find out, like I said in the beginning of the show, from several people I've talked to and launched the attendees or so, that this seems to be part of the course for a lot of people. They don't have the balls to look for you in the eye or even go online, uh, anonymously and say, whatever, you know, bye bye. Nothing. Much less, of course, answer a phone. That's why I still, you know, that's all I would want. Not an apology and of course, I'm not going to happen. Do I care? No. I'm like I said, I'm going to sit there on my sofa, staring out the window. The sunny shining and a two bad. See what the temperature is here in, uh, hog town, a few little hog tied. Oh, it's a 41 not too bad. Gonna be 45 that they actually, uh, there's no such thing as little the warming, but it's going to be in the 40s all week here. It's like almost the end of December. Oh, I guess what's coming on Wednesday morning, Josh? What's that 11 30 in the morning on Wednesday? Uh, ratings. Trend. That's it. Second trend of the fall book, baby. That's how we go out in real style, man, with big fat juicy numbers, just as thick a downjoy says, trope. 560, 560, palm 560 and the Verizon signal rivals line. WDQAM, hello. Not there on two, but that's your loss, man. That's your loss. WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I was just simply, uh, delighted to hear George came out of the closet. Yeah. Okay. Ah, ah, same old tired crap boring WDQAM, hello. Oh, yes. Hey, y'all, get that gambling problem under control. We could sign anybody. I think. Yeah, that's right. Good, good point. Now, okay, I'll get some therapy. Get my gambling problem under control. In fact, a good way to do it is go ahead and play about 50 grand with a back game in a section, and then you do it. There you go. We'll play online. That's fine. Talking about what we're else, do you play back game? And is there like a back game in a place where people go and, you know, like a, I'm sure you have an area man. You're asking me if there's a domino park, certainly a detroit. Maybe he hangs out at back game in park. After when you think after his round of golf. Yeah, maybe maybe also, he would like me to take up my wrong since I'm getting up in the old in years. Good time to start taking my wrong. WDQAM, hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing there? I'm doing okay. Great. I'd like to thank you for your advice. I went out and spurred on a DLP TV Samson variable picture. It is. Oh, it is, man. And I'd like to thank you for all the years and entertainment since the day to day and whatever your decision is. Good luck to you. Thanks a lot, Sally. You're a good man. Hi, I am. All right, but thanks take care. See you. Now, there's a good guy. I mean Josh thinks it's not good because he's sucking up and kissing my butt, but what's wrong with that? I'll tell you it's that time of the season when people are supposed to be nice even if they don't really want to be. You know, I mean, so I thought after all, it doesn't fit with the ambiance of the territory, but nevertheless, as Danny Galliman would say, the territory for he sure was constipated, Danny Galliman. A lot of if there's any old leaf games on right now on least TV. I don't know. There's not the red wings. Oh, there's Mike Murphy. Well, it was he a good coach or what. He's stuck. He was bad. By the way, how about those make believes, man? He wins in a row. Maybe let's get a little hockey talk going here. Who knows that? You know a lot of times it's tough because you just don't have enough yeah, we know. Let's get some hockey going. We got guilty and sound now. Still hasn't invited me to lunch. Oh, see, I'm going to take that personal. Nobody wants to go to lunch with the old man, you know? In fact, I just farted. I was so upset about it. I really thought. Huh? Maybe that's why. Yeah, we want to see when you get to be my age. You start doing it like unconsciously. You start like dropping bombs. You know, just oh, I think something just happened there. WKOM. Hello. You next job to be the US presidency. Do you do? Do you do? Don't you QAM? Hello. Oh, yeah, you over it. Yeah, because you're still talking about him. How big of a friend? No, the guy's at dump too and you're obviously not going to do it. You got to dump me? Yeah, they got to dump me. Get a life-smok. WKOM? Hey, you know, you know, what I remember when I think of Bill Bushter of Florida when he had those deviate plans to the class sizes. Yeah, right. I'm going to have got number two. Any stand-in-law? Go ahead. What amount do you get at speedless, buddy? Beautiful. Beautiful thing. They had a seatless watermelon? Yes, they do, sir. It takes pretty damn good. It's got to get at the right time of the year. That's all. I'm going to go out and take some to the end. I'm going to pick a few. For example, I'm picking one right now. Look at that one. Wow. Have you ever seen a seatless watermelon? I know they had a seatless like, you know, see those great fun seatless oranges? Well, why not? I told you to get that. It's already precut for you. Ready to go. Really? Well, I'm getting a little CD and I old age and how that goes. How are we doing on that thing? I see you. I wish you wouldn't have said that about to see 1431. Our goal is 1450. Okay. See, when you said 1500 was so damn late in the show, they couldn't have done that. Even if they meant it as an outpouring of love and emotion. I mean, what the hell is it? Proved and proven anything? Who's cares? Who's keeping track? You know? You think that big talk show guy up in the sky is sitting in with his little wiki board and he's like a computer? Oh gee, our Rogers got 1450 and he didn't make 1500. He's got a burn in hell. You like that? You mean, what does all of a? I think that's the way it works. He's up there with his big back end in board and Scott. Never heard any more from Harry and Detroit. I guess maybe because I rejected his second email or whatever like that. I guess there are a lot of people. You know, they just did it with a little bit online and they vanish, you know? Especially if they don't hear whatever they wanted to hear. Strange. 19 till two if you and Hank had four to five with a mad dog and they power our and then of course we got mad dog coming up with two. He's taken it off and stunk and I didn't see any of it. I didn't even watch the I taped the Patriots game because I knew was even even the Patriots is bad as they played the last weeks against Detroit and they couldn't possibly lost that game. And so I just watched the scores on my black bar. I kept you know, pace and then I turned over the dolphin thing. I see 7-0 at the half buffalo and then 21-0 at the end. Hey! Stench of cow manure. Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. I thought oh the same in Arizona is in big trouble again. I guess they're not gonna run the table. Remember all that crap about all say run the table. Yeah. Probably in the Permanent Republic baby only in Miami. Why's the night before Christmas? The whole house was narrow. I had creatureless spirit because I had my gun under the pillow. When I found the roof, I heard something about. I'm just gonna run them. Shinyo. Yo! Keep it down! When what do my wanderer and I should appear, but the dawn of all else. Any frigid rain be? With a slack that is snouts and a young color mane. The curse running shouted leaves. The cold of my name. Yo Tony, the fric is your Joey. Your veto. Hey boy, hey Benny. Here I go. Hey Guido. With respect black hair and a red silk suit. Dawn Christopher was here and he brought the loot. As I drew out my gun and hit by the bed. He flew through the window and slapped me upside the head. What the hell are you doing? I got on the phone. No, all you get in this cold. You're frigging more on. Then point in a finger right up my nose. He twisted his pinky ring. And up the chimney he rolled. I didn't hide him yell out. When I reached expected. My refridging Christmas warm. And his battle showed fun respect. 147. What's up for those guys? We got 147. Some odd man. We got a lot of odd. And by the way, Johnny G. I don't want to have lunch with you. And just go away. You know, Johnny G from our Am I spacing? Yes, we go. Yes. A loyal listener, but maybe a little bit, you know, just like me. Made a little bit overboard. You know what I'm saying? I go overboard at times. He goes, uh, just come down. Finish your serial Johnny G and have a great life. He goes back somehow. Okay. So just forget about him. He's good guy. Just leave him alone. For 1443. Oh, we could have done it. You know what? If Joshua had just dropped in a couple of hints of reminders along the way, no longer he's leaving this show, you know? And that's not not good. It's not good. I mean, you got to do what's good for you and there's a lot of extra money in there. And like I said, maybe you'll leave me and you're will. All of a sudden, I'm sure I'm going to be pushing up days as much sooner. Uh, I'm sure it's a hope so. Yeah, I hope so. What do you mean by that? Well, I'm listening. What are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. I'm only 64. I'm only like, you know. That's the new 40, right? That's that's correct. I'm only like so if I'm only 40 and a young 40, it makes me like about 35. 1444. We could have made 151. So easy today would have been like falling off a rack. A rock falling off a rocky risk. Grating on the middle of the Vegas Desert there. 1446 votes. I might just take our fight up on it off or he made, you know, I'm a girl. The one at that email. Yeah. What are you laughing about? I'm not talking about what you're thinking, you know? Okay. Well, he's only one of the people I know who makes offers like that. But nevertheless, it's just not me. It's just not, I'm just not an evil, hateful, vindictive person. I'm not. And so dang good thing. Yes. 1447 votes on the pool and leading by far, I remember Jeff Bush most for helping his rubber steel the 2000 election in Florida, five 90. How could anybody forget that? And don't forget Jeff's girlfriend, Katherine Harris, who ran a tremendous campaign for US and oil us by what about 90% something like that. She was good. WQAM, hello. Hey, hold on, let me get you a big hug there. Yes, sir. I moved out of the, uh, got for sick and bottom of the planet. And about six months ago. And I'm like ready for views. That's pretty cool, Ryan. But I just want to say that dolphins, once again, will be in their own backyard, to the Super Cooking Burger. So. Yes. And thanks for all your entertainment. I'm listening on your net. And I'll keep doing it. Where are you? I mean, uh, it's safe Milwaukee. But the vacuum. Good. Good, brought to the anyway. Good, brought in beer. They do brought in beer and it's, you know, nice people in different worlds. There you go. Well, have a great, uh, whatever, Pally. You have a good one. See. Back. I got to have. There's a guy listening online in Milwaukee. And they're good. Good guy. I told you, Josh, you are such a, you're, yeah, I think you've got it from George, you know? Such a scenic. That was a good call. Nice. Such a scenic. It was a good guy. Well, he sucked up a little bit too, but not, not, you know, heavy duty. You know, not kissing kissing kissing, kissing, like you like that. 14, 47 on a pole. Man, I am just, I'm stunned and shocked and pleased. You know, and almost makes me want to we consider this, uh, whole retirement thing, you know? Almost. I don't know. It's one of those things. You know, if I could come in like maybe one day a week. Well, what are you laughing about? For about a half an hour. And then George could fill the breach of rest of them. I give, I'm sure they give George a really big raise, you know? That's George, I'm going to lead in my will. So you think I'd lead in my 100 grand? Yeah, that'd be good. Yeah. Here, then, that was also a hairy and Detroit, you know, the back am in guy. He was also going to give me a lecture about that. At the same time, it was tell me how to lonely I am. And I should find some cute young soul. Well, man, this is, yeah. It's a radio show here. Here, you don't know me from SWAT, from Moishi Povek or Macy Pidbick, depending on which side of the Gaza Strip you're a squat man. WM2QAM, hello. I think I believe in my upzone. No. Yes, sir. What are you going to have open our business for Josh's up? Open our additions? Yeah. When health reasons over, Pally, how do you like that? Open our business for your job. I think he meant open ended. I was wondering if I'm a friddy was right about that. I don't, do I? WQAM, hello. How's sad, huh? How's sad that when it is man? They're going to cut him off and a freaking butterfly in it. Do about it didn't get on the air again for the eight million times, okay? You pathetic troll, man. pathetic troll. That's another thing that this radio station has not done, and Joe Bell keeps threatening that they really want to, he wants it to a lot of stuff, but they just don't want to do it. They just, they don't really have the desire to do what it takes to do things professionally and do it right. And so I sit here and fumble my way through and do the best I can under, almost impossible circumstances. And that's it. That's the measly F in way. Listen, whoever replaces me should just start screaming. You are a safest, do we really? I was a joke. You're sad, I'm going to get to you in touch with somebody on my space page. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Okay, good one. Okay, listen, I'm glad you wanted to more good ones on that before we have to depart. That would be really great for a Monday. WQAM, hello. QAM. We still on here. Well, there's no air out there. WQAM, hello. Probably probably, yes. Yeah, okay. That's where you place you with one of the Carlos things that the shooting range. One of those moving targets. That's where you place one of those with him. And let the whole audience come and just have a real good time. So anyway, it's good at that time. I got to get myself into proper frame of mind. I sit in the other room and I'll still out the window. You know, I'll sit in not a bad view. See if there's anybody in twisting looking outside, wandering around, go out and grab them. You know, just grabbing the street and grabbing somebody. He's saying, hey, come on in for the holidays. Let me put a big smile on your face. That's all a good idea. I don't know. 14.55. But it's, you know, something that breaks my heart. I've been heartbroken a lot lately. I've been an emotional old basketball case. But it this breaks my heart when we could have had 15. And you know what I would have meant? Nothing. Absolutely. Positively. Nothing. In the tunnel, it's better than my camera. It's big. You plan me, child. I'm flying, so. WQA. And I lie from Rijel 7. It's the Neo Hunter show. I like to ease open so important writing. That the of time I feel that regret and piping. Now, with the guys all I don't sing of king. This is my favorite hotel in O'Keele. Yeah, I love the way that bit ended. The bitch haven't been the same since her. Go cut, die and die, no. Yeah, I had done with somebody quite great through. Yeah, but then I didn't go much of dancing. Of course, it's not easy. Flying back there from Rijel 7. Right on. Thank God. They'll go. I'm here. They'll go. It's all over for you, push, lips, stuck on earth. Yeah, president, no. Well, if you're lucky that crackhead is the last push to rig an election. Who's on this line? WQA, Mr. Rogers. Speaking. I was in the public chocolate liquor today. Sir, and let me tell you the clipout coupon in Thursdays paper on a shaving. I discovered to my son. No, it's easy. It's not a good one. It's not a good one. No, it's not. It's not too far 99 cents on the contrary. Got him off. It was too breakstone for 99 cents. No. I don't know about you. That's right. It's right. It probably took breaksstone for a price at all. Breakstone's cottage cheese. When they're coupon clearly stated. Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails. Now, who's this line? Line 7 and 9. Clean on penal colony. Hello? I forgot into that. Three tires. So, okay. Now, that note. You know, I got a really close to you. Hit my contract. How about a one minute show, huh? Ha! You can throw the other three minutes. That's right. For all country of finance next. George. Bye, bye, bye. Bye, bye, bye.