Sports right in our country. Anybody in your case will be your right. Who is it? And I'll put it up. It's another sports show for Christ's sake. Another sports show for Jesus. God. What's going on? That's a fun. There is a prize. And the number is a scene. And every day it goes up. And until the number starts with three. So I put the nozzle in. And I try not to scream. Nazzling. Because my car, it really sucks. This expensive gasoline. We all pay for expensive gasoline. Our age is gasoline. Christy gasoline. Every day is all cost they gasoline. Excessive gasoline. Excessive gasoline. We all pay for expensive gasoline. Okay, my first suggestion to you right off the bat. Right off the bat. It's quit acting like crazy people. How much would you pay for people we're against today? About 30 minutes. Man, it's way too late. I hope you told them that yesterday. Quit acting like crazy people. I love this morning. George was out there acting like you're crazy for a minute. I'd like to get you to get to work. That's all. You know, not voting. No, we're going to vote for him. Yeah. We'll go like that. Get on a bicycle. Take the metro mover. Take a cab and charge it to the company. Oh, brother. So my paycheck didn't drop on Friday. And I want to go through a whole song of dance about that. Because the audience is used to my whining about not getting paid on payday. But the bottom line to that is I had put in the call. I had to tell the story right on the box before I forget because this is one of the greatest anecdotes in the history of Randown. You're making it up. No, I'm not making it up. I'm not making it up. I'm not creative enough to make this up. So I called Norma Kent my first while attorney agent queen whatever she is. Come to find out. He's not returning any messages. And I find out by calling his house that he's on vacation in Vancouver. So I called his cell phone. I love to couple of messages. And then I forgot about it. Because I figured, well, screw him. One clock in a morning, I'm in bed sound asleep just sound asleep and the phone rings. So don't you figure when the phone rings one or two in a morning. It's probably some kind of an emergency. Of course. That's what most rational people would think. So I jump out of bed. Instead of running in there like a few hundred years ago and smashing my head in the table in the dark. I walked very, you know, bush like, I live in room picked up the phone. And it was normal returning my call. I said, don't you realize it's one o'clock in a morning? He said, oh, oh, no. He said, 10 o'clock at night here. He says, I thought, I'm in Canada and you're in Canada. We'd be on the same time. And he was serious. I'm in Canada and you're in Canada. So I figured we'd be in the same time. What an idiot. What an idiot. And this is my agent and attorney for those of you who wonder why I'm still working my ass off on this radio station. Unbelievable. Just absolutely unspeakable. And you really thought I made that up. I mean, that's pretty hard. You're really a real. It's beyond belief. Oh, that's what Norma said. It's hard to swallow, but he'll try. Just so that's what I got. Popped time hanging up when I got. Anyway, here's the A.A.M. We'll have a new one this hour. But, although the now MSNBC is obsessed, the FBI says, polygamous, hugely, the war in Jeff's was a recent Las Vegas. And we're supposed to be all booked up into our friends about that. We gotta worry about Ernesto. We can't worry about war in Jeff's, okay? We gotta worry about Ernesto and the DNA didn't match. And all of these are all of these kinds of things. We can't be worried about some polygamous, pervert lunatic that wants to rape young girls. That's what that's all about, sure. And of course, it's very big out there in Utah, where all the more on the religion is star. There's really, there's not that much of anywhere else. Is it in the US? The whole Mormonism and the polygamy thing? Yeah, pretty much Utah things. And so Utah thing. And of course, orange hatch is from Utah. And you can't wait that in mind. Just something for the back of your mind. Anyway, we'll have a new advisory on Ernesto at 11. So probably around 10.45 if Georgia might as well as me and I'll whip it out of there. And if you've caught this morning, Ernesto moving over water just to the north of Cuba, expected to strengthen, it might and then again it might not. A tropical storm warning in a hurricane watch now and effect from New Smurna Beach, Southward on the East Coast, including Lake Okatobi, from Venetabee, Southward on the West Coast, and for all of the Florida Keys from Ocean Reef to the Drive toward Tubas. A hurricane warning may be required for portions of South Florida and the Florida Keys later this morning. A tropical storm watch remains an effect from north of Vanita Beach, Northward to Anglewood on the Florida West Coast. A tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watch are still an effect for Andrew Syle and the Barry Islands, the Middle East and Graham Bahamas, the North Western Bahamas. A tropical storm warning remains an effect for a ragged island and a great exume in the central Bahamas. At 8 o'clock this morning, the center of Ernesto is, and again, it's still a tropical storm. 45 mile an hour winds right now, but expected to increase. It was located near, and that's not the big thing anyway right now. It's going to be lots and lots of rain. Center was located near Leititude 22.8 north, Longitude 79.3 west or about 200 miles, South East of Key West and about 250 miles, South southeast of Miami. Well, my God. Ernesto is moving toward the northwest at near 14 miles an hour and this general most expected to continue for the next 24 hours. Now that, see, I don't understand that. Pacific continues moving toward the northwest and it doesn't make the north or the turn that they've been predicting, well, and I'll just read it. Yeah, what do you know? On the forecast track, the center of Ernesto will be near the Florida Keys or South East Florida by this evening. However, swallowing rain bands by moving on shore in these areas during this afternoon. So if I were you, I'd get off there like a crazy person right now. The roads are very clear as is the a herald website. A lot of traffic. Yeah, except for like a crazy person trying to get gas. And do not do not take a whole bunch of cans. This is what people are doing. Yeah, a lot of the reasons that there's so many shortages. Maybe you got everybody whipped up into a frenzy. And so as a result, people not only filling up their tank, topping off their tanks, doing all of these things, but they're also taking like all these jugs and all these big containers and getting extra gas. We'll stop and figure it out. Okay, if each person gets like an extra five gallon can or whatever they're going on. Yeah, five gallon can. You should have seen the backs of the pickup truck standing in the gallon can. They're getting a hundred gallons each. I'm serious. They got the backs of trucks filled with like 25 gallon cans. Well, it's a good thing that the president got the gas price for your lower floors anyway. Reports from an air force we caught a suns air crack indicate that the maximum sustained wind remain in your 45 miles an hour with higher gusts. Some strengthening is forecast during the next 24 hours. Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 85 miles from the center. The minimum central pressure reported by the reconnaissance plane was 29.74 inches. Rainfall amounts of 3 to 6 inches were isolated amounts of up to 10 inches, expect real recent Cuba. Rainfall amounts of 2 to 4 inches would isolated amounts of up to 6 inches, expected over a central Cuba. These rains should or could cause life threatening flash floods and mudslimes. Or maybe if it ever could kind of mudslide, you think. Couldn't get it with that poison pen. Better drink. Rainfall amounts of 1 to 2 inches would possible isolated amounts of 3 to 6 inches. Possibly over the Bahamas, which we don't care about any of them with all due respect. Rainfall totales of 5 to 10 inches, possibly over portions of each student's other in Florida and the keys through Wednesday, through tomorrow, with isolated amounts of up to 15 inches, possibly over southeast in Florida. 15 inches. Do you have any idea how much rain that is? I don't know. A little. And in the main, isn't that interesting? This is the anniversary of Katrina. They're all hot kind about Katrina and bushes they're doing as photo opportunity. And that's something, huh? The Lord works in reading mysterious letters. Coastal storm surge flooding of 1 to 3 feet of abnormal tide levels can be expected in areas of unsure flow within the warning area. Let's see, the next advisory 11 o'clock is morning. So it'll be out around 10.45 and George will say, Hey, guess what? Go get that thing. I hear the evidence that we are, I'll show you the pull result from your pull yesterday because I got all this other stuff. All these people are right. And then of course the DNA didn't match. See, he even gets up stage by her canes and stuff. Another shame? Although I think he got more than his 15 minutes of fame when you say, Hey, Dranchan, please! 810 votes on George's pull yesterday. What stresses you out the most? The administration, 219, the Bush crowd, the fascist, the neo-Nazis and the O'Conns. Second injured child, 108. How's that like you're at the sick of injured child? It's like indoor injured, you know, if you're having problems of that nature. Oh. Driving in South Florida 1003, roads are nice and clear today. It's as the hero, don't blame us if they're not. Psycho spouse or partner, I wonder why George put that on her 99. No reason to particular. Hurricanes 83. Hurricanes all of this stuff like it's going on right now. Not working 69. Work 55. Power outed. How about not getting your paycheck on payday? That's about the only thing that really stresses me out. Not getting paid on payday. It just really frost my fat old ass. Only habit about 2030 times a QA. Power outages 42. Car travel 19. How about running out of gas? Yeah. Practing in life 7, especially when you were in a spouting it. And wondering where or when the next terrorist attack will be, Only 6. Solament they say, not too many. In spite of the fact that trying to whip everybody up into a friend, they might just have to pull that off between now and November to remind you folks. Although they would never do such a thing. About what a great child the Republicans are doing for attacking us all from those evil doors. There's nothing worse than drinking evil doors. The United States is called out to police yesterday to manage your run on the pumps with lines of cars blocking traffic and fuel trucks unable to about race demand. And I'm sure that the local media once again are doing all their best to get everybody whipped up into a state of frenzy and to make sure they go out there and act like crazy people. That's the way to do it. People are panicking. Said next Alvarez who's sunshine gasoline distributor supplies 200 gas stations between Miami and West Palm. We're going to run out of product. That's what George is dealer told them too. We're going to run out of product long time ago. The friends you call the aftermath of hurricane will know when the October storm idle hundreds of fuel stations across our photo for nearly a week and create a gas lines that stretched for blocks as you'll recall. She wasn't there then and I'm out there now. Another good reason not to be there. Although I'm noticing that this thing is the track. The supposed forecast track after it blows through the alley and right on up Florida. They got to go and I'll just off the coast of Charleston straight up the middle. Like right through Pittsburgh and right across Lake Ontario. So maybe I can maybe it will finally come up. I can say hi Ernesto. Some of the chaos at that time during will most stem from the region's main fuel the boat port ever blades losing power. While Ernesto the forecast to be much weaker storm and more generators are in place at the port as well as the gas stations. Industry executives are predicting a quicker recovery this time. Thanks God. We now have generators standing by just in case they've had McCollum. What's his name? Robert whenever his name was. David McCollum or was that show? I don't know. Robert Vaughn. Now to head you don't to catch a thief. No. David McCollum spokesman for SIPCO I supplied the average. He said we're keeping extra products in the tanks. Well who now wants to put SIPCO gas in there car anyway. I'll take anything at this point. You would use SIPCO gas should not put in that microwave. But motorists appear to be preparing for the worst yesterday lines of gas stations in Kindle. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. The wind is blowing up. In back Alex Bennett for God sake though yourself a favor will you pal Faster to have any liquids. I'm not telling no you must be jealous Hey, no need for yelling. Let me get my supervisor Ellen Sir, are you yelling for your question? He's gonna burn a knee. Let's see what the dogs are smelling They were so don't yell for your cut me you're indolent Let's go and get my you'll be dwelling Oh great in that great 2018 in 560 WQ a man. We're gelin and you're smelling I'm telling that right now. We got mad dog That's right. We got to do a lineup. It's my first day back on the air with a new lineup I was K Walker saying was gonna rip their ass. What's that all? I want that I don't know I'm not look at the first of all. I have listened very little It's not fair to make an assessment of any show in like one or two days. Have only been on two days now We'll say this the Josh court has did report this morning that Vokamper won't shut up And it's basically the Kimbo camp or show bump up. And you say that I say that I hear Bo camp or a lot. Yeah, yeah too much See I like to be better. We run. Yeah, I've read a here. Can you walk about 95% of the time and then Vokamper like maybe once every couple of hours? I once between 7 and 10, but nevertheless I'm not gonna how can you make any judgment? I've only listened for maybe a total three or four minutes So I'm not gonna rip those guys the only thing I will say it's another sports show Oh my god Glon get some gas by the way. Oh there they're just obsessing about this Warren's seed Jeff's who's on the FBI's top 10 most one list. Here's another good change of subject deal. This great Let's see we went from the war and I rack Which of course everything's just fine here now? I got some good stuff about good people in a minute We went from that to the Middle East to Lesbron and the Israelis and then we went to David Mark Carr And now that's kind of we're now because of the NBA been matched and now we got the Warren Jeffs and of course We got our nest though, right? Right. What's that to like right? Just keep changing the subject. This was all about plus we got the anniversary of Katrina and everybody's there in new Orleans and things aren't like much Different than they were a year ago and certainly no money for medical care Are we building the hospitals that taking care of people or a dime over there? But hey, we got this war and just the suspect these are suspected of arranging all this polygamy stuff Face is federal charge of our mothl flight to avoid prou, prosecution and they arrested a near Vegas See vaguence go to two places people who want to go to hide Florida and Vegas right? All right sure two places and just like all those terrorists those the slime balls those the scumballs Okay, let's see what we got on the pool here 834 votes in my pool for today It's not too bad. We'll make a thousand even on a day like today when everybody's running around like chicken little That's what I would do I would run around in circles with that that's exactly what I was thinking making that Like that just all day it'll keep you out of trouble Then you don't need any gas to do that what celebrity or athlete are you most tired of now? You know who I voted for even though he's only fourth on the list and this is what inspired me to do the pool I am say if I have to hear about Tiger Woods ever again I made plots I just can't take it. He plays golf, you know and all of a sudden when you're expecting at least You're watching the news you're watching something maybe comedy central whatever you're watching And here's a clip of today's golf sermon and there's Tiger when he just made that exciting putt He's like yeah Like that, you know, he's having an nervous breakdown I mean he doesn't need the money now He's only got about a billion dollars So it can't possibly be that he's got the attractive blonde young wife So so it's got to be ego at this point, right? Often is which I don't deny him anything whatever he wants more I just don't want to hear about it. I don't want to see him. I don't want to hear his name It's just silly crap, you know It's one step away from people playing poker on TV. It's the world series of poker Celebrity poker how about anonymous poker people that we never heard of people like all the slippers off the street At least they need to transfer the jackpot, right? Right. Let's some crackpot when the jackpot instead of all these big celebrities playing poker See that that's what I first thought that was the sign of the end of the world when people watching other people Playing cards on television, but no, you know what it really was boy Talking John Marker every day Defending him the word coming here telling reporters that We're just getting word now that there will be no hearing is that correct? See that the fact that she is on the air the fact that that's the fact that anybody would put her on the air is so Just outrageous and unacceptable It's positively unbelievable. I just can't even relate to it. She can't speak You know, it's one thing we had broke on here all those years Bob a wall wall on it Both have speech defects, but this broad can't even speak it's like her vocal cords have been sinned sure Like there's been a force firing her larynx with heartled with turpentine that that's exactly it with hydrogen peroxide turpentine and valvoline Oh, if actually you can probably use some Vasily and I'm vocal cords It's so aggravated like fingernails on a blackboard In fact, you know that bit we got that eight sounds. I think we found the ninth one Yeah, nine sounds that you hate I can just hear that one comment with her voice on there. What a voice Anyway, did I ever get to the pool? I don't think I did no What's the celebrity or athlete or you most heard of by the way to movie I recommended very highly to George and Josh for brothers with Marky Mark Workwell bird and then a bunch of other people many of them Marky Mark and like bunch of guys pretty dark But it's an excellent one was on the table last night. What? Well, it's about the you're not You're so adopted by a white lady in Detroit and two white kids in the two black guys So it's Marky Mark and the funky bunch. That's correct and they come back later on to revenge You're heard that their mothers give their adopted mothers killing and a lot of violence and a lot of bloodshed and shooting car chase It's good you like it the movie that I saw that was actually horrible awful And George already warned you about this one good night and good luck. Yeah good luck is right good luck Stayed awake and you wasted time seeing that good luck to the night part is accurate Yeah, boy, this you'll be in a coma. I know right out. It's like wasn't into Kim Bo Kemp or put you into a coma That bum me out because it's an important You know, you have not the only good part and of course I can say because I'm an old far so I live through all of that stuff The Army McCarthy hearings and there's Joe McCarthy and all his red baiting and all the other stuff And the right cone and his boyfriend G David Cheyne which they barely been mentioned that just barely But that's the problem is they showed some accurate Documentary footage Joe McCarthy and they were the McCulland hearings and Stuart Simon Fini Yeah, and it was and Joseph Welch. I think was the attorney's name Have you no shame a senator? Have you not yeah, and that was great the only problem is was all out of context So unless you live through that or you're a student of that era You have no idea what that part of it was all about and the rest of it in ponderous black and white was as slow And ponderous and coma inducing man. It was really bad It was horrible one of the worst movies. I'm luckily right here on a cable So huh that's a crime chain. Yeah, yeah, it was horrible. It sucks terminal What celebrity or Anthony? They're your most tired of Tom Cruise 2019. Hey, Tommy Paris, he's right on Tommy's ass Terrell owns 120 just the other a fine there didn't he get fine from the Cowboys? Terrell is he's just a teoman. He's just the problem waiting to happen Tiger was 72 can't stand the tiger just enough with him already I'm not big on people who are known by one name, you know Madonna Prince Tiger Well, yes, share share Michael Jordan Michael. Yeah. I'm not big on that. I think it's crap Tiger was 72 Brittany Spears 50 speaking the crap boy. Is she a cow? Speaking of cows Oprah 39. She's right on Brittany's butt. Now gives him 32 star Jones 31 Donald Trump 29 very bond 17 Madonna 17 see you after those one name people Madonna 19 now very bond 17 shack is got to another one of those with a big hit in one name. Oh, there's Ernesto People they need a prepared okay. Let's see Jessica Simpson 9 Bano 9 Whitney Houston's got six. Oh, and of course Osama's probably one of them Don't you love that Osama's got a question with her go. Yeah. Yeah George Clooney 5 Jennifer Iniston for Brad Pitt Scott who had Lance Bass Lance Bass he has got filament. You know I almost played a wrong cuter This strength is a manic. It's not supposed to be crying at not anyway. Yeah, I was just that was just to practice run All right, just practicing we've heard alive spot Well, so confused you threw that at me right before the show today and to give me a chance to take the old ones out of here But I'll do that. I'll do that right into a fire. Maybe I'll do it now. Why do you do the rest of the show? George by the way is planning on taking off tomorrow for the storm. Yeah, I just thought I would mess you Oh, seriously, well, but I'm probably just cycled cast and then of course Clarence already came in said it's you meaning me. Oh, well, you can swim there You're using soon just downstream. Let's go. I think that's it. Let's let the current take you right down 441 Erasing in poker fans. Pompatopark is back in action starting this Friday September 1 opening night the first thousand fans to come to the track It's 6 p.m. We'll get a coupon for a free Pompatopark Beach towel plus live music track side Both Friday and Saturday this weekend. It should be hot on the track with the $40,000 floor sunshine stays races Saturday is family fun night with free drives for a thousand dollars in betting vouchers and for the kids Free mini golf face painting a bounce house Curricature artist and the harvest mini horses to you'll be bouncing on it at best of all both admission and parking are free Like always at Pompatopark the track opens for live racing in poker every Wednesday Friday and Saturday Post time 725 p.m. in the poker's open from noon until midnight if you like your poker Samel casting every day from noon till one in the morning so make plans not to come out opening weekend this weekend Pompatopark racing in poker a black side of the landing board bar on power line road to the curracing schedule nine five four nine seven two two thousand run line it's Pompatopark dot com Fort radio five sixty who thing I'm coming crazy. You're crazy. I'm not going to say it. But when I read that advisory, didn't make any sense to me because if I continue to turn the north west for the next 24 hours and it's moving at 14 miles an hour, you follow what I'm saying? What are you saying? That's over 300 miles to the north west before I would make a, that would put it in the Gulf. They've been predicting that it was going to jagged north ever since it was over Haiti. But it's not doing it at any. Great. That's currently bringing rain all the reason not to panic there. Even here in the Cocca New Jersey down through the central plains and as far south as Texas. I looked at the MSNBC map. It's so such important places as East Naples and Croll Springs and Miami of course. When you think of the amount of the southern tip of Florida you have Croll Springs and East Naples on there, there's no question. I'm going to leave this up to you. I don't know whether I should, I don't want to say waste my time. I mean there's eight mid in closings and you know, I would not waste my time with those particulars. Well, how, you know what particular is? You know what I got here. I've got a pile of stuff. Same pages of it. This is the take us into the gym manager. The line of even gave the rest of the honor. There you go. The news about doing this 24 seven with the closed things on all the crawls and whatnot. You know, look at that. Now, there's showing the line taking it right up over Niagara Falls and right into Toronto. Right. Misery loves company, baby. See board up near Washington and then straight north up through say upstate New York or Ohio there. Yeah, I'm right across to the west of Toronto. It looks like the main. It can really danger here. Which because once it gets over Florida, it could be in strength again. Is that, is that the case? Well, when it goes out over the ocean after it leaves Florida, it probably will gain some strength. And it may land as a category one, possibly even a category two. What is the law for the university of Miami? He's giving nowhere. But I think also this is how we see a lot of danger from these kinds of storms. You want to know how he's a group all? How do you know he's a group all? You event say in the West Virginia or in the Pennsylvania mountains like you're trying the Tract shows. There could be a lot of rain and there's a long history of storms like this causing substantial And so, yes, see this doesn't show it starting to make that jagged, jagged, jagged to the North till it gets over like by four miars. And I'm going to come blow and write you a joyous desk right through our Backdones or just open our applied like the Grand Canyon. Wouldn't be the first time. The public in private schools close today and tomorrow. Broward public in private schools close today and tomorrow. If you want more information contact the rumor hotline, I guess the given that number I would be good. Although this can't possibly be the right number. You know, they do this all the time. This is channel 7. It's got 754. Remember we did this during Wilma the same craft. How can there be a number 754 is there such an area code? I would be out of the adding them every day. Yeah, that. There's a 754? Yes. There is? Yeah. Are you sure? Are you sure? Okay. I think most of our cell phones. But like, well, anyway, the rumor hotline according to the channel 7 website. 754. 321. Monroe County Schools closed today to the imminent threat of and it says you're hurricane Ernesto. It's not a hurricane. You idiot. It's not a freaking hurricane. It might become a hurricane. Again, it's a tropical storm. Idiots you. Let's see. My country day school closed today tomorrow. You said don't do these, didn't you? Whatever. It's a good time. All classes are tumbled by yam and for a lot of day. I'll cancel today. Boy, I'm not going to read all these school closings. Anybody stupid enough to be going to school on the day. They hail all community day school because they're in the morrow. The temple call on me, Emmanuel L. These schools closed today. All this Jewish stuff. J.M. Learning Center is closed today tomorrow. Okay. Let's see. All classes, clinical activities, events of the University of Miami, canceled for today. No, a student in a U of N today. Of course, why is that any different from any other day? Monash, Amah, Alah, Azza, as they say in Espania. All classes and events also canceled for tomorrow. Have a decision about the status of medical school operations for Wednesday. Will we make mid day today? We'll have our thumb right on that. Miami date, MVCC students at staff should call me. Miami date hotline or visit the MDC website. Well, a hotline is 305, 237, 7500 or www.mdc.edu. A.A.D.U. A.U. A.U. A.U. A.T. For latest update information on the college status. All FAU classes and normal business operations canceled today. The decision regarding tomorrow status. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. Many were became produits. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary because of the vähän reserves. We made a 1230 to Sanctuary. We made a patroletta. We also made a reactionary. White pounds of apples. Bowildo routers.ное with the resistanceosis. right? Yeah, I wish the HL was fuel-same way. Of course I heard that you had a monsoon on Friday which you did not have. I know that. That was the excuse when I checked in the show up. Bastards. Garbage pickup in day. Normally scheduled pickup, I will continue throughout day and county through about one clock today. Garbage pickup in Broward will continue until conditions deteriorate today. In other words, whenever they feel like it they'll show up if not to go in home. They're going to grab already in my house. They gotta go around see if they can get some gas. Early voting in day and Broward's invins is spent until further notice with permission from the governor. Well I'm sure he's real happy about that because now they can work work over those votes pretty good. They can give them the ones over in the twice over. Federal court houses in Miami for a lot of day, a West Common Fort Pierce not affected will be open for business as usual. Let's see. Well, you know, there's eight minutes of mon here but I'm not going to read all these. Only the important ones like the City of Oakland Park offices and facilities will be closed today. That's pretty important isn't it? Yeah sure. City of Hollywood wins open for business today. George can go over there and get some gas. All Brownie Broward County courts and government offices close today. Let's see. All this day and the highlights open today. Let's hear it. Total bank is closed today. I have no idea. Galerie Mall is closed today. Don't be going to the Gila Rhea. The Jewish Federation of Broward is closed today. The falls mall remains open till her campaign warning is issued. Pan and Horizons federal credit union closed today. And then of course, Park, who the hell's going to the park on a day like huh? Well, we got a hurricane. Yeah. This coming. I think information about the sandbags which based on what I'm hearing so far, I think we're all getting sandbags. The biggest thing. So best talent. If this is me. Or is force radio 560, you ain't him. They're bad. Miss Williams. Corporate didn't get those new sandbags. What? I sent them three days ago. Did you send them by FedEx? Oh no. I sent them by K FedEx. Hey. This is Kim Fedaline. But you can call me K Fed. You know, there's actually people who think I will become the big rap star, haters. So I got to have some fall back on after all. You can only slung up the fat white for stuff. All right. That's why I've gone into this little bit of business. Hey. Hold on. Hello, K FedEx. Do you want to try to pack? Is it like a box or something? Play with me delivered. Do you want to get around with it? What? Well, I get to deliver these packages. But first, I'm not. So next time you need to ship something. Use the FedEx. Please. K FedEx. We absolutely positively kind of sort of well, maybe if I have to. When I get around to it, we'll get there when I get very delivery company. Yeah, I think that's what they sent my check on for Friday. Must have been. K FedEx. Yo. 1047 and 560WQA. I'm so anyway, that lineup today. We got the Humphorite 4 or let's see, maddougat 2, the power hour with Hank and Maddougat 4 to 5. Hank over 5 to 7, we got Hurricane Hotline with Larry Coker at 7 o'clock. And then you got your Marlins on deck. What about those Marlins? Hey, what in the world am I right about that? Is it 8? You're right about that. They were playing great. They won 8 in the road. Only what two games out of the wildcard, not believe? That's right. You thought they could make it. I didn't say they were going to make it now. They got to play the cardinals in the same movie tonight. We got the pregame at 735, game time at the 1810 and any K after the baseball game. I've actually interest in the Marlins now as peaking. I saw those attendance figures that are Brewers games. It looked like they had at least people in there. Not too many. Well, who don't want to see them a lucky Brewers anyway, right? We're a suck. Okay, here's the water and sandbag distribution points. Then I'll get off of this stuff. Okay, then we'll have the 11 o'clock advice with it. It's not on or yet, by the way. Maybe MSNBC and others still haken with Katrina. Okay, Katrina was last year. Okay, sweetheart. It was last year. We don't care about Katrina. Obviously the government doesn't. And he does anybody else care about those poor slippers down there. Oh, and I were back to this guy again. I guess this story is so much more important than I thought it was because there are like a kind of choice you were watching this today. Yesterday weren't you? What? The news. Well, the DNA tests came back. No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about Warren's states. Oh, that guy. I don't. Sorry. You better get with the run. I don't know your hysterical. I'll do a do-jure. I'm watching local hysterical news. Your hysterical news do-jure. Hey, look, there's lines around gas stations. Yeah. Oh, there's a line ringing. WCWI, I'm an old-be-a-crank. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? No, Kesar. I'm down in South Florida and I wish I was up there in Canada. I don't blame you. People are just so stupid. I mean, I can't imagine what's going on here and it's not even a one. Yeah. I don't know. Anyway, I just wanted to say- Hey, go ahead. I just wanted to know if you got your gas, man. I got so much of everything. I'm all ready, but the thing that is, I just wanted to say, I love the new line-ups. I am especially the Hank and Mad Dog together. That's always very interesting that those two bounce and all each other. The power hour when the two guys showered together, I love it. Yeah, and Mad is keep saying, we're the cross-dressing hour. Uh-huh. It's beautiful. And one other thing, I got a great poll idea. Okay. Some day in 20 or 30 years when poor Uncle Neil goes- We do the fishing. Right. The dirt map, who is going to inherit his huge estate? Okay, see you around, Dave. Bye. Bye. Everybody ready? Wow. They already got a big chunk. Let's see, water and sandbag distribution points. Now, see, there was a good call. I don't press your luck. Sweet water. You want this. In fact, water and sandbag, and I think they're also given rubber rafts to the sweet water resins. Resins to the city of sweet water may pick up sand that Southwest water ninth. They have an enforced-reed-in sweet water. All resins must bring your current ID showing that they live in a city where they receive sandbags. Home-stead. Sandbag's will be distributed to the city resins only today from 7 o'clock in the morning full noon. So you get an hour and nine minutes left at the following locations. Home-stead sports complex slash baseball stadium. And a roby George Park, 211 Southwest 11th Avenue. Who knows a roby young park? Roby. I know he had a park. Businesses only can pick up sandbags at the lock behind the Lazner Park at 100 North Cromba Avenue. Proof of Homestead Resin C will be required. And Oakland Park, sandbags of distributed to the 5100 North East, 12th Terrace and Oakland Park. The sandbag depot is open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Resins of Oakland Park limited to 20 bags per household while supplies last. We're sandbagging it. Under his iPhone is ringing. That means it's probably that this gets downstairs. Yeah, I better go get it right away. The fugitive leader of a polygamous set has been arrested in southern Nevada. The FBI said today, war in Steve Jeff, Scythi, was taken into custody after he and two other people were pulled over late Monday by Nevada Highway Patrol Trooper on eye 15 just north of Las Wages. FBI spokesman David Steritz said, the leader of the fundamentalist shirt. I mean, that's normal calling from Vancouver. Seeing if it's seven in the morning. Can you believe that line of I'm in Canada and you're in Canada and you're in Canada. I know you wouldn't make it up, but if somebody I'm in Canada, I wouldn't. But when I heard it, that's like somebody in LA calling somebody in New York at midnight. Where's three o'clock at the morning and these coast and saying, hello, I'm in the US and you're in the US, you WSF, that would be on the same time. In other words, moron, as somebody would say, war in Steve Jeff, the leader of the fundamentalist shirt of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Another bunch of gift keys was wanted new time in Arizona on suspicion of sexual misconduct for allegedly arranging marriages between underrated girls and older men. Oh my God. Since May, by the time you doubt in terms of serious ed and produced in the John and Mark Carr. Sure, if I let you go, come up. He should have been a Mormon, he missed his calling. Since May, Jeff's been on the FBI's most ten most wanted list with a hundred thousand dollar reward offered for information he knew was capture. The other two people in the vehicle were identified as one of Warren Jeff's wives and they only Jeff's one of his wives. He's like, oh, Samo, only he doesn't have the hot spur of Whitney Houston. And a brother Isaac Steve Jeff's 1232 steroids said, they're being interviewed by the FBI on Las Vegas, not a person. I don't know why this is such a big story and they're just just hyper-ventilating about this. I guess because he was on the FBI most wanted list, huh? Whatever to distraction just another. I got this list of all these openings and closing. I'm all of them. I'm not bad. Well, you know, like museums, I mean, who the house is going to go to museum? If you're stupid enough to head out for the museum on a day when you got a damn possible hurricane coming, then you deserve to get stiff. And then just waste your gas, you know, my best advice is stay home and listen to us today or continue listening to what? Right. Turn on the TV and watch them all hyper-ventilating, which I'm sure they're doing plenty of. Nine hundred sixteen votes on the polls. Not even love it a clock yet. Oh, you defraiter might me look up that thing. I didn't. When did you say it? Did he say it? I was going to say it right now because he didn't even have the break. Too late. Not time for the break yet. Hey, don't forget. We don't have to know when he had anyway. Love it a clock advisor. No, here's the, this is the old one. Let me just make sure. Oh, no, here's the new one. Got it. How do you like that? Is this exciting or what? He's the, if I really, if I were of the right mind, I would say, well, you just stay home tomorrow because you don't have any gas. It's going to end up in a, and I'll do the show from here because it's going to be, you know, sunshine and sunbat, but I'm not going to do it. I'll trade you. I offer to do that last time. Yeah. You remember? I do. I know I know I know it had been a lot bigger improvement because I got the internet. I got, you know, the cable. I got all the access in plus. I got electricity. I got water and gas. I'm not going to get any of the above tomorrow. That's funny again. Well, that's a lot to water. I'm sure. Okay. Here's the 11 AM advisory on our nest. Ready? I'm ready. Water rain bands over nestle near the Florida Keys and Southeast Florida coast. I'm strengthening is still expected. 11 o'clock this morning with tropical storm warnings extended northward along the west east coast north of New Smurna Beach, Florida, to Alpha Hamas, South Georgia. Oh, that's near Aintree. And 11 o'clock this morning with tropical storm watches changed to a tropical storm warning for the Florida west coast from north of Boney to Beach, northward to Anglewood. And a tropical storm watch is issued from north of Anglewood to Turf and Springs. The tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watch remain an effect from New Smurna Beach, Southward on the east coast, including Lake Okechobee, from beneath the beach, Southward on the west coast, and for all the photo keys from Ocean Reef to the dry tour tubas. 11 o'clock this morning, they're not driving more against. 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Bahamas discontinued the tropical storm warning for ragged island then Great Exuma in the central Bahamas. Every time I say Bahamas, I want to play that. But they don't say that they're doing. I just want to be polite. Let's do make a thing though. Who knows? I know that. A tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watch remain an effect for Anglewood Island, the Barry Islands, the Beminies in Grand Bahamas Island, North Western Bahamas. Let's see. But it would be pretty good to have. At 11 o'clock this morning, the center of tropical storm, Ernesto was located near Latitude 23.3 north, Longeitude 79.5 west, about 170 miles east, southeast of Key West, and about 180 miles east, south, southeast of Miami. 180 miles, south, southeast of Miami. Oh my God. Ernesto is moving toward the northwest near 13 miles an hour. Are you following that? No. And listen. And the general motion is expected to continue today and tonight. For the northwest. On this track, the center will be nearing the Florida Keys and the Spring South Florida 7 Florida 9. However, rains and schools will be arriving. Will an advance of the center? Maximum sustained winds are still near 45 miles an hour. Some strengthening expected before the center reaches Florida. Higher, or gusts. Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 85 miles from the center. Estimated minimum central pressure is a thousand and five millibars 29.68 inches. Coastal storm surge flooding of one to three feet above normal tide levels can be Expecting areas of onshore flow within the warning area. Rainfall totals of five to ten inches possible near the track of Ernesto over southern Florida, including the keys to Wednesday through tomorrow. With isolated amounts of up to 15 inches possible. Rainfall amounts to two to four inches, nicely the amounts of six inches expected over eastern central Cuba. Rainfall amounts to about two inches of isolated amounts of four inches and it's possible over the Bahamas. Isolated tornadoes possible over southern Florida and Florida in the keys this evening and tonight. And the next enemy of the advisory at two, several have like it about 140, where it'd be for to apply before the mad dog show. The biggest name. So the best talent to the biggest is we all Rogers. For Shredio 560, you A M. This is the Neal Rogers show. This is your brain. What? Any questions? Can't afford the high price of gas. Then repinders your car now with drivecheck.com. The price of gas was breaking me. So I logged on to drivetech.com and found out how I can get a second third or even fourth loan on my car. We've drivetech.com. You can get the gas you need today and pay for it tomorrow. Drivetech.com with me by gas so I can take the kids to school. Of course now I pay 1200 hours a month for my nanny and Hyundai, but it's worth it. We've drivetech.com. You can borrow up to 125% of the value of your car. All we ask is that you make your payments on time. And pay! Stop! That's my car! I just want to check in the mail! Paaaaa! Drivetech.com. It's not like you have another choice. Thanks for the full thank you, Dad. GAMS, LAKER! WHAA! WHAA! Another car to drivetech! It's 11.02560W2M and 942 votes on the floor. Aren't you excited about that? The real old is you could have taken time off from their busy schedule and from their drive and around looking for gas, wasting all the gas that they already got. What's the celebrity or athlete are you most tired of? Tom Cruise 246. Hey Tommy! GAY! Get lost! I'll least got that new deal now with who was it? Somebody! The company or the KID? I don't know when I don't hear. Parasult 99. Carol Owens 129. Another fine. Terrell. Oh, we're fine. Tigerwood 78. No mole. Please. No moss. Britney Spears 57. Oprah 43. Mel Gibson 35. Donald Trump 34. Star Jones 33. Madonna 20. Very bonds 18. By the way, you know, son of Friday they had seven different episodes with planes that had to be diverted in the version. And there's this new movie coming out called Flakes on a plane. Crazy people on planes. Yeah, they're not a single one of them. I think they do with terrorism. How about they have the student who had the half a stick of dynamite. They brought home a souvenir from Mexico. Only half a stick? Yeah, one idiot. What was the rest of them? Star Jones 33. Madonna 20. Very bonds 18. Shack has got 11. Vonno 11. Jessica Simpson 9. Whitney Houston 6. Jennifer Aniston 6. George Clooney 5. Brad Pitt 3. And Lance Bass. Gay. Solomon Thelano. Well, maybe they want to hear more by Lance Bass. They're still hawking about this Wayne Jeff's guy. The family has fallen by. God, I don't know. I mean, maybe I heard of him somewhere along the line. But I didn't think so. Anyway, let's get into the meat of the matter. Okay, to where regular regent they hear we only got three hours to go until Mad Dog. Oh, right. I thought we got that big expensive power hour. That's probably why they couldn't get my paycheck there on time. I'm Friday what I'm dilly, dally, majored in short-fill Saturday. Same old, beasley, trickman, buying time. By time. That's why I see Miguel out there in the street corner. I'm going to pour in rain. He's going to be on a street corner with like a tin cup and a hat collecting. See, we can pay for the power hour. The most expensive hour in South Florida sports talk. Iraqi police found 11 bodies near a school in South Washington, Baghdad's all through a neighborhood this morning. The men were blindfolded and had their hands tied behind their backs and show sides of torture other than that they were okay. But there's still dead. And violence in Iraq left nearly 50 people dead yesterday in a suicide car by man clashes between Shiite militia and Iraqi security forces. The brutal contradiction of the prime ministers claimed that the bloodshed was decreasing. Oh, it's in its waning day. That's why it's going to be doing that next two or three days going to be waning a lot. The deaths followed that day of bombings and shooting sunsunday when more than 60 people were killed across the country from the northern city of Kyrpuk to the capital of Baghdad down to the south in Bazaarah. The dead included eight American soldiers, one of the diddly's weak insolence to do as military in recent months. Well over 2600, I don't think the army remembers in this article, but it's over 2600 now and marching well toward the 3000 mark. Not that anybody seems to care. Here it is. It's not just as more than 2600, US military personnel have died but they just can't even count normal. The king could deliver. The renewed violence undercut prime minister Malikis claimed that government forces were prevailing over insurgents and sectarian extremists. Right. You should live so long. Also, a suicide bomb run on many bus near the Palestine hotel in central Baghdad in the province of Udaydin. Just mention these things in passing because everything is going ball, we're fine. So let's change this subject. Okay, let's get off of Iraq. Let's get to the Hukail John Bene again. Let's get to the public, obviously, that was mad by the FBI. We're doing a heck of a job. Let's get to a year after Katrina when things are going so swimmingly well. Oh, was that like a little play on words? They're going swimmingly well. It's a tragedy man. It's a disgrace. And then they're interviewing such experts as Brownie Brown again. Well, if we have them earned our lesson, they're right. Let's put his ass on it again. That Arabian horses ass, Brownie Brown. Hard to believe. Well, I guess if there's anybody who's been in the, maybe even there are traveling around looking for gas, they didn't get the bullet in the S.D. afternoon. Prosecutors abandoned their case after millions and millions of words have been written and preflist hysterical shows and on and on. Prosecutors abandoned their case against school teacher John Mark. Are you yesterday saying that DNA test failed to link card to the slaying of child beauty contestant John Bene Ranzi who, by the way, is still dead. Car was briefly freed from jail the quickly retired or wait extra edition to the California where he's waiting on a five misdemeanor of child pornography counts. He's waiting and he's wanted. Mr. Attorney Mary Lacy revealed how the case against car was built and unraveled in a five page motion asking a judge about the rest warrant that brought car from Bangkok, Thailand. The DNA test completed Saturday confirmed that car was not the source of the A.F. on the underwear of John Bene Ranzi. This proving is splendid he was essentially involved with the child and killed her by accident. Car's family also provided strong circumstances to the evidence he was with him in Georgia at the time of the crime. The president Georgia, why does that say in Georgia? They were in Alabama, weren't they? I don't know. He's very interesting. They were in Georgia and they were from Alabama, I do believe with a banjo underneath. The prosecutor's motion said no evidence is developed other than his own own repeated missions to place Mr. Car at the scene of the crime. Just, you know, and people were saying, well, why did they bring them back? Better that they did bring them back because he's a known pedophile and he was teaching young girls school over there in Thailand. He was ready to move in. The effects of as far north as New Jersey and all the way down into Texas. You can clearly see that boundary here that boundary during this. You see it directly into. You're right. You're right. You're right. You know, flood watches from well north of Orlando all the way down to South Central Florida, West Palm Beach for Pierce, Daytona. My wife, my wife. He's like a million people and Miami could be dealing with some potent storm search three to five. Well, now, look at that, they're showing us their show in this thing, the course movie to the north West and it's going right toward Key West. But it's continuing to move to the north west. Now, that's the case. Like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah ah painting the old folk paintings. But a bit of setting are together when they're going to cross dressing? Do you think I'm going to be sitting here listening then? No? No. Hey, Stowby's continues to be South Florida's top cigar shop of one of the broadest inventories containing an outstanding selection of over a thousand open boxes of cigars with all the top names that you know and love. Per Domo, Aston V. S. G. Artero Fuente, Pudbro and Monique Christo, Romeo and Juliette and Luxembourg included those special hard to find in obscure cigars that you won't just find in every cigar shop. Buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds and stick around a while, linger a while, and enjoy your smooth smoke at Stowby's wine lounge featuring Pierre Andre. It won't have percent peanut and wine lots of other fine wines from all around the world. You'll find Stowby's at 116 12 North Kindle Drive just to have mouth east of Exit cloning off the turnpike open every day, seven days a week for your smoking, dining and dancing pleasure. Call the day to reserve all your favorite cigars at Stowby's call 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 9 8 20. 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 20 and when you stop into the shop, say, how to marry on the girl's San Bernard Heather and they'll give you a free cigar just for a stop at in St. High or whatever you want to say. That's Stowby's at 116 12 North Kindle Drive in Kindle 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 20. You know, Feast name, so best talent, Feast is wheel rotchers, Porsche radio 5 60. You a M. Marlins fans, the 2006 QA and Mercedes Benz Grands Lamin and Contest from Marlins Claire, his a grand slam and a fifth inning. But you could win a two year lease that over St. He's been C23 for more information and two enter. Log on to wqand.com today, the 2006 Mercedes Benz Grands Lamin and Contest from 4 20 5 60 2 AM. Spread them and say cheese. Welcome aboard the Pond Mommon and I don't mind please keep your hands in psychiscard and your engine psyched podcast and joined it. 11 15 at 5 60 WqM while many gas stations were closed in this morning because they were out of fuel. The ones that were open had few lines. George. Oh yeah. A sign that much of the earlier fuel frenzy throughout St. Florida has some sighted. I think that's a crock. This is what the Harold said. The Harold doesn't lie. As fine with them. The Allied Buddha who you don't think I drove around a car. The supply situation is fine. Jim Smith of the Florida Petroleum Marketers and convenience store association said this morning of panic situations with a side of line. Based on what I've seen there can't be anybody else in these gas out there. George. That's what Jim Smith said. OK. Fearful drivers. Many of whom remembered a weight of the few stations that had electricity after will molest you. Cloud of gas stations yesterday to fill up cars and portable containers and power generators. Sales and software were about six times the normal right yesterday he said. And for represents 53 hundred gas stations and convenience store owners throughout the state. I said this year about 20% at portable generators should the electricity go out. It damn well better not. Port Everdway is where much of South Florida gets his fuel supply close to vessels yesterday evening Smith said. But none of that trucks so far still able to go into the port and fill up on fuel that already stored there. The state had 200 million gallons of fuel on Monday equal to a 10 day supply. So what's not to like George? Uh huh. A Chevron owner in Kendall said drivers could speed up lines by pumping plus or premium gas. What does that mean? On Monday everyone was pumping regular. Oh, I see well maybe they can't afford plus or premium gas. I like that. Smucker I'll take anything. I'll take ultra-free slow down the process 10 to 50 minutes per car. And Exxon and the shell station was as I understand what I'm understanding. What? What different are in other words they're all ready for regular? OK. Do you understand that? No. In other words no matter what grade you're pumping doesn't take any longer no matter what grade you're supportive what I'm saying? Uh huh. I don't understand that. An Exxon and shell station within a mile of each other on North Federal Highway and for a larger day of this morning each had yellow tape corkening off the gas pumps which Josh tells me that that's what's going on at BP right up to street from the station. Yes. That's what's going on. Yes. And George Verified it. A familiar standing in the cany there was no fuel to be had. But the headline says some gas stations out of fuel but open stations have fuel lines and Jim Smith that they've thought of petroleum marketers and convenience or association said, there can't be anyone else out there who needs gas. If he's maybe getting a little bit carried away, maybe a little little over the top. And don't be topping off your cars you idiots you morons and don't be taking those 10 and 50 and 20 gallon containers and like still up hop it up more gas like some kind of a grubber tuss OK. There's some people I wanted all man all for me. And I'm saying. Do do do do. OK. Greg Polast writes hurricane spirit threatened for pre-continuer warnings. Just see about this poor guy, Dr. Van Herdon. No. Well, that's what I'm hearing. That's what you're hearing. Don't blame the lady. Katrina killed no one in New Orleans. In fact, Katrina missed a city completely going wide to the east writes Greg Polast. Who's a real Ojo on provocative tour. If he asked me a real trouble maker, it wasn't a hurricane that drowned suffocated the hybrid and star 15 hundred people that week. The killing was done by a deadly duo. A field of urgency evacuation time combined with faulty levies. Behind these twin figures lies a tale of Kony is improvetering and willful incompetence that takes us right to the steps of the White House. What a shot. This is the story you haven't been told and the man who revealed it to me, Dr. Iber Van Herdon is putting his job on the line to tell it. Sounds like a Dutchman to me. Van Herdon. That sound Dutch? To what I'm hearing. Van Herdon isn't a typical whistleblower. I usually deal with rice-grade plastic. This is no minor player. He's deputy director of the Louisiana State University Hurricane Center. He's the top banana in his field. No one knew more about how to save New Orleans from a hurricane's devastation and no one was a better target than a bigger target in a physical and corporate campaign to bury the information. Here's what happened. Right after Katrina swamped us to the I called Washington to get a copy of the evacuation plan, funny thing about the murderously failed plan for the evacuation of New Orleans, nobody can find it. That's right, it's missing. Maybe it got wet and sank into flood. Whatever, nobody can find it. That's real bad. Here's the key thing about a successful emergency evacuation plan. You have to have copies of it. Lots of copies. And fire houses and hospitals in the hands of every first responder. Secret evacuation plans don't work. I know I worked on the Hurricane evacuation plan for Long Island, New York and the Labord Multivodium dossier. Specifically, I'm talking about the plan that was written or supposed to have been written two years ago by a company called Innovative Emergency Management. Oh, is that what we got? Yeah. We're thinking about IEM, their founder, Mod Du Barrowall had no known experience in Hurricane evacuations. She did however have a lot of experience in donating to Republicans. IEM and FEMA did begin to draft of a plan. The plan was that when a hurricane hit everyone in the Crescent City would simply get the hell out of their cars. Apparently, the IEM FEMA crew didn't know that 127,000 people in the city don't have cars. But, Dr. Van Hirden knew that it was his calculation. LSU knew that where these new car people were, they mapped it and how to get them out. Dr. Van Hirden offered this life-saving info to FEMA. They wouldn't touch it. Then a state official told him to shut up back off where there'd be consequences for Van Hirden's position. This official now works for IEM. So I asked him what happened as a result of making no plans for those without wheels. A lot of them elderly and most of them poor. 1500 them drowned. That's the bottom line. The professor had been talking to me in technicalities. Changed to a somber tone. They're still finding corpses he said. Van Hirden is supposed to keep his mouth shut, but he won't. The deaths weigh on him. I wasn't going to listen to these sort of threats that tell them shut me down he said. Van Hirden had other disturbing news. The Hurricanes Centers Computer Model showed the federal government had built the levies around the city of foot and a half to short, like George too short. Right. After Katrina the Hurricanes Center analyzed the flooding and found that had the levies had just that extra 18 inches, they would have been over top for only an hour and a half, not for four hours. In that case, the levies would have held and the city could have been saved. He had taken the warning about the levies all the way to George Bush's doorstep. I myself beat senior officials, including somebody from the White House. He said the response, the university's trustee's threatened his job. They didn't like what they were hearing. While in Baton Rouge, I dropped in on the headquarters of IEM, the evacuation contractors. The assistant of the CEO insisted they had a lot of experience with evacuation, but couldn't name a single city they'd planned for when they got the big easy contract and still they couldn't produce the plan. An IEM press releasing June 2004, both to legendary ants for James Lee, with as a member of their team, that was impressive. It was also a lie. In fact, it would have nothing to do with it. When I asked IEM point, black of what's name was used as a fraudulent hope to get the contract, this folks were going to say, we're going to get back to you on that. What a response. Back at LSU, when Heardon astonished me with the most serious charge of all, while showing me huge maps of the flooding, he told me the White House had with healthy information that in fact the levies were about the burst and by too the if the dawn of the city, at dawn, the city in more than 1,000 people would drown. Then, Heardon said, Femonu, on Monday at 11 o'clock that the levies had breached a two video, my midnight on Monday the White House knew, but none of us knew I was at the state emergency operations center, because the hurricane had missed the city that Monday night evacuation effectively stopped assuming the city had survived. It's been a flood year now, in 73,000 new Orleans remain in FEMA traders and other 200,000 more than half the city's former residents remain in temporary refugees. The city that came the care for God, that's their official slogan, lost the higher percentage of homes than Berlin, lost in WW2. It would be more accurate to call the city that Bush for God. Should they come home? We build, as it's safe, team boosures sure is the new nothing to worry about. Some of the won't respond to Ben Heardon's revelations, however, the Bush administration has hired a consulting firm to fix the failed evacuation plan. The contractor, a baton-ruish company called Innovative Emergency Management, IEM. I like that. We're going to take a brownie on. Do you want any of the public in front of me? Brownie Brown. Well, I do. I've got quite a few Republican slaves. Well, I'm good. I hope you have a party with them. Okay. Then, we all drown. How's that? Brownie. What's the screaming about, shrieking about? Get your shriin about. Yeah, bring on the iceberg, Brownie Brown. He knows how to drown with a bussom. I drown, thanks to Brownie Brown. I bet you a lot of people were saying that. Probably about 500. Could be a wrap song. 900, yeah, with those guys from that movie for brothers. Good movie, like I said, the chicken out. 982 votes on the pool. What's the level of your athlete? Are you most tired of? I think I'm tired of Brownie Brown. Who's that flaring? Yeah, I'm playing this. Tom Cruise 254, Tommy. You're frerry. How's the peep and Tommy? Remember that scene? Yes, I did. 254, but he's so good. Philipsy more hot. The name of that movie. By the way, was the OG at, oh, just you cried the gambling movie? Owning Mahoenie. That's it. Yeah, I remember the end of the day, then, I forgot. Yeah, probably the middle of the night. Maybe one in the morning when somebody called me. Yeah, that's about. However, when somebody called me one in the morning on Friday night, Owning Mahoenie. Nice going, Norma. You jackass. You sippled in. You're frerry. Tom Cruise 254, periscillten 205. Zero O ons 136 used to be to row ons, but now he's terrible. Tiger was 80. We still the same as always. Just makes me sick. Britney Spears 59, Oprah 45. She makes me double sick. She makes me puke gigantic gobs and globs. Now it gives him 36. Donald Trump 35. Start Jones 33. Very bonds 22, Madonna 20, Bono 13. Shack is got 11. Cute. No, no, that's the wrong one. You notice how all those, one name people, I'm the Donna. Bono and check. All together there. Oprah, though, being the bitch that she is, she's got to be like way ahead of the pack. She's out and the league of her own. Jessica Simpson 10, Whitney Houston 7, your T.O. some of older seven times. Jennifer Aniston 7, George Clooney 5, who makes really crappy movies by the way, do not waste your time watching Good Night and Good Luck. Oh, you are so right. You know, Pondress would be a compliment for that movie. Yeah. And that's tragic, because you know, a lot of people have been saying that. Get to compel our story, but the problem was that movie was just to look in the mirror and like, you're gonna muddle through that. And Pondress really boring. George Clooney 5, a legend in his own mind, Brad Pitt 3, and Lance Bass still, so when that they don't know, and you probably want to know why? Why? Well, I mean, in this audience, how many people do you think know who Lance Bass is? Who? Exactly, my point. 26, past 11 at 5, 60, Q, A, M. The TV's name. So, best talent to this is real Roger's 4, 20, 5, 60, you. Oh, my God. Excuse me, but I do believe that. But sitting there, 121 seemed like a typical flight. What that was about to change. There's something running against my lane. Kidding, spot a plane. Oh, it's so wonderful. Samuel Jackson Starrs, he was most anticipated movie of the summer, Kippins on the plane. Enough is enough. I have had it with these muslims. Oh, in the queue. Can I give it? Can I play? Captain C Magazine says, maybe you'll see only one movie about Kippins on the plane. See, John and I run a plane. Oh, we've got a little peep, though. We need you to talk to him. You're doing a little more. Oh, yeah, you are so cute. Damn. What the was that? Here in Goldberg. Oh, there he is. Who's been talking with John Marker every day? I just can't come more than an hour without hearing that voice. Keeps me going. Anyway, I'm going to go to where? And John should be very pleased since he was so psychotic about that movie. He takes on a plane and trying to convince us that it did so great the first week. And it did 56. What was it 15 million? Yeah, I just said it was a leading movie. But very, I totally, really, week number man. And the second week it went in a crapper. You couldn't find it with the a tiny bull man. Mr. Plummer couldn't find it. Just get way down and there with the roe or rudder guy. And you still can't find it. That's how deep in the toilet that movie is. Anyone on a line? People don't, they get spooked by snakes. They don't like snakes. They get part of it. They don't like snakes. Oh, it's spooky, man. Spooky. And as a result, who the hell in their right mind wants it to see a movie about snakes on a plane? Gross. Officials gathering at the Brown Emergency Operations Center for Press Briefing this morning and on several measures being taken because of approaching our nest though, including the significant Brown schools closed on Wednesday tomorrow. First day, everybody decided that before, but they said, well, let's just stick with it, right? Right. Now, I could say something about the radar. I could look at it again here, but I better not. I better keep my trap shut. Okay. Okay. Because they're the, no, what do we know? They're the eggs. That's right. We know nothing. We've only been through about a thousand of these, including as far back as Andrew. But we know nothing. So I'm just keeping my mouth shut. But I will say this. And I won't say it. I'm also decided for a L.A. airport will close at 7 o'clock tonight. For a L.A. Hollywood International Airport closes at 7 o'clock tonight, the last flight in the route around 630 pm, the passenger security check lines will close at 6pm and many airlines will shut down before them. You better call your airline and check it out. I. Decision will be made on one of the airport reopens after the worst of the storm passes. And speaking of the worst of the storm, I'm looking at a right now on the A.N.O. radar on a hurricane radar. And I just, I mean, yeah, it's not that long. If there's some yellows and red, a little bit of red there, some of the outer bands that are coming. But the rest of it, the, I mean, it's a very big storm. But the bulk of it, the nastiest heavy duty stuff is south. And if a continues going to the north west, you don't want to say that. I don't want to say it. Go tell it. It's going to be a good one. From here for the worst, cargo and passenger ship service support ever glides was shut down immediately when the exception of ships and truck handling petroleum gas and diesel. It's a nice, nice diesel, by the way. He wants you to know that. So he doesn't, he's not going to muscle you off for your, uh, or other gas. And I'm not waiting at lines like the rest of you, clown. That is correct. Oh, hey. In fact, yeah, siphon some of his diesel on, see how that works in your vein. Sure. Fuel trucks will continue to make deliveries, as long as it's the deans safe. Cruise passengers are minded to call their cruise lines for updated information. A growered mayor Ben Grayberg said fuel trucks will continue to distribute gasoline to service stations throughout south Florida till the last possible moment today. And would that comment we had before from Jim Smith? Nobody should not have gas. George. Grayberg said, ha ha ha. Well, that's what he said. Yeah, yeah. He's the expert man on the pervert. He's the expert. Maybe that's just indeed. No. Grayberg said that since Hurricane Wilma the county and gas companies installed generators to ensure that fuel can be loaded on the trucks, even if the power is out at the rest of port Everglades this year, we can get the fuel out of the port onto the roads. Grayberg said, we have plenty of gasoline in those tanks and nobody needs to worry. George. That's what everybody is saying. If Ben Grayberg says it, Jim's. Oh yeah. See. School superintendent Frank Tillon Broward said that the school's bus fleet of over a thousand vehicles should be safe in the five lots across Broward. Well, what? Who cares about that? During Hurricane Wilma buses experience very little damage. Of course, remember all those school buses that were like sitting there in New Orleans and I was screaming in the yelling and carrying on my own. Why aren't they even in the school buses to evacuate all those poor bastards? And then, of course, they buses wound up being underwater. Yeah. When it was too late. The county transfer will assist in the evacuation mobile home parks at right now, started at 10 o'clock this morning. I mean, anybody, I mean, even the worst of the trailer trash I can hang around there unless they're crazy, right? Right. In anticipation of tropical storm force winds, Broward County Transit expects the cease regular bus service at three this afternoon, depending on weather conditions. A lot down at Bridges began at a clock this morning. Broward County government, let's see. Sorry, well, we know that. Early voting suspendant will for the notice while they can re-rejuven your votes. But to call me that's what the governor said. They got to like retool the vote, Tally, and this gives them a golden opportunity. Like, are we, uh, do it? Yeah, I'm looking at that radar. I've got to get off of that thing, okay? I don't want, I don't want people looking at this. Then I'm going to be inclined to make statements. They're going to like get people like, oh, gee. 1,000 and 14 votes on the poll. I feel like that course we may have a captive audience today. I mean, what, what person other than you guys? What person in the right mind went to work today, right? Nobody didn't have to. I'm sure that is correct. Unless you have like a major must kind of job, like, you know, like a radio broadcast. Like, you know, I'm like an important news station like you. I am. Now, what's the deal? In other words, they're not going to let you stay home tomorrow. Is that what they said? That is what they said. Well, how do they know what's going to happen? They don't know what's going to happen. They don't know. We don't know exactly where this thing is going to take a turn for the worst. If we're underwater and so is my house and all points in between us, still have to come into work. Well, you can use that same remember, raft that you came to America. The thing I saved it better put some errands. You better inflate that baby. Right. Get a hold of stew guys. Maybe you can blow some at it. How dare from his ego in there. By the way, the guy's across the street. Oh, man. Anyway, Sonimo St. This is cute. Sonimo St. has been forced to watch South Park beer longer and uncut. According to the film's creator, Matt Stone. Cochrater. The former Iraqi leader is portrayed in the movie as a homosexual who's in a relationship with the devil and stone comes the prisoner's being forced to watch it repeatedly as he has held by US Marines. I think they're doing a talk we're texting on it. They got his eyes propped open and the drop in the eyedrobs in there. And he's watching our horror watching himself portrays as a... You're fairy. The South Park movie was banned on release in Iraq seven years ago. I don't like that. That's punishment worse than anybody could come up with. But there is John Mark Carb by the way. The movie like a crazy person. The type of preference that he does. The challenge to only respond to what Susan said. I'll bolder district attorney to face tough questions at noon and the Eastern daylight time. And of course if it's noon and the East doesn't that mean it's noon in the West? Norma, you idiot. Just keep thinking that to yourself. I'm not making enough. I'm in Canada and you're in Canada so if it's 10 o'clock here, I thought it would be 10 o'clock. There's a small thing from Vancouver to the right. And absolute simple demand. A real. You're fairy. Queen. Goes to show you man. Smoking all that bad weed all those years. You can just imagine he was puffing up a storm there in Vancouver. I imagine. What else would he have been there for? No question. No comment. I mean puffing on a big one. Yeah. Well. That was in 2023. Folks. Five years. You're on a mandolin. No, I don't want to be a steve. So, best challenge for this is Neil Rogers. For Shredio, 560. You a damn. Oh. Yeah. Thanks for helping me out with the hurricane preparation. You. You. Do my friend, boy. Into my friend, boy. Oh, my. Get it. Let's go have another snores. When did your power go out? About a week before the storm got hit. Me too. Make your wonder. Yeah. Yeah. Mmm. Do you know what? He's got a blow now. Like your show. Now I hold the ladder. I'm coming down. I got the propeller. Go. Right. Go. Go. Why you crippled a kill. That's right. The fire is too hot. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. You're right now. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Look, I have to tell you! I'm out of here! Speak of that! Guess who I don't see on the new schedule? I don't know! I don't know! Looks to me like Geldie's the missing link on the new schedule. Now, what I want you to do, you, yes. I want you to go Google Miami radar. Okay? All right. I forgot how slow that damn thing is there. Okay? The very top choice that comes up. Got it? Got it. And WSMA. Click it. Click it. Click. Get that map on there. Get that loop going. You got the map. You got that pin. It's loading. Oh, get out of here. Load. It's drawing. By the way, somebody needs to put down Abrams in jail. I got this horrible new one. They call it Lockup. On MSNBC. Lockdown. Lockup. After scrubbing the other lock, came up. I see that on there. I think to myself, lock up my ass. Okay. I'll get a big box. Yeah. Get a big cell. I don't have any movement yet, but I've got. No, you don't have any movement because you got to click. You see, go down there, which says reflectivity. See that in the middle of the left. Reflectivity can you handle it? Look, and you're, this is pathetic. And click where it says loop, and it'll put in motion. It puts the motion in your casket if you don't get with this. Or, or, or, or, confidently, you can go on. You got it. Is it moving? What are you doing? I'm clicking. Yeah, click this. It's looping. Okay. Now you see what I'm saying about this because I don't. Yeah. I don't what you're saying that you don't want to say. Yeah. If they're saying it's going to continue with going to the northwest for 24 hours, I mean, that precludes that northward jog that they were sending it was going to go all of a sudden when it got to like, Naples are there about all of a sudden go turn to the east and it will straight up the middle of the state. And that would they been saying that's what they've been saying. Well, how does that possible if it's going 13 miles an hour for the next 24 miles? That's over 300 miles. It puts it way out the hell in the Gulf. But I'm not saying that. Just, maybe you can hear me say that, right? But you do see what I'm saying. I don't know. You see, now you see the outer bands of them and since I've been following the tragedy, we're supposed to give you see the voice in the band. So first happened once before last year, whatever thing was when a hurricane was going west north, west and they kept saying that it was going to go north and it just, No, it didn't until it got to Mexico. Right. I mean, I don't know what to say in a case. I said that we know what hell it's going to do with all that we know. It's certainly based on what these, uh, no, our hurricane advisors are saying. If it does what they're saying, then they're going to do what they, I don't know. Just, just like I said, get your gas, get your plywood, your viscwain, your generators, uh, all your supplies, right? Your duct tape, your acetate. The gas, lots and lots of gas. In fact, throw up bulk, every container you can find. It all is a little plastic jug. Yeah. Coring bleach bottles, all that. That's it. That's a little bit of a literal, cross bottle filled up. The gaffles is all that and you'll probably burn that up. Put it in your mouth. Press it at Machmode, Ottman, Dinogen, voice defiance. What? That's a name. Oh. The Iranian president voiced a fines today as a deadline year for Iran to halt work in the west years as they stepped toward building nuclear bombs. And he challenged President Bush to a televised debate. That is the ultimate best. I don't crack out this lab just for any story, but this one, I got to be honest with you. Where the hell is it? In a news conference, Ahmad Hinnajah condemned the US and British role in the world since WWE 2, but made no direct mention of the international nuclear confrontation, or as your president would say, nuclear. I suggest holding a live TV debate with Mr. George W. Bush to talk about world affairs and the way to solve those issues he said. The UN Security Council is given a ran until Thursday to spend the Iranian enrichment, a process with convenience field for reactors, or exclusive materials for warheads, and a threatened sanction is listed thus so. Washington is called for a swift response if Iran doesn't meet the deadline, but analysts say the vision is that the UN about how to handle Iran's file could delay such a move. And you like that? He challenges the Bush might do the way to debate. What's the dumb did too, remember? Can't you just, yeah, in fact, this whole thing is shaping up just like that. We're giving him a deadline and we're going to have a couple of sanctions. And just look at all the good things that happened all those away. Iraqi kids because of the UN sanctions. So although a problem, lives were enriched, yeah, speaking of things in really bad taste besides MSNBC. Well, you talk about a guy with a puffed up ego that damn Abrams. Oh, he's a general manager now, but he keeps making appearances on it because he has to share his expertise with us. It won John Carr and about New Orleans. Whatever the subject is, man, he's the expert. Let me see, he's friend, thank God I wasn't watching any enemies, man. Anyone know why I don't watch the enemies? Because it's pointless boring. No, neutral life range. I'll be side by side because they side that. You don't know any of those people. Because I don't watch any of those shows. Okay. I know I hit it eventually. I know there must come as a shock to some of our people who are younger people in the audience. Like any LeBastard. There are no good shows that got nominated anyway. No, you could have put the period after you chose. Yeah, but 24 got all those awards. Is that any good? I don't have a watch to see. I think I've seen one out. 24. It'll be very popular. No, but I heard it's good. Wow. NBC Express regret Monday for an Emmy Awards comedy skit that included a mock plane crash. And aired on the network the evening of the fatal Kentucky jetliner accident. You know, when they were on the wrong runway, the one that wasn't lit up, the one that was too short. Oops. Yeah. Oh, sorry. I think we just screwed up. Our hearts and prayers go out to the many families who lost loved ones in the plane crash and Kentucky on Sunday. And to the entire community that suffered this terrible loss and we said in the same of the day after the ceremony, which rang really hollow. You know, it went over like a pregnant pull of all the one in that the equator. Not too good. In no way would we ever want to make lead to this terrible tragedy NBC said the film opening during the Emmy telecast was meant to spoof some of TV's well-most well-known scenes. The timing was unfortunate we regret any unintentional pain in May of caused. The prerecorded skit was broadcast as part of the live Emmy ceremony just hours after that commuter jet taken off in Lexington, Kentucky crashing to a field in burst in flames killing 49. Criticism of the sequence appeared on website Sunday night including the LA Times, where economists for the newspaper calling it, cringe-inducing enough questionable taste. The airing of the skit of spoof on the ABC plane crash drama lost was condemned by the general manager of NBC's Lexington Affiliate W. L. E. X. It was a live telecast. We were completely helpless, Jim Gouver was quoted as saying Sunday night on the Lexington Hill's leaders website. By the time we did react, it was all over. At the station we resourified as the people were at home. The segment which opened the Emmy started with host Conan O'Brien boarding a private plane to LA, asked by a stewardess that he was nervous about hosting the show, while Brian answered, nervous what could possibly go wrong. The plane then pitched violently and a crash was implied but not shown and said the skit cut to a Brian's stradden on the island resembling the one in lost. I think that's the problem in the ABC. Even as while there's second wind in the air, the air is going to be a number. It's like the guys across the street. They're lost when you say what are you watching at the loop? I mean they looped the loop. It's kind of hypnotic when you watch it. Like staring at the spins on the lava lamp. By the way, speaking of that, when Halloween starts coming to South Florida, no speed on hearing more about that since that Fred Grimcom. It was pretty grim news. This Friday, you know what this Friday is going to be? Don't you want to count on it? Good Friday. First is September. Oh yeah. You know, they see it September. Whatever that is. Yeah, that one. And then the second and the third. And you know the data I'm coming back full time don't you? Nine, eleven, baby. Nine, eleven. The interesting part about that is not that it has anything to do with anything but nine. Eleven was on a Tuesday and I had come back from vacation on the day before a nine ten in 2001 on Monday. Came back just in time. Remember that day? I'm sure you did. You were good. And Yolese on the air. We're going to talk about it. What's this kind of a splint? There's question in the building. You want to talk about splint? What are we going to say about it? That's one of the many reasons you won't hear our money here anytime soon. Are you probably well? Just like that bitch, we need to crack, crack, Crowsby took her to Tiffer Show off here, but boy, now she's all over the place. She's like a freaking disease. You're seriously defending you. The work I mean, he's telling, telling reporters. God. Oh, my. I mean, just squeaking and puking and just trying this way to squeak out a few words and can't do it. Still can't do it. That's why MSNBC is sucking wind. Believe you me. Yes, so we're looking at this thing and there's that big blob, which I guess is the majority. That's the nastiest part of this tropical storm right now. It's still a tropical storm, by the way. Highest sustained winds 45 miles an hour. But it's over those really warm waters, you know. It's the way they keep saying that because they're hoping like crazy. Oh, yes, the people people are given us that news. They're either in Atlanta or they're in New York or somewhere there. They'll be safe like it loos in the Bronx. You know, they're certainly not in Florida. Like you poor bastards there. Like I'm not. Although wouldn't be something for this thing whipped up like crazy. And then came zooming up over Western Pennsylvania and over those really warm waters of Lake Ontario. And right there, into like Scarborough would be good. Just blow it off the map to a solid public service. The world's all this person dies. So we easily have some dying news at the beginning of the show and here it is almost no already. To show how many more important things are going on like John Mark Carr. I think he's a Mark man, don't you? All the men part of the show about. And I'm still don't think he's got a, oh, shy Joyce and a pendant. Tito Ecuador, boy have you seen the picture of this lady? The one that died? Yeah. Yes. He looked old. Yeah, well, she was only 116. Ah, that's pretty sexy. He liked to have a small cup of wine with lunch but nothing more. I don't know what that means with lunch for nothing more. Do you know what that means? The wine? No, but doesn't say four lunch, but it says she liked to have a small cup of wine with lunch, but nothing more. I don't know. In other words, is that a gallon of booze? I don't know what that means. Oh, like not more than that. Andrea Esther de Kippovia believed to be the world's oldest person died at the age of 116 in Kito Ecuador, Grand Audit. So have you ever seen a spot where the guy is 100 years old? And he plays the trumpet. Yes. I love that spot. That is a good spot. That is a cool old dude man. If we had a world's right, we would like him. If you have a man, he's playing a horn on the right. He's in the pine cone in. That's right. Friday, if it's Friday, I'm at the pine cone in. Right. I love that spot. He's my kind of inspiration. He's 100 years old and he's still a spy. And I agree. But he's not going to the early bird. I imagine he don't live in sunrise lakes. So Katherine, Kippovia, 40, says property manager, real estate manager in Miami, where they specialize in old people. So Kippovia died Sunday at 3 o'clock in the morning local time in a hospital. And the coastal city of Guayquil. She died two days ago. That doesn't. The only two cities ever heard of an Ecuador is Kito and Guayquil. Maybe those are the only two cities in Ecuador. She died two days after coming down with Pena Monia. Her funeral was planned for yesterday. So I guess she's in the ground or on a ground. Or in September 1418, he'd an Ina Simier is Charlie Chaplin and Ed Alph Hitler. She was murdered in 1917, with an Ina 1949. Robert Young, who knows best, senior consultant for gerontology for Guinness World Records, said Elizabeth Bolden, the Memphis, then a scene out here to be the oldest person alive. Guinness Book of Records will have to make an official announcement from London. He said for practical purposes the next oldest person is going to be presumed to be Elizabeth Bolden. She also is on the 16th, but was born 11 months after Kepovia. So an echo in the comment and that's something you'd like to be the oldest person alive? Whatever. No. Oh yeah, she liked, let's see, she liked to embroider paintplay to piano and dance the wall said parties. She always ate three meals a day. Never smoked at ranked hard liquor. Only a small cup of wine. That's what that meant. To try the wine. Just a little sip. Like member Marlon Brando, just a little sip. For the past 20 years, she lived with her elder daughter, Hilda and Sonnalo Martin. She's probably out of this world. Member Martin. Who? Bill Vixby. Oh. Let's see how many votes we got here. We're approaching noon. We got mad dog at two. We got the crossover, the cross dress hour with four to five of Hank and a mad dog. The hump are back where he belongs in the afternoon between five and seven after a year and a half of disaster. And then we got, uh, what? Oh, hurricane hotline would let me cook with seven o'clock for 35 excruciating minutes followed by the Marlon game. And you've seen all them for running phony jumping on the bandwagon. They want eight in the road. Only two games under the wild card. My right only two games under 500. Yeah, that's right. You know, that really is on the best part of it is that Jeffrey Lourier hates Joe Gerardie because he's doing such a bad job managing and because he's got an ad to worry. Do you see that article? I saw that and the head a little talk to Tom's there in Lourier. He's an idiot. Because I knew that. You go Joe Roger, second floor, maybe you'll five, 60. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8. Kathleen applied directly to the Braveston. Kathleen applied directly to the Braveston. Kathleen applied directly to the Braveston. Sir, do you have any liquids? I'm not telling. No, you must be jealous. Oh, no, just make me a fella. Hey, no need for yelling. Let me get my supervisor, Ellen. Sir, are you yelling for your question? He's going to tell him. Let's see what the door's asking. Good morning. Hello, gentlemen. You're talking to your infidel. Let's go and get them. You'll be dwelling. Yeah, I thought I played it again right away since you like it so much the first time. Still like it. What's not for Lacer? That certainly is. All right. Don't tell me that you haven't played that yet. I haven't found it yet. No. Oh, I have that disk yet. Well, good. I'm going to play them all about 100 times just to get the jump on you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What am I given that numbers out? I told you I'll read your call, something to do. Huh? I already took one call. If I were you I'd get a full-tagging gas fill up about 400 containers and put some duct tape over your mouth. So I have that article. Oh, yeah. Who's going to have a nervous breakdown about this story? Pat Buchanan who's on every, uh, he's even unlike MTV now, screaming in yelling about Mexicans and about all these illegals who were taken over the country. And this is going to be right up his alley. Los Angeles blogger, Lona Waco reports an incident this weekend that should be entering heavy rotation any minute on the mainstream media, right Rogers, Kadenhead, I work bench. Hispanic pro-migration demonstrators raise a Mexican flag over U.S. post office in Maywood, California, Saturday as part of a counter-demonstration against Sabar State and anti-immigration group that claims California is becoming a third-world cesspool. Ah, third world cesspool. I've looked in places like that. Maywood became a fast-point in the escalated immigration debate when elected officials in the LA area city of 25, which is 96% Hispanic. They cleared a sanctuary for illegal immigrants and took steps to make enforcement more difficult. The LA Times covered the competing-made web protests but did not report on the flag raising, which was witnessed by a commentator Brigitte Johnson of the LA Daily News, who wrote, after the local post office stepped down the American flag at closing time, pro-immigration demonstrators probably were in the Mexican flag up the flagpole. Eventually police officers remember the flagpole and tried to get the Mexican flag down, but the courts got twisted and they could only lower to have staff. So raising a Mexican flag over U.S. government building is a flag-reliophensive gesture against the country that has celebrated the immigration supported by the Legalism and Teachers School children to believe the Melding Pot is one of our strengths. This thought is as ugly as the Mexico-Fornier Redward coming from groups like Save Our State and you have to wonder if they stupidity it says that would inspire activists to be so damaging to their own efforts. And, now, of course, Papi Cannon is going to be all over this, like stink on Joyce. Good. Yeah. That's right. I mean, who can imagine people doing flags? Would be like people in South Florida or drive it around with Cuban flags in their cars? Who would do such a thing? Such things like that. Oh, could I ever? I acceptables what they did. Well, they're having a big trend to defend the indefensible and border colorado. He said, this was a voice mail. He said, you should be tired and feathered and run out of town. And I agree. I want you to call me and tell me that you're going to resign. You know, that's pretty harsh, and it's not just one. It won't call me like that. I called him back. And this is the border cover of the years. He's surprised that you called me. But he started with the government. And I'm imagining that his questions are the same questions on the top of your mind. Yeah, well, school of being so good. Question was, why didn't you seriously take DNA in? Yeah. Why did you put us through all the story? And Paul, you told where she'll take the subject for your president, by the way. We did. Yeah. And he knew it. Upon, I think they took DNA from her. Right, um, who went to mailboxes to pick up a package that we sent to him. Two different officers took DNA off of the bicycle that he rode back. On a separate occasion. I bet you're even super buzzer. We'll see. Cut that he used to drink from. And it's a tissue or wife that he used to like the hands. The bottom line is that after we did that, our expert and we put a great deal of respect in our expert from the Denver lab said that the sample in the underwear of the victim was a mixed sample. And that we do not want to compare a mixed sample with a mixed sample. We need a pristine sample. That means a buckle swapped. A buckle swapped can only be taken by consent or by court proceeding or court order. We couldn't get his consent because he didn't know he was under investigation and we couldn't alert him at that time. The gentleman had a number of other questions. And, you know, I'm going to have to rely on the people here today to help me out to answer the specifics of the dates and times. We hear about this. I don't know. But that I'm going to let you harm sure was nice. Okay. One more. Let's just put the buzzer, the home on here and get her ass out of there. Because she's just meaning out of your way through, but it would be. And it's good that they did bring them back. Even though they spent a ton of money and they fit them all like good food on the plane. He's right. Right. Because he's a notorious and this business about why he's going to be counseling. You know, he's going to go to keep back to California to stand for the child pornography charges. But then after he's eventually released, he's going to need counseling. These people don't understand. You can't counsel childbirth as soon as he's no such thing. Right. It doesn't put him on out-catraz, put him on an island separate from everybody else. That's what it is. It's forever about pedophiles and a bunch of Catholic priests. Excuse me, Stephen Zunes in foreign policy and focus writes, how washington go to Israel? Did you read this column on our website? No. I bet you Josh got on there nice and early. Yes, I did. Good. It's a matter of money going away. It's amazing when they screw up your paycheck, how it can turn into all these other things. But that's good that you guys had that meeting yesterday. That's what everything I earned up. I'm glad that George Corse always involved because he certainly a big fan of this show. In fact, I put him almost in the same category with Joyce and your program directed to battle. I think I better do the break first because I don't want to give this a look in his smears. They say in China. Good. Well, no, it's too important because this is really what it was all about. And did I say that Bush was behind that whole less than on invasion again than whole deal? Yes, you did. Claudia that didn't think a rocket sign that if somebody is stupid as me could figure it on, anybody could finger it out. But oh no, the mainstream media there. There you go again with the mainstream media. All night crap. How's that math looking at radar? Let me hop on organ before the break. Is it swirling around? And if you look out the window there, which you don't have one. See that? But we do have the fantastic news gathering information of the QM news department. Remember you guys are going to go on clearance? Hold on, we're going to get a news wire. We're going to call it clearance. You're full of it. And nice job, passing the trends to somebody else by the way twice and starting a third time. I'm not Friday. He can really do it. I don't know when he's going to start, but he can really do it. Okay, I'm having the same issues as you're having it. Oh, there it was. I was fine. Now let's move in. I got it. It's loo doing the loopty loop. And I don't know. Are you looking at it? Oh, I'm looking at the prediction map. I mean, unless it makes a right turn, I just, I don't know. Yeah. I mean, there's that nasty outer bander that one that just off east of like, I would say, oh, I don't know. Maybe homestead right now. No, actually east of Miami right now. A little further north than I was saying. That band that's coming by, who's going to be some nasty crap coming from that. But this thing is going to have to like all of a sudden stop and then make her right turn. Would you think it would have to like shoot straight north? Right. To hit him in and they keep telling us that it's moving north west. And what I'm looking at is it puts the motion in my casket. It looks to me like it's continuing to move to north west just like they be saying, isn't it? Yeah, what's he done? Yeah. Well, like I said, we know absolutely nothing. Susji Gordon-Liddy and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Roger and Dymler Chrysler for instance letters to Dr. Z. Dear Dr. Z. I really want a new minivan. What my husband doesn't. How can I convince you? Really into this team. Oh, God, you're me. Well, thanks for coming over. Yeah, where's your husband? How he's watching TV. Don't talk my name. Where? Where? I'm Dr. Z. Mind if I swear actually. Now, you know, Z. Chrysler town and country. One Z. D. Power. Yeah. But I don't want. I'm sorry. Let me see your two people. I think you're going to want to buy your wife. The men. No. I'm just like a child. Oh, yeah. Go tell. Don't worry, sir. We have many so making you buy what? It makes you want to go by throat every time I hear it. Like a sympathetic fraud. I want to scratch your head and wonder what is going on. And, I mean, my spirit of Dr. Z, I bet you a lot of you have been wondering about who he is. Who is Dr. Z? Have you been wondering? Z, Nisteria, Stuck to Z. Well, anyway, downward crisis, been hearing an in a series of commercial speech between the trouble. Automotive factors, chairman. Dr. Deeter Zetsa. The writers with Getsby. Now, with the public. The rockets have been redance. The $100 million asked Dr. Z television newspaper and have campaigned to fix these six good for. Must actually owe PhD engineer from Stukkar Germany, answering, don't be questions post the impact. Although not anywhere in the same category with a great class from what you call insurance, guy cof, guy cof. Yeah, little Richard is my favorite. And then, uh, what's your name? Huchi Kuchi, Charo. And then of course, what the, what the deep voice in the world. Dr. Madakkaya. Steven Zulans, how Washington go to Israel. He says there is increasing evidence that Israel instigated the disasters war on Lebanon largely at the behest of the United States. The Bush administration was set on crippling hisbola, the radical Shiite political movement that maintains a sizable block of seats in the Lebanese parliament. Taking advantage of the country's democratic opening after the forced departure of Syria and troop flies here, hisbola defied US efforts to democratize the region on American terms. The properties parties unwillingness to disarm its militias required by UN resolution and the inability of the pro-Western Lebanese government to force them to do so led the Bush administration to push Israel to take military action. In his May 23rd summit with Prime Minister Ahud Olmer, President Bush offered full US support for hisbola attack Lebanon as soon as possible. See more Hirsh in the August 21st, New York reports of Pentagon consultant on the Bush administration's longstanding desire to strike a preemptive blow against Tesla. The consultant added it was our intent to have has beloved been minished and now we have someone else doing it. Israel was a willing partner. Although numerous Israeli press reports indicate that some Israeli officials, including top military officials, are furious at Bush for pushing over it in the war, the Israeli government had been planning the attacks since 2004. According to ways the live funding for a start of colonial San Francisco Chronicle, Israel had briefed US officials with the tales that apply including PowerPoint presentations about the newspaper described as revealing detail. Political science professor Gerald Steinberg of Barathella University told the Chronicle that of all of Israel's wars in 1948. This was the one for it which Israel was most prepared. In a sense, the preparation began in May of 2000 immediately after the Israeli withdrawal. Kind of like when your mother comes over to visit the Minitiy Walsh Autodorsia away and come and back. Despite these preparations, the Bush administration and congressional leaders of both parties tried to present the devastating attacks which took as many 800 12 more than 1300 civilian lives as a spontaneous reaction to his blast provocative July 12 attack on an Israeli border post in its seizure of two soldiers. Some reports have indicated that Secretary of Defense Donald Romsell was less sanguine than Vice President Sheney, Secretary of State Condor, Pleaser, Rice, or President Bush about the proposed Israeli military offensive. Romsell apparently believed that Israel should focus less on bombing and more on ground operations despite the dramatically high-resverally casualties that would result. Still, her scores of former senior intelligence official was saying that Romsell was delighted that Israel's are stalking horse. It had worked out really well. The recent announcement of a shaky ceasefire may represent William Miner's speed bump in US plans after all the attack on his beloved was only the first stage of what the Bush administration apparently hopes will be a joint redrawing of the Middle East map. On July 30, the Jerusalem Post reported the President Bush posted his view to expand the War beyond Lebanon and attack Syria. Israeli officials apparently found the idea nuts. This idea was not exactly secret and support of the Israeli offensive, the Office of the White House Presser, a conterevelist, a list of talking points that included references to a LA Times op-ed by Max Booth, senior fellow for national security studies at the Constant Foreign Relations. The article, it's time to let the Israelis take off the gloves or decen is ready attacking in Syria. Israel needs to hit the Assad regime hard argues Booth. If it does, it'll be doing Washington's dirty work. Iran too was in the administration's site. The Israeli attack on Lebanon according to Seymour Hirsch was to serve as a prelude to a potential American preemptive attack to destroy Iran's nuclear installations. But first, the Bush administration needed to give rid of his beloved capacity to retaliate against Israel in the event of a US strike on Iran which apparently prompted his beloved of Iran's supply missiles in the first place. Starting this spring, according to herst of White House ordered top planners from the US Air Force to consult with the Israeli counterparts on a war plan against Iran and incorporate it in Israeli preemptive strike against Hezbollah. Lieutenant General Dan Halut, the chief of staff of the Israeli military, and puts a block into the war on Lebanon, worked with the US officials on contingency planning for an air war with Iran. The Bush administration's larger goal apparently had been a form of alliance of pro-Western Sunni Arab dictatorships, primarily Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Jordan, against the growing Shiite militants, and seems exemplified by Hezbollah on Iran, and to a lesser extent, post-Satama-Rack. Though the Sunni regime's initially spoke out against Hezbollah's provocative capture, the two Israeli soldiers that prompted the Israeli attacks, popular opposition within these countries to the ferocity of the Israeli assault, led in the rally subtly against the US-based, back-war and Lebanon. In the years, prior to Israel's July 12 bombing of Lebanese cities, Hezbollah had become less and less of a threat, it hadn't killed any Israelis to live in for more than a decade with the exception of one accidental fatality in 2003 caused by an anti-aircraft missile fired in Israeli plane that violated Lebanese airspace. Investigations by the Congressional Research Service, the State Department, and independent think tanks fell to identify any major act of terrorism by Hezbollah for over a dozen years. Prior to the attack, Hezbollah's militia that had windled to about a thousand men under arms, this number tripled after July 12 when reserves were called up, and a national dialogue was going on between Hezbollah and the government of pro-Western Prime Minister Sunniura regarding this armament. The majority of Lebanese opposed his blabbo that's reactionary fundamental social agenda, as well as its insistence on maintaining an arm presence independent of the country's elected government. Thanks to the US-backed Israeli attacks and level of responsibility and infrastructure, support for Hezbollah according to polls' growth to more than 80 percent, even within the Sunni Muslim and Christian communities. Even Richard Armored, do you remember him? He ou did the Valkyrie plane we found out? Right. Even Richard Armored in deleting hawk and deputy secretary state under President Boistering his first term, noted that the only thing the bombing has achieved so far to unite the population against the Israelis. The Spide US encouragement that is real continued the war, Israel's right wing Prime Minister has come under increasing criticism at home with polls from Hezbollah's news paper indicating that only 39 percent of his rallies would support the plan to expansion of the ground offensive. Maretz Party, Knessett member, RAN, Kulin, writing in the juicison post called earlier moves to expand the ground offensive, a registered decision. Yareev Oppenheimer, general director of peace now, which had earlier muted its quiz criticism of the attacks on Lebanon noted, the war has spiraled out of control, and the government is ignoring the political options available. Not only have a growing number of Israelis acknowledged that the world's been as a disaster for Israel, there is a growing recognition of US responsibility for getting them into that mess. A July 23rd article in Haar, writes about an anti-war demonstration in Tel Aviv noted, this was a distinctly anti-American protest that included chance that we will not die in Kulin the service of the United States and slogan condemning President George W. Bush. Members of Congress who unconditionally backed his wheels of tacis on Lebanon have responded to constituent outrage by claiming that there were simply defending Israel's legitimate interests, and supporting the Bush administration however they defended policies that cynically use Israel to advance the administration's militarist agenda. One of the more unsettling aspects of the broad support of Washington for the use of Israel as U.S. proxy in the Middle East is how closely it corresponds to a historic anti-Semitism. It passed centuries to ruling elite European countries when returned for writing limited religions and cultural autonomy. Instead of a certain individuals in the juicison, and who is the visible agency of the oppressive social order, such as tacis collectors and money lenders. When the population threatened to rise up against the ruling elite, the rulers could then blame the Jews, channeling the wrath of an exploited people against continued scapegoats. The resulting programs and waves of repression took place throughout the Jewish diaspora. Zion has hoped to break the cycle by creating a Jewish nation state where Jews would no longer be dependent on the ruling elite of a given country. The tragic irony is that by using Israel to wage proxy war to promote U.S. Germany in the region, the cycle has been perpetuated in a global scale. This latest orgy of America inspired Israeli violence led to a dangerous upsurge in anti-Semitism in the Middle East and throughout the world. In the U.S. many critics of U.S. policy are blaming the Zionist lobby for U.S. support for Israel's attacks on Lebanon rather than the Bush administration, and its bipartisan congressional allies who encouraged Israel to wage war on Lebanon in the first place. Unfortunately, most anti-war protests in the U.S. cities have targeted the Israeli consulate rather than the U.S. government buildings. By contrast during the 80s protests against the U.S. backed violence in El Salvador, where the targeted Salvadoran consulates, but instead more appropriately took place outside federal offices in arm of the opposed, recognizing that the violence wouldn't be taking place without U.S. weapons in support. Israel has no banana Republic, even those like herhs who recognize the key role of the Bush administration in voting Israel to attack Lebanon, emphasize that rightist elements within Israel had their own reasons independent of Washington to pursue the conflict. Still, given as we as enormous military economic and political dependence on the U.S., this late this war on Lebanon could not have taken place without a green light from Washington. President Jimmy Carter, for example, was able to put a halt to Israel's 70-in-Face of Lebanon within days, and 40 Israeli army to withdraw from the South Bank of the Lothani River to a narrow strip just north of the Israeli border. By contrast, the Bush administration, and overwhelming bipartisan majority of Congress, clearly believed it was in the U.S. interest Israel to pursue Washington's dirty work for an indefinite period, regardless of its negative implication for Israel's legitimate security interests. Given the lack of success of the Israeli military campaign, U.S. planners are likely having second thoughts about the EASU, with which a U.S. led bombing campaign could achieve victory over Iran. However, the propensity of the Bush administration ignore historical lessons should not be underestimated. A former senior intelligence official told Hirsh that there is no way that Ramesfield and Cheney will draw the right conclusion about this. When a smoke clear as I'll say it was assessed, they'll draw reinforcement for their plan to attack Iran. Indeed, on August 14, President Bush declared that Israel had achieved victory, and its fight against his blan. The outskill can support a congressional Democrats for Bush's policies and Israel's war on Lebanon, port 10 similar support should the U.S. ignore history and come and sense an attack Iran anyway. Both the Senate and the House and backing of administration policy claimed that contrary to the broad consensus of international opinion, Israel's military actions were consistent with international law and the U.N. charter. By this logic, if Israel's wanting to stress and have a small democratic country civilian infrastructure because of a minor border incident, insulated by measures of a 3000 man militia of my minority party as a legitimate act of self-defense, surely a similar U.S. attack against Iran, a much larger country with a sizable armed force whose hard-line government might be developing nuclear weapons, could also be seen as a legitimate act of self-defense. Ironically, political action committee sponsored by a liberal group such as move on.org, peace action and effort changed, continues to support the electionary election of congressional candidates who voiced support for Washington's proxy war against Lebanon despite massive Israeli violations of international humanitarian humanitarian law, it's serving as a trial run for U.S. war against Iran and it's being against Israel's legitimate self-interest. And unfortunately, on the other extreme, some of the war-spocking elements that have opposed America's proxy war against Lebanon frankly don't have Israel's best interests in mind. As a result, without a dramatic increase in protests by those who see Washington's cynical use of Israel's bad for virtually everyone, there's little chance that this dangerous and immoral policy can be reversed. Probably. Yeah, there you go. All this little thing I am, those last beneath shouldn't have attacked him in a first place, right? That's right. I'm looking at that thing now that it's got the loop in motion, baby. It's doing the loop to loop. And so, I'm nasty yellow and reds right over key western. You see that? What's an Israel advisory too? So, I took a clock, but remember about 145. I hate it. If we're still alive. The biggest name of the best allies, the biggest is wheel rotors, sports radio 560. Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world. Next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market Down. Is there a ways to fix man and stop there a song if the grain started at 430? We all know those people are in shame that fathers fly back home. Periodified. You turn this off on stud aboard foot, As I've watched them hear each other at the corner of the line They're all gone and gone and gone They're the gates, they're the gates They're the gates, they're the time left In the narrow gates And it's not very solid The beat of the sauna, where the broad breeze Oh ho, ho, ho... Barely missed, inspiration, There'sVeris, memory, I think that I will be there with you Maybe it's impossible I'm not gonna go, maybe it's impossible Maybe I'm gonna go, maybe it's impossible Maybe it's impossible I think it's impossible Maybe it's impossible I'm dying on the hair Take a look at Key Weston at Marathon There's a nasty yellow-looking crater on the radar And we'll look at that Yeah, nasty Anyway, the leading edge of tropical storm When Esther reached the upper floor of the keys This morning in Soon is ending in a day-broad County Very, very Soon Just like what's his name said there on the Iran Iran Show Runny and Suyri Soon Yeah, I think that's not the matter that's not going to be for yet Four castes expressed particular concern The possibility of tornadoes High-cloths blackheaded most of South Florida in a long day in that arena And gusty winds isn't sore for the region Five to 15 inches of rain possible Flooding and power outages are likely George Oh boy Whenever you're sure of the power on our QM tomorrow But you got that generator, you got that back up Yeah But if it's storm in here at 8 in the morning in this town You think I'm driving in? Yes Okay What do you think Josh? You're gonna be there? We'll see Our lines are down in and trees are in I'm not out of here, power lines, my ass Hahaha Look at your craniumy person What are you talking about? Power lines, what are you coming up with? Well, cramps You've been away a long time To me, you don't want to hear Looking for an excuse not to work tomorrow That's what it sounds like to make sure But you remember if there's a breeze Yeah, the power lines come down in the sound A breeze in between the trees And trees Shrewies The finesse of the trees Four cast instead of nest, those send it What arrived tonight is a very strong proper A storm or cat one hurricane But most of its weather was ahead behind Into the right of the center And much of it will sweep through south Florida In fact, you can see that one nasty outer band there It's getting pretty close And then it's gonna like whip right across You see where I'm talking about which one The band on the run The band on the run The boys in the band It's getting real close to Miami Actually the one in the lower than that I don't know the thing doesn't look all that well organized To me when they keep talking about the eye I don't know Do you see any eye in that? I don't see any of any color What do you mean? The eye I don't see a blue eye or red eye Yeah, but do you see I think that's right Very sweet water Hurricane watches in paparazzi Or morning's cover all the sound photos Suddenly tornadoes are right This stink and frightening possibility Says they're a frightening possibility Oh my god We're seeing a lot of rotation in the spiral bands The ocean was exist that we could have some tornadoes on land Said rusty fost Meteorologists and charge in the national Weather Services Sanford office Rusty fost This threat is very real Rusty said the problem with typical tropical cyclone tornadoes And by the way, I did do a look in the smear And I know I should probably read it again Slower, I think he should Not The problem with tropical cyclone tornadoes Is that they're very fast in developing And it's hard to get a warning out Schools, most of them they were already tornadoed They'd rather limited evacuations or their shelters open In both counties Fort Lutterdale airport closed the tonight Spice 730 PM Last flight of the day will leave my International at 745 PM of conditions permit But they're on a verge also The weather will continue to deteriorate To set up no one to worst of it arriving overnight Fort Castes and emergency managers Erred South Koreans to take advantage of these last few hours of decent weather And rush to completion all pre-storm preparations Including the shuddering of their homes and businesses Get with it Get jiggy with it Get up that pod Get those jugs and jugs Go in your supermarket, you neighborhood Published and clean out all the perishables, all the food stuff There's a man for dinner and all the canned food Battery, a bottle of water Try Throw it in your home depot By all the area where they've got somebody else Gonna have one That's the South Florida every way Maybe These are the kinds of waves And not traffic lights up Said people are gonna have to be careful driving around Remember that when there's no light it's a four-way stop Oh yeah even when there isn't light You know you're talking to South Florida man Four-way stop my ass And 11am Ernesto stop winds were mentioned at 45 miles And we got that newer advisory coming at 2 The latest advisory about 145-150 Wins predicted to reach 65 miles an hour When the center of the storm had slaughtered about midnight or a few hours later Hurricane force winds begin at 74 So not quite a hurricane maybe but close To me there's not a lot of difference between 70-80 mile winds That they've made a Carlos Alvariz This is a dangerous storm if you haven't done so Make your preparations now First fast whatever his name is it's a Staintrapical storm force winds A 39 miles an hour should begin over South Miami date late this evening Then spread across the mainland the South Florida through the night Strong tropical force winds a 50 miles an hour more with gust in the hurricane force We'll start affecting date around midnight then spread across Broward by a four in the morning Fast warned to 5 to 15 inches of rain to possibility of substantial in on flooding And serious coastal flooding especially around the north end of this game bay And around the causeways and beach access roads in that area Many thousands of people still have under dark blue tarps that cover Roost image by last use Broward's Riverer Kings it says they could be in trouble tonight Where else can I go said mark mass 53 of Pompano Beach He's working on his third tarp to keep the rain away I'm just hoping the storm goes down to the ocean Petra of official position hundreds of trucks filled with ice and water The National Guard stands on alert spokesman for local airports that airlines might have to suspend operations tonight They might they will Broward County bus service will look continue till 3 they until weather conditions deteriorate And it goes on about the gas door Georgia needs gas Yeah, just 7 just 7 to 9 to 7 he also is currently safe in any more man Why not they put a little like a great that's not so great All right, so you can't stick your two oh yes Oh, little slow you open there. Yeah, I'm talking with me something else That's what I did in the past So best tell us if you're watching you video 560 Howard David's a bitch tonight on American chopper the OCC crew creates the catting shack tribute bike I was fabricating the gas tank and his usual cop was no hell Fair quality that's the worst-looking tank guy of a song Okay, when you make a type like that, I bet you got a free ball of soap Wow, somebody's stubborn a duck when the job is done that titles create another masterpiece Hey Vinny, this bike reminds me of the one I made for the dolly Lama himself 12 cent of the Lama flowing robes the graceful Striking so I finished the bike and he's gonna stiff me. I said hey, Lama hey, I'm a little something You know for the effort and he says oh, there won't be any money, but when you die on your set bed You'll receive total consciousness the catting shack bike tonight on American chopper So I got that going for me, which is nice. Yeah, 248 12 minutes to one and two o'clock it's demand dog We're going to be a packed the important stuff sports, right? That's right. Who cares about some stupid hurry king unless of course it wears orange uniform and plays for you You know it. Let's see. Let's see. Hello, how do you baseball team know where orange uniforms? What about the basketball team? I guess I don't even think I've ever seen their basketball team. No, they like green isn't it green and orange? Yeah, wait, who? Doug Wade hockey player. Yeah. Are you talking about what are you talking about? The university of Miami basketball team the colors of the uniform is white and orange isn't it? No white and green white and green Well little orange just in light and what about the Mexican flag that we're putting up running up the flag pool? I love it. Ha ha ha ha ha Oh, there's your president. Another photo off after like really sticking it to those people down there in New Orleans last year And after telling Brownie was doing a heck of a job man. There he is with another one of them photo off. Just remember one thing George Bush doesn't care about black people or a whole bunch of other things too. Not to mention all those dead people all the blood on his hands 114 votes in the pool. What celebrity ratley? Are you the most tired of Tom Cruz? 277. Enough already. Wait. You're fair. Go away. Paracilton 236. Terrell Owens 162. He is just nauseating. Don't stop Tiger Woods 87. Go away. Take your balls and leave. Pretty spirit 66. Oprah 49. What's that the same thing they heard to take your balls and leave? Oprah. Mel Gibson 41 Donald Trump 39 star Jones 36. Very bonds 26. Erzots Madonna 24. Shack is got 16. All right. Jessica Simpson 14. Bono 14. Wouldn't he used to nine Jennifer Aynis tonight George police only got five. I guess they haven't seen either one of those bad movies. Sarahiana or good night good luck. Oh, god really bad. Brad Pitt 3M Lance bass is only got two. He's only got two. So who cares if he's who it all knows who he is anyway, right? Who? In stink guy. Remember in stink? Bye bye. Yeah. Adam. Cataclyc sister Helen P. Jean author of Dead Man Walking and a long time social activist has been uninvited as the keynote speaker at the dice. He said to the education dinner or not to over. Wait for you here. Why do you see the story? Nope. And a letter to some guys he's residents sent yesterday to the fish of Dennis Schnoor. I wonder if he's a snore snore said that the scene the cancel event. Those the S. H. words man. See you think of one S. H. We're all new people out there. Schmuggegy Schlamiel Schlamazel snore in pepper and corporate right. The list of the shabda's snores said that the decision to cancel event and pre-genes at rest was based on her name appearing on August 3rd New York Times ad calling for president Bush to be real from office to which we said. Snore said the end was brought to his attention by lay people in the dice. Upon reviewing the end I find that I share their concerns snore said in the letter. Therefore we've made the difficult decision to cancel her appearance. The event which had been said for October 1 of the Duluth Entertainment Convention Center was a joint fundraiser for Duluth and iron range Catholic schools. The same dinner last year raised more than 30,000 dollars for the green bay auxiliary bishop as the keynote speaker. The event was scheduled for the DECC this year because such a large crowd was expected. So Kyle L. or communication director for the dice. I wonder if he was kind of Carl L or the old football player. It's very disappointing. This is a very big event. We couldn't get another speaker in time. The problem wasn't the political nature of the issues raised in the end. I was said noting that the church and pre-gen often takes stands on political issues. The partisan attack of Bush crossed the line. When it gets into attacking a political figure that becomes partisan, I was said noting that the church has both moral and legal obligations to remain on partisan. During the last national election several churches were criticized and some investigated by the IRS because they were led to a indoor specific candidates or political parties. A violation of their nonprofit status. The added question titled the World Can't Wait throughout the Bush regime carried the endorsement of 90 individuals, including pre-gen. Remember these sisters as the saying shows of mid-something in the world. Some French mid-May, who knows what that is. The World Can't Wait Organizes a sponsoring a master of protest against the Bush administration on October 5. Pre-gened to see seven as on a three months sabbatical for a renewal and writing a officer to the day. And is not available till September 1. But in later on, her website, Pre-gened said that he had properly criticizes Bush's reckless pursuit of war in Iraq. What happened to him? The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. The whole country was in the middle of the country. All the countries that went to 찐 찣 set an end license. The whole country was in the middle of the country. Comparing to theline in the chapter, the diverse population did not show any clash withında or的人 discriminate. Prof. Enemies are a part where they don't speak a self-examine. People who first Japan are practically partial for the political pressure is noters. A roo-ba we made a bigger deal Inserts for never leave all away One white girl we trained a late And me even asked for help from the name you see I'm sign of it George Bush was a case in name in Crawford I guess that's your bill The nomadie girl Girls don't want me The city of New Orleans Or the half-two send their cell to the far end The non-collector nestle passes we don't want to be doing that So how's your nestle coming? Go ahead and forget about 145-1 I want to get that other client to see Why is we all looking very wild? There's all the panic Oh they show an hour we'll never pick up our ventilating Yeah I watched about 30 seconds How many seconds? About 30 minutes In B.C. 6 online there and I thought Well since there are newspartner we're playing in promo Maybe we'll learn something on there You know that I don't know Didn't we got it you know? I got it Although I will say this And encourage you I think that there's those alone We could be getting some extensive coverage here on our nestle And some ice so you know Although why don't we have to do that when we just go to the radar Right Right We'll go back to my radar One moment please We'll go back to Miami radar And actually earlier if you do the arrows there and you like Leapy lead little arrows Oh look at that You notice how that in fact that one band there It's shaped just like Cuba isn't it? Yeah the northern band Looks just like Cuba Maybe that's the American band Holy moly And that thing is it's already in there man It's in there it's invaded It's coming to Broward Not in Broward yet It's actually a long ways from Broward But it's certainly in date in fact if you look out your window right there And take a look at the whole thing is really moved Is it just my imagination is that thing all of a sudden like picked up speed Or maybe they just cut up on the radar I don't know Don't just see what I'd be saying I do see it Let's start kids making a big move Anyway, we got some rain coming Lot of rain Lot of rain not the end of the world Don't get all panicked You don't act like some kind of a jackass Don't act selfish like everything's all from me You know Go ahead and happen to people like that But the key west is getting a good marathon It's getting that key largo is getting it right the heavy duty In fact it's already looks like a little respite there Maybe not it's hard to tell But Miami's right on the verge of putting that upper finger there man That outer band it looks just like Cuba in reverse Maybe Fidelos come when you think Oh When that be something I got one it is absolutely up your alley Sally Well I'm even over John Tierney wrote this and it's date line and student Am Did you see it on our website? No From Sunday New York Times It's a busy sitting in line for gas these days to be written any time So I'm going to see the most of those movies over the weekend I watched one of them I watched a drowsman Recissants you know the president The hunting one about other Then I must make you water crock I'm crying at whole credit for it So transparent Yeah But Didn't you know the media couldn't see through it Or they wouldn't see it They wouldn't see it There were two three years of all that crap And we're 70 million dollars you were taxed There were dollars on a moniker game And of course on white water We're never having a first place At least not with them The Zars refer madness John Tierney in some days New York Times Didn't see it Nope Our Jan Ross can the creator of the award winning Mayor of Wanderblend named Arjan's Hayes I'm sure you're probably smoking some of that right now You know it the purple stuff Has dozens of pictures and celebrity visitors on the wall of this coffee shop And Amsterdam I'm Shadam He's got Eminem Many cravets, Ellishic keys Ellishic keys Oh my man I can confuse Ellishic keys Lishic keys Ellishic keys Ellishic keys Ellishic keys You know my Tyson But so far unfortunately not a single white house drug Zars The Zars have preferred to criticize from afar In the past they've called duck drug policy And unmitigated disaster Bemoating Amsterdam's stolen zombies And its streets cluttered with junkies Antipotpa passion is only increased in the Bush administration Which has made it a priority combat For Wana More than half a million Americans are arrested annually for possessing it The Bush administration can't even abide it for being used for medical purposes by the terminally ill Why are we escaping any of its fallen to the hands of young people who could turn into podcasts Crack addicts and junkies But if America's drug warriors came to Amsterdam They would learn something even if they didn't sample any of the dozen varieties of marijuana sold legally And especially the licensed coffee shops They could see that the patrons puffing on joints Generally don't look any more zombie like than the crowd in an American bar Or for that matter a congressional subcommittee Listening to a lecture on the evils of marijuana And if they talked to Peter Cohen a Dutch researcher who had been studying drug use for quarter century They would discover something even more dored disorienting Even though marijuana has been widely available since the 1970s and up to corrupt a couple of generations The Netherlands is not succumb to refer madness The Dutch generally used drugs less than Americans do According to national surveys in both countries And these surveys might understate Americans drug usage Simply because we spun and are less likely to admit illegal behavior More Americans than Dutch reported having tried marijuana cocaine and heroin Among teenagers who tried marijuana Americans were more likely to be regular users In comparison to banster them with another liberal poor city San Francisco Cohen and other researchers found that people in San Francisco when nearly twice as likely to a fried marijuana Cohen isn't sure exactly what cultural and economic factors account for the different usage patterns in American the Netherlands But he's confident he can rule out one explanation Drug policy is irrelevant since Cohen a former director of the Center for drug research at the University of Amsterdam It's quite logically says to theorize that our law and drugs would have an impact But experience shows otherwise both in America and in some European countries with stricter laws than the Netherlands But no less drug use The good news about drugs Cohen says is that the differences among countries aren't all that important Love us of addiction are generally low in America as well as in Europe The bad news is that the occasional drug fed gets hyped into a crisis that leads to bad laws Prohibition does not reduce drug use but it does have other impacts He says it takes up an enormous amount of police time and generates large possibilities for criminal income In the Netherlands that income goes instead to coffee shop owners under the government which exact heavy taxes It also imposes strict regulations on what goes on in a coffee shop including who can be served no miners and how much can be sold 5 grams to a customer Any unruly behavior of public disturbances can quickly close on a shop To avoid problems at the greenhouse, Ross came as closer to cameras and a staff that urges novices to stick with small doses And to protect their lungs by taking hits from a vaporizer unlike street fires in America customers know exactly what strength they're getting Which is especially useful the hundreds of people with multiple sclerosis and other elements who use his marijuana medicinally Ross came sneers at the street products in the US which it considers overpriced and badly blended But he acknowledges there's one feature in the American market he came compete with Bruns who just less interesting here he said one of my best friends who never smoked cannabis never wanted even to try my products That's when she was 32 when she went to American holiday and smoked for the first time I asked her why and she said it was more fun over there. It was illegal I didn't like that for bitten fruit baby fruit you're fairy norma So how's that radar coming? Do let me forget now? I will to check who's naughty and nice on it Thing it wasn't about one one 50. I got to get back to that pool now. We got 1200 votes yet pretty shocking when everybody's out there trying to siphon gas out of other people's car sticking their Q somebody else's tank stick a tiger in the tank tiger woods Oh, he makes me sick. I don't know what it is. It's good. That a racial thing because he's like you know He's a bunch of everything. Yeah, he's a cocktail 1151 votes and I pull what's the level you're athlete are you most tired of time cruise to say 86 perisult and 240 two Actually, it's pretty good race there when you say it is she's close You know is knows oh my god. Let me say it again. Did you notice did I take my warning and take a look at what's your name in that tent movie? What's her name? Oh Paula Jones. Oh, it's a good thing she got a nose job I'm afraid she could open up locked doors with that thing. It looks like something else. Yeah. Oh, yeah, don't say it Well perisult and 240 too. Yeah, looks like an ant colder, which he's got Terrell owns 169 a big one tiger woods 88 Brittany spirit 68 or brought 51. I think she's got some lot of money Nobody knows why now hit 40 or Donald Trump 40 star Jones 39 very bonds 27 Madonna 24 I only like her because she keeps sticking her sticking into the catheter church. I just love that keep pissing them off You know, I mean granted it's all done for policy to make money Nevertheless, she still pisses them off. Shack is got 18 enough with that big head already Jessica Simpson 14 bottle 14 with the Houston 9 She's having a big love affair with Oh Samu Yamama she don't know yet and his 48 wives Jennifer ain't instant eight George Clooney still only got five He started with five he still got five he ain't going nowhere is will be sucked Brad Pitt three and Lance best still's got a small pair And it's not good to have a small pair when you're gay because then you know all or he's probably got plenty of company when you think I imagine he's probably a busy boy a House in the Carol to neighborhood near Lafayette Academy. All right. That's a good place That's where he's gonna go when he retired very very soon. We hope He's gone Applied directly to the brain. Sam caffeine applied directly to the brain. Sam How Und unfortunately You're a little sad, sir. I'll think you're such a wikker once that dutch you can't lock dutch, so it don't continue. Duh! But no one will get planes like with age you play, no heads will roll. Apart hand-as-word, this will be a slap on a wrist and no charges filed. What a surprise! Since you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new mess, sir. No body, a new getthall a slip in the pole, that's no problem. You'll fix it. You're a spinner, she will deal with new world-leaves, because that's their job, as per usual. Son of a, for she is a foot in your touch, you're an asshole. We just don't understand you've got blood on your hands, but what no brain will have a problem, so you made it obvious that these to those delivers you have no shame on shame. And what's with that stir you stupid jerk when people have died old. Son of a bitch you should be a bitch that we named from. I know a hall of favor and get them. You're here. Jack ass! Abu Garp. Ray, 117 is five, 60 WKM. We still got that stubborn 33 percent. Although I noticed the new newsweek pool yesterday, he's backed up a 36 percent overall. 36. Yeah. Popularity. That said, same like I said, stubborn 33 35 36. They're like, but I don't like that. Yahoo's. Eric Hamlin got off to a rush started a car-many middle school in Colorado. In the very first week of class, he got a letter of reprimand, who was placed on a administrative leave as reported by the, uh, then repost. You see this? No. You haven't seen too much because you've been in the hospital. I'm stupid. You better watch that kiss in your movie. Well, I will. And even though the school quickly reinstated the means decided not to be turned. He tells the progressive. Hamlin was hired to teach World Geography the seventh graders of the school, which is in Jefferson County, Colorado. For the past eight years, he says he's taught in that district. He prepared his classroom by displaying the flags of Mexico, China and the UN as he has in previous classes without incident. He says, but when assistant principal Victoria Winslow came into his class on August 21, the baby four school was to begin and saw the flags. She told him to take them down. That surprised me and caught me off guard. He says, I asked her why I had to take them down. And she said, it was Jefferson County School District policy. I said, I'd had the flags up before in Jefferson County. And if that was the policy, I had some issues with it. She left them in about an hour later. She returned and said, well, I'm sorry. I was wrong. It isn't district policy. It's actually state law and handed me a copy of a Colorado state statute. The statute says any first new displays any flag other than the flag of the US or the state of Colorado, or any of its subdivision agencies or institutions upon any state, counting the list of the other public building reges and grounds within the state. Commence a class one petty offense. Sounds awfully petty to me, don't it? Showed up. There was an exception in the statute for a temporary display of any instruction or historical materials, not permanently a fixed or attached to any part of the buildings. Hamlin says he read the statute. Notice the last part about the temporary display of educational purposes, and put it out to Winslow. But she felt the flags seemed permanent and again said that I needed to take them down. A little while later, principal John Schalt came to see him. According to the hamlin he said, I hear we're having some issues with flags. You need to understand that you have to take them down. Now, Hamlin refused. I told him I wanted to have the flags. Up so the students could observe them and reference them and ask questions about them. He says he informed me I was in subordinate. I agreed with that. However, I told him I thought there was a bigger issue here, so he told me there would be further discipline and reaction. Hamlin was allowed to teach him August 22, but at the end of the day, he was called down to principal Schalt's office again. He presented me with a letter of reprimand, Hamlin says, if Hamlin wanted to return in good standing, but I said he would have to agree to not display any flag of any foreign nation, Hamlin recalls. And I had to receive administrative approval for any of this play I was putting up in my classroom. Hamlin says he told Schalt that he couldn't morally comply with those terms. The next day, shortly after Hamlin arrived at school, Schalt handed him a letter of placing him on a administrative leave. Are you following this? I am carefully. It's chilling at it. After that, in her post and having been post, other media outlets got a hold of this story, Hamlin never was in county and school officials to see if they could work out an agreement. What we eventually agreed was that I would be able to have the flags up on a rotational basis with 12 weeks being the longest, which is how I used the flags anyway Hamlin said. But before agreeing to go back, Hamlin wanted me with a principal out of the school administrators, which he did August 24. And he wanted to consult with other faculty members to see what the school atmosphere was like. I confident shaken the school administrators ability to back in certain situations he said. The teachers he spoke with warned him that a lot of people in the school don't like what you've done. They think you tried to rip the school party says. Hamlin says he asked for a date to decide what to do on August 25th he chose to leave. I came to the decision that it probably would be best for me for students and for a carmeny middle school. If I moved on, he says, Hamlin hopes to work for the district and one capacity or another. We're working at a possible transfer. And he says, Hamlin says he bears no ill-willed poor poor poor principal shock. In fact, he feels bad for him. He's just getting skating emails. He says, most of them are very unfair calling him Nazi and things like that. All of these. All of these things. The principal thought it was a reasonable interpretation of the statute to ask him to remove the flags. Lynn sets her executive director of communication for Jefferson County Public Schools. Tells the progressive, the subject matter was longitudinal attitude. Or maybe it was just bad attitude. For a while there, sets her believe the matter was settled. Hamlin was returned in the class. He was clear to go back to the class he told me Friday morning from the district standpoint the matter has been resolved. But that was before Hamlin chose not to return. We're working to try to fight him. A new assignment based on his request certainly not ours sets her now says. Mark Silverstein legal director for the Colorado ACAU questions. The validity of the state statute and the schools interpretation of it. I have a hard time understanding how the state of Colorado's interest is threatened. By someone displaying a foreign flag in some state building he says, especially by a geography teacher using foreign flags. As part of the instruction about different parts of the world. The statute itself represents legislative overreaction to a non-problem and the principal's decision was an overreaction to the statute he was saying. Which is the unestated of the center. Take down foreign flags. Okay. Come on. Yeah. And all of you people would have human flags. Take them down all of them. Resilient flags. Okay. Let's say that stupid soccer crap. Brazil, Brazil, the hell would Brazil. Okay. Take them flags down. Cut the crap. For maybe several details on this next legal stop. Coming up on life front. He's strange. I'm telling you he's the, I keep trying to tell you he's the guy from that outer space movie. Which wasn't. Oh, the day it's still the day the earth was ready with Michael Rennie man. He had the same thing in the other same kind of face. Well, he wasn't quite as, uh, grow test looking. He certainly did not have a pear shaped ass. Oh, see, I tried to tell you that right in the beginning right from the go. Yeah. And that is never trusted guy with a pear shaped ass. It's just, uh, that I mean, that's a lady. Okay. That's a lady. Wait till you see that movie for brothers. I'm not, I'm not going to get to that movie unless you get to that movie. And let's say you get to that movie. Oh, I'm going to keep a log at it. Watch till the trials and recrispenter. Because if you think, if you think the Clinton one pays too off, wait until you see that. You're going to want to go and find out where Henry is right now and go and give me a piece of your mind. Or like he said, pieces in our hands. That was before your time. That was during Vietnam. Pieces in our hands. Yeah. Piece of Cambodia, piece of the lowest piece of this, you know, piece of crap. Which is exactly what he is. 25 after one, man, we got some heavy duty sports stuff. Today the marlins are in fire. They might just make that wild card. And you know, I really do hope they make the wild card and spread a different area. David Samson and Delilah. Because maybe we can make back on QM. Some of that money we've been losing on those broadcast rights. We've been charging this for a major league team. And for a long time we're playing like a little league team. Maybe they didn't get to tell Lily to pitch for the marlins. Josh. Well, that would be a bad thing. Hey, you want to gain the other day. They scored him like, I don't know. More was like 10 to 6, 10 to 7. They scored him a bunch of runs in a year. That's why he won. And this time when a manager went out there to take the ball away. He just handed it right to him. Okay. Bye bye. See ya. So man, all these stupid-ass overpaid jocks and all their attitudes and all their platitudes and all their cram. And then, of course, you people out there that go in, you know, fun all over them. Because, you know, because they, you know, take showers and make it together and stuff like that. Is that what it's all about? You're fairie. Funny, you said, oh, here's your response. So do have teller story. We hired that. And a lot of fun movies. When the storm hit both our cars were totally underwater. We thought it would take forever to get some help. But a new win was about to blow. So thank the way I was trying to do today. Hey, back this time, it's for real. Got to go. Real service. And they just takes the headphones off and they're like, that was okay. Maybe it. Let me tell you right now about where to take your feet. That's brandy shoes and pump out a beach for about 100 years now. Some smart people take their feet to brandy's because it is the best. They carry all the major brands like Forshime, Echo, Mufisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, new balance, all the other top names in the shoe business. It all sizes for men and women. And they even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes for those new people out there with free key feet. Brandy shoes. In fact, is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida. If you've never been there when you walk in for the first time, you'll say, hey, that will fart as right. Man, this is a hell of a place. In fact, when you go to Brandy, stop and see everybody, aren't it? Because every time, I'll make sure you get the right of any shoes for your feet at an unbeatable price. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Providence, between Atlantic Coppids on the East Side, open every day of the week for your shopping convenience, Monday through Saturdays to line, and every Sunday till 5. And again, this week, it's a great time to buy a spareies at Brandy's American Originals on sale on the 4590. Save up to 20 bucks on all of them and some women's styles too. So be sure to get your ass in and take good care of them, touch these at Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's shoes. Come. The first thing is to name some best talents for the business, for your Rogers, for Shredio 560. Hey, hey, hey. It's an audition in the basket. Hello, I'm Ricky Carter. I'm a John Markar. Hmm. Oh, who are you again, Mommy? Frank Carlitch. Hmm. But I'm both a little bigger. Not today. And I've signed up, children. I love children. I love children. They love me. And we love the smell of playground pee. And Mommy wants a liberal quiet today. They ask me, here do they do do do do keep their by knocking bright red after things. I do do all the children. Yes, it was I, both little bearer. I mean, they're making car. I do sell many old. Hmm. And I can't get that little birthday. Hmm. And I shot Superman. Mommy. And I want to put an order of code and run a liberal's in the basket. So leave a member kiss me like that. And I'd like to know how to have Joe leave a member give me talking to me. Mommy, I'll put you this tongue in my basket. At least it's kosher. 132, 28, 122, a QA. And why they're all over this Katrina thing, man. It's a one year emergency. I mean, a line of nursery. Meantime or Nestos, they give a look in the smear. Yeah, they don't care about us. And I identified man was found dead. I rolled on the ground and next time I'm gas station, I'm federal highway and boating me to full of our police. And the good news is police said it wasn't gas line related. Is that good news? OK. Well, the bad news is he's dead. But meanwhile, in Lauderdale, Lauderdale, police said increasing pre-urnexto attention led to a fight in the gas station this morning. They left one person with minor injuries and other handcuffs. Now, the first part in boating, V. Tacos, the McCull Police, the 650 this morning after spawning this body, it said after spawning his body. Oh, the sun sent me all strikes again after spawning a body on the south side of the station. Convenience, Dorset, police spokesman, Sergeant Stewart Steele. He's a man of steel. It's suspicious. He said, it's not gas line related. Thank God. Gas station, which open at 60 it is, morning had no fuel supply at the time this man was found. I didn't notice anything. He said, the man who was sanded our Joshi. He said, no surveillance cameras located outside the station's convenience store, but he heard the victim was badly beaten. At about 9 a.m., the fuel truck said in the rocket, but a handful of customers waiting to gasip before an ester arrived. I'm writing on a few, and said, boating, be present, Edgar Martin. Steel said the man who was found with shorts and a shirt on appeared to be in the 30s or 40s, a pair of glasses was recovered near his body. Well, that narrows it down. Since he had no idea on him, police asked local homeless persons for help and I didn't find them. The other bus he shot can only, hello, who it is. Please send how much revenue described, brought in. In the lottery hill incident, Ludwig Smith 43 of Ludwig Hill got into a physical argument shortly before 7 o'clock this morning with another man over which line to use for the gas pumps at the SIPCO at Northwest 16 Street and Stavereau 7 said Lieutenant Tundra King, police spokeswoman, Smith would charge with battery and take it to the bar of County Jewel. See, only crazy people out there. This is not the end of the world. There's plenty of gas. That's what Jim Smith said, right? Yeah, twice. Everybody said that and then the other guy was, you know, like, Penny Blazer, whoever that was, it said, there's a lot of gas. Don't worry about it. Yeah, yeah. George is the only guy who can't find it. It's just me. Just you. That's because you're a short guy. People have trouble finding those gas stations. If they'd let him up better, just like that, run away and Lexington, then maybe it would be so many problems. I still don't understand that. It makes you real nervous about 40s. I mean, it wasn't because they were flying on a puddle jump or was because the crew was obviously much 80. It's no matter how much experience they had. Oh, yeah, the fact on the flight recorded, even, even combat and the fact that, well, oh, no, that's dark on this runway to lights around. Maybe there's a good reason for that. You morons. That's not the right runway. You jackass, but nevertheless, just pathetic. 1192. Can you believe we're going to go over 12 her votes on a puddle day and a day when people are like toping up all the water and everything all the supplies? Just wait to, in fact, you probably waited to go to the some public still. I got other people that do that. Not the wife. Of course. That goes to public. You're going to a place like Dan. She better. I'm not going to go there. She hang out there with the ankle turmerics and makes sure she doesn't have like any injuries or maybe that's why you're scindering there. She paints little symbols of old people on the side of her cart. Oh, man. Just pathetic. Voter's agree. The American political system is broken. This is by Rasmussen reports. This was on your favorite website, capital Hill blue. It used to be your favorite website until a dunk Thompson got, uh, that is, so sad. Sad. He got sad tracked. I was going to say he got sidetracked, but sad. He got sad tracked is very sad. Look what happened to Dan, rather man. Look what's going on in America. Used to be a little bit of freedom. Not a whole lot, but a little bit. Not no, no. That's why you're right. It's a shame that they're moving that at Merum movie. It's such a piece of garbage. Good night and good luck. Don't waste your time. Man, it is so lame. So weak. And quite frankly, unless you're going to know the whole story of the McCarthy area, and it's meaningless, it has absolutely no meaning. You know what I'm saying? Right. Because it gives everything like a quick look in a Schmerinetsia, there's a wasted opportunity. That is correct. I leave it to George Clooney, man, who could drive you a looney. That's Siri Anna thing. I'll get back to you, Siri Anna. That's what I should have said about halfway in the movie. I'll get back to you, Siri Anna, instead of wasting my time watching the whole thing. What a piece of turd man. And then of course, in the end, Matt Dillam comes back home to the wife and family and everything is just right. You didn't see that, did you? No. Oh, thank God. Well, watch it. I'm begging you. I won't. Unless they pay you by the frame, do not watch that piece of garbage. A plurality of voters in each of 32 states agrees that the political system in the US is badly broken. Percentages is range from a high of 63% in Vermont to 47% in Nebraska, but at all, all of them point in the same direction. The Rasmus and reports surveys were conducted as part of a series of election 2006 polls on Senate and Governor raises across the country. In earlier, national survey found that just 48% of American adults believe that elections are generally fair to voters. That number has been fairly consistent since we began pulling on the topic of the mid-90s. The only change has been the partisan details. In the 90s, with the Democrat in the White House, Democrats were more likely than Republicans to believe the elections are fair. Now, when they were Republican in the White House, the partisan perspectives have reversed. That couldn't be because we had two-faced presidential elections back to back side by each could it. The earlier survey also found, oh, look at that only 50% of hospitals in the United States and New Orleans have reopened, and 29% of schools. However, job, Vosci, between an and Brownie man, what a job. 29% of schools have reopened and New Orleans in a year. Oh boy, at 50% of hospitals. The earlier, but of course, the multimillionaires, they're doing just fine. The big businesses are doing just fine. All the fancy restaurants. The earlier survey also found that by a margin of 68% to 29%. American adults believe that election balance should be printed in English only rather than English and Spanish. I bet you'd probably be cannon vote on that poll several times. Look at the state-by-state results that are not surprising me. Great divides along geographic lines. I bet you'll do that on your several times too. In 22 of the 32 states, at least 60% of the voters favored English only ballots. Topping this list were 10 to C, 77%, Montana 72%, West Virginia 71%, Alabama and Georgia 70%. See if common thread there? Red Nags. Vermonted 49% had the lowest support for English only ballots. 47% of voters in Howard Dean's home state disagree in one bilingual ballots and then there are a whole bunch of men Massachusetts want by sexual ballots. Texas, New York, Massachusetts, in Maryland where the only other states were more than 40% of voters favored bilingual ballots and how about a Mexican flag on top of the post office? Individuals should be required to present photo ID for voting when they go to the polls that was also asked. Support for this approach range from 60% and Vermont to 92% and guess what state? Florida, you're right. Maine was the only other state to register below these 73% level of support for requiring photo ID's. Oh, why do that? Try to get it right, you know? Right. Now you can carry it away. Voters, New York are more likely than any other state to express a concern about voter suppression, 34% of New York voters hold this view. Washington and Arizona are top of the Comps to concerns about ineligible people casting ballots and Washington, that may be the result of the controversy in the election for governor and Arizona's more likely to kind of considerings about illegal immigrants. Call up Lou Doves, see if he's going to give his ass on this in time for tonight's show. Come on, Lou, you can do it, man. Let's get them illegal aliens. Let's get them. Come on, Lou. That's it. All right. Who's the more obsessed using him or a panty can and when I think of that, you could take it. I don't know. They could musk it. They could musk, grove it. 140, 20, 12, too. And I don't forget during this break in last these last few minutes because I know what's going on. I'm going to get sports intensive. Not that the mad dog in the hump are not going to keep you in touch with what's going on with our vast news, expertise and department of QA. But you know, just like I did 11 o'clock, wasn't that good the way I kind of like, kind of stay in the middle of a million miles away. Thank God. Son of a shining blue, no rain here, baby. Oh, rain here. And of course with Ernesto on the way and just about there already. Keep in mind that dry concepts that the people who can do a fantastic job for you. In fact, when you have dry concepts come into your home and clean your carfets, it really is true that you can clean today and entertain to that because they're drying a few hours. And you're ready to rock and roll again and no time at all. Your carpet stay clean and longer with no sticky residue behind it. But over 50,000 satisfied customers, you know they are the best. And like I said with Ernesto, just about there, keep in mind that dry concepts of the experts in water damage restoration. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your home of goodness dry within 24 to 72 hours guarantee. So, I hope that you all stayed dry, but there are going to be some of you have some real service these next two or three days. So keep these goals in mind. And the carpet all off, dry concepts that that's did the aerobic and a rug cleaning, the only plant in South Florida on site dedicated to keeping your expensive and expensive area rugs looking just like brand new. So do yourself a great favor and call dry concepts like I've been doing for over 21 years and they'd rather than the Palm Beach is a total free call. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Run a wicked web, dryconcets.com. So, best challenge to the basis of the real rotors for Shredio 560. I've heard of that for a new post of the days of year. These days, they're all that's been happening here. Well, later, it's time to run. Now, what about the ingredients? It's good to know that they're all lazy garbage, low-frequency because these are weak. All I need is a lazy. And the thing that's good is that you can get fresh new leaves and close them up to get yourself on the Cadillac board. Get the chalk! Get the chalk! Put me on the Cadillac board! It's not too good to be true. It's the Glen Gary Leads, the leading provider of good leaves on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them. Not the ones on the blue cards you're used to trying to close on. No matter what kind of property you're trying to close on, Glen Gary has the leads you need. These are the new leads. And you don't accept them. Unless you call now, 1-800- Glen Gary Leads. They're for closest. That's 1-800. Get the worth. That's 1-800. Have you made your decision for Christ? Call Glen Gary Leads now. And you'll receive 6,000 dollars. And 1-800. That's 1-800. Close! 14-021. Guess what? The new advisory, the intermediate public advisory on Ernest Leads. Hey, don't forget that advisory. It's not here yet. Okay. Well, I'm refreshing, and I am mild. What are your favorite cigarettes? That'd be a good poll someday. What we back in the day when you were smoking cigarettes. What cigarette did you smoke most? Fred Flintstone for Paul Malt. Newports. Outstanding. There was that chest of Illinois which tell me all outstanding and they are mild. I mean, we know what the chest of fields boss for lying. That's exactly what I had in my life. Beat me two about 1-1-1-2. Oh, the 11-Aimit advisory is still up there. I keep clicking the refresh button and nothing's happening. That's the pressing OTA when it happens all the time. Well, I'm going to be right on top of them, man, because I don't want to be giving no misinformation. I want everybody to make sure they got a lot of gas. They get a lot of bottle of water, a lot of viscween and duct tape. Plywood, two by foes, right? Show. Stuff like that. There's an inpanelianologist, boy, and you talk about butchery names. Wait, wait till you hear this. Did you see this story about the new type of dinosaur that discovered? No, there's new one. And they spent 80 million years. It's even more than the rotten keto Ecuador. More than satanic, mate, fos. Yeah, 80 million years. And this again for all the getchies after the religionists with their, while the earth are got created in their five or six thousand years. Oh, yeah, yeah. See, that's only when the Israelis and the Jews and the earth are killing each other. But man goes, the whole thing goes back billions of years. When God created it, of course. That's. They'll God. Resinian paleontologists have discovered a new giant dinosaur species based on fossilized fragments of the herbiverous reptile that lived 80 million years ago. Long before it was in the Abraham, where Solomon or even Abraham Solomon. The mechic, uh, I can't say calisaurus topi. Well, that wasn't too bad. Maxic calisaurus topi of the titanusoriagru. Well, I did that very well. They have 87 letters in it. Was 13 yards long and weighed about nine tons. Wow. Can't you have Tennessee or any right now, seeing an yellow 16 ton huh? Well, I have to see. 10, right. 16 tons to nine tons. Tennessee or any on capital record man, it was number one for about 400 weeks in a row on your hit parade with Russell arms and Jizel MacKenzie and Snookie Lansing and Dorothy Collins. Your hit parade. Who was the host on your hit parade? I bet I don't. I only got it by Johnny Cash. David. 16 tons? Yeah. Yeah. I don't hear it. It was somewhere. You got her any for it in there. Tennessee or any baby. You got it. Don't. He will say a man. He died. I wonder he's dead. Anyway, it had a large body. Not Johnny K. Well, he did too. It had a large body in a long tail and a neck with a relatively small head. It sounds like the beast. Large body, small head. Some of the bones found had the marks of titan, which led scientists to believe that the specimen was the vowed by carnivorous carnivorous dinosaurs after its death. They were mackin' on each other. The fossils they back to the late, uh, credit, credit, creditious period. Careful. Yes, quotations. They were found during excavations between 1998 and 2002. Next to a highway in a place called Serrite, they bore vista in central southern Mesjuraya state. Where is this? Oh, this is in Rio. And Brazil, a lot on the May speak Portuguese anyway, right? See. It went to some time for the scientists to categorize the species and reconstruct the skeleton. This is, uh, it gives, it tells about the names of Indians. It says, it's a custom in Brazil, give Indians to paleontogical finds. They lived 70 million years ago, and I see the ones that they had before, and the fossils only were found in Argentina. Now, they got no ones that were 80 million years old. Almost all the left-leavened sunrise lakes and in Surfside. I keep clickin' this thing, and it isn't refreshing. So you know what I'm gonna do? What do you can do? Well, I'm gonna do it break now, because I want to make, I don't want to box myself into a corner. And by the way, oh, here it is. Oh, man, that was the luckiest thing. That was almost like a sexual experience. The outer rain bands of Ernesto are spreading over the Florida Keys and Southeast Florida Coast. I'm strengthening, uh, still expected. I think what I need to do is I need to print this out, because I don't want to have to revolve the monitor. You following me? I'm following you. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna go do the break, and then I'm gonna give you the advisory. Give me the advice, the latest and the not so greatest. The biggest name, so the best talent to the species, we all rock earths, Force Radio 560, you A-D-M. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Food for your family, $300. Rebuild in your home, $5,000. Going all your relief money on divorces, sex change operations, and season tickets to the same. Price was, there are some things in life that are necessities for everything else. There's the FEMA card, FEMA, the official card, and the responsibility. I get the job boys, okay, 156 mad dog is coming up next. This is like the old days, remember the old days? No, what was the last season head numbers all day? Oh, those old days, yeah, it was a long time ago. Here's the intermediate advisory, the two-clock advisory on topical storm and Nisto. A tropical storm morning in Hurricane Watcher made an effect from New Smurna Beach, southward on the Florida East Coast, including Lake O'Koot, Aleko Kajobi, from the need of Beach southward on a west coast and for all the Florida Keys, promotion moved to the dry toward Tugas. A tropical storm morning remains an effect along the West East Coast north of New Smurna Beach, northward to what is that? Altahima, sound Georgia. But we don't care about Georgia anyway. Let them lose their souls, right? All the Hamma. A tropical storm morning and or Hurricane Watcher likely may be required for the remainder of the Georgia coast and for the South Carolina coast later today. Nothing could be fine, then it will blow away South Carolina. A tropical storm morning remains an effect for the Florida West Coast, from north of the need to beach northward to the Anglewood and a tropical storm March remains an effect from north of Anglewood to Tarpen Springs. A tropical storm morning in a hurricane, a watcherman and effect for Andros Island, the very islands, the Bimdys and Grand Bahamas and the north western Bahamas. At 2pm, the center of tropical storm on the east coast was located near line of 22.9 north. Are you charting, mapping? Unlookin' at it. Tracking it? I'm looking at it too, and the chart, yeah, there it is. And I still feel the same way, but nevertheless, just quit interjecting your own opinions. You know meteorologists, okay? You know, uh, northern northern, northern, northern. In a weather furry. At 2pm, the center of tropical storm on the east coast was located near line of 22.9 north, longitude 79.7 west or about 135 miles east southeast of Key West and only about 125 miles south southeast of Miami. Oh my God. Our nest was moving toward the northwest near 13 miles an hour, and this general motion is expected to continue today and tonight. On this track, the center will be nearing the Florida Keys and extreme southern Florida tonight. However, rains and squalls would tropical storm force winds are arriving well in advance of the center. Can I read that last? It says, on this track, the center will be nearing the Florida Keys and extreme southern Florida tonight. You see where the center is? Mm-hm. The center is like way away from where the all of us to the action is now. If I'm looking at the right thing, am I right? Yeah, that indeed is the center. If that's the I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. Yeah, it's kind of hard. First, it's not a hurricane. It's only a tropical storm. If I were there, where shall I not? Minimum, I'm maximum of sustained winds are near 45 miles an hour, with higher gusts, some strengthening is expected before the center reaches Florida, although the outer bands are already like a whipping into the lansching and the keys, especially, and also in Dayton, soon in Broward. Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 85 miles from the center, the Air Force Hurricane Hunter Planger Port today minimum central pressure of 1,0008 millibars and it's 29.77 inches. Coastal storm surge flooding of 103 feet above normal tide levels can be expected in areas of Amtro Floor within the warning area. Rainfall totals of 5 to 10 inches are possible near the track of Ernesto over 7 Florida, including the keys to Wednesday, 2 tomorrow, with isolated amounts of up to 15 inches possible. Rainfall amounts of 2 to 4 inches, but isolated amounts of up to 6 inches, expected over eastern and central Cuba. Rainfall amounts of 1 to 2 inches, but isolated amounts of 4 inches is possible over the Bahamas. I-Celated tornadoes possible over South Florida, including the keys this evening and tonight. Got it? Got it. I'm going to get your gas. I don't know. Next advice me, 5 to 5 this afternoon by the way. I just need your gas. I just need some beans. Oh. I think Josh ought to take you out right now and drive around with you. Yeah. Because he's the diesel. Even if he runs out he can keep like we load him up, you know. All right. I got some cans. Take you out. He'll follow you. He'll go around and you know. And wish about 10-12 gallons of final gas station's open. Mad Dog Jim Man, it's next the across over the cross-dress hour 4 to 5 and the Humper 5 this afternoon. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.