So the Marlins of one one and a row. They don't knock it now. They really start to make a move 6299. And that's a 10-in-s life by the spite of that big heat dance. Yeah right. That's stiff competition. 6299. It means it will like maybe 3000 people or yeah exactly. Well, got to start somewhere. They're 9-in-22. What a record that is. Oh, I see Kansas City won again last night. They'd be Cleveland, I think, 10-8. So the Marlins continue being right down there at the rock bottom. Well, thought you're out pitch just tonight and we'll have it for you right here. Oh, yeah right here on QM right after the Josie Gaki show between 4-630. Josie fell in for a vacationing mad dog and Josie follows. Oh, that. Look, what's the point? What's the use, you know? What's the use of same thing? You realize it's the middle of May? The middle of May, they gave Mo his walking papers. I'm the 13th of January. So you're a footballer in March, April, it's 4 months later. And they're still, but it would be better. But about being there, they still can't figure out what side is up. This great new regime. So you know what I'm doing? I just take the money to the bank. Yep. Take the money to Woodbond. Have a nice winning day like I had yesterday. And not another one to those mirror thorns. Man, I was home by 815. Just about five hours. Good machine, man. When you sit down, you put in a hundred bucks and you hit it three times and here come to the spin for 400. And you're playing with their money all day and then you hit the thousand at the end. You're doing just fine. I like that thing with their money the whole time. Yep. That was a pleasant surprise. They had a good machine, man. Yeah, I want to really, I was betting the bell-mont card yesterday. Yeah. And one early in play with their money, only a match to squander their money. Oh, that's why I left. I wasn't going to do that. I wasn't going to give it back. Once that thousand came up on the line, I thought to myself, well, I know this machine's going to pay some nice jackpot snows. But you know what? In fact, it was one of the regulars there waiting for a machine. It was pretty busy. I said, I'm catching out. You want this? And you sat right down. I said, good luck to you. And I ran out of there. That's the way to do it. Just take their money and run. Go let them catch you. They'll catch you with a butterfly net. Anyway, I checked on this the date for the beginning of the slots. Oh, happy day. The headwind hawk and singers I can hear him right now. Oh, happy day. And it is July, but, well, July is not a day. July is a month last time. But what isn't going to happen is, you know, they haven't built the casino yet or whatever. They haven't built the casino yet. What will they be waiting for? Like, I read a story. The pop-in-o is going to build this lavish facility. Right. Well, no, they scaled it back now because the fat ass governor and legislatures, you know, made it so much more difficult for them. Limited the number of machines to 1500. Yep. 1500's not bad. Because when I first started going to woodbine, it was 1500. And there was, there's plenty. There's plenty action there. I mean, now it's, I think, more like 1800's. But you see what's going on? How about your part? See what they got permission. They got permission to build condos, hotel houses. And that's what they're doing to woodbine. Movie, movie, movie, movie, movies. And I'm not too happy about that because if they do that and build a big hotel, it means there's going to be a lot more pain than the ass people inside the casino. And that much harder to get in my sheen. It also means that the traffic around Alvin, Torr is going to be unlabeled. Oh, that's a piece of cake, man. You kidding me? That's easy, you know? If you got a helicopter. Wait, do you get all that in there? Yeah. Well, I think you have to have like a death certificate to get to move in. I think I think you have to sign a thing promising that you'll die within six months in order to live in that area. Well, how will they all have in Torr? It's different. Yeah, same well. How Ventura is your ass a lot of young people. And Ventura just got more money. Yep, true. How long it has got more of a... Oh, you, it's all old. And Ventura got plenty of Jews. No shortage. No shortage Jews, and Eventura. In fact, that's where your general mander wanted me to come to Eventura to the mall or inside of those CDs. You know, I told him. I said, no chance. No chance. Get serious. Quickly in the clown. Quick joke in a round. Well, the mall they're building at Galshene is supposed to be the same size as Sorgres. Yeah. Whatever you think. Any real stores in there is going to be like Sorgres. I don't even know what Sorgres. I'm going to... I'm going to say it again. From the back of my previous house, not to want to be now. I was able to see them building the Sorgres mall when I lived in that house. Yeah. And to this day, I mean, maybe I've been there 15 times all the years that it was there. I still don't know what the attraction is. It's the number two tourist attraction in the state behind Disney World. And I have no idea why any even people that don't speak English, people come from Brazil to go to Sorgres to do what? To get lost to the purple parrot influence. The dumbass dolphin entrance. I don't get it. And of course, keep in mind, it also in July. It will start in July. It was you kind of like forgotten about I'm sure. Speaking of the Sorgres. There's any events at the Macarooning. You park in the Sorgres lot. You got to pay to get out and to walk onto the lot. Yeah. Walk onto Wayne's property or the Counties, whoever's property is. You got to pay to get in there. Just to walk onto the property. Yeah. To try to co-ores you to try to force you to use their offensive overpriced parking with no drainage by the way. And then forget one of the first... The first fan there games at the Macarooning. And it rained like hell during the game. And after there was no drainage. There was one of the things they forgot about when they built that place. And so you walked out and everybody had their pants up to their knees. It was like waiting to your car. Quite an experience. Oh well. That's what they were saying. Think of a swim. Think of a swim. Yeah. That's what they were all saying. Think of a memorial. The panthers. How about those savers? I don't care about that. It was really something man. That was some games. Savers are for real. They're on fire. They're going to kick out of us. And so go to show you. Whether it's that frog Jack Martin or whether it's that be in the spokesman. Does McCain difference? Ottawa still has that playoff choking complex man. They're gagging and choking. They tied it up late and then buffalo went over time. That was exciting. And then Edvin said one trip over time last night. Pretty good playoff stuff going on that you're not interested. Because you're all wound up with that cramp. I know that's South Florida man. They don't care. They're not into the hockey stuff. Which is all the more reason they shouldn't have a team. But their team was into it. They'd be into it. Yeah. Yeah. But that's fake. Anybody can do that. Yeah. It's like the heat thing. Yeah. That's all BS. If he had the same record as the Panthers and weren't making the a playoff survey. There wouldn't be anybody. Well, two years. It wouldn't be if there's Schmoozen around. And of course, once they lose once he rolls up his icy sleeve and is all done, that'd be there to that whole deal. Well, the two years that they had that they weren't in the playoff. Nobody went to the heat games. Well, the work I just said. Yeah. Anybody can jump on a bad wagon. Just like that you're when a pan says went to the finals. I mean, well, what kind of talented that require all these jackasses thrown their rats and they're all running around with their flags on the car? They wouldn't know a panther of a bit of money as the hell are they getting. Fony baloney. They're just some markets that aren't sports areas and that's one of them. Other than the dolphins, there is nothing else that has like a real following. Nothing. You know, where she might have me does? No. For what? Football? Yeah. Get out of here. That's only after they would start one of the national champions. You have some of that game against Notre Dame at 18,000. And now when they play one of those girl schools in the orange bull that's still about 30,000, what kind of a follow-in is that? No, they have a good idea. Yeah. When they play Florida, somebody, you know, a big name team and they pack the place. Otherwise it's like thousands. You can go bowling in that place. You can also take a leak in there if they had a T-room, but they don't. Well, what a horror. Well, I wonder if they're going to like bomb that place and do something sensible. And in fact, a proof of the pudding, whether you've mentioned her or can, they kept screaming. Well, if we just have an on-campus facility for the basketball team, yes, they built the on-campus facility. Still don't draw flies. They don't draw flies. And of course, you and I both know, I know better than you do haven't done their baseball games. They've got to draw them to the after all the marlins. Well, sort of some good restaurants. But the fact is that when I was doing the UN baseball, most of those people weren't students. So having it on campus has got nothing to do with anything. Most of the people that go to those sporting events aren't students. I mean, first of all, how many students go to UN? But third of me. But there is no campus. There's no student body. There's just a few buildings there. And that's all. Yep. They're empty. So there's an Arizona official university. No such thing. And Chris says Donna Shalayli, you know, who don't have balls. At least if you guys don't want us to tell about it. That was one of the most embarrassing things I ever lived through in my life. Just just amazing. Talk about bushley. Well, that's disgusting. We don't want to be associated with those billboards. And at the same time, the fan here in Toronto, where their billboards all been seen for like three or four years now, all the sports stations used that. We've got all the same line you see every night. Yeah, that's the same. That's right. Air realized that you got the same billboards for all the sports channels. We got balls. Big deal. I'll add to this. And I don't know why Donna Shalayli would think was disgusting to them. Sure, she's got a pair. Big pair. Fony bitch. I like to get her a joist hooked up together. Maybe they could have a lope. Yeah, I think that's a match made in heaven. Maybe they could like run off with Dick Cheney's daughter with Mary Cheney. See that story? She said that John Kerry is a son of a bitch. And that John Edwards is a slime ball. Did you see that? He did see that. Yeah, that's Mary Cheney. Of course, Daddy and his partner in the United States. They're okay. They never stole a freight train. You know what? You know what? She's like to gun out of his hand. I was saying it joy to be for the show. She reminds me if Hitler would have had a daughter, a Jewish daughter. That's what Mary Cheney reminds me of. Total sellout. Bitch. That's a check with Eve and see if she had any. Oh, look at this. Now, who the who the hell just facts this this? Well, I facts it. Well, where did this come from? I'll follow our facts machine. How come they don't tell us where the, what the reader's choice is here? They've got to cut off. You got to look it up. Because the new times, uh, Broward and Palm Beach, they picked some, uh, Haitian, uh, from Wave, some, they always picked some odd ball. And then the readers picked me and then the best sports catcher. They picked, uh, out of no, there knows. And then the readers picked Mad Dog. This is, this must be the day one. Best sports catcher. Mike English, W.I.D. Mami Heat. What? That's what they're picking in new times. New times picked that. Yes. That guy is, is, is fed. A play by play and answer as I've ever heard. And, and you said, uh, unlike his TV counterpart, the anxious Eric Reed, anxious. They still have words for me. I'm just, readers choice your rose. Best aim radio personality, Dan LeBancet. They don't bother, they don't bother putting readers choice in there. I can't imagine who that might have been. Dan LeBancet. Says, yeah, he's annoying. Yeah, his hero columns are often infuriatingly inconsistent, self-continuitary and smug. But he hums the most entertaining talk radio show in town. Part of the reason is that it's only half a sports talk show. LeBancet and the straight man John Stugots Weener, the same gentleman, manager. And add the best door as sports catcher in any local show. At one point, Carol Owens had a weekly spot. LeBancet often interviews national stars. But they are also fairly good deal of time on delightful nonsense. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. This is, uh, for instance, Marlon's president David Samson. Although they always do this to be infuriating. They always pick the most ridiculous choices like that, uh, nerd from the Haitian station, the best aim for it. They always do that. But then they usually put the illistness choice at the bottom. And this one they didn't bother putting. So why did you fact this to me? Just to be irritating is that it? Yes. Oh, well, thank you. You've accomplished your, who cares about new times anyway? I wouldn't like my ass with that. Anything that's a handout or freebie, you know? Of course you think anybody will be able to do that. Of course you think anybody would pay to buy that? No. So Mike, this is the worst play. Is he even worse than Dave Ann boring? He's bad. I'm telling you, everything. Every time I, he never gives you the score. Yeah. I mean, he's doing a sporting event. Or he never tells you what the score is. He never, all he does is complain about the officiating. He's the biggest gloom master I've ever heard of that. Really? If they're winning by 20 points and the league gets cut to 15. He starts projecting a loss. I mean, he's just, there's so much harder than they did the person to game. Well, we're glad nothing to be planted. Another one by Carolina. Look at that. Boy, and it's just things you just go in so well as NHL playoffs, which I know you're really on top of that thing. Buffalo businessman, co-sabers. I'm driving on a hersure halfway to Buffalo. And you know who I'm real happy for is Lindy Ruff. The coach, he's a good guy. Yeah. Big fan of my show, by the way. He's a little racist with his name here. Yep. Good guy. And he's going through a real tough time. His daughter got some kind of a brain thing. By the way, she's going to be okay. But he's had a really rough year. A great guy. And a good coach. There's one they let get away while I put all those losers. I saw the guys in there. You know, in the Murray's, the Murray boys. The spokesman and his brother. Well, you talk about a mismanaged organization. Wow, that thing has been just a mess. All along that, Alan Cohen is into horse's now. I'm glad you caught up with him with the track. When you throw Jika over the rail up there in the press box, throw him over there to Alan Cohen. Just had to send him another tree, grand. Whether it's just amazing. They just never stop sending in for money. And the ticket prices have gone way up. I don't know if you're aware of that. Can't for ticket prices? Yeah. Like my tickets are like 70 bucks a piece of it. It used to be 60, not like 70 some odd. It's like seven grand for two seasons. I'm not saying to play a lot. How much you think the playoff ticket is for the heat in the lower whole? How much? 100 bucks. Way off. 15. 1,500. Way off. 300. Well, 245. Oh. Well, I think that there's $1,000 seats for the playoff set to the air cannabis center. Of course, either the raptors of least are playing any playoffs, but nevertheless, the platinum seats, while the plastic idiots sit. Well, you got your tickets anyway. You got your season tickets. I'm sure for the heat. Yeah. Yeah. I split them with somebody with. Do you? Yep. Wow. Who just split them with? Oh. Now, he loan you some of those icy sleeves to put on. They're going to game. Have any stress? No. He just. He's a good check. I guess you're ready, did. His head is bigger than most people I know. His head is bigger than you're asked. Now, that's a lot. You know, that's really. He's a big head. He is his huge, yeah. Try again. What was that with him and Kobe kissing and making up an all-eye? I saw that a couple weeks ago. Was that all about? I know. That happened last December. Now, last week again. I told him why he was having babies on the surface. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah. Six minutes of part of some of her, like that. Of course, they're all wondering, like, when the DNA tests are coming out. Who's the real daddy? Who's your daddy? Of course, there are a lot of people think Kobe may be the daddy, but that's another story. That's why we respect him so much. Well, listen, it's already time for my third break. But I like it. I don't care what they say about this. I like it. Kills him a good time. But what are you laughing about? Now, listen, don't be given a money back when you get off to a good start today. You get a few, a couple thousand and they're just grabbing and go off and have a sandwich. Good idea. Yeah. Just don't give it back. That's why I ran out of their man. I saw that thousand come up and I just just come and pay me and here's the machine. I cashed out whatever I had in there and just ran out the dough. I would be good day today. In my towel head, cab drivers said, oh, they're always glad to see me, man, because they know it's a good fare. Oh, boy. They're happy to see me. Those cabbies. They love me. And that's, see, that's proportional to how far you live and how much the cab fare is. That's how much they like it. Well, listen, have a great day. And you, be sure to be tuned in at two because you got some special insight for that heat whim last night and the Marlin victory is well. And I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. Bye. The music stressed on the previous program. 10 to 15 already. I'm holding, holding, holding, holding, holding. We're having a problem this time. We're going home. It's just how we're taking this. Please, pay price. More trading, about six weeks. You're going to be a good day. Yeah. Oh, yeah. More water, day. Oh, man. Thank you. And we have a white money says about the meat. Thanks for shopping. Keep on doing it. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I had a chipman pay. One day she flew away. To tea you want a web of moon is blue. Doggo is blue. But if I write a link to censorship, there are words in musk and slid. Who do we tell you how I feel for it? Thanks for your support. Where she stayed, didn't she want to? I'll see you again. I'll see you on a tune. Oh, white dollars, you see cake. Tell her I'm a service day. And the SEC won't let me sing this. So long I wrote today. How if she stayed? Take her hand. Tell me, say that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old. And she came here to teawanna. That's how she went with teawanna. Go on a boat, but gotta see the teawanna. Oh, oh. Ben 17 already. Holy cow. This first half hour has gone away from us already. He hasn't it? Yep. Just about. Okay, you co-haired. Did you like drop something beside it? Right here. I just wasn't expecting that pause. Expecting what? We'll have time for a pause. Say if you're a cigar smoker. And you like to kick back with a good premium brand. And behest regards by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard defines a guy's are made with first grade tobacco process. Naged up to 10 years. But he is a real boutique cigar maker. Specializing in small batch hard to find the backer. But he had gold, a flagship line gets a 91 rating by a cigar. Facing out a cigar and said her. And 9.1 by Schmok magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body Nicaraguan cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also be sure to try it. They're behed to say oh. The hottest release cigar I'm in the U.S. 10 months. It's a high rating of 91 by cigar. Facing out a cigar and cider. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with initial spice and a note of charred wood. For a southward of tobacco in his nearby you just log out to their website. But he is cigars.com or make that tool free call. 1-835 by here. That's 1-835 B-A-H-I-A. This is Neil Roger. What's all this? This is 5-16-2-8-8. Excuse us. Taylor has got a technical layer of their operator air. We already heard it. For the flagship station. Now, boys and ever. Go D-Geld's D. Pull it on 5-16. W-Q-A-H. Your D-B-N-Tense G-D-Geld's D-Geld's D-Geld's D. I'll be able to do this. I'll do this! Pull me the hunk of the D-B-I-I-I-Tense, so fall on that D-B-I-I-Tense. I got this. And I'm just in a while. I gotta keep y'all alive. I gotta keep y'all alive. The way real radio people do. I gotta start. When you're watching over there. Did you happen baby? No, some last saying yes? Not a be a blast! Blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! Let's move on to more important matters, shall we? Yes! And the sweat that the blood is growing! Are we gonna go on here? Mind more, silly child! Hello, Steven! Yes, Steven, I'm a TV. I love baseball. My wife and I are down here, do you know who he is? We move from Benjamin Heist, and we always love baseball. Yes! And we love everything about you. Yes, dear. Your voice, your eloquent demeanor, your soft, soft skin. The way you tremble when I kiss the nape of your neck. Oh, I did it! You want me to take a selfie. And I wonder if I'm alive. I don't know what that is, but I'm trying to find one for you. Can you deliver an impressionally? Sure, why not? You're a nice kid, me. Can you cook, don't? Yeah, I'm not for the rest. My people's the best thing to have! You can prepare a meal for me after you, the tale my college. Okay, you're a nice kid. I'm trying to have a nice day. If you're a nice man, maybe a nice man. Maybe a nice man. Maybe a nice man. Maybe a nice man. Ah, nice, nice, nice, nice. You're a nice guy. You're a nice guy. Oh, no! 10 23 at 5, 60, WCM, happy 30 too. Well, won't be so happy when you hear our scheduled day, but listen. You know, this story about the National Security Agency secretly collecting the phone call records of tens of millions of Americans using data provided by AT&T for rising in Bell South. This story, USA today, which we're talking about on the certainly not news network right now. This is outrageous. Yeah. This is not the Germany all over again. Of course not the Germany didn't have this technology, but if they, you can be damn sure they would have been doing the same thing. Who can not see that? That's right. Man. Here's what it says, please, and a piss container. But what we're going to like, Marisa's that. We're going to divide up all the, we can put Lutheran and the Prami. You know, we're going to take all the products and the nominations and put them on there. So that's not that. No. No. We can put, I don't know, do we have like generic Protestant Christian that's not right. How about you? How about generic Protestant? All right. Just generic Christian, as opposed to born again. Then we'll born again. Something that's something we invented some years ago now. Nobody ever heard that before. I'll never, I'll never get Christian for God's sake. I would never lie to you in the, as soon as they sat, man. I say that. I'd run like hell. Well, we haven't even got to that yet, okay? Got the inside story on the steering going to a treasure radio, not he's not going anywhere. And then there's a guy, the guy that's candid in New York. And I don't know what station in Miami carries that show, the star and buck wild morning show. That would be 103. The, what, what is that now? That would be the beat. Yeah. The beat. Oh, they're hip-hopping it. Well, they are going to hear that no more because they got K. Got K and star from starring buck wild. But we're getting that. Got some radio news. Got all the polls. Not as entertained, though, as damn LeBastardon. I never less because we don't got, uh, we don't got, uh, shack. Fuck. By the way, yes, I looked up the original because I thought maybe this thing just got cut off. Well, I did too. I looked it up online as it doesn't have the review address in that one. Right. Just, just, something, they must have forgotten. Right. I listen, like, how are we to give a crap about what New Times says or city-linked, so those things, uh, for years and years, it's always the same thing. And readers always pick me. And then, in fact, they picked the best TV newscaster, Elliot Rodriguez, and then the, uh, the Palm Beach Broward won pick the Schbilkis Narei. It's like they go out of their way to pick the most outrageous ridiculous people. Just to piss everybody off. And they accomplished that. If you care, of course, I don't care. So what do we care? You care? About what? You're naming there. And you even see best board off Josh Cordiset and see him give any credit. I'm pissed. Best clown act to buy general manager Joe Bell. I didn't see him. I just just to piss us off. How do you like that? That's for you with new times. Broadside bombs kill 3 US soldiers, uh, today in San Luis, to back that. Two soldiers died around mid-morning when a bomb hit their vehicle while they're on patrol. Earlier, another soldier killed while also on patrol. Also, a US soldier from the 10th force banned a brother's die two days from noncombat related wounds near Mosul. Uh, since the US led invasion in 2003, we were now up to 249 US military troops to be inside the wreck war. 2429, about 18,000 injured. And what did they say over a thousand Iraqis dead just in a month of April? A thousand and 69 think was the number something like that? And they're pretty peot about it. And no more can't even no more flowers. Did I even bring in a more cadaver chocolates for the troops? 27 past 10 a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. For more, this is 516 A. Testing program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. That's my opinion. I might Disney. I don't give a crap what that ferry has to say. If they want to support things like that, what? I don't have you know. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down. And not my way to the condo, I put my condo in the space and house. I get a free condo, take that. I have a lot of toys of back and house. So, I'm going to pack the condo. For the story, for the story of back and house. And I have a lot of toys of back and house. And the door is open. The door is opened. The door is open. The door is open. I'm such a toy of back and house. Why you laugh at my cadaver chocolates for the troops? I know I've been thinking of going on with bad rules. I even know all the new Marjorie rules. I'm getting to the giant daddy on. Too bad you're going so bad. Who's the baddest yo when I take you straight? I know I ain't no way clearly. But when they drop high boys, look change. Who thinks the boys are going? Who thinks the boys are going? That's what they're going. I think a lot of people are wondering when guilty is good. We come to a ridge learning. Okay. Because a guilty, a guilty horse is one that's got no balls. A ridge learning is a horse with one descended testicle. Really? Yes. See you just learned some of the study of a lot of clocky and now we learn a little piece of trivia there for when you're at good on jeopardy. Now Sean, our pool man has a sense of pool. Well, it's a couple of pretty good ones in here too. A couple of ones stiff on. But anyway, he says, is there any chance the high bad holding period with the other that it was Milton A? No, no. No. We're staying new to you. And there have been several others, but he was certainly the most famous and most prominent. And you said that really strange badding stands and hold the valica course crew way up there in the area. And when we were kids, we used to impersonate his badding style holding the bad up high till the arms were almost straight up. He says he was no Dave Ricketts. Oh, but he was okay. And then he's got some horrible thing on here about Steve Blassin's wife. I don't know what that's all about. And I'm not reading it. Okay, Sean, so cut the crap. He just woke up one day and he couldn't find a plate no more. Steve Blass. I'm sure Georgia members Steve Blass. Who? With the 71 pirates. 1469 votes on the pool. The main reason he listened to the Elijah Show is, I thought that we're going to say because it's so hip and young and younger and hip are right. Then anything else. So, yeah. Cool and hip and young. You know, let me say this to you. I know the bastard must have, he's got all the people on the newspaper, surrogate, you know, he's not going to have to end. And I guess fine. But like I said before, Joel, you can't talk your way into it. You can't write articles either. God, what are you doing? And you look at that last book. And remember, Joel, fine. We're said the ratings don't lie. Oh my God. Wow. Those numbers. I wouldn't wish them on Eva Brown. Just unbelievably bad. Dan, Danny Boy and Stu Gots. What do you guys not much? But they continue talking. They're talking again. They're not playing again. They're just talking it. Like you probably could talk to some of the marlins are undefeated so far. They're like 31 and 0 instead of 9 and 20. But they're not doing it. And anybody can talk of the game. Hey, we were number one. What a best. We got the best station in town. You know, we're number one. And, uh, pick these on the age of six. Everybody's got some story. Except Joel. He went a bunch of any story. Except he likes looking in the mirror. And he likes to use him dead. He's money a lot. And if he weren't happy to tell you about it. Big, pompous ass with a big fat ego. The main reason you listen to Neil Rogers show us your Neil Landon Ray in 590. And assure up him do a little of that now. He's a big and raving. Everybody's song, wanting and raving. Who did that? Does he scream for you? Okay. Everybody? No. Yeah, you remember the song? Yeah, remember the original. I remember the original. I remember the song. But the song. I'm talking about the parody. I'm talking about the original song. Which one of the hope it? Which one of the hope it? Very good. Say, in New Zealand. There it is. This can be a little time. This song. Does he scream for you? He's almost as good as I am. But that's not cool. She's out. She's out. She's out. She's out. She's out. She's out. She's out. She was okay. She was like, uh, he ought to tell you who was good with Jackie to Shannon. What? You know, we're, you remember Jackie to Shannon? I don't know what she looked like. We need to watch one of those hits of the 70s of informortials again. Never seen Jackie to Shannon. They are there. Of the day she is. And a medley of for Big Smay. Quite least we had another one. Yes, she did. I don't know. I just can't think of what it is. I didn't much to lazy to preach for that book. What was it? They've this food. They've got it. What did you love her, Harvey? Yeah, I got it. Yeah. Okay. For a few last days, it was in 360. Not big girl belly last, but it's a little bit. It's like a lot of big belly last like you get on the dingle of a student's to got you. That's where you save your big heavy. Like that. Dear, the bedtime stories, 129. To hear the truth, 116. You'll hear the truth on the show from me. That's right, even if it hurts. Even if we tell you that we got a lot of people on the or in this station, don't belong. Who'd ever read a talk about across the street? We got so much crap on the air, man. This and since the new regime came in, we're loaded with that. Oh, God, that's our middle name. WKRP. A lot of people thought it was in Cincinnati. It's not. It's right there in a quarter of 441 and 2. Second. Crap. Let's figure that. We got guilty of 2 and Josie at 4 and in a Marlins. I mean, what? What better conglomeration of, oh, non-Broadcasts? Not ready for prime time. So could you take a think of? Of course, we got a 0.5 between the afternoon and the middle of the day. It just amazes me. Can't we, I can't stop thinking about that. Can you? It's a new one. It's a new one for me. I've heard that. I've never worked on a radio station anywhere. 30 years in this town. 30. But 30 May. I don't know if you can count that high. I've never come close to a station that had a 0. But anything in the middle of the day. That is something else. Nice going, Joe. Well, they said that, you know, they could never, they could never do any worse than when Mo was on their surprise. To hear the truth, 1.16, you're near a ripped of collar as 101. WQAM, hello. I'm a warm one. There you go. You want to get mad? There you go. Was that good, ripped of the collar? I got Mr. Eagle with those fake hate calls seminars when he had no show totally unprepared. As usual. Always busy at the baseball card store. For the comedy, but 79. Tier the collar is only 48. A measly 3.2% listening to the collar is suck. That's another reason I like cross over. I'd rather talk to Hank than most of these idiots on the phone. When you were free with that. Oh, no question. Here the collar is only 48. And then I have no right. He's got 47 with no life. At least 47 would admit it. And I hate this pool only 35. In other words, they like to pull a lot. That's unusual. Because this is kind of a sorely crowd. And they're very, very picky. No matter what the pool is, that's Paul sucks. We don't like it. We don't want it. We don't want it. Anyway, here's today's pool. We'll care what you're liking it. It's a little bit different. And I don't think they understand it. But that's okay. 705 votes already. We'll make that 1,000 again. I think Josh's bonuses are not in jeopardy today anyway. We'll easily make it 1,000. If your parents didn't indoctrinate, you won't religion will you have chosen. Now, I'm sure that a lot of people are going to be just vote for whatever to hell. You know, they are anyway. Okay. Well, I got to write one. So I'll let you know. So the one I would have chosen. Right. No, you wouldn't. Agnostic 180, atheist 156. That's our hidden crowd. And I'm very proud of that. People who just don't take me. Just got somebody, just fed them of packalyze about the two fairy. It about Sandy Claus and God. Jesus and Moses and Syborham Solomon. You know, people come and sense to say that. Sounds like a bunch of cock out of me. I got a school 136 Buddhism 82. I see that's, I don't understand that. I guess they like the hurt type. That's a nice village. It's more benign. Right. Catholic 48, which is certainly much more Malignant. Jewish 46 because they like the Delhi. Born again, Christians 23. You never did. Poya, you did put on scienceology 14, which is a way of saying gay. Ah, closet cases. Generic Christian 6, generic like Lutheran, Presbyterian, Southern Baptist, Methodist, whatever you have. All of you. All of you. I'll do this all day. Oh, sick. We got six people or sick. Islam sick. Seven to six people want to be sick. Seven day. Well, this keep listening. Seven day of Edith's two and Mormon two, Sultiment Day dos, set a seven and 12 votes. And you notice this? Twenty before them, we're all caught up. This is what a really broad human existence has been. This is five, six million times like this. New Year. God. After a hard day of restoring, Republican integrity to the White House, a man needs to relax. Go on great will. Honor of Shirley 2, Lime Zee and Clumpet. At least that's what a 180 million. The official transport company for the CIA Emersiv the McCubbin and Homeland Security Achievement Award. We understand that after servicing lobbyists by posing a debate to the out of moralist, you can use a little service in yourself. Let our luxury limons bring you to your choice of the Western brand or the famous Watergate Hotel or a friendly, dating, Mr. Polker. To be found would buy food, Christian hookers, a approved and rigorously tested by Anne Polker. Well, I'm going to tell you about the water. I'm going to tell you about the water. I'm going to tell you about the water. I'm going to tell you about the water. I'm going to tell you about the water. I'm going to tell you about the water. So reach a wild and a lot of climax and say, Good-goth order gas. All dusty cobalt we're throwing to the limo today. 1,800 A everybody. Let's rate America real good. And so call me Shirley. And sir sounded like a... I was in the middle of all that dinner. I heard that. Anyway, here's today's poll. Just to print it out to the story by Don Hazen. Who knows, Don Hazen? Oh, I looked at that. First I said, I said, Hagen-Daz. I was just to share where my brain is at. When Hazen got into an editor of alternate. Okay. Good-goth. Stephen Cullbear, New American Hero. But I got to say that for a while. It's not for my radio stories. That's a radio crap. Oh, New Blitz found in the Diable, the voting system. Oh, I think it made that. That's a lot of solutions. You gotta be kidding me. Oh, I already did today's poll. Okay, sorry. Send it in so far ahead of myself. And it's cause that timing thing. During one of his recent tie raids about XM satellite radio is open in Anthony. Show Howard Stearns as he was offered a major deal to go back on terrestrial radio without any substantiating evidence other than Stearnsward. The mainstream press and may trade jumped to gun with reports that he's contemplating a comeback to terrestrial radio. I guess what? He's not. Hmm. In case you have a notice, there's a PR war going on between multiple parties. Stearn versus terrestrial radio. Terrestrial radio versus satellite radio. Stearn versus CBS radio and Stearn versus Opian Anthony. In this battle, Stearn and Master of Raving headlines managed to put himself in the news once again. The trades were a little smarter than they reporting, but like Lemming's the mainstream press rushed to report, Stearn was coming back to terrestrial radio. After New York Post extrudes major deal comment, and suggested an offer was likely made by Citadel Broadcasting. But the post-noted connection between Stearn and Citadel by pointing out that Citadel CEO Farried Sultamon used to work with Stearn at infinity. What these reports failed to connect was that Stearn's not a fan of Sultamon and constantly land-basedly. Citadel executive and derides his ethnicity. Also, Citadel is one of the first companies to start messing with Stearn's terrestrial show after his announcement that he'd be taken as program to serious. In December 2004, Citadel stations initially started cutting off Stearn's programming a 10A in before dropping Stearn altogether shortly afterwards. And on top of that, Sultamon cut a deal with Opian Anthony, the portion of their SM satellite radio program on WAQS Syracuse after Dumpling's during interlead. Meanwhile, Sultamon is the fan of Opian Anthony. He tried to hard to do after they were dumped by CBS radio and before they ended up at XM and he called him their program just yesterday to discuss the possible deal with the deal. It would have bring them to some Citadel outlets, one would be in Providence. So unless Sultamon's touch is during the melt-terms and a stronger than his pride, the idea of this deal they offered by Citadel makes no sense. So that takes the question, what other companies in position to make this deal? Oh, wait to hear what I'm saying. This is amazing. Clear channel certainly has the station power, but to move a BPR disaster for the company that was the first to start to move to eliminate Howard Stern from Perestro Radio's airways. CBS radio is in a position, but obviously that is going to happen, given the state of Stern's relationship with the company's executives and the reason to open an Anthony deal. Fuzzacord of what Stern has said on his program, CBS radio chairman and CEO Joel Holland reportedly asked Stern for the type of deal he eventually covered with Opian Anthony but Stern turned it down. Here's the part I want you to strap yourself in for a real tight. Strat out in. Beyond Citadel, third channel and CBS radio, a few of the other radio corporations who have come close to giving Stern the type of coverage that Opian Anthony got in their deal. Amnestygood, but that would mean cannibalizing the efforts with man cow. Greater media, edricom, cocks, these Lee. Bonneville and cumulus also fall short. Oh boy, they're sure right about that. These Lee fall short. That's what Joy said. Still sure what. After repeatedly saying he's done 10 years of subpar radio, all sure we, you know, which all agree on that. Why would Stern even for one moment kind of play putting in an inferior show together from a serious program to err on the meeting of the esfizes so much? Simple answer, he isn't. And yesterday morning was quick to put an end to all the speculation, frankly trying to get someone from the press on the phone to put out a statement that he was not coming back to terrestrial radio. I'm very flattered terrestrial radio can't let go of me, said, but I would throw up the fire to go back. I'm never going back with the message you finally got up. The story is I wouldn't do terrestrial radio for any reason, not for money. I left because I couldn't stand a censorship. I couldn't stand the FCC. I've never been happy or we're flying high and doing great. He said, back at the opian Anthony program after hearing the statement. The suggestion went up. It's turned was forced by Carma's into making. Since serious talk took a hit yesterday. And the duo have also suggested the idea of a major deal. They made the stern is not right lie. And challenged him to name the company that made it. Actually, they challenged him to name the company. His stern stated the yesterdays got three offers to return to terrestrial radio. And now that he stated that I wouldn't do it for any reason, what would be the harm and saying which three companies made the offer? After all, stern would get more coverage out of it since the press would scramble to verify and report which three companies made the offer. I guess it was an offer he could refuse if it was made. Whether or not the offer is made, stern is vehemently said he is not returning to terrestrial radio. But opian Anthony said that the re-releishing that perceived affected sad on stern. He says it doesn't bother, but he certainly has been mentioning them much more than he used to. And whether he likes it or not, SM has far more subscribers, meaning opian Anthony talked more people every day and by a daily advice CBS radio. They also not speak to the listeners that have failed to follow him to serious. As for stern, he can only preach to the converted or manipulate the press and helping him reach non-subscribers of satellite radio, which he does that so well. If he broadcasts even half as well as he manipulates the press and gets hyped, he'd be the greatest broadcasts to history. And then to the other. Oh, here he goes. Your hope is witnesses. I don't know. I don't know. Right. So I can see everyone picking me from behind their drapes this time. I'm sitting home watching TV. And joy and the peace and quiet I really need. But I know that it won't last forever, but the doorbell has to ring. I'm not that Jehovah's Witness, the things they want to save me They say, wanna save me And for a higher level, triple run, you're meant to Think I will drag your end, the sound of my phone You're way, you're right, though If you still wanna visit after I drag your past away I'll get in the post, I'll probably all know I'm a little bit too much, you're not through the bed Don't you come up, I can't Cause I'll be waiting in the high mountain All of three Oh, we're not gonna have your door to give you the bad news And the bad news is you're going straight to hell If you don't read the, uh, what, what will the watch tower? That's right All the Getski's all the time, not gonna have your door If it ain't the moments it's the, uh, Jehovah's Witness Let's get that on there right away, Jehovah's Witness We got no one to be one of them But that's, you know, I just, I'd love to go, excuse you We're knocking on doors, maybe if somebody good is in there You know, you know, we're me or we in Oh yeah, can I give you, give that a good old time religion 755, oh, say nice, a good atheist, kick an ass on this nice Shame on you I think I'm gonna go start, uh, I'm coming down to Florida I'm gonna go around and, uh, everywhere, knock it on door See, uh, here's the bad, I wanna give you the bad news You're gonna burn in hell Okay, it's not very original No What, what is this now? What is this on, R and R How it certainly turns to director radio It was only a ten minute visit to the old hood And amidst of how it returned to director radio room It's flying around, he did make one quick visit, uh, this morning Yesterday morning when he called into the WIOQ field Off the morning show as the first guest of his friend Booker His former running buddy, I WI'm K Rock Miracle Which is, uh, now free FM Uh, I, I, I, I, I'm not saying, yeah Well, when is enough enough already, you know? When, when, when is enough? Never Now, speaking of radio, we got a lot of radio news today And for those who still own one Star, aka Troy terrain of the simulated star and book wild morning show Which Josh seems to be a big fan of that show Now, it's probably, uh, the worst piece of tear that I've ever heard Well, you don't have to worry about hearing it no more Has been fired at it due to controversial statements he made on the year About a rival, DJ in the New York market And a statement released, uh, it says Thursday afternoon But it, this is, uh, today Well, I guess it's not out yet But radio and records are what he's got on the website Power 105 found's research on Mars broadcast by try to reign Of the star and book wild morning show to be Holy, unacceptible. They're unacceptible. I'm a whole As a late this afternoon, he is no longer with pod I, this had to be Wednesday not Thursday Today is Thursday, and please tell me it's Friday I'll be very happy. Oh, I would. As of now, he's no longer with power 105 One or two channel radio. We sincerely apologize to those of me I've been offended by the Mars they said According to a cheat-tenderly or sporesperson Joseph Apagnootsie, the Pagnootsie, one of his kin He's the one who's a Pagnootsie to play for the pirates Rift stop. The rest of the star and book wild morning Team are on suspension until further investigation takes place On Monday to rain was been exchanging verbal insults On it with D.J. N.V. of TROSTOWN MS CHR WH WH T. Hot 97 Made several threatening and sexually charged remarks about N.V. Ziong daughter. According to services A listener complaining to the or city councilman Who then called cheat channel radio president The CEO John Hogan, demanding star as this missile The star and book wild morning sure Sineaked about premiere radio and never seen markets including Philadelphia, Harvard Miami, 103.5 And here that no mole. I'd just a Georgia, Memphis, Austin, Albany, Albany, Georgia that is not Albany, New York Amorello Texas, Switzerland, Virginia, Savannah, Georgia As of now, premieres told the affiliates the show It suspended indefinitely. Staying there responsible for putting in their own programming When the show doesn't air calls for comments as There has managed your white cheeks We're under turn to press time. White cheeks No white cheeks, pink cheeks Lied as in lighter I bet your cheeks are burning right now And other is a client star. I've fired it To make some grotesque comments. I like that Well, there's first a call or two is to go along But I'm not all that big on it today. QAM hello QAM You gotta go plug in Now, okay, go get a look at that See, there you go. That's two for two Yeah, my opinion about the causes Becoming increasingly like yours Well, always has been, but just more and more so Oh, you know, I've been in denial a long time to Waste of time. Waste of my very valuable time They're paying me a lot of money and if these people think That they're amusing and entertaining Interesting, oh, you got another thought coming Most of your calls, I wouldn't wish on Hitler And Osama, I'm even more of a little Omar, how do you like that? Or Alzarkawi or Al Goldstein or Al Rosen Or Al Sunshine Still waving in the hammocks aren't you? Al man, are you a silly person? Stephen Colbert, New American hero, but we can't get to that so I have to be with the break I don't want to start getting behind again But to that, let's start doing like run all these breaks Back to backside by each like Alan Burke used to do Western peace Yeah, he was in a very mood, he would like to take all You know, he just rambulon and run on on there You know, and the other thing he used to do He was a good guy though, and then he would like back up all the spots Till the end of the hour, like about, you know, 14 minutes of spots But the dean, he's a and a big broadcast studio in the sky Do you believe that? He's so worth it. No, he's in a box. 1057 at 560WQM, and hey, once again everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump They're pinching it. The good folks at valametric is 1-800 mattress Want to help you just a little bit through this ordeal Valametric is offering you a free tank of gas Here's how it works. You simply take the full amount of any gas Received off your next mattress purchase up to 10% of the purchase price In other words, spend 35 bucks at the gas Fumptake 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 bucks or more Spend 50 bucks at the pump take 50 bucks off any purchase of 500 dollars or more You need your gas receipt to save money. Why grab all over town wasting that expensive gas? Getting worked up into a sweat and spitting your brains out. Skip them all in firm charge stores and so called giants in the mattress business. Do the smart things. Sit right there on your fat ugly ass and call 1-800 mattress Right now in save a time of cash. As always, you'll choose the date and time you're delivered But it's convenient for you. You picked the two hour window seven days a week from 8 AM till 10 PM And they show up when you call our go friends at telemetres. And also when you call 1-800 mattress, so choose an areas Largest inventory of brand name fantastic mattress. All the names you know and heard and love and covet. Like Celi and Cirta, Simmons King Quiro tempered experience A bit endos foster. But that sounds really good. But endos foster. In fact, maybe even endos split sounds really. Hmm. Call 1-800 mattress right now. We're logged on to mattress.com. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last as because it stands for Sabers. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is 5-16-8-5. This is the Neil Rogers show. Who took the toy? This is your buddy. Who took the toy? Any questions? Some radio stations give you money. Some radio stations give you car. But this radio station is different. Because this radio station is going to give you... They turn all the lights. That's right. We'll grant you eternal light. And three days spending cash to get you started. Here is what you do. Be with this thing this weekend. And when you hear this sound, We're not in the corner. We'll go register you for your chance to live forever. And turn all the lights. And next Friday morning, we've brought the name of the one lucky person. We'll go risk us off for what the eternal light. So be with this thing here. Either radio station or the light goes on. And on. And on. It's 11-1 at 5-60WQA. So don't waste enough of that. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. We're not in the corner. The second reason Colbert made such huge flashes of rapid events in video on the web. Almost overnight, the media world has irreverver fully changed as video is increasingly becoming as important as print and still images on the web. When in a matter of hours dozens of websites can post a link to a video and get the word out about a spectacular event, the role of the gatekeepers in the corporate media shrinks big time. It doesn't matter if the network's so-c and or fox decides they don't want you to see it, they can't stop it. The people's network is now in working order. Progressive now have a television capacity still rudimentary for apps that are powerfully affected. Can you tell me what time you're already? Oh, we're doing it there. Okay, we're doing it now. See it now and do it now. I think a lot of our audience are doing it now. The first coverage of the Colbert performance was illuminating as reported by the popular blog Democratic Underground. Expect nothing less from the cowardly American media. This demonstrates powerfully the ability of the media to choose the news and it decides when and how to shield bush from negative publicity. Sins of omission can be just as bad as sins of commission. The APs for a stab added as well as rotors in the Chicago Tribune tell us everything we need to know. In these reports, Colbert's performance has side-step and marginalized while President Bush had depicted his lighthearted humble and witty. Salons John Laws points out, Colbert's deadly performance did more than reveal with devastating clarity how Bush's well-willed myth machine works. It explores the mainstream press's pathetic collusion with administration that it's treated that has treated it and the truth with contempt from the moment it took office. Intimidated, coddled, fearful, evaluating, propriety, the press core that for years beautifully repeated Bush talking points was stunned and horrified when someone did reveal that the media Emperor had no clothes. Colbert refused to play his beautiful, too close part of the White House correspondent stinter and then said she was back-stopping which will let you be retired. For that he had to be marginalized while he wasn't funny. I'm the Democratic political front is John or Volta's road on America blog. House minority whimp whip, stenhoired, Democratic-Mermal actually stepped up to defend President of Bush saying corded the hill. I thought some of it was funny but I think he got a little rough. He is the president of the Western deserve some respect. I'm certainly not the defender of the administration or a reassured son of the servers but Colbert crossed the line with many jokes that were bad tasty said. Criticizing Colbert for being rude would be pretty funny for words of depressing. Rude, since what has politics in this administration used the mark he of Queen's very rules, is dictating sweet and accommodating when in their march to power has the right wing head good manners about abortion or gay marriage or in the post for invading Iraq. Sure, I mentioned decorum and once I'm immediately a Carl Roe of Pat Robertson calling for the assassination of Hugo Chavez of Jerry Falwell, letting the America's bad morals for 9. The fact is Stephen Colbert is that they act me of rising independent voices in the blogosphere on the internet in publishing an independent filmmaking who are being aggressive and playing hardball the way the right does. And guess what? The establishment's getting nervous. The powers that be know the people respond to passion and road resistance, emotions that convey meaning and seriousness, and to verify hard for important issues. In a smaller way but showing similar guts, Cindy, she and spoke to truth by traveling the Texas and demanding that the president explained to me just what noble cause or some died for. Rainer government did it recently when he publicly challenged Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld in Atlanta and so did Harry Tierle the man who confronted George W. Bush at a time meeting in North Carolina. Perhaps the most important lesson we've learned from the divisions laid nearby steel and coal barriers that the base split isn't so much between Democrats and Republicans or between the media and the people in the events they cover, but rather between the powerful and the angry, between those basking and power and those fighting for change. The kiss asked media that revolving door congressmen the sick of fat lobbyists and congressional staffers, the greedy media consultants all are dependent on and addicted to the trappings of power, whether it's their next book TV appearance, consolidate contract, ride on Air Force one or drunk and deflate golf at St. Andrews. Stephen Colbert turned up to heat on all of them. Let's review the rules. Here's how it works. The president makes the decisions he's the decider. The press secretary announces those decisions and new people, the press tight those decisions down as what Colbert said. Take an ounce check, just put them through a spell check and go home. Get to know your family again. Make love to your wife. Right then, nobody are kicking around in your head. You know the one about the intrepid Washington reporter with a courage to stand up to the administration? You know, fiction. It's getting hotter in the kitchen. Some of those who have the most to hide are getting closer to what meltdown says down he's. That's pretty damn good stuff, you know it. Good art it. You go down, you go Stevie boy. You go Cindy. And Bush, you go straight to hell. And if there were such a place where such a thing he always cronies would be on the way right now. Why would they want to take us there? Twenty-four hundred and twenty nine dead Americans, thousands and thousands of dead other, uh, rackies and bits and who knows how many else? Who many how many how many? How many himony. That's what your leader says. How many how many how about her about me taking that and we need how many how many himony? I don't know how many times seven hundred ninety five votes. That's how many times they go to an appolso far of your parents stood in indoctrinated. You'll see, you didn't lie to you and brainwash you and take away your brain because they want to perpetuate you know they want to be good soldiers in the army of what ever crap they were believe them. What religion would you have chosen? Agnostic 196. That's the safe way to do it. Eighth is one seventy six. I mean a whole god concept. There's just so damn stupid. It's just a, oh, or some big guy with a long beard up there, up in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane. It's a god. I think he wore the chest of his head and a lab coat. I think he's the most test of fields and got a bad cough like Stan Major. I hate this pool 154. Well, see there you go. That's because you can't handle the truth. Oh, if we're to get a trial of that priest to piece of murder, we're going to just go to Carolin. Here's Carolin. I like Carolin. The defense, rather the prosecution was saying, right Carolin. Her husband and Paul with stabbed thirty-one. Yeah. Well, we want to know the burden. We don't want to forget the case. I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm on a Roman Catholic priest. We're going to go to keep up and hide straight to the door. Look at him. Just look at him. He's guilty. He only probably also molested a bunch of kids too. Fifteen minutes from now. Carol, the verdict will be ready. Okay. Well, we'll keep her on it. We'll have 50 minutes to poshky around here. Okay. Look at him. Can't you tell he's guilty right there? Well, why not? What do you watch in some kind of a nudity flicker something? What I can find. Yeah. No, you're not. I got him on here though. I'm eye cable. I know you'd have lots and lots of. I got playboy TV on here. I just heard and Derek gave me something to put up. She's not on the screen right now. I know. Oh, look at that dummy. I hate this. Oh, yeah. Look at the dummy of the night. Oh, yeah. Look at that. She's actually got a, yes, he does. No. I wonder if it talks like Oprah's. It'd be surprising. I hate this full one 54. Buddhism 94. How do you like that? They like him purple outfits. I'm ready to just want to be in a purple haze without Jimmy Hendrix. Jewish 53. Strictly for the Delhi mind. You end of course for those nice outfits too. That the orthodoxy is where and the long beards in the past. And that's sick. Put all likes and good. Sit. Catholic 52. So you have all of that guilt. Oh, you either have Jewish killer Catholic or we've done that. But again, Christian 24. Now that I have to big on that. Too many ways to go to hell with that. Scientology 15, I can say the U 15. Boris is too far. General Christian 14 is long seven. They're waiting for them seven virgins. The vessel virgins. Can you tell me what is a vessel virgins? Oh, you really want to know? Do you turn a wider shade of pale when you find a vessel virgins? Yes. Yes, I really do want to know what that is. Well, the priestesses of the goddess Hestia. The priestesses? Right. The vessel virgins. That was their altar for some reason. Oh. Scientology 16. General Christian 14. Just General, it's called Goi. Islam 7. 6. We've got 6. Listeners. They're the colors. 7th day of Venice 3. Mormon 2. And George witnesses. Solomon, they will know 807 already. But if both are pouring in here, even though they don't like the pool of corner, I'm reading some odd people. Anyone who wants to hear Rick Riley's voice continue to 9. 40 around 6pm just before the goddess. He does a five minute. Oh, I will never recover from this as long as I live. You'll be okay. Take a drink. This thing that you just facts me. This is the most I would say I'm using the most hysterical thing. Yeah. I have ever seen in my life. Oh, I love the end of that. Let's hear it again. Anyone who wants to hear Rick Riley's voice continue to 9.40. It's 6pm just before the goddess. He does about a five minute stock market in Elis. Oh, my god. That is the best. Is that one the most phenomenal things you ever win in your life? It doesn't surprise me at all. So it's really what he works. We couldn't stop him from talking about the stock market. No, he can actually get paid to do that. Sure. I should make career boost for him. 1113 and 5.60. WCM, who doesn't love boating man? Get out there on the water. Maybe having a couple of bruise or a couple of dozen. Just to get in baked, you know, getting working up a good tumor on your skin. That's a given in South Florida. Everybody wants to be out there in the water. But buying a boat boy, Custian Armored Legon and said that a lot of headaches too. Instead of doing that, called Tognodico Doves Martin and rent one by calling 1-800-Bolt-Rent right now. Life-hailed expenses of boat ownership when you can rent one totally hassle-free. Join the Tognodico called 1-800-Bolt-Rent. You'll be amazed to just how easy it is. No docking costs, no expensive. Keep no insurance, no hurricane preparation. With the boat from Tognodico, it's totally stress free and affordable too. This is for smart people. Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent, no getting in the boat ready because Tognodico does it for you. When you go there, you're all set to go. No cleaning up either. I've come not to go just top on your boat and go when you're all done. I have it a good time. Just pull back into the dock it off and run away. Leave it all behind for them to take care of. And they do it. That's simple. Tognodico, 1-800-Bolt-Rent from unlimited voting, the payers you go. Small boats all the way up to yacht charters, everything in between. They'll do it for you and do it right. It's Tognodico called 1-800-Bolt-Rent. And let Tognodico sit or try to fit your needs and your budget. Get out of the water today. The smart, the less expensive will be hassle free. Where we've come not to go. 1-800-Bolt-Rent is the number to call. This is the new Roger. This is 5-16-2-8. My winner doesn't whistle. Who are you both for? I was on the other guy's ballot. What other guy? The Republican guy. Oh no, man. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry, today. I didn't want to break it. Who's one that you both for? I'm not going to get into a tad. You'll freak out on me, okay? Not no way. Yeah. That who's it for? Who's it for? Which will happen to be specific? What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue. The guy from CNN. Ted Turner, yes. Oh, man. You go to for people in? I vote for Ted Turner. Dude, what? Send a police right into my pad. I don't... I don't... I don't know my phone number. And it's red. Ted. And let him come over. Ted, tell me. Ted, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side. Great. What? My pal, Rick, voted for a nice thing. I knew this would be... I didn't vote for a Nazi. Oh, yeah. It's 11.18. See, there's a guy who was really a right wing redneck. And always a person is a hipster. That's what bugged me about him or anything else. He just wasn't what he was. He just wasn't what he was. He appeared to be. Eight hundred and twenty-two votes on a pool. But I actually squeeze a car to win the star of favor. I'll let up again. I think they're a little bit discouraged now. Because of my... Tostal view toward the whole. And you know, I really frost my ass worse. The very worst about the touch-show calls and people at Handlem is the ones... And that's why we haven't used names of colors on the year for years. I need to try to hate the right. Because it's the same people. And you know, we already know it's the same people by hearing the sounds that they make. But when he actually... I have to tag a name on it. Let me see the Morris. Other than the Chris Revenge Sports. Oh, all the with us. I take that back because we got prosack run. And we got that. So we do know the names. You know. But I'm talking about the ones that want to make celebrities. I have the quote. Oh, here's... Well, what's that one dark and plighted guy that calls all the sports shows? What's his name, Josh? No, I'm talking about. I know the guy who calls Handcull the time. Oh, my. Is that it? Yeah. I believe he's having a big on it. The more was he screaming big on it, what the hell. Not only not him. A lot of them. Oh, here's Tommy and Pepper Pie. Who the hell cares about Tommy? What time is she's show on? You know, screw that. God, that just drives me up the wall. People want to make chronic regular. It's just like how they make him into a talk show host. Like John Browerd. Who's really a man with jewels Adler. He was Catholic, but he thought they'd be because his name was Jewel's Adler. People would think he was Jewish. So he changed into Mr. Brower. John Browerd. They like that. That's kind of like Dwight Lauderdale. You know, kind of a phony name is that. I don't know. Fully. WDQAM. Hello. Okay. Only once once a week. WDQAM. Hello. So we got three calls. He's two of them. Two of them. Hey, all you doing? Here in this could be a real call. Now could be the first one today. Yes, sir. I just wanted to comment on the sports fog. I was so much sports talk a lot, but I cannot listen to damn Levitard and his psychic and McMahon. Yeah. Those guys sound like two teenage girls at a slumber party. Uh-huh. It's like I say, Levitard voice is not made for radio and the space is made for TV. So you know what he should be doing. Right. Okay. Thanks, Palic. You had to get too many non broadcasts. Didn't they get all looked so good about these people? It's too many non broadcasts, man. Because they either write a sports column or because they played the game or some stupid thing like that. Everybody's a broadcast about it. Including a lot of these horrible voices. Yeah. Like when you're taz in the course the totally bland. Oh, he's on the floor at this afternoon. Nice job there, Clara. You got to line up here, man. Even mother could hate. Even the mothers and these people on the air could hate him. Oh, God. I don't see it like that. There's a hole. I don't have time for all these silly escals. Oh, that guy was very good though. I see Levitard and I guess he's been I've heard him on here. Remember when he was like, you know, recording that show in a studio that while we were on the air, you know. He did the Ricky Williams show. Yeah. It's awful. A non-blogcast. They've just another one. And then that's why this business sucks. That's why this business has become a piece of turd. Radio used to be for like professional broadcasts. Now it's for anybody who can like sitting in front of a microphone. Just like after every sporting event, we got to have the press conference. And we got to everybody's got a microphone shoved in their face. Well, I thought that we played pretty well. And our intensity was really good. Oh, God. Give me a break. See the the era of 24, seven news and sports coverage. That's what we've come to now, you know. Everybody's got a microphone shoved in front of the camera. Everybody's got a broadcast. The National Security Agency has been secretly collecting the phone call records of tens of millions of Americans using data provided by AT&T, Verizon and Bell South people and direct analogy that range control USA today. And everybody has whipped up into a frenzy about this. And of course, guess who was in charge of this whole thing. I give up general Michael Hayden who's been the only Indian in the director of the CI. What we can trust him. Yeah. My totally looks like Colonel Clink. Mm-hmm. The NSA. And that's the way the longs in the clank. The NSA program reaches into homes and businesses across the nation by messing information about the calls of ordinary Americans. Most of whom aren't suspected of any crime. We're not talking about terrorists. We're not talking about phone calls between people calling from Azerbaijan and the Afghanistan. We're talking about the just air. She mucks like all of you. And us. This program doesn't involve the NSA listening to a recording conversation. It says, but this fight is used in the data to analyze calling patterns. And an opportunity to take terrorist activity, sources, and certain separate interviews. Right. It is the largest database ever assembled in the world, said one person who would agree to talk about the NSA activities. The kind of be identified by name or affiliation because they value their life. The agency's goal is to create a database of every call ever made when the nation's borders is personated. Can I read that again? Yeah, that's pretty chill. The agency. Are you chillin? Not anymore. The agency's goal is to create a database of every call ever made when the nation's borders this person added. Just like the one wants to this show. I hope that he track it up. Only come in not your door down a kick your ass. For the customers of these companies, it means that the government has detailed records of calls they made across town or across the country. The family members, co-workers, business contracts, prostitutes, anybody in everybody. Whoever the hell it is. Radio talk shows. The three telecommunications companies are working on the contract with the NSA, which launched the program in 2001 shortly after nine other times. Program in Zayn did identifying and tracking suspected terrorists. Or of course anybody who wrote like George Bush. The sources were talk only under a guarantee of anonymity because the NSA program is secret. And like I said, because they value their lives and their families. And anybody who ever talked to. Air Force general Michael Hayden nominated Monday by President Bush to become the director of the CIA. Head of the NSA from March 99 April 2005. In that post-hating, what have overseen the agencies domestic call tracking program. He declined the comment about the program. He is mom. He ain't even saying about a beat, but he's saying it's saying nothing. I think even one about a beat. The NSA's domestic program is described by sources as far more expansive than the what the White House has acknowledged. Last year Bush said he had authorized the NSA to eat the drop without war. And so I'm international calls and international emails of people suspected of having links to terrorists. When one part of the communication is in the USA. Worts have also not been used in NSA's efforts to create a national cloud database. They just do whatever it hardly want. Like the Gestapo. And defending the previously disclosed program Bush insisted that the NSA was focused exclusively on international calls. In other words, Bush explained one under communication must be outside the USA. But again, it turned out to be another lie. Right. As a result, domestic call records, those of calls that originate in terminated with the newest borders were believed to be private. But sources, however, say that is not the case. With access to records of billions of domestic calls billions, the NSA is gained a secret window with the communications habits of millions of Americans, customers names created versus other personal information. Not being handed over as part of the NSA's domestic program. But the phone numbers, the NSA collects can easily be crossed check with other databases to get that information. Don't worry senior spokesman for the NSA to counter discuss the agencies operations. Given the nature of the work we do will be irresponsible, a comment on actual or lives operation issues. He said therefore we have no information to provide. The White House wouldn't discuss the domestic call tracking program either. There was no domestic surveillance without court approval said Dana Perino, deputy Fred Perino. I wonder if she's can't have already for her under the left handed board from Syracuse. She ended up in all the nationals and tells his activities undertaken by the federal government, our lawfully outing. And she said, you believe that and she laughed. The government is collecting a sterile data on domestic phone calls, but is not intercepting internals at term for the actual content of communication. According to what you listen to is official. But of course air recouple the way since cancer we start by a little more a little more and more about it. I don't say. Well except the course for people they don't like. Anybody who's a registered Democrat. Right? Anybody who ever call the talk show and say anything bad about George W. Dick Cheney. That's right. Bull like Mary. Anybody who ever tried to website that, you know, that's right. Any subversive. That's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's right. And that's too right. So it's right. The verse. Phu-s foods. Now it's not that's right. And he always love food. Because It's not too hot. He loves pard do Why. You want. Nene. I've made others red on Christmas the stars in the Arctic first hyper two left two For prayer, fill up your haste and pray. A road in Cainee for Spain, you. That's as you were saying. We don't mind you see our God's goal, but our God and our knees will go. For that's a name in my chain, you know. Don't be so stupid for us. For our Lord is crazy. The fact that the average kid wins. Everybody's turning fire, sin. The last few weeks, day. The place is still noted, five, 60, W.C. and W.C. and we've got an embarrassing line up today. We got guilty at two. And if that isn't enough to drive you like screaming out of the streets, yelling and carrying on like a maniac. Joe Zagaki for the mad dog is on vacation. Joe Z is four, who desperately needs a personality transplant. And then in Marlon, the pre-game in 60, Marlon's in the Braves again. The rubber game of the series that I write about that, I believe. That's right. The rubber game, Marlon's actually won a game last night. Mark it down in your fist. We're going to go for two in a row. Because the Marlon's head for Pittsburgh for the weekend. They're trying to go for two in a row. They won one in a row so far and they're going for two in a row. That's a seven or five game time. Be there or be square. I'm sure that you can probably get a normal can see. He ain't going. And it can't follow Marlon's baseball. If they were stoned death. Sing clearly to make him mind. It says here, who knows where to find a good machine. He says Hinduism. I don't know why and maybe don't care. And thank you, St. Clair. He would be okay. I'm just gonna tell you that there are a lot of them. Of course there are. They're probably the curry crowd. Now is the sick crowd or is it the Hindu? They're both in the curry crowd. I guess it's all in. Both. The kid curry crowd. Oh, here's somebody asking for a shameless plan. I'm glad they did because I forgot all about this. They knew I would. Now why does it say kneel young on there? I think that's a joke. Signed. You all young. Get it. Are. Like I said, I don't think he might have do this. No, no. Maybe he's gonna be there. You have right. Well, why are you laughing? He might be there. He might be. But I got to tell him every and curry roll and Debbie Row and The Shroe and Tommy Row and Rosie and And preacher Row, the Dodger pitcher, preacher of Richard the Humphor, remember him. But even the chicken, I can remember his preacher, Roe preaching the choir. Salm Agley. Huh? Johnny Cooks. Bob Grimm. Anyway, Jessica Johnson and George Mato are hosting Ethy Dovelle Hotel. Susie's having the calls. My name is Beach tonight at 8 p.m. Or Friday night. I'm sorry tomorrow. Excuse me. Don't go there tonight. Unless you want to go there and get some food. Tomorrow night 8 p.m. Uh, sleuth change. Second edition is going to be screened. It's the most provocative. Not a documentary on the market today. It shows a direct connection between the attacks of 9.11 and The US government. The government has, uh, and taping in millions of phone call. And it's just, uh, there's this. And look at this. They're showing that Hayden guy who stepping down on all And there's I am fine. Time. Kisniz asks. She's right down there. Kisniz, uh, tails. God. I hate that bitch. I was in an nasty Pelosi. She's also sucking up. They must have ate some of these people. And offered it could be ours. Oh, they ought to be. Anyway, loose change, which if you haven't seen it on our website, it's everyone's duty to view this film is what it says. I guess because Dylan A. Re and Cory Roe. Live bands performing before trees, the stop motion, Jesse Jackson and Morty B. That's not Jesse Jackson the, uh, Ojo and Provacitor professional, uh, exploiter. That's the band and more TBA. But we do need to process the Darfur Atticus. He fun in her game between your victims. It doesn't say how much this cost or anything. Any other information, but it says, Spread the word. And yes, we're serving very soon says word. So I did that again. That's tomorrow night at the Doville 67. The cows APM. Go there and maybe you'll meet some interesting people there. We actually have an IQ larger than their, um, thumb possible. We think so. Elections officials in several states are scrambling to understand and limit the risk for made dangerous security whole-founded, Diabold, election system, achm like touchscreen voting machines. They're bad machines, mine. Atm that are bad machines from Diabold. The whole is considered more worse in the most security problems. It's covered, I'm out of voting machines such as week encryption easily. Pick of a lot and use of the same week password nationwide. Armed with little basic knowledge of Diabold voting systems and they standard component available in any computer store, some of them with a minute or two of access to a Diabold touchscreen could load virtually any software with a machine and a tablet. Redistribute votes are all through its performance in a myriad ways. I'm going to read that short sentence again. Armed with a little basic knowledge of Diabold voting systems and a standard component available at any computer store, some of them with a minute or two of access to Diabold touchscreen could load virtually any software into the machine and disable it. Redistribute votes are all through its performance in a myriad of ways. This sounds like a bad machine, mine. It sounds like to me. This one is worse than any of the others have ever seen. It's more fundamental said Doug Jones, a university about computer sciences and veteran voting system examiner for the state of Iowa. In the other ones, we've been arguing about the security on the locks of the front door, Jones said, now we find that there's no back door. This is the kind of thing where if the states don't get out from the hackers, there's a real threat. This is the, let's see, inside Bay Area newspaper and on the west coast. So this newspaper was withholding some details of the vulnerability to be questioned several lessons, officials and scientists partly because exploiting it is so simple, the tools for doing so are widely available. How do you like that? Oh, we don't have no fixed license. That's just all you paranoid liberals ought to. You can't be right. Right. That's why the exit polling was so wrong in 2004. Right. And of course they didn't have that. They haven't had that sophistication back in 2000. They didn't have the full pledging cooperation from the prison of Dibole like they didn't 2004. So in 2000, they just had to stop the count because the count was starting to go real bad in Florida. And then every single one of the analyses afterward, I said, oh, yeah, they would have kept count and grow one new election. And we said here, like, look, like that. One thing who got knocked off American Idol. Shame on you, people, man. And like I said, the other day, I could play that near the young thing 50 times a day. What's the point? Well, at first it's a crappy song, but even if it was a good song, what's the point? The American Activists become an oxy moron. They Stephen Colbert, I mentioned a couple of people, Cindy, she and a couple of them. That's about it. We need an Edward Armero. They need to bring him back alive. Tum some blood back into his cancer laden, cigar stuff. The cigarettes stuff body. All of them's a faggotty with smoking. You know, the one thing, I don't know if they didn't move because you hadn't seen the movie. But in the bio, and they were shown actual trips of a TV show. You don't see it now, and the other one. You never saw them without a faggotten stand. But the movie never saw anyone without a faggotten. Yeah, the smokey was continuous. I mean, talk about a Shane smoking. You actually watched smoking, Shane's. Some of the religion nuts were flat, flat, flat, flat, flat, flat, and so on. But then he was smoking. The Shane's. God, what a shame. We got nobody like that now. While Stephen Colbert, I guess is the closest to it. Of course, John Stewart just, you know, he's kind of a clown. When they write good material form, which is a lot. But you can't say that, okay, I didn't say that. That would be like knocking Elvis. Now, how come they said in 15 minutes, we were getting a verdict on that? And where is it? President Bush expected to come in on a phone database. Oh, he's got a lie again here in a few minutes. The George Bush Daily Show. It's talked about the Daily Show. He's got his own Daily Show. It's called Fox and CNN and Mr. NBC. Oh, here's the verdict. Roman Catholic priest, accused of killing and nuns 26 years ago in a hospital. Apparently, he's a Christian. A parently Christian. A Christian that's saying that the priest would be angered over for domineering way. Okay, our keep up and time is there. And so we'll all hear a little more about this case and the verdict that we're standing by. The judge is reading it right now. And just moments we should, hi, Darren. Just moments we should see what the verdict did ever see in the audience. The trial has lasted for three weeks. How many alternate ones have you been asking? What's the verdict, man? Maybe a nun, 71 year old sister Margaret and Paul was found dead in a chapel to delete all hospital. And at the time, the doctor married Catherine. He's at the hospital. At the hospital, father, Gerald Robin. The people in Sudan are suffering from a murder coming right now. And I think we'll go into that. The leader is the chair of signature and is this reflective verdict. Ms. Palmer, is this chair of signature and is this reflective verdict? Yes. Mr. Martin, is this chair of signature and is this reflective verdict? Yes. Oh, Mr. West. Come on. Are they cutting him off? Why are they chopping him off? Why do you want to perceive a sentence, eh? You haven't been teaching me. Okay. See they missed it. Anything from counsel? But obviously guilty because they're talking about perceived a sentence. We should go to anything. No. Statue to the fact that 1980 is the same as it is today. And that is, and I were guilty. So guilty. Coats action, where was convicted or fleets guilty to murder and violation of sexual violence? guilty. I know three oh two. He got her vice-code. She had been prison for an indefinite term of 15 years for life. The court imposes the life of imprisonment. I've pursued it to that code section. Mr. Robin, send you a 30 days today's date. We'll appear by the same place. All right. There we go. I sure will be meet the same fate and the slime where is the Reverend Gagon. Yeah, that would be very bad. It's 1143 already. We've got to get down to the brass tax. Look at it. Look at it. Look on his post. I mean, you know he done it. No question. Now, hey, finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable with on the man is easy to use has lots to love. And today you can try it for just 3499 a month or three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you want to. With programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home and program shows, guitar lessons and so much more, you'll always have something good to watch where when you want to be watching it. And don't forget about control. With on demand, you can start, stop, pause rewind, fan forward programs using that remote and you sure can't get all these things with satellite. No way Jose. Without the 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule who could possibly acts for more. And best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how he ever managed to get along without it. Call today order Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power bond demand for just 3499 a month or three months. And date call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast. This is new Roger. This is 560. Back in the church. It started out a regular guy who joined the directorie. Welcome and maybe ultimate sacrifice and racing celebrity father too. Amen. Come home and move. Come home. Come home. Father too. I'll take all the same pain. As time went by his earthly means. Come for a man's disjoined. He's found a way to get really by all cheering young boys. Father who too. Amen. Come home and move. Come home. Come home. Father who too. All three boys and Jay. He was happy again till he got caught. Five sons out of jail. Then the Vatican paid everyone off. And he didn't have to go to jail. Father who too. Amen. You frowned. But only who are. Of the father of two. Of the fours and Jay. They sent him to a free street tree where the genuf left and pray. If it was you or it was made, lock this up and throw the keys away. Father who too. Amen. Come home and move. Come home. Father who too. All three boys and Jay. Father who too. Amen. Come home and move. Come home. Father who too. Oh yeah. The religions of the world are breeding place for all the heat. It's 891 votes on a poll. If your parents didn't adopt me, you are religion re-appicked. What would you have picked? You know is your... Well, if you're not staying 225, don't say it. 8th is 1951. But say he didn't bash his dog in a rotten hell. It will be there. I hate this poll 168. Buddhism 106 Jewish 59. That's because of all the great gastronomic and delights on all the Jew holidays. Except the course of the Passover. We had to eat that still, Masa. Even the pastedic he can't be weaker than that. How about some good habits, talk with us? I want to ask you a return of that's kosher for a paced off. Oh that's cool. Catholic 56. Born again, Christian 25. Generic, Christian 19. Just an ordinary pedestrian boy. Scienceology 17. A lot of clubs are cases obviously. We got 8 people to want to be sick. Islam 8. Mormon 5. They want to go door to door and I'm a little bit of bicycles with a nice clean white shirts and buttoned neck ties. Not bow ties. That's it. So we asked Tucker Carlson. What a jackass. Seven day of Venice 3. So I was with this one and Hinduism just went on and so far Hinduism got the big. Now probably take one or two of this hour. WQAM. Hello. QAM. I didn't see that wasn't even him. No that was Gilbert. There was a fake. Yeah that was Gilbert. Oh the other guys are fake? Yeah. Well, happy to be there. Tell me that all these years. I thought you know. I did not know that. That was the real one. That was the real very weak by the way. That we like to fake one better. Oh man. That's in this particular case. The implementation is much greater than the original. Of course that's not saying much. WQAM. Hello. I'm a radio. Radio. Yes sir. Hey hey hey. I'm a searcher. Um. Hey I totally agree with you on the Joseph Gaki and. What's the thing? Kildi. Yeah. Kildi. That Ken Molding guy that comes on after you. Don't be knocking. Yeah. boring. Okay. Well I'm glad to hear it. We love Ken. And by the way give Joel a sign burger big kiss for us. The regulations on his puppies and ocean drive and he's still a jackass. 5605 Ken doesn't come on after us. He just does the updates and he's a wonderful guy and a great human being. He's got more class and one finger than you'll ever have when you hold pathetic body. How do you like that? Shmuck. 560560. 560. 560. Verizon. WQAM. Not lying. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Mark it down. One guy disconnected. First time. 2. Yeah. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. I'm waiting to see it Thursday. What the, um, what I said, uh, we have today. What he's calling on Thursday. QAM. Hello. Get pussy on a sonner. There's an episode. WQAM. They sure are on a casket. QAM. Hello. Jesus Christ and doggy stone Mary. I hate you. WQAM. Hello. I'm here here. Sometimes they take somebody QAM. Hello. No. Yes. You remember one thing to call us? Yeah. I sure do. Your voice. Okay. Okay. That takes you. See that was the obligatory run down the list. Yes. And they've all checked in. They've not. They all checked in. Duties fully. Why you all got to do it. I mean, it's not like it's a very fact. And, uh, who right. We listen. God. The Gardener. Listen him. You listen. Next. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, no. There's no such thing as. No. WQAM. Hello. QAM. I like to see him. Thank you. Go. WQAM. I like to see him. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Oh, I got a pole for you. Pull. Yeah. I bet you do. Okay. Stick it. Speaking of that, Mary Cheney calls John Kerry a son of a bitch for using gaze for political gain, but she hasn't got a word about George Worsherdeer old dad doing the same. Welcome to Mary Cheney's million dollar closet. It's still a bit stuffy. And here's a lot of things haven't been totally cleared up. I got three. Sorry. This is one of the big to do is now. Got this one and we got Kerry strikes back. And then we got John Edwards who's really boring. Starts backed by kissing up. For someone who's been out for a decade, Mary still shows major signs of just coming out syndrome. You're fairing. It is what you have cannons going through. And what many if not most gaze go through, especially conservative ones. But in first come to terms with being gay. They start being publicly gay. Sometimes they good things for more often than not. They're internalized homophobia. It comes slipping out. A newbie's coming out of experience is usually indicated by one or more of the following utterances. One, I'm not one of those activists in other words. I don't do anything to defend my right so be little people who do in order to make myself feel better. Two, a sure I'm gay, but it's not all I am. I'm other things too. In other words, I'm still a bit embarrassed about who I am. In fact, I'm not an activist. Three, why can't gay people be more normal like me? Normal means hiding out in the suburbs. For I'm not a single voter issue, issue voter. In other words, I still vote for public, and the only issue I don't take it count when voting is me. Five Republicans don't really hate gay people and just have to vote the way they do for politics. In other words, I still vote Republican. And six Democrats, sure they vote four gay people, but they're not for a dear. In other words, I know Republicans try to get his 90% of the time and the Democrats help get his 90% of the time, but I still need to justify why I vote for a party that hates me. With that in mind, check out what Mary had to say about Carrie and Edwards. Regardless of what you think of how Carrie and Edwards handled, they marry his gay thing during the debate, it's Mary's analisation of the situation that is so telling. So it was offensive to me that Carrie was obviously trying to use me in my sexual orientation for example, the Republicans, you said, of course the reason Carrie Edwards mentioned Mary's gayness is because George Bush decided to use gayness as a, if not the political issue, the 2004 elections. It's one issue. How did Mary react to Bush using your sexual orientation for his own political gain? And the interview with Diane Sourer, Cheney said, of Bush, I think he's a very good man. I mean, he hasn't caught up. Now you have a much larger window in the Mary's mind and closet. In our own personal Stockholm syndrome, the gay bashes are started to fight our good people who just haven't caught up yet. The gay defenders fighting back our sons of bitches, slime and need to go f themselves. Cheney saves her harshest words for his Bush in 2004, Pony's calling John Kerry a son of a bitch and his running mate, John Edwards a total slime for discussing her sexual orientation during nationally televised debate stream in the campaign. In the interview with Diane Sourer, she said, of Bush, that's right, isn't. Cheney has less generous to Carrie and Edwards who she accuses of sleazy politics for mentioning she was gay during debates with Bush and her father. John Kerry didn't out mean or the offender attacked me by calling me a lesbian. It wasn't a secret that I was gay and I certainly wouldn't be offended by the Tutsi right. What was offensive with it was obviously trying to use me in my sexual orientation for example of a gay. Sitting in the studio audience with Edwards mentioned your sexual orientation, Cheney said she looked at the vice president or candidate and mowed the words, go f yourself, a praise her father at earlier employed against Democratic Center, Patrick Lady, some fine good outstanding immerse. Aren't they classier what? Yeah, they're the best. On 57 a QAM, hey, today's Thursday there are a lot of you out there haven't even thought about mother's day yet. It's this Sunday, it's only a couple days away. There's still time mode to make it seem like you put a lot of thought in your gift by singing an original Vermont teddy bear. Sitting in Bear Graham is so much more personal and fun than flowers and Vermont teddy bears last forever. They're even guaranteed for life while flowers who didn't just matter of hours. That's why flowers and hours rhyme. You didn't know that, didn't you? Good. You can only get them by calling a friendly bear counselor, 18029 bear or shopping at Vermont teddy bear.com. Your mama wife will receive a beautiful bear, tailor just for her and deliver with a free car, gourmet car, mumbles and a gift card and a colorful box. They'll help you tailor a bear just for her like the nurse to teach you the business woman or gardening bear. So shall know you put some real thought in your gift. They even have a fun new bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be. And while you're at it, check out the new All American Mom Grist and the Patriotic Center, that's holding an apple pie and try to use mama's voice out there. Be sure and set the mama's voice bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo on his arm. And dads don't forget every year it's your job to get the wife to give from the kids and the mother and cubset is perfect. And as many cubses needed to deliver to your kids names, read me off. Have a very limited office tomorrow, so you can brag about you to work for work as a works like magic every year. So call 1-800-829-bear. It's not too late or shop online to Vermont teddy bear.com. Send a creative alternative to flowers for most of the day this year by calling 1-800-829-bear. That's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. Be sure and tell them that all silly queen Neal told you to call. This is Neal Roger's. You're fair. This is 516-28. Where are it beaded? Well, the one hour on WQA. Well, I've never thought I'd find the guy who's right that I've been to the round this week. All right, now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up, and we'll give a full fly. I drop a wheel in those rounds on the hearts of the family because they're 18-0, 14-0 later. This fighting fresh river, all seeds, lots of the smell. It gets the dusting, the river goes down. Akkada is our enemy, and we want to know their plans. Second, the government does not listen to domestic phone calls without court approval. Third, the intelligence activities I authorized are lawful. And have been briefed to appropriate members of Congress, both Republican and Democrat. Fourth, the privacy of ordinary Americans is fiercely protected in all our activities. We're not mining or trolling through the personal lives of millions of people who are made. Our efforts are focused on links to Akkada and their known affiliates. First, we're going to the university of the university. So, all the immigrants. And then that's that. Okay, that was pretty much it. He said, then they raced stormed off after that. Your president, the Bose Odeclan. Pretty sad. Oh, and the Stephen Colbert thing is up there. Nice job. I'm going to thank you so much. Moots and Scrasions. Right under is an under or above. Josh is a picture on there. Right above. Right above Josh is picture. Right above. And I'm thinking, George, since you got the ability to play the audio on the ear. Yeah, because I don't have that ability. If I had the ability, I could kick our spin and say, But why don't we do that? We got time. Sure. Before we get back to the Bullbyte Murray Cheney. Do I do it now? Right now would be good. I mean, fits right in. We just got her from Bozo. Right. Well, it goes on a butcher. You know how fast this computer is. Oh, please don't tell me. It's buffers right away. You just click on that thing and it buffered on mine and like it's, you know, yeah, and yours. I haven't even loaded the Hage Spify computer. I might have a little HP compact pavillion. What is the nice computer? That's a size of your thumb. And about 4,000 times faster than a piece of crap you were with there. We got 924 votes on the pull. We're still waiting for George to download it. But I'll load enough that I still haven't gone to the page. Well, what? Tell me how you've under the home page yet? Maybe I've got a bunch of them there. Why? So, load them. Get out of here. It's right above Josh's picture. Mine is buffered all right. And there it is. Playing again. There's Bozo in there that didn't. But that's super fibrillacan is push just usual one. And it's even cool. Very good. Ready to get up. He's got all his go to the podium. Does he know you don't have that yet? Nope. Jesus, K Christ, what kind of garbage you working with there, man? Oh, that's right. I forgot his QAM. Well, I should let what's the name. Fixed it come up here. And so I could have played it five times already. Yeah. Well, let me know if that if and one that thing kicks in. Okay. Yeah, it will be my hourglass if yours here. And what that's bad. That is so pathetic. But, anyway, what do we need this stuff like that for? And it's very interesting because the great intellectuals we got out there, I'm sure they're very concerned about Stephen Colbert and Clutter Colbert. And all of that stuff. And about, you know, what's happening in the world? Because generally speaking, the masses are asses. Make no mistake about that. Although we don't have the masses. We just got like the same seven or eight colors. Yeah. At least when you keep it small, like that doesn't get too complicated. Mm-hmm. It's like when you have too big of a family. You know, like 15 kids can't remember their names. But when you keep it small, that's the number that we're talking to. Now, what's the story? You still, you know, that's where we're going to go from Google, blah, blah, blah. What? I said, get nodding here. Yeah, blah, blah, blah. Transferring day to transferring day to the next one. Transferring my ass. Oh, I'll go get a hand truck. That was good this morning. I was telling Hank that, fuck, I said it was bigger than Hank's ass. And I think he agreed with that. That's a big hit. We'd really have to measure that. Well, right ahead, you first. I'll go get the calipers. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like those big, now what are they called those things? They would, well, you wouldn't know us before your time. When the ice man used to come to the house with a big block of ice, and they had those big prongs. What the hell was those things? I think they're ice tugs. Is that what they were? Oh, ice tugs are like from little cubes. Well, I don't know. There were big ice tugs. Big ass ice tugs. But it is bullshit. I don't want to hear anything to say. You're going to say, oh, boy, this is bad. Ha ha. Well, this is definitely going to ratchet up the level of controversy, because it does affect ordinary Americans when the Republicans are not manned. In December about the monitoring of international calls, most Americans didn't feel particularly threatened the president gave assurances. These were only calls overseas. There were only communications with suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. And now ordinary Americans, in the tech area, which is some 200 million Americans, that the government has a record of every phone call they made. Just will make the number they call not the content of the conversation. But that, to most Americans, is going to sound like the individual in the public. What are the conditions of the Cold War report? Oh, it started playing. Cold War. No. I'm putting my videos probably in the week. There are the audience. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Before I begin, I've been asked to make an announcement, who ever parked 14 black bulletproof SUVs, our fronts. Please move them. They're blocking in 14 other black bulletproof SUVs. Many of you get out. Wow. Wow. The White House correspondent center to actually, to sit here at the same table with my hero, George W. Bush. To be this close to the man, I feel like I'm dreaming. Somebody pinched me. You know what? I'm pretty sound sleeper. That may not be enough. Somebody shoot me in the face. Is he really not here tonight? Damn it. The one guy who could have helped. I'm by the way, before I get started. Anybody needs anything else at their tables. Just be slowly and clearly into your table numbers. Some of them from the NSA will be right over with a cocktail. Yeah. Yeah. Don't have any a died. I don't know what it did. Mark, there we go. Wait. Yeah. This ain't gonna go over to us. Like I said, this was not a good idea. You know, the kind of garbage equipment working with it. I mean, this is just embarrassing to me. Humiliating and degrading. Right. That's our internet collection. It sucks. Yep. That's QA for a man. H8's rate. Everything we do is a 3. That's why we're like, you know, dropping like a rock in our GM's right around. Hey, everything great. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're happy? You like me? Probably all the salespeople downloading porn right now. When surprise the hell out of me. We're gonna have our 1000 votes by the end of this hour. Pretty much like a 99 already. You can just take a deep breath. Rest assured. So everybody wants to see the cool bit of thing. And also, you know, because it lacks the impact when you only hit an audio. Right. Because when you see the video, you see the reactions from a very sour person. Yeah. That's our face. Real sour. It's just doing an effective, these are fired for an American. If we're unwilling to do this, there's time to play. And I'm sure Dick Tane's gonna tell me, go, if I'm going to self again after this. Well, speaking of that, in response to an article Wednesday, which vice president Dick Tane's lesbian daughter is quoted as calling Senator John Kerry as son of a bitch, from mentioning your sexual identity presidential debates, Kerry's office started off this return to Raw's story. Kerry's spokesman David Wade said Mary Cheney had flocked for the most anti-gay administration in history. Seems like his suspicious lecture from a political operative who flocked to the most anti-gay administration in history and log carl rows of the United States of America for political game-ways said she'd be more credible if she'd pushed Dan's administration to support hate crimes by the installation of equal rights for gay Americans. In her new book, Mary Cheney's lines, Kerry, John Kerry, I already read that. And I think about go, if yourself, she was mouthing to poor John Edwards. I like that. Not nice. We have classy Dick. Hey, Mary. You fair, right? Rimes with theory. And third, but last but not least, after vice president Taney's daughter, the former vice president, so candidate John Edwards, a total slime ball, from mentioning her sexuality during the vice presidential debates, Edward spokesman responded to Raw's direct calling to Taney's wonderful role models. A.T. A panic or what, huh? Yeah. Edward's continues to believe, as he said in the vice president, so the debate when he is raised, that the Taney's have been wonderful role models for the millions of parents around the country, who loved their children unconditionally, Kim Ruby had responsible for his water-market political action committee said. The scathing comments by Mary Cheney, Dick Taney's lesbian daughter, were published in a Canada.com article and caught by Washington Blugger John E. Ravosis. According to Canada, the dot com's a counter-married Taney's book, why not suggesting all over again about go after yourself. I do enjoy reading that though. Because we've just seen Patrick Lee, he would have sour look on his face about all this wire tapping of everybody, all these millions and millions and billions of phone calls. They know who you call. They didn't hear. Ask you today they're telling us they didn't, you know, they don't hear the conversation. Now, the couple months, they'll say, well, every now and then they decide, listen, in just case they made a misome, you know, when we were somebody we didn't like. Fascism is alive and well, make no mistake about the new people. Like we look like a bunch of morons, man. You're like a bunch of quiz links. Spencer says, I sent you the Pentagon clip for your website. Thank you so much. Here's another one. This is a website. It's a one to know, ST bad penment you've spent here. ST911.org is one of the most important sites of my generation. Please put on your website to get out the truth. ST911.org. Well, I guess I better take a look at that during the break. I'm not. You should. Well, it would be something we had to get Eric to do that too. I mean, it's an awful lot of work for a fat man in one day, isn't it? Think of doing. He'll do it. He'll be doing gladly. It's a labor of love. Leave you me. I'm going to go to school or four night eleven truths. I'm going to know. Well, you're on it. How'd you get on that so fast? You can get on our website. I think it's a dream of the video at me. Oh, I see. Oh, I excuse me. I'm sorry. Still a more we can handle that, you weigh in. But the text and that toilet. Hey, I got 90. Let's move back into the trailer again. That sounds good. Oh, get that figure out. Raylor though. Let's move back to that former QM location here. Seriously, even the cockroaches and the rats moved out of that place. That's how filthy and disgusting that was. I don't know. It's there anymore. And then you're going to go in his deal. Well, you know, we're thinking about building a new studio out there in a hallway in the closet hut. Yeah. What a lying sack. 1213 a QM if you love voting. You can go out there and buy a vote. Carsion, of course. And then it's just the beginning of your headaches. It's a big hassle. The smart thing to do if you want to get out there in a water. Have a great time. It's called subnodico at 1-800-BOT-Rent. Why pay the expenses of owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free. It's easy. It's a piece of cake. Join the club at Club Nodico. Call 1-800-BOT-Rent will be just amazed at how easy they make it for you. There are no docking costs. No extensive upkeep no insurance nor hurricane preparation. When you have a boat from Club Nodico, it is totally stress free and affordable too. So what's not to like? Call 1-800-BOT-Rent, no getting the boat ready because the folks at Club Nodico do all that for you. No cleaning up either, guess what they do as well. A club Nodico just hop on your boat and go when you don't pull them, but that can often say goodbye. I know. Take care all the rest. Club Nodico call 1-800-BOT-Rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats all the way to yacht charters, Club Nodico does it all for you. Call 1-800-BOT-Rent and let Club Nodico take or plan to fit what you need and your budget to. Get on the water day, the inexpensive, the hassle free way with Club Nodico by calling 1-800-BOT-Rent. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-BOT. Yeah. This is 5-16-2-8-Yam. Your flagship's teaching for Florida, Marlin Pistol, on the radio tonight. From Marlin Pistol, the amount of raise at Dalton Stadium, presented by Bell Sal, Covered Certic Six Third and Exclusive Presentation of 4-3-0-5-16-2-8-Yam. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medical agents don't work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medical agents don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. No light. All the hard burn. No gold gold. Every time I see. No gold gold gold gold. Every time I see. No gold gold gold. No gold gold gold. My TV. My TV is president of T.C.O. My power is mushy. And in our take in the city. I don't know why. They were in one to die but no need to. There's one to the accordion. I'll be back. When they president of T.C.O.T. You won't be able to count the T.C.O.T. All the light in the city. No gold gold gold. They're asking if we go vote at all. There's one best. No gold gold. It's strong and stupid. No gold gold gold gold. And this one can risk it. No gold gold gold. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. They're asking if we go vote at all. That's so nice here. Let me empty the quelques  I can't get myself in independ from getting down to ease. Y knew that was way too far. Yeah! You made a lot of power That's the thing You made a lot of money Out of the door You're so scared You hired a lot of money You hired a lot of cash You hired me high, thorn Isn't that the back To get me financed in strong Before I die, I understand now my name is backward I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna get on hold I'm gonna blow up Oh no I can see Oh so I'm gonna go somewhere Oh Move Fuck Run this way Oh yeah The water No water is my room I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go to the left and I'm going to go top play play win the end starting right. Thanks, Ben, so we need to put a link to the scene or right away, immediately with the scene. It's already on here. It's already on here. Do you care if it's not the break? Eric did? I said him the link and he put it right on there. Ice God boys, scourous for our 9-11 true.org. We're just ST 9-11.org. In fact, I got an article I just printed out. Experts claim official 9-11 stories are hoaxed and it's very long and I'm going to read it when we come back. I do it right. I like it a lot. You do? I hate it. Don't do it. I hate it. Don't do it. I don't want to get this in a chronic stuff, sir. Oh, by the way, the name of that color. What is this name? Carl. That's the guy that are contracted chronic. Carl and there's old Joe and about, you know, see their colors on any of their noris. It's just that, you know, they have something to talk about. Sports, you know, and same old crap. We go from one show to the next new, the same half of it doesn't say. It's a one thing, balled his way and puck Mark Wayne had. Remember we were at IOD? Really frosted their ass because he said, well, you know, I don't want to think about the same 50 colors all day. I think we're just exaggerating. And I'm just the same with the two stations, just the same 50 people are more busy because they're calling both of them. Of course, at least ours, you know, they send their very best numerous times a day. I suppose just once. Nine hundred seventy one votes on a pole piece of cake. Experts claim official nine eleven stories of hopes coming up. You know, like the bedtime stories go away. Go listen to the juice and listen to us. It's a Rosenstein bird talking about the juice. He's going to get this. Listen to the juice. It's a Rosenstein bird. He ain't no stand birds. He's a, uh, soft for the sports fixture is now what it's a motion dive. That's where it's on bird puppies. 26 past noon at five sixty. WKM got guilty. So then goes again to four four hours at the most. Four and a half hours at the most unspeakable radio in the history of the industry, and then we got to the moral game, which in this case will be quite a move on up tick. If you think you have termites in you, help me better call ridded pest control day for a free termite inspection. Riddet pest control uses an amazing orange row treatment. The kills termites enter my days out of percent of contact. They're going to faster than you can say. Clear about the clown. If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to taint your house. No worrying about poison is gas. No moving out or staying at hotels. No worry about food or pests in your health. They treat your home at ridded with this amazing orange row. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're all done doing their thing on your property, the only thing left behind is the clean scent. The refreshing set of oranges for just a few days. You don't have to leave it all. If you have a few left here in food country, it's true if you have a termite problem called Riddet pest control right now. Find out about this amazing orange row treatment. Kill the kill. Kill the termites and the raise of 100% on contact. No tending. No games. No BS. No kidding. They do a stupidish job for you. Call them right now for a free no obligation inspection. Now is the time to start thinking about this. At the early stages of termite season. At her weekend, season and all this other slime and South Florida for months to come. Call Riddet toll free 1-800-44-743-48. That's 1-800-44-743-48. When you do call, be sure to turn the tide direct to a new call. They will pee their pants. 1-800-44-743-48. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-760. And wrap all the slime all the time. Welcome to the new American like back in the seat. Also known as George W. Palace. Wragly any palace imagined by sedan. 104 acres of luxury. That I recognize happens since our divine occupation. So rounded by 15 foot thick concrete walls were safe being. We have two city blocks of luxury apartment in offices. The hotels here are slanky. We'll find the tattoo of the business in future with the deliverings on every sheet of soft and open-blind toilet paper. Just beyond the humbard dealership and movie data, you'll find tennis courts. And the largest swimming pool in Iraq with regulation-sized diving boards. And of course waterboards. Rolls of around our safety are rolled, gymnasium and bath. Open all night and free to wear our Suffolk in press. Our food court offers one of every restaurant chain. Be sure to eat daily on that delicacy. Today, your kids will love the strong and weak labor jealous living. Serve in the hollow skulls of our grantees children. This is all top secret of course. We'll thank you for not mentioning our duet rack and to see the ultimate American average. I'm fine. Com 33OK who it is, scholars for 9,11 truth. The link is up at the honor you be saying. What? A group of distinct with Shakespeare's and scholars including Robert M. Bowman, James H. Fetsor, Wayne Mads, Den John McMordy, Morgan Reynolds and Andreas von Buello. That senior government officials have covered up crucial facts about where we really have it on 9,11. They've joined with our vision common cause as members of scholars for 9,11 truth, S9,11T. Because their convinced based on their own research that the administrative and BNDC, the nation, about queer equivalents in New York and Washington, D.C. These experts suggest these events may have been orchestrated by elements within the administration, and manipulate Americans in a supporting policies at home and abroad. They would never have condoned absent another parole harbor. They believe that this white house is incapable of investigating itself and hope the possibility that Congress might hold an unaccountable administration accountable is not merely an eye of a wishful thinking. They're encouraging new services around the world to secure scientific advice by taking advantage of university resources to verify to falsify the discoveries, extraordinary situations they believe require extraordinary measures. If this were done they contend one of the great hoaxes of history would stand naked before the eyes of the world and its perpetrators would be clearly exposed, which may be the only hope for saving this nation we've been great to abuse. They hope to smite include the New York Times which in the end, as repeatedly failed a lecture as the leadership expected from our nation's newspaper of record by a series of inexplicable lapses. It's failed to vigorously investigate ten directions, lies leading to the war in Iraq or legal NSA's spine on the American people, major unconstitutional events. In their view the times might compensate for its laws of stench by helping to reveal the truth about one of the great turning points, one of the great turning points of violence about history. Stunning isn't made me to acknowledge the observative governments brought about one in time and against anyone that the rest of their knowledge is not even recommended anyone for incompetence or dereliction of duty. The official conspiracy theory that 19 Arab hijackers under control of one man in the wilds of Afghanistan brought this about is unsupportable by the evidential data which they have studied. They even believe there are good reasons for suspecting that video tapes officially attribute to a sum of in law and not genuine. They found the government's own investigation to be severely flawed. The 911 Commission designated to investigate the attack was directed by Philip Zellico, part of the Bush Transition Team in the NSA sector and co-author of a book with Tom Belize Erweiss. A Bush supporter and director of National Security Affairs he could hardly be expected to conduct an objective in impartial investigation. They discovered that the 911 Commission report is replayed with omissions, discerced in the factual errors, which stated by Griffin and his document in his book, the 911 Commission report omissions and distortions. The official report for example entirely ignores the collapse of World Trade Center 7A 47 Store building, which was hit by nowhere planes was only damaged by a few small fires and fell 7 hours after the attack. Here are some of the kinds of considerations that these experts in scouting is finally troubling. In the history of structural engineering steel frame high-rise buildings have never been brought down due to fires from either before or since 911, so how can fires have brought down 3 in 1 day? How is this possible? The BBC has reported that at least five of the 19-led hijackers have turned up alive and well living in Saudi Arabia. Yet, according to the FBI, these were among those killing the attacks. How is this possible? Frank D. Martinez, a project manager for the WTC, said the buildings were designed with low-dread distribution capabilities to withstand the impact of airliners, whose effects would be like puncturing a skidler netting with a pencil, yet they completely collapsed how is this possible? Since the melting point of steel is about 2,700-degree Fahrenheit, the temperature of jet fuel, if you will, does not exceed 1800 Fahrenheit under optimal conditions, and you also should have fired the steel to use to 2000 Fahrenheit for 6 hours, the buildings could not have collapsed due to heat from the fires. How is this possible? Flight 70-7 was allegedly hit to building, left the radar screen, the vicinity of the Ohio Kentucky border, only to reappear in very close proximity to the Pentagon, shortly before impact. How is this possible? For intervists who were clever enough to coordinate hijacking for commercial airliners, seemingly did not know that the least damage to the Pentagon would be done by hitting its west wing. How is that possible? Secretary of Transportation Norman Minita, in an underground bunker with the White House, watched Vice President Cheney casting a young officer for asking if the plane drew closer close to the Pentagon, did the order still stand? The order cannot have been to shoot it down, but must have been the opposite. How is that possible? A former inspector general for the Air Force observed that Flight 93, which allegedly crashed in Pennsylvania, should have left the debris scattered over nearer, unless in the size of a city block, but it scattered over nearer about eight square miles. How is this possible? A tape recording of interviews with air traffic controllers on duty and line limo was deliberately crushed, cut into very small pieces and distributed in a certain places to ensure it's total destruction. How is that possible? The Pentagon conducted a training exercise called mask-cal, simulating the crash of a Boeing 757 in building on October 24, 2000, and yet, penalties arise among others has repeatedly asserted that no one ever imagined a domestic airplane could be used as a weapon. How is that possible? Their own physics research has been established that only controlled demolitions are consistently near gravity, speed of the fall and virtually symmetrical collapse of all three of the WT3 that's in World Trade Center buildings, while turning concrete into very fine dust they fell straight down into their own footprints. These experts in scholars have found themselves obliged to conclude that the 911 atrocity represents an instance of the approach, which has been identified by Carl Roe over the President's closest advisor, of creating our own reality. How do you like that? Chill. Chillin. Probably ought to plug that loose change video again that's shown tonight. That's a Marnight. Friday, May 12th, 8pm, it's tomorrow hosted by Jessica Johnson and George Matto, to do the O'Reilly Hotel 67 of the Collins. Lose change set of addition to most provocative 911 documentary on the market. By the way, speaking of that, I noticed on this website, this scholars from 911 truth, there is links to all kinds of other fabulous stuff too. Maybe you won't think it's fabulous, but at least provocative. I was there for the first thing. Interesting, like only social networks, it was a very interesting guy, or any social sort of a sort of talk at home. Well, there would be a couple of people out there who look at this stuff, not too many. Thousands of votes already are to impressed God Almighty. We might actually be reaching out to 300 people. If your parents didn't indoctrinated you in brainwashing, what religion would you have chosen if you had like free will? Or free will? Is that why you even ate that fruit? It's like free willy. Agnostic, 259, that's what Michael wants. He wants you to free willy, so we can grab him. Agnostic, 259, 8th, it's 213. I hate this full 181. Well, guess what we hate too, how do you like that? Yamama, Lose in 18, George 65, oh God, let's go get some deli right now. But we're some good frothys. Can't look 63, we're going to get Christian only, but I'm 30 man. Yeah, two impressive. Generic Christian 24, Scientology 19. The world's biggest closet next to the priesthood. Sick, we got eight sickies. Islam, eight, Mormon, six, some day events for Hinduism too. Well, some day events aren't there to once it make all that nice veggie crap that we buy in the supermarket? I don't know. I think they do, yeah. Oh, yeah, those breakfast links, they're kind of like bookaburgers, they're made from people. Hindu too and Joe is witnesses appear. In fact, those pair, they'll be not going to endure any minute. Try to knock down the door. Twenty-two-one, by the way, I dropped through that thing, man. Like Grant took Richmond. You know, if that was pretty good. David, I bet there's a lot of other good stuff on there too though. Be well worth reading, or vast audience of great individuals out there. Really, very Soviet with a great social conscience they got, you know? Oh, yeah, like him. He's socially unconscious. If you're a cigar smoke, you'd like to kick back with a good premium brand and the he's a cigar's vitony barhoney is for you. These hard defines cigars are made with first-grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years, but he has a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold applied to blind gets a 91 rating by cigar fish and out of cigar insider, a 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well-balanced full-body liquor bag once cigars got earthy hints of dark rose coffee. Chocolate, spicy and pepper flavors. Also, don't forget to try their behead to sale the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months. They'd say it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of cigar insider, a powerful big blaster, maybe. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-body with additional spice and a note of charred wood. For a soft-floated tobacco questionnaire by you just log out of their website for hiasigars.com or call us number 23. 1-800-35 bahia, that's 1-800-35 BHI-A. This is a real ruder. This is 5.16. It's bretham and faggie. The American cheesecrouse will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese. I hate broccoli, except when my mom now's cheddar cheese on top, then I even ask for second. Yes, there's nothing like cheese. There may things taste terrific. I'm a side-show geek in a circus and I eat ground glass for a living. My secret, I top the shards with grated barmesan. It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood. That's right, nothing tops things off like a big, sweaty glob of cheese. My husband likes me to, you know, do him, but I hate the taste. So I just wrap it in an individual's life from American cheese. It goes down easy. It's not makes it easier to go down. Cheese makes everything taste better. So, remember, don't forget for cheese. It's a 1245, a W.M. subway. Here's a fax. Some of you are interested in this. It says, please, please. It's basically just right about Bush being behind 9-11 again. Where is it published? Put the link on your watches.com. I'll read it on there. It's in the links. It's in the links. We could put it up top with big letters if you want. No, it's the top of the links. Scholars for 9-11 truth. That's right there. I was at the link to the story. It's a link to their website. So I need to be a little more specific. Well, for crying out loud, it's the top story there. It says a place to start. Experts call for release of 9-11 evidence. You can just click on a little baby there on that link. And I got it. Like there it is. George on the other hand, if he clicks on it, I want to have something to have. Right? What does that say to the bottom? How is this possible? All you come on and cut the crap. How is this possible? Come, get your head out of that ostrich life stance. You can't get out of the floor to stand and get with it. Start waking up and smelling the dance. Remember what I was screaming about? Peanack, you know? Project for the New American Center. This is all part of the game plan. It wouldn't be able to go ahead and do their all they're invading and re-organizing and grab all the oil from all over the world. But that's some throw-ahart for lack of it. They said that right in there. Right in black and green and white. And then they went and planted. And they made it happen. And there it is. And how is it that? In fact, if you watch those change, you'll also see the same thing. You'll see the pictures of the so-called hijack resource. Most of the dead are still very much alive. And even tells where they're working and what they're doing. And probably we're listening to some of their phone conversations. Speaking of phone conversations, 72 in Congress. You end battle against wiretaps. 72 members of Congress, file papers like yesterday. Sign to one president Bush's moral is going to say, Eavesdropping program, quote, raw story, which has become very quickly with me. One of my favorite websites, raw stories. Very raw. It's so raw. That's all. The filing can just be very poor in USA today, which reveal that NSA's warrantless Wartel's typing program are collected call records on tens of millions of Americans to Regrimants with AT&T Verizon and Bell South. It also comes today after lawyers looking into the NSA program abruptly closed their probe after the Bush administration refused to grant the clearances. Huh. The 71 Democrats have one independent file that Amika's brief in two federal course reviewing Channel. How about some Republicans? Ah, and in CNA. Challenges to the warrantless Wartel's typing program and Detroit in New York during the ACU and the Center for Constitutional Rights both since demand the program be stopped. Talk to Democrats to get in sign the call. Neither house minority leader, the U.S. Nancy Pelosi or house minority with Stan Hoyer have joined the brave. It's very disturbing that on the same day we learn that the NSA has been secretly collecting the full records of tens of millions of Americans. We also learn that the Department of Justice has abruptly cancelled its investigation into the agency's warmless Wartel, and program said representative John Connyors, the ranking host of the Sherry Democrat was spearheading the initiative. These developments clearly point to the urgent need for oversight review of this program. Connyors has failed to provide the script to the court. John said, the brief are used to Congress never authorized the Wartel's fine program. Neither through the four in intelligence of our civil sector 78 nor the post-on level authorization for use of military force. It details the legislative history of both an ask the court to halt the program immediately not sooner. As our brief makes clear, this Congress dealt with this issue a third-atably almost 30 years. Wartel is finally finally the first to be served in the Congress. Connyors said that the church committee, that's not the go-in-the-church that's Frank Church. A special set of tourals committee in the 70s that gave Congress more oversight of the intelligence committee in the wake of President Nixon's Watergate scandal. The following 72 representatives were a meaty in the brief. They were a meaty, piezon. Anyone's got the list of all the people that voted joined in on it. Let's see anybody from Florida besides our good buddy, what's his name? What's his name? Bob Wersler. He's on here. Of course, good old Bobby Wester from Palm Beach. And look at any other Florida people that signed on here. You'll see any. I see Maxine Waters and Diane Watson and Henry Waxman or California. And then Walsy and California. And George Miller or California. Charlie Wrangler of New York. And Bernie Sanders independent of Vermont. Killed a Solice of California. I see Alex Solice. I don't see nobody from Florida besides the Bobby Wester. How do you like that? Isn't that a pretty sad commentary? He's the, no, I take that back. Debbie Westerman. Sorry, Debbie. We apologize. We apologize to them. I apologize to them. I apologize. For a few sleep. Debbie, wash them in the shoes. That's it. I'm looking at, you know, I don't want to leave anybody out. There's Gary Acumen of New York. I wonder if he's really do a dug-acumen. I sure hope not. Neil Abercrombie of Hawaii. Oh, Korean Brown or Florida. See, I knew I'd leave somebody out of Korean Brown. I ought to play Korean and Korean if I read Peterson. I bet you don't have that. Now, hey. Korean and Korean, huh? Oh, I don't know what year. Don't start. Korean and Korean if I read Peterson. There's no chance in hell. You got that. You know, I got that on a spoon. I don't got it. It's all right. I love her and missing you by Ray Peterson. Oh, we don't have Korean and Korean to bed. We don't want to hear it anyway. We got important fish to fry. Look at the tremendous outpouring on the phone after I read that spectacular stuff. You know, let's see. That's why I realized that like I said, I've told you many times. Don't ever get confused that the phone call is anywhere. Because if that's what we're talking to. We're just not so sorry. No, no, seriously. Yeah. Ever confuse yourself with the idea that in any way you shape or foam. The phone calls are coming in any talk. Sure. Yeah. Who might be up there? I commit suicide twice. Yeah. Why I'd come make sure I get your third time. The 1,000 36 votes on there already in sunny Florida. Well, that's good. We can get to feather in our cap again. Heather, it's our back home. Right. Okay. Into the more important stuff. Now this is more up there alley. I think a tamarac rock and roll member of BDA collector is suing the beach boys. For the right to sell Brian Wilson's original sheet music for such instances. Good vibrations. That wouldn't be nice. Said to be worth some $20 million. Roy A. Schiatcha says he's the legal owner of Wilson's handwritten sheet music. Which was contained in boxes of junk. That's Schiatcha bought for an animal amount of liquidation off the member of the year. How about the beach boys management in the 80s? The banter was management company. Brother records alleges the sheet music was stolen. And his holiday sketches planned auction of the items. I don't know if this Schiatcha or Schiatcha enter. There you go. I love this. Let's give you some time. Brother records can be immediately reached for comment on lawsuit today. It was filed in US. It's just with court Miami. Brother records filed a complaint with the police. It's a pretty nice fall about the lights. But the lawsuit said the investigation is not for lack of evidence. There you go. Some good vibrations with Brian Wilson. He's still taking a big mass. Let's send Brian to Vermont. Teddy bear from others there. He's like a little bear. Nothing. I'm going to voice to like stick with. I don't know. Do you have the rehab there? Over there. Yeah. The rehab there would be good. Or they still knock a ranch there. And Brian wake up. Get out of bed. They don't wake you up. Get your idiot. Asked out of bed. Brian. And how was Jan and Dean doing? I'll see. Dean is the one he had the red par accident and he walked around. And he's dead. Right? Isn't that fine? I don't know. Jan, Barry and Dean. I don't know what Dean's last name one. Kind of a name is that for a guy. Jan, Barry. Yeah. I'm with two fairies. I'm with that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And I'm thinking to myself four hours of this is too long. Yeah. I agree. Too long. Can anybody else understand this thing? Yeah. Every day. All right. I'm done. Okay. Nobody. Who? In theory. Who does? At a K. No. No. No. Just like not a real. What's in a blue moon? Yeah. You're right. In fact, even if you look at Monday's schedule, he didn't start till 10. 35 until 2. Even though there was nothing on before him for 35 minutes. If you look at the schedule, I mean we were doing transmittance for 35 minutes after Curtis and the Beast. That's already water right over the bridge. Monday passed. Chris, the game like tonight's game, it says till all I don't know games, not going to end at 10.35. So he's around to do four hours, but very seldom is that happened because we got all these ball games. And most of me, I like to row games. There's some starts 7.30. And the ones in the central and west there, I start who got away knows when they start. When he works like an hour. Now the good news is next Thursday, we got a Marlin Game of the clock and the Wednesday and then we got another Marlin Game of the clock. That's the good news. WDQA and intellectual line. Hello. I got sent a Brian Wilson up by Polar Bear. Okay, that's good. That was very good. I was sent to the best of two. We did a lot of time. That was very good. In fact, let's talk to our friends that were Montenity Bear. They may have come up with the by Polar Bear for a little Brian, a big Brian kind of Chubby. WDQA, I am hello. Yeah, I can speak to Neil, please. Speaking. I need a lot of what's going to detail is, so we need to get all the phone records. My boss got mine. I'm going to fail with his door. I'll probably go, I'm glad to hear that. I'm delighted to hear it. So how was she? I wonder if Greg knows about that. What was your job? 560, 50560, five60, if a rising up? Yeah, this is how I'm doing from now on. This is what I'm doing. What do you mean? Once in a while, when the mood strikes me, I have a little interlude here. On the phone. Oh, that. Okay. Well, you said interlude. I didn't know what you're talking about. Just a little interlude. Like how it would be. I've never done anything. He's having to do with somebody. Yeah, rude. And crude. W2AM, hello. Jesus Christ and Dougie Stau Mary. I think you said. Sir, 2AM, hello. QAM. W2AM, hello. Joy's fit chair when I'm not stomping puppies. If I'm high heels. W2AM, hello. That was joy. That was joy. That was joy. W2AM, hello. I'm sure she wears sensible shoes. QAM. Neil. Nice to meet you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're a rocker and you're brain about jobs. I think the example you were looking for. I think he's still marching with an FH. No. No. I've got to be a close second. No, I'm not even the ballpark. All right. Neil. Okay. Thanks. Nice try. That was going on in that guy's life. He's got to get you. No. He said that was one of our best calls we've had in the week. That guy. I see that's why we don't get the intellectuals because when one of them calls like that guy, who's got some really important information to pass along, you guys are trash them. Just because you're uptight. You know, things can don't be thin skin in this business. Okay. You're ready to take all the abuse they're really heat on. You look where you are, man. Look where you are. Oh, and I should tell you this. You know, the four cheese sauce. Remember I was talking to you about cheese sauce? Yeah. Man. When I got home last night from a nice winning night at Woodbind. We're getting that good machine. I should go back and pat that machine on the side and say, good machine. Good machine. That was good. And I made some of my whatever that room feels pasta. And I made what I did is brown my ground beef. And then I smeared some of that four cheese sauce over it. He grilled your bread beef. And I put a whole bunch of, you know, of all of slices. Can't all of slices in it. Oh, man. I'm in some nice fresh craft parmesan cheese. You know, I know you hate craft. I know this is a craft you hate. It's craft. I hate to bad. They know they're parmesan. They're even Mr. Ego. It also is good parmesan. Pretty pleasing at parmesan. What? You tell me that craft. They'll make good parmesan cheese on your craft. They'll make it with anything. Craft? Right. I did. 1257 at 5.16. But you can speak out of the by poor bear. I like that idea. Today's Thursday. I bet there are a lot of you guys haven't even thought about. Mother's Day yet. Well, what are you waiting for? Man, time is running new. This Sunday is Mother's Day. There's still time. Make it seem like you put a lot of thought into that gift. By sending an original little herbante de berym Brian Wilson would like to hug it and squeeze it. Sending a bird gram is so much more personal and fun than flowers and monta de berym's last forever. They're even glad and teed for life. You can only get them. I call you friendly bird counselor 1-800-829 bear or shopping online at Vermonttidybird.com. Your mom will laugh again. A beautiful bear. Taylor just for her delivered with a free card. Grooming car. And a gift card in a colorful box. The puppy Taylor bear just for her like the nurse bear. The teacher. The business woman or gardening bear. La prostitute the bear. So she'll know you put some real thought in your gift. They've been having a fun new bear foot in pregnant bear for those moms to be. Check out the new all-american mom dressed in a patriotic sunrise holaia. A little piece of apple pie. And for our new mom as boys I'll throw you a medicine to mama's voice. Bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo on his arm. And dad's every year it's your job to get your wife to give them the kids. And why not come up with a mother and cubset. A perfect idea. And as many cubs as needed they'll abort your kids' names right on the outfits. Have a bear delivered to the office tomorrow so she can bring to all her coworkers. What a real munch. You might be. Works like magic. So call her 1-800-829 bear or shop right online at Vermonttidybird.com. Send the creative alternate to flowers from others day by calling 1-800-829 bear 1-800-829 B-E-A-R-B-Sherons on the chronic old meal Tony Nicole. This is meal Roger. Oh god! This is 5-16-2-8-2-8-2. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Now that Nick is gone, who will fill the void in Jessica's heart. Find out on MTV's new remom with Jessica Simpson. I'm adapting a child because a baby is like a little angel flying down from heaven, flashing its wings like a tiny buffalo. Jessica speaks candidly about being a single mom. Right now I'm a family of 1 and a baby would make us a family of more than 1. Anyway, I heard you should breastfeed but what's better to come breast for 10 of us? And cheers reviews on child rearing. I'll be rearing. Wait, that's for the diaper good, right? Plus Jessica has some essential safety tips. It's really important to like not drop your baby on a tad. Unless it's a family tradition. Like in my family. I'm gonna run with Jessica Simpson right after Pimp my stroller. Only on MTV. Oh yes, I'll start out there for a Pimp. All right, that's where America's at. It's hard out there for a Pimp who won American Idol. All right. Praise convicted of murdering not here's the whole story. I mean, we headed on there for you like probably before even across the street headed on, you know? Reverend Gerald Robinson, hey, Fala. A priest was convicted in Toledo yesterday of stabbing a woman campground to death as she prepared for Easter services at a hospital 26 years ago. A murder prosecutor who's say was steep in religious ritual. Were you aware of that? I was not. But sister Margaret Ann Paul was a stand 31 times to an altar clock with the punctures forming an upside down cross. Her killer then anointed her with a smudge of her blood on the forehead to humiliate her in death Prosecutor said. He smirtered. Reverend Gerald Robinson, now 68, it worked closely with sister Paul at the Mercy Hospital Chapel, who her body was discovered April 5, 1980. He had been an early suspect that he wasn't charged until two years ago. He's attorney's argued that the nuns underwear and fingernails had traces of DNA that wasn't from Robinson and that there were no one's place Robinson to crime. Prosecutor of the United States had a robinson at a strange relationship with it on a strict taskmaster and that he had reached a breaking point with her that day. The jury deliberated for six hours before finding him killed the emirter and the judge immediately sentenced him to the mandatory term of 15 years to life in prison. Robinson who was priest-collar throughout the trial had no visible reaction as the verdict was ready. He just had the same icy BDI look. Did he? Yes he did. After where the court were deputy handcuffed him behind his back and let him away. It actually says he's here leading him away and a CNN website and leading him away. Let us help think in close to the trial it brings some measure of healing for all those affected by the case as well as for our local church leathered Blair, Bishop of the Toledo Disi said in statement that Disi's is remained steadfast in the work of the church and ministry throughout the trial in Yadi, Adiati and a partridge in her 13 don't stop donating that money. The verdict came after nine days of testimony in which witnesses like they sort shaped letter opener Father Robinson's room with the nuns wounds and blood stains found at the altar club a cover to body. The case relied heavily on forensic evidence because prosecutors presented no direct evidence of Robinson kills his to Paul. What did he's kind of sister gene? The dance in machine, my sheen. I'll check. You think sister gene is a good dance in my sheen? Anyway sister Paul was caretaker the hospital's chapel. Two forensic experts testified that a dime-sized medanity with the image of the West capital on the letter opener occurred to be the source of a faint stain on the altar club. This sounds like the shroud of turban all over again. I wonder if Jesus' post was on it? An opinion of the police is that he was arrested in April 2004. Robinson said he was stunned when he walked into the chapel and the hospitals other chaplain accused of murder. Murderer! During his watch to take during the trial also saw how Robinson looked alone in the small room for a few minutes. Full of his hands began to whisper in a barely audible voice. He whispered the word sister. And then prayed again with his head bowed at one point saying, Oh my Jesus. Now he's probably thinking about some altar boy. Oh my Jesus. That's not it. Oh my Jesus Christ. Yeah, that's it. So there you go. They want to see him for a while. And of course poor father, gay kid man, they put him on the inside there and blasted and they took care of him. They took justice in their own hands. They don't like those kind of guys on the inside. Okay. I'll get organized here now. Okay, I've got all kinds of stuff flying off the my machine. I mean just flying out of there. And I'm sure that the audience are like handover fisting it on those websites. Don't you think? I'm sure they're asking that right now. And what's the other thing we put on there? I want to of course the Stephen Colbert thing. Right. Which hopefully they'll have better luck played at them. Some of them. They're going to have any problems. It's right above Josh's goofy picture there. And it's right. It's right below the pool. Stephen Colbert, the White House Square Spongebob, it's dinner. I'm clicking right now. Okay. I said hopefully they'll have better luck than it was in me. I clicked it. It's buffing and there it is. Hopefully they'll have a better internet connection that we do here. I understand, but I'm just telling you. I got the good stuff. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? I'm down to the groaning we've been running by. 165 votes, baby. Then they'll imagine they're totally their 165 votes. CNN pulled release yesterday, may continue the anxiety for the GOP. Good. All of the Democrats. I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It is. Most of them are so lame, you know. Yeah. Sure. I'd never cross with a 14 point advantage over the Republicans. I'm registered and voters asked their preferences. And this year's midterm elections. I'm going to tell you, I'd never cross the country when control of both houses of Congress and the fall. And then they'd do impeach this bunch, not just Bush for Cheney and Rumsdale the whole bunch of men. Put a while on trial. Send the Nuremberg and let's have the Nuremberg trials. That's a good place for Nazis. The poll conducted by CNN, uh, opinion research corps found that 52% of respondents who registered voters said they leaning toward voting for Democrat. Only 38% they were a really intranet Republican. 10% didn't know how they were leading, leaning. Bill Widdlers was singing lean on me and they said no, will pass. Among all Americans, the poll found 50% lean toward Democrats. 37% Republicans and 3% in saying to vote for non-missivity candidates. 10% had no opinion as always. 46% of respondents said they believed things were going well. 53% said they felt things were going badly. And that's interesting because all these polls they keep taking. Just the other day, 73% said the country was on a wrong track. And it was also CNN Gallop and whatever. The five best things are going well, but we're just on a wrong track. You understand that? We're supposed to be a deliminal, but we're a forceman's park. Or some crap like that. I don't know. I don't get it. But then we'll fill the window. Flawing trees caused by brush fires, forcing indefinite closure of a 12-mile stretch of eye, 95, the East Coast Main Traffic Guard. We smoke from several fires around the status caused periodic morning closures, but Florida Highway Patrol Trooper Kim Miller said, I don't any file will be closed from port orange to edgewater. For at least several days is crews work to clear the debris. What's happened is that the root bulbs that burn so the trees are now unstable in a foggy of the roadway. And I'm going to tell you two things. Whoever we know the story about the Boofo goes. It was some Jack-asset University of Miami-Sans Department. And they got lucid here for one of our greats of the early day brown from South America. And some of the crates like toppled in the Everglades in the reproducing like rabbits. And that's why you get your Boofo to a full-ever who ever brought Malah lucatries, which I think are from Australia and Australia. Now Australia. Whoever brought them to Florida ought to be dead. And probably is, man, I just puker from that Malah lucat. God, he got any. See, that was about the only good thing that happened from Hurricane Wilma. He's not all the Malah lucat down. At least most of them. The bad thing is that once all these fires started around the state that they're, because they burn real fast, you know. That's a long good way to get rid of them, though. Burner. Florida Highway Patrol Captain Robert Duncan told that a ton of beach news journal was going to be a good news journal. This is a pain in the butt truck, Robert David Gaffman, a Bammatul and Newsjurin lines about an hour to my trip. It's a pain in the butt. The Newsjurin reported took 11 days to clear a similar problem on I4 in Florida in 2001. 84 wildfires will stir or still burning in the state today. And more than 30,000 acres of corn in the state to be in another good reason to say out of Florida. What I'm forest fire. He even spoke to the bear. He's tired of it. He's had it. Right to your this story. Oh, hey, hey, wait before that. I got a pretty good pond here today. It's good thing is I'm all through the calls. Except this one. QAM. Hello. Hey, I don't. Okay, sir. Listen, I too. I'm very suspicious of the whole 911 thing. And I've seen loose change in there. I think there's really good points that are. I think there's some really good points that are brought forth by the creators, especially I think the most intriguing and trouble for me was the Pentagon situation. Yeah. I'm not even even already. Billu-shades is looking around. You've planned. You've planned. Where is the plane? You know, we're. I think I think there are some very valid points that are brought forth. But by the same token, I think everyone should be even minded about it. I'll give you an example of why. So the world trade center is the fact that you brought forth earlier today. We're correct in that. The seal would be. What have to be at temperatures of about 2000 degrees to melt. But what's important to understand is that the building would not lose its structural integrity by the steel melting. The building would lose its structural integrity by the steel weakening. And the fuel that was using that building loses 70 to 90 percent of its strength at only 1000 degrees for 15 minutes. So while it is possible that 2000 degrees would be required to melt the seal. If you had temperatures that exceeded 1000 degrees, which is very possible in a fire, like at the WTC for 15 to 20 minutes. What about the thing about the other building? The building that wasn't even hit by any other thing. Again, like I said, I think there are a lot of good points that are brought forth. But when people say things like the seal would have had to melt for the deal with buildings that's the last that should simply not be changed. Yeah, I mean, let me also ask you this. What about the other explosions? You see, if you saw loose changes, you see those other explosions saying, Yes, I am. Many of the many floors below where the main fires were going out, where the planes are the buildings. What was that all about? There's there's there's evidence or not evidence, but the people in the change is at the point that those are explosions that were set in order to bring the building down. Correct. I'm not refuting that that's very powerful. But it could be, it could be other things as well. The other thing, what are you saying? What could it be? It could have been windows that were blowing out and you're just simply seeing debris that's coming out the window. It's just, again, I'm not saying that there are... The road they rear were fire. I think they rear doesn't cause fires. I think there definitely should be an investigation into it by an independent agency. I'm just saying that you have to take other things to consideration. Everything that the people on loose change brings forth is not that just that everything the government brings forth. Right, that. So it's just important to keep that in mind. Okay. Thank you. You can't keep it in mind, and I still believe it's so, you know. So this is point is it's going to be skeptical. I agree with that. I'm taking it all face by. You want to, I don't buy everything that they're saying. But to fact it matter. Is there an awful lot of questions to be asked? Right. And I'm loving commission as usual. It's just a rubber stamp and a white wash. That's all it was. Right. Anytime you got the government investigating itself, you got a real tourist baby. You're going to get a pack a lot. Especially this bunch. How's that oil? Two. How's that big tube? Can we go hook up to the oil? It's getting more comfortable all the time. And how's that good friends in Dubai doing? Do we do we do we? How they doing? See, that's where the investigations ought to go. Man, the bushes haven't been laden. That's what it's all about. The bushes in the, the Saudis. All these illicit relationships. The George Herbert Walker Bush won. Right. Right. The Carlisle group, which just happened to be meeting that morning on 9.11. I think was a business deal gone bad part of it. I think that may have had some to do with it. And what was banned our Bush discussing with your president two days after with it. And how come all the Ben Laden family got flown out there? So many questions just begging for answers. And the week the politicians, you know, a couple of them asked him questions and open up a mouth. And that was here to that. Like Richard Clark, anybody seen him lately? No. Some of the other guys that wrote the books, right? All of a sudden they disappeared. 14 after one, if I was 16, when you come, we got a, oh, we got a pressure pack to the sixth 30 baby. We got a, back to back with. What more could a grown man want a cry about? You know, once again, everybody's seen the pinch of the gas pump. The good folks had dialed a mattress. 1 800, my fist want to help you through this. And by the way, thank you again, Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices. It's a gas. Donald, my fist is offering you a free tank of gas. Here's how it works. You just take the full amount of any gas receipt after your next mattress up to 10% of the purchase. You spend 35 bucks at the gas pump. Take 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 or more. Spend 50 bucks at the pump. Take 50 bucks off any purchase of 500 dollars or more. You'll need your gas receipt to say the cash. Why the hell would you want to drive all over the town? Wasting that expensive gas and getting worked up into a sweat when you can just make that one easy call. Skip them all on furniture stores and so-called giant cinematrice business. Call 1 800 mattress right now and save. And as always, you get to choose the day and time you're delivering when it's convenient for you. You'll pick the two hour one or seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. when you call. Donald mattress 1 800 mattress. You'll choose from the areas largest inventory of brand name mattresses. Seely and surrah. Simmons and King Coral. 10 per p.m. It's a fast to hear what. Call 1 800 mattress right now or log on to mattress.com. 1 800 mATTRES. Leave off the last S because it stands for sabers and shaggy. Sabers and spokesmen. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. Canada! I got your breath so beautiful. Tonight, only on the Amish channel. It's high speed thrills on the old new world while this buggy chase is. Then stay tuned for an Amish Channel exclusive. Jeremy, I am. It's 12 o'clock. You want to know? The finalists of the Grand National Beer Growing Championships. Followed by Barn Raging USA. They all begin tonight at 8 p.m. Central with World Wilders Buggy Chases. Only on the Amish Channel. Sir, step out of the buggy plate. I'm asking up a minute that the Amish are in here. I heard the Amish are in here. Oh yeah. What? Nobody wants to be the Amish. Of course they didn't bother that. And they came up with the radio and I was right. I didn't want them to do that. Maybe the Amish will make special distancing just for this show. What do you think? No. They can listen to the radio. They just can't open. Oh, maybe they can listen to somebody else's radio. Everything. No. That's kosher. I said you're psychic powers. It's starting like a transfer. It's probably not a lot. Crispy-queen doughnuts in case of worded franchise rights to a co-weighty restaurant company, the Americana group. That's great. In co-weight? I'm an agreement Americana group has threw up on a hundred crispy cream locations in Egypt, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and other locations in the region. The first location scheduled to open in Kuwait this fall, crispy cream, which by the way in the States is going down the tubes. Cube! Because people are realized that it's bad for you. I mean, once you, you can't even only three. The word of its website, huh? You can't even only three boxes. I mean, don't get me wrong. I love them. But I don't want to. I don't want to. Because once I start. Or, you're going to die with you. See? God is punishing me now. Go to his website, the Americana group operates some 650 restaurants in low-release to-and-country. It's other brands include, oh my God. Well-known US brand such as KFC, Hardies, and Pizza Hut. The companies get more than a billion dollars in annual sales. So, every way you go into wordmatters, Pizza Hut, everywhere. And they got the pizza of expense, where you get just a slice. We're looking forward to introducing crispy cream in the hot dough and transparent shoark and super-py of temper. extremely fun games. Every year by now izalahski a toco and a Boa pie. Huh? Basically, there's business out there, right? Do you still explain about what you do in this organization? Because you're just starting to see the legacy of a virus. Of a Marsdan, that they don't even really think you are ready to go in. And a lot of people are asking me to look up whether or not a monsters or ship or an appreciation and the guarantee you have conducted in. on conures. You're thinking of how these spaces worked and they railroad him a few years back yes but he's not on there. Cheryl, can I look at it again see if I missed out? I think he should. I think he should. Then it's a little bit harder. And then they have evolved. It's fair. Okay well it's easy to do because they're alphabetical order. So I have to take like a long pond of a song of the dance. He didn't do it. Well let me just see. I'll see are you want me or no? Didn't sign it. Jesse Jackson Jr. signed it. Illinois. He's pretty good Jesse Jr. He's an jackass like his daddy. He's good. And I'm glad that why did they haul all the records away right away? No inspection or our analization were done. Normally they don't take every spectacrate airplanes and put them back together until they do that. Yes they do. Yep. I've had a sob and recycle by now. Now I'll look at his spreads. It's seen when it catches fire. Oh god, it's a Jane. So like I said, it was bad because it's spread it's seed. Ooh man. Just like it was polygamous in Utah or spreading their seed. Yeah it's really interesting that all of a sudden now that's the big and other one is big topics to do. Sure that immediately just discover like that something new. Oh god that TV series knows. So what is that? It's on the date line? No. It's on HBO right after spread is. Why? A TV series about a polygamous family. Get out of here. Oh see a TV series about polygamous. A TV series about the stuff they do on date line about child molesters and polygamous. Because that seems to be the thing that sure that they do with the new things. They make for little girls and little boys that's spread around. But they they're doing everybody. They're only in the kitchen. See if it's done out of the name of religion. It's okay. So the father tool said, speaking of religion, we're not going to put Amish on there. Nobody wants to be that. I put it on there. Anyone. Well good to read. It was good. Yeah, well good. So you can't all the Amish. They have good food like what? Oh well everything they make is homemade. And there's a famous for it like there. Yeah but they don't have to have everything you name it. They're turkey, they're apple pie. All the traditional fair. They're supposed to be a little apple guy. They're about punky. Just think when all you can do for fun is eat. You mean what about the Quakers? No no from Quakers. Richard Nixon was not to take Quake and shake their pacifists. The, uh, I'll lower Nixon I guess forgot about that part of it. You want to put the Quakers on there? Come on. You ever have Quaker Roads? Sure. Just the one. There you go. You did? No. Oh thank God. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, those kind of breakfast. Well, you know breakfast series are all poisoned anyway. You know, yeah, all of them. And they got all these ads. They're the one that really sends me right to the window of screaming like Howard Bill is the one for Cheerios about going to lower your cholesterol. Yeah, you should live so long. Okay. Keeping like tons of Cheerios is going to lower your cholesterol. All right. We'll send your blood sugar skyrocketing, give you diabetes, but other than that, it's going to lower your cholesterol. All right. The stuff, the crap that they let them get away with. Because they're all getting paid off. You know, that's the FDA. Look all these drugs. If you know if you're watching, wow, air has been going on a long time. Every newscast, man, every other spot is for some drug over the counter drug. Most of the prescription drugs ask your doctor for forlorn the blank, you know, right. Some other drugs are going to like put you in an early grave, but make a lot of money for some grave robber. Like those great Nazis at the bear. I'm sorry, probably an early grave robber. 116 votes on the pool of what we're pretty proud of your parents didn't indoctrinate you. What religion would you have chosen? Agnostic 287. Atheist 239. He's an atheist. Oh, I hate this pool 193. Buddhism 125. Catlick 73. Jewish 71. And then way on down is a big drop off after the Jews. Generic Christian 34. I mean, what kind of good cuisine they got? Born again, Christian 31. Well, you know, I've been in all those stupid waitfers. What have they eaten? Or they don't do that. Just the Catholics do that. Everybody eats something. But the Catholics have an experience with father Gagan said. Oh waitfers. Say it tells you 20. I think those are the people you're talking about. You're fair. Oh my god. What are you going to do about it? You're fair. Islam 9. Sick. We got, let's see. I mean, we got 8 horse sick. We want to be sick. Mormon 7. 78. Reddest 5. In fact, if you want to be six, just keep listening from two to six during today. 7th day, Adventist 5. Hinduism 2. Jehovah's Witness 2. And Amish just went on. I don't think Amish is going to go over real big. You know what? It looks like. Huh? Well, what do these people now? First, you have to change your last name to Yoder or Hastilware. Okay. You know that? No. Those are probably two of the most tougher names in. I don't know about Pennsylvania. I'm just putting in like in the end where they got to the big Amish communities. Yoder and Hastilware. Yoder? Any of whom? Huh? Yoder? Yeah, Yoder. Many of whom are into harness racing by the way. Like Vernon Hotliver and Hastilware. Whatever's name. Well, other sense because they grew up with those burning horses, man or our horses. Whip them and beat them in the snack on them to lay fall down. And then hook them up to the old milk wagon. 27 after one if I like chicken figure. 27 past one a QA and met a melding pot. But this isn't just another meal man. This is something really unique and delicious and fabulous. Fondue gets turned into a memorable four-course dining experience and you're going to be dipping in ducking and all kinds of delicious goodies. Enjoy a variety of unique, contrast special melding pot dipping sauces too. Search your dinner with a melding pot's renowned cheese fondue. Don't forget to cheese. Serve with three different breads, grannies, mithapples and crisp veggies. Next to your choice is salads. All of the melding pots. In fact, when you go to the melding pot, I'm sure you guys figured out the other night. It's kind of a lengthy experience because yes it is. You know, not just a quick meal in and out. It's like a long series of great things, all of my standing. The salads all have the melding pots homemade dressings. And then your on-phrase include lobster and filet mignon shrimp, tajan season chicken, pork, photo ball or shrooms duck and more cooked in oil or broth, whichever you like. And those melding pot dipping sauces are just beyond belief. And then of course for dessert, the piece of resistance that the end of the meal, the chocolate fondue, is something like, was sending you into orbit. In fact, even the amoslums would go nuts for their forget. They'll pass on the versions and take the chocolate fondue. Dip your fresh strawberries, bananas pineapple, all your favorite fruits. Cheesecake, grannies, topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled across Oreos and grand crackers in that chocolate. And even, phatso, even though down deliveries would be pleased. The melding can you just see those guys? Oh boy, having a feast. The melding pot in a four-lovered-day-all-core spring's book and worth and the victory for some in Kindle and Don't Forget, all South Florida melding pot restaurants will be opening on Sunday Mother's Day of One Clock. Reservations are filling our face so if you want to take mom for a real treat that you'll never forget. Put a big smile on her post, take mom for the melting pot for Mother's Day on Sunday. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. It got those chocolate pants. Push out the whole Arab world. Really mad. He's got the whole Arab world. Really mad. He made the whole Arab world. Really mad. Push out the whole Arab world so mad. Those prisoners were treated. Really bad. They made them strip naked for a photograph and all of those soldiers. Has a laugh it made the whole Arab world so mad. Stay sad or rack with all right. In our lap, but now it's nothing but a trap George Bush and his crummies are for the craft he made the whole Arab world so mad. There's a bunch of grieving widows that feeling sad and a lot of little children. Have no dad that this far has turned out. Really bad. He's a whole Arab world so mad. That's a ludicrous suicide farmer. In a rack with a bunch of TNT strapped to his back. And when an ex-photic father. I'm dying on the hands. Anyway, here's another rest story from that website, you know. ST9 11.org. Okay, if you're falling body, simple physics reveals the big lie. collapsed theory fails reality check. Way too long for me. Even me to a read too long of fondress. But I just put it on our website for tomorrow. If I got to call anybody else, might be interested. I think that the very well would be monks that whole concept of what, you know. Anyway, or maybe not in his mind. He was a good car though. At least he, you know, an IQ larger than his little pinky. Right? Right. That website is great. Thanks again, Spencer. That obviously is not expensive. The car washed guy. Buying Q-tips to fight terror. This is in the Arizona Republic. Arizona Public Safety agencies have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in federal grant money on equipment. They are not certified to use to pay or to pay for projects with only a 10-year-old mental health man security. With little initial guidance and flush with money after the 9-level attacks, police and fire departments stay wide in Arizona businesses. Short of budget short falls in brought the vault things like ATVs, Q-tips, and $50,000 worth of binoculars, but nearly $178 million dollars in Homeland Security Department grants. But you got to have those binoculars so you can see those terrorist gun. That's right. And they have to get the Q-tips to clear out your ears real good. So you're going to hear when you're tapping those phones, even in the conversation clear. Despite what once a small town official described as a spending frenzy, many local officials managed to put the money towards security priorities, sure I got a communications buying better protective gear for police and firefighters, and purchasing mobile command sent is for emergencies, but there's always a big butt. In Arizona Republic review of thousands of pages of records and receipts found at some local governments made many questionable purchases under the guise of Homeland Security, including $38 leather wallets for all capital police officers, and a $47 hat bag for the police chief. Oh, I'm going to have a bag. She won. Many small cities and towns that are unlikely targets for terrorist attack receive disproported amounts of money, often more for capital and Phoenix Tucson or Mesa. That's his facts. We get back to that in a second. Carl says, oh, Rastafin area. Rastafirriere. Rastafirriere. Rastafirriere. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Rastafirriere. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. Furi. I really just flew to the moment of originating in Jamaica, Monde, in 1930s, that basted stock around slogans from the Bible, and regards Ethiopia as the promised letter, Haley Celacis, the Messiah with many members of advocating nonviolence and rejecting materialism. George would definitely love this religion. Puff and puff and past the weed mine from another Jamaican Carl. Well, I can say that Carl is. Raman. I can say. And he said by the outset of the part of my machine, oh, here's another one of Moneys, Reverend Tacamone. Right? Want to put that on there? I mean, yeah. It is a name where ridiculous or can try to answer other business religions. Tacamoneys. Okay. Consider this, heal account is $92,000 to rent planes, snowmobiles, and a horse to create more accurate assessor maps. Meanwhile, local law enforcement would not protect the mass because of its expensive acidified. The police chief in whole worker is on a population 51 hundred was approved to spend $40,000 for a video surveillance system to monitor potential terrorist targets, including a part of water tower and intersections. Oh, God, if they come again, it's going to be whole worker is on. I can feel it. Can't you? I feel so even that or penny end New York, one or the other. Apache County, but it doesn't six x six 18,000 more than 11,500 each while local fighter power relied on 20 year old air packs for its firefighters. State officials responsible for administering the federal funds said personnel sure to just let the tax oversight and poor tracking initial years, but they also said they followed federal guidelines that are pro-personsless, and it made improvements since 2003. They find a way to add more staff and it goes on and on son or website, buying qtips to fight terror. That would do it. Get those Johnson and your Johnson man, those qtips. They've only once it make qtips. No, lots of people do. I never seen any of the qtips. I've got a big box with these wise, shove that those qtips in my earlice. We've been a fanciful with you. We've been saying a song in the dance about hydrogen peroxide. I don't think it did damn thing. Anyway, my ears are wide open. My shoulder is great. I'm ready to take on a world. There's your buddy, Lou Dobbs, broken borders. I'm broken record. Oh god. You know, you do it a fine job, Lou, but have got something different once or more. See a different song. You know, not always tie yellow ribbon around the old oak tree. Something a little different. Please. Just once. Just this one time. Come on, Lou. 119 votes on a pool. Oh no. Convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff, may have met with President Bush the same day that Bush nominated one of Abramoff's former colleagues to be assistant secretary of labor, according to Ross story. I don't believe it. He said President Bush and I, and of course we got the secret service. Our cover-up a whole bunch of the meetings. Well, I don't know if he'll get to that. FEMA's ground discounted, Livy Breach reports after Katrina hit. Managers sentenced for Rhode Island nightclub fire. We didn't care about that, do we? No, we all heard it. Okay. We heard it. The other major news. Now, President Bush announced his intention on a Patrick Pazella, who worked with Abramoff at his former law firm, President Gates Ellis, and Rufeloss Meads. I don't know what that is. The same day, Abramoff paid a visit to the White House Court of Secrets Service Record release yesterday. But like I said, the Secrets Service like said, he only visited twice, and they covered up a whole bunch of other Abramoff visits because they're obviously on the take too. On March 6, 2001, Abramoff entered 423 PM, lasted 449 PM. According to Cox News Service which obtained the records from the government watched, do Dishaw Watch. A White House press release shows that Bush nominated Patrick Pazella the very same day. Yes, the coincidence when you think, I'm sure it was. The President tends to nominate Patrick Pazella to be assistant secretary of labor administration and management, the release said he's presently the acting chief of staff at the office of personnel management, and previously was a government affairs rep with the law firm of President Gates Ellis and Rufeloss Meads and Gates. Pazella is the only Abramoff associate to remain in a senior Bush administration post. David Saphavian also worked with him, and often was a rest of the last year. After allegations he was obstructing government service to Gates to the Avaroff case. Saphavian had been Bush's top procurement officer overseeing theater $300 billion annually in federal spending. His lawyer is previously told Ross story he'll be cleared of the charges right. And the role traits of his gonna pop up again, however we can, money money will be there just like for a minute. Right? Right. Just like magic. Magic tricks. Twenty-two speaking of magic tricks. We're like, wait that one over Geldies vocal cords over his voice boxing. By luck 230's gonna sound like this. Don't you think? It's Geldies. He's gonna sound like Westbrook van Voorhees. Who's the one at Boko Bronson's net bit chicken that he says I ain't no, oh, Ed Hurley. Oh yeah. What commercial is Ed Hurley he used to do? What I'm wondering, did you say you hate what company? Craft. Right. Ed Hurley used to do the crafts box. I mean, I mean, I mean, I like many other things. I over dead, no. He is, then probably because he ate too much. I don't eat that. Any other? Well, clogged. Twenty-two, two, if you have a fierce and garst poker, I'd like to keep back with a good premium brand. What am I getting soaked up about? See his reigning like hell all day today? And I think that in that's the place that Kyrwally pollutants out of the air, right? Maybe it's spreading them around like those malalucatries spreading their seed like the Muslims. If you're a cigar smoke, you'd like to keep back with a good premium brand and be he a cigar as by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with the first grade tobacco process they've lived up to 10 years, but he has a real motix cigar maker. They specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold of flagship blankets and 91 rating by cigar fish, never cigar and sighted. That's pretty damn high. And 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well-balanced full-body nickel rock wine cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors too. Also, try their behavior to save the hottest release of the garage last ten months. This one gets a rating a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and numbers cigar and cider. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-body with additional spice and a note of charred wood, I think you've seen seven it was babies before. I know I am. For a South Florida tobacco listener by Ulogon the Bihia cigars.com or call their toll free number. 1-800-35 by here. That's 1-800-35BA-8-I-A. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. All the socks. That's all you need. Just live there more than on the show. Here I see number one she's telling herself. When in his age, you're part of the cold. Tom Cruise doesn't knock on all his. Did you see Tom Cruise on old boat? Tom's on the couch and broke down on the floor. In two minutes on him for the night. Good start and do it is crazy this show. Tom Cruise is getting kind of old. And now he's gone up that arcade of old days. He's been a atomic through. He's got to keep her on the cruise control. Tom Cruise doesn't knock on all his. Tom Cruise is getting kind of old. Tom Cruise is getting kind of old. I mean this is an important thing. I'm going to talk about it. And in addition to what he's talking about the tapping calls and others about Al-Qaeda, I thought Al-Qaeda was a finished man. I thought we were going to go and talk about their holes. They should have told him. I thought we got the job done. Mission accomplished. We didn't get anything done. Got the price of the world. Who's stuff is over 73 bucks a barrel again today in New York. The powerful Hollywood friends of Tom Cruise rally was defensive. Today is a new poll. The actors are behind the scenes. The months may have cost him millions of dollars at the box office. You're fair. These actors are a movie mission impossible. Open to lower than expected domestic ticket sales. A USA Today Gallup full shows Cruise's star power has dim considerably during the past year in the eyes of the public. All right. It really tired of the very stalact. You know, given lectures to a Matt Lawron today and hop it up and down like a Mexican jumping being on Ocaro, bitching out poor Brook Shields. You know, given her a song in advance. Running her mouth like some kind of a drug expert. I'd like to know what kind of drugs he's used. Mr. Scientology. I love them. I wanted to think of the E-me to rub his. I wouldn't be the first thing. I'll give her to you that. That's a major. I'm a hero. Uh, poll of a thousand thirteen adults conducted over the weekend in film open and theaters. 35% of the federal opinion of Cruise. Well, 51% of an unfair opinion of Tom Cruise. I'd like that. And all these phony marriages and these phony kids. He's supposedly making get out of here. Nobody's buying it. You know, right. Jesus God. That's a major turnaround from last year when Cruise is previously more. The world's open and the poll ratings were 58% plus and 31% negative to rate. You were seeing a day we've ported that Cruise's popularity client with women was especially sharp, slipping from a 50% percent favor rating in 2005 to a 35% now. A poll prompted a concerted defense by Cruise supporters who insisted the actress popularity in standing is one of Hollywood's most vacuable stars was un- diminished. Yeah, Cruise supporters, in other words, all the other scientists. Tom Cruise is one of the most important stars ever in the motion picture of Venice, Universal Studios present Ron Myra, close friend and former agent, told rotors. Close friend and former agent, that's a thing. I don't know anybody who's had the consistent success rate at the time as nobody should be counting him out. Maybe forcing him out but not counting him out. Dragon him out. Get him out of the closet, okay? Yeah. Even our Kelly can't get him out. Major and possible, three-grow out of my record of that. Supporters, Chauves, and O'snet that comes in as if commercial showing was a disappointment. Saying the $70 million overseas received suggested, hey, well, not on Romeo. Just like Michael Jackson took him a little bit a lot longer to get on to him. The US, USA today said that many of its survey respondents said that Cruise's behavior during the past including his blunt criticism of psychiatry and act as a brief shield treatment for postpartum depression for their waning impression of him. It's waning at Tom Cruise's house. Cruise also became the butter count as jokes for his manic couch-hopping appearance out over last May to declare his love for homes. I'd love for you, believe me? No, we still aren't buying it. You faggot get off the couch, check ass. But one associate of this book on Canisja Man and the Committee who values his life, said any star has to be careful about the persona predicted offscreen. And Cruise may have become two free waning while promoting his last film in the midst of his high profile phony courtship of homes last year. I've heard to be for it as a better chance he might go after Shylaath homes than Katie Holmes. I mean, you know, talk about your pushing too hard by the scenes. Talk about just trying to live into anybody buying it. It's like Bush would as business about, you know, all of his BS about just to find a warrant or every couple of weeks they come up with some new soda. Anybody buying this one? How's this trial balloon? No, not working either. Same with Tommy, man. And then the fact that they coerced him in not two in an episode again in South Park, what does that tell you? The part of the facilities that they would pair them up. All I can say is, that's that, that's that, that's that. Right. Just the facts, man. That's all we want. That's what Jack Webb would say if he was still alive. There's another TV show that's you never been made into the movie. Well, that movie didn't really happen. The time? I find it easy to pretend the movie never happened. Okay. But we were talking about that the other day. But all these other TV shows and series is that they add them to family. They make a bit of movies and then movies are big else think of it. When a bomba ground they manage suck. And of course, in those movies, the original cast members first of all probably most of them are dead anyway. But they're never in those movies. Right. The other day they're definitely the same to that would be if I know that the guy with the eyes, or close personal buddy that likes to come and see it all your appearances. He probably would go to see the cartridge family movie because they're all still alive. Right? Yeah. They are, certainly. Sure, he Jones and David Cassidy and what's your name with the Susan Bay? And don't add anybody to do to you. How much it did Danny still make closet two when surprised me? A different closet, though, been Tommy and John. So, Tommy John. In fact, maybe that's what Danny needs as Tommy John's to do. He's a talk show host now Danny going to do she. He's a lot of things. He's an idiot. What are you in? I didn't get into some kind of a deal with some hookers or something. They all do it sooner or later. He had an issue. He had some issue. They were trans, vest, tight hookers. Yeah. He's a little bit probably any Murphy region. He says his story is he got her home and didn't like what he found when he opened the package. So, he can't get a refund. This is real Rogers. This is 560K. No! It's day high, Miami town. Oh, wow! I have 560WQA. The young man of the college is mayor of the crowd. He's mayor of the crowd. So, he's a foul scientist. You're fair. He's very impulsive. He's very impulsive. Who is your lady? Who are back to the club by our team? Our grooms have gone to be the king of the league. They're all looted. When he talks down, he would expect us to follow. Tom, should go get him from the top of me. He goes his mind. He has turned into purple glow. He loves to the black hole. Since he's blipin' the cold. He's getting crazy, or bother day. He has been ready to cover. Since they're on the river. Took all of the white-jaws, braids, tells away. Tom, can you say, God of being the king of the league? What for XX? He's straight to the cycle board. He makes stupid claims and calls mad, lor bad names. He's a free out of the score, and by of day. And a night of day, clinically out of his score. Mike, you said he's got issues. Anyway, good thing I just say a little bit of time. Remember I said about the secret service? Yeah. It's doing it. The secret service is covering up the tails of White House. Business by Scandal Riddleoggy is taking ABROF. We're lacing altered records at omit visits already. Not by the White House. Kind of stupid if he has me. I'll see the service records made public yesterday. Show convicted lobby, stable off-line, full White House. Just twice in the past five years. But the White House is already admitted at least three other visits. And sources say there were many, many more. I like that. Stephen got the information at the time. Which team were we used to take a rigged dump, and all the other stuff in. Wow. Sounds like a nice juicy scandal, a name man. I think by the end of this year, the smoke is going to clear you. And right toward that, many months ago, when you were in a spa, you'd be a ghost coffee. Are you still scoffing at it? How many scoff when your buddy comes in there? Both of the clowns. He says, but he beat the one I scoff. Like when he said to me, they, well, how'd you like to do 10 a.m. to like 60 a.m. signs? Whatever it is, I'll be saying. I sound like so. Anyway, speaking of that, we got Galby standing by. Oh, he's going to be raven about the time. I was telling the course, how about those savers, man? Bye, bye, bye.