Let's just look at the Thomas Alleyوا, Google analytical game doc is one quick thing for student Howard and that is Paten 15 for 24 I'm looking at the first runway true against Pittsburgh that burned Some art routine. Yeah, it's hard. Can do it. Oh, this is gonna keep your ass It sounds like wishful thinking. That's all this a little bit for me. Yeah, right? But I think that's not that I don't think the paper is could beat Indianapolis. I mean, you know on a Perfect day. Oh, you're looking ahead. Yeah, that's right. You have to look ahead. Just like brother check was with that dolphin game You think he dumped that game. Oh, come on. We already been through this. Are you kidding me? Do I think he dumped that game everybody? So is there any doubt me? Well, everybody around the places weren't hockey jerseys today Are they really yes? Because they're bad wagons. Yeah, because what I say about how bad Saint Louis Not I think it's all family a break messy. My handsome so tired. He's just wearing a broom jersey Well, good. He probably hates Mark Messier. Shies wearing a messier jerseys. Oh, please give me a break. Has a big night last night Wow, I'm real happy for you. I didn't see one minute of it. I didn't either and I'd Totally the Panthers are case saying the was an ass and let me tell you if there were 15,800 people in that arena last night The my name is Ish Kibbibble. Okay. That was a joke. I mean, I said this they were were they were counting arms and legs They must have been I mean, you know all the meetings of the track you want with Ellen Cohen You can tell these wonderful glorious stories about the attendance is way up and I'm gonna tell you something There are just there are sections where they're like empty where there's almost no people They should have a couple of panoramic shots because it was the first game in each Deal last night all the way didn't get the edc telecast but nevertheless It was a pretty pretty slim maybe 10,000 people Yeah, they had some they were on a little bit of an upward turn there for a while not that there's any single his fans Of course, and of course a same thing will happen tomorrow, but even worse because the Columbus straight jackets I mean there's no Columbus fans and just about any work, so I think Columbus Yeah, so your close personal friend Rimworld being town Yeah, I'm right now a long time take he can take you in the George to that lunch He was gonna buy you guys He's gonna take us to lunch Just a joke, oh But Columbus really sucks sort of pants is probably when I'm thinking like four nothing or four one tomorrow night not a great restaurant town What's that Columbus? They have a with Chris there were a virtual magas. They're more fans been feeding him pretty good So I'll be last night that maybe you saw probably not though Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman and Ed What's the name? Ed Norton Ed Norton. Yeah, the human steam I haven't seen it. I missed the first half of it the front of the first half hour of it a solid rest. It was pretty good We're about a guy about a young black guy who's very very light-complicated who passes for white He's a boxer as a kid. Yeah, and then he becomes a college professor and and he got he got to where he was based in the fact that he light-all is like he pretended He was white As a boxer and then he got in the navy checked off. He was white and so he goes through life pretending he's Jewish I don't want to spoil him move it on and pull it. Let's see you get movies with Nicole Kidman in there and then there's the scene the flashback where he was a young man his other girlfriend is like full frontal No, but he's so so there. There's a hook to get some of you perverts involved pretty good movie. I wouldn't go see just to see Nicole Kidman How was he's he was very good in that though? She was good actually really oh she was great Nancy actually looked good in this movie too I know that's shocking, but she looked pretty good. Speaking of not looking good there was a little article today about did you see what that That Russian The guy is here in off ski said about condolese rice. No, I do not condoleseer condoleseer no, I didn't see it said that If she has no man by her side or her age You've got a problem. She needs a company of soldiers. She needs to be taken to bars where she would be satisfied. No, you know And the leser ice is a very cool offended woman Now this is not Neil talking. This is your an Oscar Russian right and He's ticked off out of why does he just come around and say she's just a hostile nasty bull like just like all None of the cafes got disciplined by in school. Let's play the original condolese and how do you say? Yeah, I guess not Even with the new management we're not gonna be playing the unispergated version of condoleseer. No, I just thought If you want to see that it's in today's daily news. I don't want to see it. Okay. I don't want to get all the press Don't want to hear about condoleseer We have bigger fish to fry. Yeah, that's Sam Alibos gonna take the court 100 yards to the right That's a living shit. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Roby Wade. Bye-bye. I think the 64 civil rights act probably go down the drain too It was getting right say very smart tactic on his part to bring his wife in here to have her cry in front of us And it oh, she's so offended and so and the best part of it is she didn't break out in tears until Lindsey Graham started defending him That was maybe that's what she was crying about Yeah Of course once he Graham luck as her I had the other day. He's one of the guys that was coaching him in the White House on how to answer the question So is that a proper that he should be sitting there on a committee and getting all the indign outrage Debott all these attacks on his character in Alisa just all a dog and pony show and Sam Biden or Joe Biden Whatever his name is this way he did changes name. Joe Biden's right. It's you know, but the waste of time Yeah, let's remember when he was running for president the first time which he's been a run again in 2008 May but you remember they were some some scandal about how he had changed his name. I remember what it was Probably something you know something in act of his like saw or been with or something like that He he always changes his mind about writing. No, he's a waffle. He's a real waffle. Yep. Him and carry And then Hillary or she's she's another one. She's leading so far to the right now that she may fall off the edge of the planets We can speak into the ice princess. No, they'd die I say let's give up another shot. That's what I'm thinking. I'm behind me. Yeah Very back given other shot at it get it right this time And we actually we had given Monica her own orifice right there in the White House Yeah, move her right in move the NRA out move Monica back in I think she's eating Europe right now Yeah, no Ariel sure won't already two the house Let's see now She's taking the leftovers and there are surprise that she runs out responding. I can't imagine why they're surprised See they lied about it after his first stroke they lied about that because of the political consequences It just these is for answer these probably dead already I mean anybody's got like a tray of 16 bagels sitting the foot away from his bedside and he's not reaching for That's nice that he could run again Yeah, well, maybe it's a cargo it was good enough for the kind Missouri What that was it his wife became the governor for a senator yep he could run one Can't walk the dead man that'd be John ascraw for senator few years ago. You remember that I know But he could run and he could run for marriage a car He can George we talked over George city can run. He just can't Try to ignore it that was really insensitive. Well, what do you expect from a little ahulio? Huh for a little spick So what's up for the weekend tomorrow tomorrow morning right nearly It's a wood vine try to get some of my money back and then Monday I have all because it's Martin Luther King day and as a result all again We're making your venture out there. I could do a lot of money this week. There's a good card It's Santa need of the moral really. Yes Tyler pays writing yeah, he ever went in other race We sure fell off the edge of the globe speaking of the race and races wow But they've got the two-year-old breeders cup winners making his three-year-old debut tomorrow Murm Griffin source Murm Griffin's got a horse huh? Yeah a good one. Hey Murm you fair Yeah Who's he kidding? Yeah Boy, he was a witch-co-bore sister was he was he was he was hooked up with a pig not with Eva was the pig Eva Eva it was a yeah, yeah, right for show correct Two for the money on three for show and anyway the whole name of the horse is Stevie Wonder boy. Oh that I'm surprised I thought we called any terial But anyway, not for that crap. Yeah. I'll say one thing man. There's a guy with no talent He reminds me of Russell Wases on a much bigger scale I got with no talent that made that struck it riffs that made big bucks They ever tasted the night when I was used to being advertising I went to a media Presentation from channel 7 whether we're showing the NBC they were gonna be see at the time For preview and Russell Wases and Joey Carr got into a fist fight at the party really Who would you report? Oh, I grew for a draw and That's hysterical. We got into a fist fight. Yeah Joey Kai dining and dancing is he still alive? No, he died good Now it's funny his brother's name was Steve Cohen and his name was Joey Carr I wonder which one she needs a name It's a me Steve Carr Right and their other brother racing car. Yeah. Oh brother Joey Carr That once bought is to the day they stick my ass in a grant and by the way that car I'll let you know what it's gonna be I'll never forget that spot dining and dancing and he's like swinging from side to say if that time was like 140 years old Joey Carr I know about one of them. One of them accused Joey. I Joey accused Russell Wases of stealing a client of it Yeah, and then we start this fight over start. We should see that Yeah, but anyway getting back to my grip and he's a good a jeopardy thing and we'll afford to here's a guy with no talent He couldn't sing he couldn't act he couldn't he played they take on the panel a little bit and I was about it And I was that song I got a lovely bunch of coconuts. That's just big here. You know novelty record And then he headed with a terrible interview where he used to like Yeah, he was just awful and then he came up with these two quick shows You guys here they are still on the air. He's still making billions off of that. I he owns a lot of good racers Yeah, I mean it's bad. Yeah, obviously they're expensive ones But he's had a couple of champions. Well, I'm real happy for him. I'll be betting on then he's too So I'm sure we does Well, so that note yeah, at least at least 10 grand tomorrow would be good for the weekend. I'll keep you going through next week I'll be fresh because I haven't played in a few days good. I'll be refrashing after a Wednesday. I'll be trying to Get a little bit of a back step in and back into my pocket. All right. Well, you have a good weekend and back to you And pretty Tuesday by the way. Don't forget happy Martin Luther King day. Oh, that's our out here Monday. You won't be that's correct. Okay. I'll talk you Tuesday Why do you fast Hey All right I go the way I'm losing my face Let's just open their eyes They're in the grass They're in the grass You'll be a dad and four to go They're in the grass They're in the grass They're living hands You'll be the one to go Anyway, I think you enjoy the human staying with Anthony Hopkins and the Nicole Kidman a lot of new to the in there like I said You didn't dread it part Mr. First-handardo, I should probably go out and get the DVD and stuff in my DVDs and then like I've come to watch tonight and then I said it to you See, it's been on the cable a bit avoiding it But why is that? Why did you avoid it? I didn't know she got naked Is it a racial thing when he was at the union of the ladies It was a very like complicated black guy? I mean, I looked up the answer to play the young Anthony Hopkins's character Whatever the young professor Mm-hmm Yeah, who's very interesting guy And he's like a Portuguese and Syrian and like about ten other different And he was born in England So even though you're telling him to say like lacking credibility with Anthony Hopkins I just wanted somebody to accent and his movie didn't have a British accent I say that's number one and number two At least as the young man he was the actor was born in England All you want to my all-time favorite session see it Yeah, you ought to see it Maybe my second favorite actor Anyway, speaking of pizza burglars See, I've come with some little bit of a lie, tell you See your rapid DIY a burglar who kicked in the back door of a restaurant must have worked up an appetite Police said the person who broke into the garden palace overnight Monday they themselves the sausage and beef pizza before they left I got to work on was my pizza oven was on said there will one delve a restaurant so my vector was busted I came back to the kitchen saw dirty dishes in my sink We cleaned up the night before and there were no dishes in the sink Well, he's the guy was polite enough to put the dishes in the sink And the dirty pizza pans he found sausage and beef He also discovered that buns pizza crust and sauce hot dogs beef and Italian sausage sandwich meat It's about eight pounds of cheese had been taken The restaurant which opened December 7 is already had three breakings He said December 7 until the 30th of January He said the first break in was on December 8th and in that case the intruder also made a pizza the second break in our Christmas Eve resultant after seven cases of muffins Maybe with Sandy claws Run delse and my menus got reasonable prices with my prices they shouldn't have to steal crash I like them A pizza burger that actually was a cook in the self of pizza while he was running off with a bunch of crap Nothing worse than a do do do do do do do do pizza burger if you ask me Twelve minutes past ten if I this Friday the 13 now what are we supposed to make it then and then? I would like to check it full moon as it gets tomorrow Wow, so boy you put those ingredients together and it's just to build really Ammoness when you think you know that means No Thomas we used to have a traffic leading named honest esivato. I've tried to think was it a lazy yeah, I'm this Wouldn't you on the show with Alistair sim on this and of course there was a traffic lady if the passing one thing I will say about packs and I'm just rambling with it. Just feel like it Yeah, uh, packs and actually ran I would be more like a business than Cox you understand remember what I was the log was fully new How to sell the show as they like they actually like to show the Except for a pack since wife of course who hated me like boys but other than that and They were like more like business like and so I see it were late a direct correlation between the transfer from Cosbro I cast into packs and I would be From the Greg we regime to have Joe Bell who's really soil and that's not even so on right? Okay, let you see what I'm saying yes I do in other words more like a wheelbinnis is opposed to like a fraternity or country club where a lot of charity cases hang on 10 13 it finds juicy WQ and so on Monday we're gonna have those erasmus tickets to you We don't don't get all whipped up today You know five-year erasmus tickets at the bank and land Accender the interwent as he that's my fault because I'm so And I have it a calling it by that name and there I guess it was a banking night at center. What is that? There's none I don't think the judgment spoke yesterday Oh, just but I said it'll be a banking at its center and The Constitution is when it's next to the 19th has next Thursday right erasmus I don't know Well, I said if I was there I'd I guess I get together with Jeff Cohen and we go out and get stone negotiate erasmus Well, I guess the convocation center is now the bank United Center where the hurricanes play Only hurricanes well that's a horse a bit of a feather. That's in date county Not even in the right county erasmus. I think going to say county can be sure that And when you're shopping for shoes where do you want to go you want to go to brand these shoes in pump But it'll be seven time you're about these folks for about 100 years now So I'll always do the smart thing and go to brand these because they have a unbeatable combination They've got the best selection of name brand shoes They make sure that you get a perfect fit because their sales holes Read no your feet and set enough and they give it a best price in town. What's not to like all the major brands are waiting for you a brand East floor shine echo rock port the fist of new balance SAS all the others and like I said Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a perfect fit every time this has for Arnie He'll take good care of and brandy's even specialize in wide width so forget as you get order your feet gets better You probably do in your feet get better as well So be sure and have them check that out Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value and selection there Absolutely Unbeatable brandy shoes 12 90 North federal highway in pop at a beach open Monday to Saturday to line Sunday still five and this week is a sensational time Even better than ordinary to buy rock for a sit brandies Visit Brandy's today in say 10 to 20 bucks off their great rock for selection only this week and only a friend these shoes in Pompino beat Is me or This is five 16 On the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be amazed You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today and Re1 in the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new Liver Men tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new You viola The next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey 16 all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm Oh Bro giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and Everybody in the studio audience get She almost died the plane crash. Oh, for you were that there's a big scare the windshield got cracked and then she She's seen the lights and she's gonna marry cinnamon because she's so feared to die in now I see try to be sure to forget too like that book club author and any rate that will get to better And because those are the only two things we ought to be concerned about is Angelina Jolie really pregnant and his Oprah's was that book a fake which for the was yeah, yeah And other really that many millions of a gullible women in America Yeah, yeah, I mean if Oprah says Cartman you're all squeezing real hard. It's just incredible you can smell it Now this story that you somebody facts in them where you just testing the fax machine or was this Yeah, that was one of the facts of the came in yesterday when I mean facts here It would be a little more interesting if it said something here about where it was but I guess it's generic It's from Yahoo News so you can't expect too much Feet this is don't count as past years when it comes to determining who may drive in a carpool lane a judge rule judge somewhere in the USA Candace Dixon was fine 365 bucks for improper use of a carpool lane but content of the fetus inside her womb Allow her to use the lane motorists to use the lanes normally must currently so I'm passing during weekday rush hours Municipal judge Dennis Creeman rejected Dickinson's argument this week applying your common sense definition and which individual is someone who occupies a separate and distinct space in a vehicle Oh, maybe we could use that to provide a replace row V Wade That's a good place. It's kind of hard for the fetus to replace a separate and whatever The law's meant to fill empty space in a vehicle of judge said sergeant Dave Norton I wonder if he's can to Ed Norton Stop Dickinson's card of every eighth when asked how many people were in the car Dickinson said two Put into the obvious pregnancy Norton said Dickinson's did we require police to carry guns videos and pregnancy testers I don't think we want to go there don't even go there WQAM hello Hey, you know, maybe we could cut his I code as a passenger now too right I Murder my gutting even on the comedy channel. It's on earth everywhere on the side Is there making the rounds this fully author he's been under be showing in the guy from the smoking gun dot com that out at him He's a he's on all time You know you've been through so much and have what do you think about that Like a room and drug sober, and he's yeah, he's actually like a real Like a real former drug guy because of fakes of phony right We're gonna demonstrate a number radio essence man here when the man daughters on this guy's listen to the Dan LeBandstard and well What does that have to do with sports? What a really hard desperate. I can't wait for that next trend to come out when I got a oh Point oh nobody's perfect, but I think they can do it. I think they can like flat line right at point oh just like alicester and Patients they're flat lining it Okay, let me give that boy you know something I got this oh about the green glowing pig. Did you see that story? No, I got another really good part of the day, but I'm just I'm in the mood. I'm gonna take a thousand calls today Cuz I got them because I got this big three day weekend coming up here. It's like a holiday I just can't get over it. I still can't I can't believe how many things have changed and such a shorthy time Yeah, I'm just really a breath of fresh air As stale as that expression is it's a breath of fresh air 1645 votes. What did you hate most about your childhood getting graduated church who 70 just like it all those get keys Over there almost 400 people got killed 400 Muslims with those a Schmattas on Because somebody dropped their luggage all but it was a chain reaction and they are right They're all shruffing to the hide so they can stone the the devil Yeah, the devil stone. He's got to be to be doing all these evil things and I still say well How come God let's said the devil hang around do all these evil things well just for fun Yeah, imagine pouring would be if we didn't have nasty stuff going on, right? Peace and tranquillity and love and hey The dog I was getting dragged the church to 70 that was a real pain in the grass my child It was great 232 is a good thing I put that on there for people with no complaints Not having money 207 school 203. I don't have no problem with school Getting bullied and of course it upset in the York when it snows all all winter long like every other day It has all from school anyway, so it's not like getting bullied 186. I hate this pool 102 We've been remissing not putting that on every pool as a place for some of you to go Getting dragged to visit relatives 96 my parents 84 board they were Parenthely challenged Getting picked last for sports 70 being abused 66 Spankings 41 being treated like an infant 34 moms cooking 20 my neighborhood the old hood 19 and going hungry on we only 15 Yeah, I've seen most of these people and you know, they've been to leave me most of them. They look like they ever went hungry You know, Sam and you forgot to remind Hank about getting that glue cometer like a butcher me Yeah, I've tried already. He will listen to me like it so he's gonna listen to me. No, but I just at least even give it a shot if you cared if How do you weigh in hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't get chance to call yesterday, but I've never put 200 trying to describe the color of Sydney, 48 right purple purple Purple now He's and I think he probably whatever whatever the shade is between black and purple He's that he's that dark in red or skin, huh? In to go He's good to go or in to go Five six seven so more graven's got a bunch of horses. I didn't know that well, I'm a bird you're fairy I noticed Hank was shortly when I said that because I mean everybody knows come on We're here for anybody value a multi-ed veterinar come out come out wherever you are and quit swimming people I poured any terio, you know So sad All these closet and people most of them Republicans by the way WQA and hello So for Roblo, yes, sir Yeah, I'd love to take a fat to those two out that beat up those homeless people Yeah, honey like that. I say yeah, I'd like to pull this switch. Let's crack up old spark again. I'll race it I'll race you to the switch Yeah, look at a scum. What kind of slime goes around doing stuff like that? Defendless poor homeless people all the way. You come right down with those homeless people are painted in grants But nevertheless, no, seriously, what kind of garbage is that we got too much human garbage right hit the You know, the whole story about the American population is right on the verge Anything now. We're gonna hit the 300 million mark Forced sterilization, okay Zero population growth zpg all these radical ideas. That's where it's in And you don't want it has to do with oh, don't say those words quality of life. Oh, geez There's that secular humanist crap again Probably you're like the right winners get psychotic when you say that Because just like the pope all are interested in this quantity of life like like rabbits you know like ants Like roaches in your anstrey and vote or sure our lot 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQM happy new year from the fine folks at Armstrong for the homestead 2005 was a stoop tendency here for them and fowse the new customers to prevent the needle deal and bought their new for from Armstrong for it Why do people shop there? It's easy Armstrong for georentesia rate price great service after the sale and that personal touch The last lady touch you that comes from a local family on dealership pick up the full right now Co General manager David Richard 305 24751 12 when you buy a new four from Armstrong for home to do also get as have been sunny for a very long time now They're exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right when you buy it Armstrong for the give your free tires and batteries for the life of your car that could save you a lot of money right there Thousands David rich in the staff will guarantee you won't find a better price any price in town Because they're locally owned and operated you know the rest of feature just like with velvet gloves They'll feature like family because they want to see you again in the game for life No bait and switch no funny sales so start the year off right with a great new forward and a fantastic Unbeatable deal from our friend David rich in a staff at Armstrong for the homestead You'll find the material 725 South, 60 Highway 20 East, you made it south of the 836 on the web It's Armstrong cars calm a better yet drug a few miles extra again on that Hershey highway and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead Only on the banana republic baby only in Miami coming up tonight on inside to behind the true Hollywood celebrity music Photography profile story they were one of the biggest old tournament bands of the 80s and 90s despite the fact that their lead singer was dead the entire time They were the cure Oh yeah, I've been dead since now in a Yon I was depressed at first, but I've accommodated work for me the Curious front man Robert Smith was a foolish figure with pale white face and shocking inwards Is your hands here? Well, I mean it's a bit of a drag we went through a lot of personnel changes in the band You know with my oven to gradually suck their brains out with a straw for nourishment to I can see that Of course this was the eighties so as they have more and more of their brains sucked out the music got better Makes sense basically I didn't want a little thing like being dead to get in the way in the main goal which was what right knit songs and Bang in lots of crumpets that's necrophilia what for them yeah not for me I was already dead never looked at it that way. Oh sure It ain't necrophilia if you're already dead I mean it was I'm guilty of what the alive affiliate You're pretty a top of it for a dead guy. The listen mate. I am still the one the only the original walking corpse Eat my smoke Michael Jackson the cure hey we would never have had those hot sletty gotchicks without them It's a big juicy something went look at show business tonight on inside the box Speaking of movies, did you ever see secret window finally with Johnny Depp or not? No, oh What was the other one maybe you ought to get? Okay? Good in fact, it reminds me about my little bit of the shining only actually good story All right, I don't want to ruin it for you, but oh, okay There's so many yeah, I thought you were the movie expert to come to find out. I'm seeing well actually the reason being I keep Channel surfing it right and I keep finding all these interesting movies I don't find out here it depends on what you come across and then who would stay in last night was already 30 minutes And I saw it had three stars and had Anthony Hopkins in the Nicole Kidman I thought what was probably gonna be pretty good and I thought it was you look like the ending though, but nevertheless I thought I won the other day that that you might like and I'll see you inside it for you the straight story That's not what you think Gay yeah, no, it's not The streets story was a run. It's about an old guy who rides a ride on lawnmower or a street guy Yeah across the country to visit his dying brother All that sounds really uplifting the ways I'm sure and have a piece ready Will be stood below your brains out by the so the press will be orbit that's heartwarming is it really warms it right I don't know Who's in it some old guy and some other old guy oh How many Q a and hello Yeah, no Oh yeah, yes, you gotta get husky if you want to something what There's a door God, I'll maybe you need to do you practice for this or what Huh, George Yeah, George my ass I told you these dogs are great. Do you wonder why soft food is in the shape though? I don't Was her not a microcassum of what soft food is all about it? It's been for years now for like Not turned man even go back to days when I was talking to people over in the fuselage That that's so soft order for you, man. The early birds and we're gonna steal the sweet and low in the Still the way I Don't forget that one guy who was serious to it was an i and zia show This old far calls that was screaming about the old conqueror steve on the putting Puppernick set of business and all the other restaurants and all the stuff they steal and I mentioned about there was a story that they Has stolen the silverware they were stealing them knives and putting when they're back and he calls me if it's his but why not? In other words, I guess he assumed that the price of the early bird dinner also included the plates the Silverware anything that wasn't tied down. Well, they're gonna be dying so he was in the middle of the second his sack Which you probably had one in his bag WQAM hello Captain doves or Yeah, he's on the floor That's the open guy idiot another idiot So many QAM hello You're looking forward to you on extensive. Yeah, okay. Thanks to Reverend Dishmuck Actually, maybe that's where that movie to color purple speaking of Oprah or they came from because I don't know what that's all about the color purple Yeah, what about it. Does that have to do with wuffy gold bird? You know I think she's in it. I don't know cuz I can't look at her Tell me the QAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, good morning. Yeah, yeah, stay man Also, I didn't about to have those hours. I was thinking no All right, that's our Monday schmuck. Let me say it again. It's our Monday. We're not gonna be doing it on the air We want those things you call the a pride line. They're good. They call it a plan on pat and maybe if they're in a good mood I'll give me quit the bugger me for freebies you jackass you idiot you very God All you got to do is mention it's been that that's the main reason we stop giving stuff away Because it's just totally destroys the show and you got a bunch of free loaders who are after we'll contribute nothing The rest of the time and then it just all of a sudden they're all they're all sweetness Oh yeah, please have the ticket now. No, you can't Tell me the QAM hello Error Smith's reticula in hello Hi, Neil Hi, George that movie The straight story and really is very good. I hear some weird thing about it George, you know who directed that no David Lynch He's not available. I mean it's such a Normal right yeah, out of his out of his ordinary genre Yeah, yeah, you know what you mean? You see why what's that? Did you see the human stain? No, I didn't but it sounds something something about the watch it's been already interesting. I think you'd like it I've been avoiding it like George for no good reason, but I I'll watch it now because it's got some dark postinities It's just I didn't know what it was about But also the guy in the straight story is Robert Barnes word is the actor. Okay He's he would play that guy one of the baseball coaches would vote for grimly in that That that baseball movie, you know the director plays the guy Oh, God, oh, please Okay, I'll take you away for a next line. That did it for me The baseball movie with Robert Redford was fuel the dreams of one of those syrupy I'm I'll be honest with you. I'm not a Robert Redford fan ever had been Now all the president's men was a good movie only not because he was in it only because it was about Woodward and Vernestein And of course we thought out that Bob Woodward's a real dollar who's very pedantic and kitchens George bushes as father Then it was the natural by the way. Well the natural well was that same thing field of dreams all that same old cram But thanks very much for correcting me on this No, I mean we got to get it right. I mean isn't it important? We get this stuff right? Terrible important not really. We don't really care. It's one of those days It's Friday and the 13th baby. It's comcy com saw whatever goes. I got so many good stories Including the green glowing pigs and homeless advocates called Sarah Soda the mean is city in the USA Yeah, it's funny. I worked in Sarah Soda WSPV, which is no longer that anymore I was 1973 about 30 years ago about 32 to be a sack and back then I remember it was being called a city of hate Because back during the racially segregated days. I mean it were really In fact it was that dog track. I think the one in Bradenton wasn't Sarah Soda. They have one too Why would I help it was? And they had like segregated Batrooms and water fountains and not that they were alone, but it was just a very Heatful city So I guess it kind of you know a lot of your progression eventually go from Sarah Soda to two us off Florida Wouldn't you think I would think the city of hate I'd that How do you measure hate? I guess you listen to show it with that hateometer You listen to the show and you hear a lot of it. How do you QAM hello? Do I am? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? All right. Oh, man. I'm spoke to you in years. Yeah, sounds like the veggie that you've From Boka or maybe more maybe the salad guy Or man you're a marathon fresh air don't tell me this is my own year No, no, it's Chris from highly. Oh Chris from highly. Yeah, who the hell yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you teach me how to go away? Yeah We have we have doing lessons starting Monday at 10 a.m. Okay, between and for that church It's gonna give a do it. Oh, don't go so hard in here. Sign up right outside the do it now. Okay. Thanks That was Chris and I are lead by the way just to catch him and beat the crap out of them with a bat Anyways, good 24 11 at 5 60 W QM who says that Friday the 13th has to be unlucky not when you go to pump in a park racing and poker Come out and get lucky today Friday the 13th and pump in a park. There'll be free prize drawings Just to show you how lucky you might be any good when it trip for two of the alloc on pre our Luke higher resort Or maybe a 20 in class queen TV with a villain DVD and VHS player or maybe a betting voucher or dinner certificate You must be 21 a year's of age or older than her and if that's not lucky enough the first 500 patrons will get a free lucky Ravits put keychain That's two day Friday the 13th of pump in a park where they always feature free admission free general parking air every day of your life Live harness race in the poker tomorrow. Fundary Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday poker gets out of way at noon and line racing gets out of way nightly including two night at 7 25 and a PM and don't forget Every Monday night at a pump in a park is a two for 25 dollar dinner special and the top of the park rest are on the sixth floor And if he Wednesday night is dollar night for crap here so the hunt dogs and lots more just a buck Poppin a park is also open every day seven days and nights a week for saddle casting with the best and harness doorbell Highlightion fall across north of America for you to watch and plunge your guts on and don't forget of course coming soon slots Look for a friendly machine mine Poppin a park a box up and I'm going to vote on a power line road for the racing schedule nine five four nine seven two 2000 around the wicked webbits Compo park dot com don't forget that poker room opens at noon today Livers in 7 25 tonight at Pompeo park This is new This is five 16 I Just very king and they don't come any better than real rugs was that Mary oh Can I hear him now Larry oh there you go. I can almost hear you now Yeah, well don't go too much Yeah, sounds like the plane landed Nightwater look and I don't know the luck you're still in the air. I'm in the air. How about the plane? Now you didn't really say the worst talk radio ever heard my life with the W outing you didn't really say that did you I know what I do he loved me. I know it Bob Green if I pop you also that Bob is still wiping the tears from a size from the last conversation We said we got Larry King on the phone. He's in the other room right now weeping like a woman Seriously is About four or five years he's not old enough yet How about going to his brist that would be even better Yeah, he doesn't he's a shandard is a Huh Yeah, he's a shandard was a Right How do I feel I feel I feel like my food's on a bad day. That's how I feel I feel I feel like I just had down with you Call a cats and tie in a WKAT and started my first day and I went to the first national bank on all the road and she said you feel rich now Neil for 250 bucks a week. That's how I feel Incredible What was it this I went to work and knocked on doors and had a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida So I was I I I I did the board I did job I did sports I did news I did everything cleaned up cleaned up I did everything is that true Yeah, when you play those days Yeah, I was these body your chicken you have it with Jesus. Yeah Why do you do it over for emphasis? We want to make sure they try and get this up the food our audience is a little bit slow We want to make sure they catch it the 40 or 50 of time Exactly Okay, top 10 that's good does start ripping off David Letterman that would be good that's a reason Hey, listen, there's a guy here that wants to talk to you. You're gonna pee in your pants right there underplayman here this voice how are you Larry? Larry again. I should Larry how are you? How's who they forget? You're hockey friend Right It's the green roma I came to see my good friend Neil Rogers And not all I have my genel Larry don't get carried away Hey Can't be that join it I know I thought you'd be here last night Oh, I was in capital span. I was in capital span. We all of a sudden we they got lucky You've got a point now it's really nice going Larry Yeah, he is on a very good. Yeah, you and I Craig Barouby you make a good pair All right, I'll pick you up and bring that's a deal. I'm I'm inviting you right now any library now Come on We'll speed you will get the you from the village deliano on the wall and road on a beach will bring you the best deli of hasn't said Crazy place you keep plugging on the air and it'll be a real it'll be a picnic Thanks Larry Don't drive on don't drop past too hard Wow Haven't played that in years you know, I know that was with the 20th anniversary Can only imagine what Larry's gonna say this time. He never met an acid wooden kiss He likes to smile. I like seeing a big smile on those two cheeks. You know, I guess you'd see a nice sideways He likes looking at you basically and down oh Brother that was really something and of course how appropriate to that rumor was in there and a bird and it realized it before But listen that bit there the bird sounded like a woman Did me Some like a lady Yeah, we're some little like a lady Maybe that's why I can boyish and go issue whatever he used to say I don't know what I'm having yeah, I don't know what it I think he was like a sexually kind of Canadian a 567.0560 pound five sixy that was especially why I gotta play that again in about two years I can't remember last time I played that No, it's been years and of course Cheryl said that whole thing up and when he was in town Did he ever come into the studio? Is he full of crap? That's Larry he didn't know you money did he? No, he did not thank goodness, but I remember that guy with the dog food he owed a five grand And that's right in dead for several years now Everybody you would talk to oh, you know Larry King well, I Larry I ripped me off for five grand for this kid's show He was gonna put on it and of course that ever was any kid's show but there was a five grand and then they're all the bad checks In the adrored highly in Gulf Stream Park all these all of these things Faglorious kind like the Pete Rose a broadcasting five six seven oh five 60 pound five six And they've arrived in singular wireless line Now, I'll be sent that whole bunch of phony calls from March for a good one crap I don't cry no, I don't I My life isn't there and it's so fake, you know and can drive oh you're happy anniversary New you know people I haven't heard from like in 20 years who couldn't give a crap less to be dead or alive And they're calling in the kiss your ranch and I don't want that people ask me if I was doing anything and I said I'm I'm actively doing nothing What what people ask you that people like you been referring in the show you mean? No comment. Yeah, who asked you that? God think at the time it was that fair. Oh, yeah, well, yeah, well, don't fuck out go sell something okay sweetheart Duff you fairery and quit the crap quit it affirming just like what I best of C. Oh, he makes a lot of work for other people and he like Washington's hands of you WKOM hello Low-miss $50 Dominic you Oh, the darkly-reaching Q.A.M. Hello. No, yeah, they were talking about diabetes. Yeah, you know the peculiarity actual cure of an Argentina some doctor that are Mary's taking stem cells from your own body. Yeah, and it's not even a it's not even an operation A. It's a Thank you But it really works FDA doesn't even want to pop through skin. He's been down here in Miami Then we were one of those guys alive. I'm sure that can you imagine all the money these pharmaceuticals will lose with those All those expensive blood strips and all the other crap and the pills and the insulin that's all my God He's at the operation on his own stuff and now from the guy from headquarters for Yoda the owner He's down there and he just got my computer to go well see you and flavors. I at least may not be right on down Wouldn't that be great then go back eat my other pizza and baby and stuff like that? Yeah, but what if you don't have enough of us to get any cells from? I know stem Dominic you I am hello Who can go? Who can go? Dominic you still pick them hello. Can you play bring out the game this? No, but we can play this for you. Oops. Dominic you I am hello There okay see I can say I'm gonna go to my pile because I thought we'd really I See they always throw you in the beginning like it's gonna really be a wild Friday and a 13th and they might have something And then you find out like the same four people over and over and over and over and over all brother again. I have no luck crowd 567. I do have a one more shot that I'm gonna go in the 11 o'clock hour because I have a big pole of very important The crap today including the rant by a dark Thompson your favorite Bush could seize absolute control of US government. I might even do that before the glowing pigs It's so important. We important day Line 9 this will be short QAM hello I know it. W to QAM hello QAM Yes, hey I love you show I'm out of four for a mama There's like the top 10 there where you should go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mama. We'll move my home. Okay. Get a life W to QAM hello I don't know you. Yes, I'll call you while the free ticket service. Yeah. Oh, what about him? Yeah, my my land color What about one yeah, you want I tell you what you want another one those we got an endless supply those today Shmuck get back on a banana boat. Okay, before you go to see aerosmith give out a banana boat go see alien first And thank you alien the tickets for aerosmith wouldn't be something of alien showed up on one of the local concert I don't think it'd be aerosmith. He was just be mobbed. Oh, why not maybe a Celia Cruz or Los Vendell you see that cruise man. She's coming back for in Termin Miranda W to QAM hello. Hi. Good morning, Neil. Yes. I was in a matter of the house yesterday And I thought I caught a listen to someone say something about a Memorial service for skip a chat. Yes, there's Monday to 30. Well, we got a bad echo on his phone Monday at 230 at the Gardens Memorial Park 41 or 3 North Military Trail in Boca Hold on Mike and Want to put me over with George talking get that address and you better no, I'll give it to you again 41.03 North Military Trail in Boca Gardens Memorial Park it's Monday at 230 Gardens Memorial right and it's like how to hand-point you there, okay? 5 670 5 6.00 I think you have a tour nice and slow about 50 times and I think at that point You know what I'm saying go see they want to get it from you. But you don't have it I'll do you not know to give us a tour anyway. I don't play me coming to QAM hello Hello Yeah Go to love it a good word for you on serious yesterday They grab take the job man because you show here like it used to be What's the fun? Yeah, I got what you got a job, okay, and you need a job either lobotomy They're really gonna sail on this weekend tomorrow. He should apply. Yeah, I'll be the love sponge my ass You know, it's really interesting, but these people on this satellite radio all of them including the very very very Over-proloted ones they're much fading into oblivion because they have marginalized themselves in the industry And so while everybody anybody knows about terrestrial AM and FM and PM and VM all of the sudden stuff is just Part in the wind storm, you know Sorry, I already told you once you hear those words the first a few times it becomes real old and do I dare say it Oh, no, say oh, don't don't don't don't. Thanks man Nothing worse than being still all reports of a possible gunman at mil-week middle school. Where is this? I just missed we're just my half a second a gunman in school in seminal county Florida My god middle school is locked down in seminal county in Florida We're done Is new Roger My god this is five 16 This is the Neil Roger cell Do Any questions that was Jennifer on a student he's already had 30 cosmetic procedures here including breast implants lifts a brow lift She can lip implants three nose jobs a lightball suction and it's congregating more surgery I think you need more. Absolutely Corpus christie taxes hello Jennifer. Yes. Is your new movie any good? No Not really so people shouldn't bother paying to see Okay, wow each draws word Pennsylvania hello hello hi my question for Jennifer Did you sleep with a lot of your co-star? I did but not I mean not a lot a lot with this one Yeah, yeah, and it was great. That's important. Oh, yeah Jennifer Anderson the film is And anyway the reason we're learning intensive and we're slicing him an ass and MSNBC last night Or they because like he's bringing these authors on and he never reads the book So as if at any idea we were talking about so we have a game's Friday Oprah Foley on and He was asking all around questions because he didn't read in the book. I heard of the great book Yeah, if you like fiction You know this Oprah she deserves to have egg on her post. I'll tell you that right now She just makes me gang. I bet she likes I got her post Anyway, how's that Paul coming? What you get most about your childhood? I'm just I'm just ignoring you altogether. Just over the top under the bottom over the top and I'm like I'm not a South Sea. What did you hate most about your childhood? Getting gray the church to see us 70s and we got 16 heaven 96 votes our goal is 1700 You don't change the pull around noon. I think to the weekend pull Am I childhood was great 249 well I salute you are very happy for you. What happened in the meantime? School tool 11 not having money to 10 getting bullied 190 All employees out there kill them. I Hate this pool 107 getting dragged to visit relatives 97. Oh, well, I hated that every once in a while I'd talk him out of you know Absolutely with a good thing for me. I got to eat then oh My parents 84 getting picked last for sports 74 being a view 67 spanking 42 being treated like an infant 34 Mom's cooking 20. Fair They're saying not my mom sits about all she could do my neighborhood's funny the old hood and going hungry only 15 Yeah, like I said this crowd never was gonna go hungry at any age believe me. I've seen him WQA and hello WQA in Hey My childhood thing it was getting locked in the bathroom, but that's no what I'm going about Okay, I was watching the elite of hearing okay? Now there's nothing really offensive about this guy if you're watching but if you study his past ruin To discover something yeah, when he's in the house Yeah, when it comes to a Rowing either on the side of the little guy or the powerful of the corporate Yeah, I want to show you all the side of him. Oh, that okay. Thank you And the president like and enjoyed to play a hell of a lot of you said we'll shoot I'm gonna go to my pile. Okay. I give it a shot and We got people just restating the obvious and tell us things that everybody even little kids know and you know But we put it with put it up and it'll be those wife cry Doug Thompson the rant voice could see's absolute control of US government. Oh my god president George W. Bush has signed executive orders Giving him solo authority to impose martial law suspend habeas corpus and ignore the posse comeat autosack that prohibits the planet of US troops on American streets This would give him absolute dictatorial power over the government with no chest imbalance First discussed imposing martial law in American streets in the aftermath of 9-11 Activating national security initiatives put in place by Ronald Reagan during the 80s well one good not see deserves another That's what they always say these national security initiatives has to be 22 by controversial Marine Colonel Ali North later one of the key players in the Randcompris scandal charged FEMA with administering executive orders That allowed suspension to constitute by the way nice job in New Orleans, Jamie really doing that Maybe some of that money will get there eventually charge theme with administering executive orders that allows suspension of the Constitution Implementation of martial law Internment camps and turn the government over to the presently agency In turn in camps for like illegal aliens like George John's racer hopped in the director of FEMA developed the martial implementation plan following a template originally developed by former female director Louis Gafrida to battle a national uprising of black militants If give your free to is that that's how you say give your free to his implementation martial law call for jailing at least 21 million African Americans in relocation camps lovely breaker off later admitted in interview with the Miami hero the president Megan signed off on the initiative and they were made enticed Dormon until George W. Bush took office Freaker off later moved on the answer institute for Homeland Security and following the 9-11 terrorist attacks provided the bush White House And the Pentagon with talking points supporting national security initiatives that would allow imposition of martial law and suspension of the Posse Comotada Sector 78 the line that's supposed to forbid use of troops for domestic law enforcement breaker off argued that intensive of positive Posse Comotada's are misunderstood and misapplied and that the US has in terms of national Emergency to full an absolute authority the sentrups into American streets when force order maintain the peace Bush used parts of the pad of the sentrups in the streets of New Orleans following Hurricane Katrina in addition The FEMA hired former special forces personnel from the mercenary firm blackwater USA to enforce security Blackwater USA and its promotional materials describes itself as the most comprehensive professional military law enforcement security Peacekeeping and stability operations company in the world adding that we've established a global presence and Providing enough and operational solutions for the 21st century in support of security and peace and freedom and democracy everywhere Blackwater's also a major US contractor in Iraq and is a contract with a bush White House to provide additional security work on an on as need bases needed I like that, okay Need a permanent hold on security is established the northern command for national defense of lag ringing program that includes FEMA Depending on the FBI III and the national security agency a executive order is already signed by Bush allowed the northern command of San Troops into American streets She's control of radio intelligence station Uh-oh and networks and it post martial law in times of national emergency Like if uh, Laura's got a hang now The authority declare what is or not a national emergency rest entirely with Bush who doesn't have to either consult or see if you prove a Congress for permission With some absolute control over the government of the USA The White House press office would need to confirm or deny existence of Bush's executive orders or the existence of the northern command for national defense Neither within a permanent home and security But my sources within the White House and the Hs tell me the plans are in place ready for implementation when the command comes from the man who keeps telling the American public That he's a wartime president who will do anything in my power. He says to impose his will on the people of the USA and he's made sure that power will be Absolute when he chooses to use it. That's your buddy Doug Thompson. That's capital hill blue dot com. I love that guy He's good Here's a long facts that just came over to my sheen It's a good machine by the way from Steve Well, like a little smiley fact at the end of it. I just looked at Said I did I'll rage in need to vent or here we go at a book of Daniel thing again I was not watching a new show on NBC called the book of Daniel last night. It's a soap opera comedy series about a Prehistory that a dysfunctional family and Jesus magically appears during the show to give him advice. I sound heart familiar The local NBC affiliate here in Nashville. They're the first show as Friday was hilarious now after pressure from the Christian community WSMV channel four has decided to pull the choice of tonight. They're pulling it I just called the station ripped out a new hole. I told him that it's a sad day in this country when a few emails and phone calls can determine your programming There must have been 50,000 viewers in a market who watched the show and could imagine a more than a few hundred even a couple thousand People complained to me the viewing presenters is don't add up also I said it was very irresponsible of the management of WSMV to wear the first show And it's there is not have been proactive enough to preview the show knowing their market. My not a bad air did it all The station wanted air to show in the middle of the night, but NBC wouldn't let him go there and like about 2.30 and more when everybody's shroffin My next step is to vent to NBC in the York and direct TV because I can't receive CNBC to watch this show on another channel Another thing is every other station Tennessee the so-called Bible belt is hearing the show and allowing their audience to make the choice or watch or change the channel Like the American in my ought to be Thanks for your time Neil God. I love your show on the internet every day. Yeah, yeah P.S. one of the funniest things on the book a day with Jesus appeared in the priest car and it was wearing a seat belt I guess he just wants to be safe. Well, you can ever be too careful. Yeah, it's right with traffic these days. That's right Jesus Very scared of that crowd of crazy drivers You know who we're scared of because we're afraid he got loose again That's why that's Josh's favorite line because it's always amusing and Panic a real all real laugh riot. Yeah, yeah, it must be it See then there's a way to deal a lot catch him off guard. He didn't know what they'll hit him Science systems I want say they bred three pigs that glow in the dark Three little pigs This isn't this something what would it be great when the the day is coming man? Can you imagine what's gonna be like in about 200 years? Well, of course, that's first of all Florida be all underwater Right anyway these scientists claim that while other researchers have bred partly for the rest of pigs There's a the only pigs in the world which are green through and through The pigs are transgenic created by adding genetic material from jellyfish into a normal pig embryo Oh, I must have used those on due Lieberman and also Sam Alibu You know this how wimpy he is and he talks just like a Lieberman. He's a wimpy Nazi The researchers hope that taste will boost the island's stem cell research as well as helping with a state of human disease The researchers from National Taiwan University's Department of Animal Science Technology say that although the pigs glow They're otherwise no different than any others. Oh, I can't wait to get my first green and glowing brought worse Get up green eggs at him. I'll see through job. I'm green eggs in hand. My hand Taiwan is not attending world first others have bred partially partially for rest in pigs before But the researchers insist that the three pigs that they produced are better our pigs are better than your pigs They're the only ones that are green from the inside house Even their heart and internal organs are green. They say oh perfect for state patties day I like it unless you're Jewish of course because then it will be trif To create MD and A from jellyfish was added to about 265 pig embryos Which were implying in eight different pigs for the pigs became pregnant three male piglets were born three months ago And they like the researchers say the pigs eyes teeth and trotters looking what is it trotter? They're a fetan is that like a pacer? Their trotters look green. They're skin has a greenish tinge In the dark China blue light on them and they glow torch light bright The scientists will use the transgender paste to study human disease because the patient in a material is green It's easy to spot So if we're in some of its stem cells are injected in another animal scientists can track how they develop without a need for a biopsy or invasive test But creating them hasn't been easy many of the altered embryos failed to develop the researchers say they hope the new green Paisal mate with ordinary female pigs to create a new generation. Maybe they'll be like char truce Much greater numbers of transgenic pigs for use in research when that be great I think special or like bowling coach how about a char truce moose sounds good to me on the loose So if Alice Bennett is on there and at old the dike a fagghead, you know, it's no wonder Speak of the bubble of a bargain at any price. What's that? Lynn that programming the lineup. No, yeah, and Martha Stewart. I mean, what worried you want? Yeah, that's your pay 13 bucks a much just never to hear her name again or James fry Yeah, we'll get to that eventually a little Jim fry and Oprah's book of Oprah recommends it. It must be true And of course, he called into them to show on Larry show a couple nights ago to make sure that everybody And I don't don't I mean, she's already got a billion dollars. You think she's getting like a wake off on this crap Are you kidding me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, who are you kidding honey? Okay, he's smearing it's good. I'll Oprah and by the way I'm gonna have an extra burger for lunch just a pisser off This is new Rogers this is five 16 People are talking Get a really big Brad, but the baby And as a leader jolly Well, the rumors say it happened Exactly well with dog no one I can't wait to hear until the news is given to me And He's actually A pregnant Can't it be? Is there to be the pregnant? So why can't this be? Let's on my soul out and buy everything Crimson fins and rings and frames Is that just me to pregnant? Well my god But have you seen I kind of like that let's play that a hundred times so the film is we're gonna must be a package downstairs So I go check out the package you might you could put that nose bigger bed on can't get tired of that yet That's the one For something Oh She's digging down Don't flick it at me Her thing is gone Now I say she's a nose There's a pig in the ear She's in the ear And the Now she's a nose There's a pig She's a nose There's a pig in the ear Yeah girl go here She's a pig Oh my god This girl's girl's You know She's gone I'm gonna do Yeah girl You're no sick I'm gonna do Yeah Yeah girl go here Girl Hey Hey My god I say she's a nose What's going on People that talk Yeah, we just just keep playing it we'll alternate back and forth I gotta say Anyway, it's 19 past 11 at 5.60. If you have months to take a look at that Friday the 13th line up man You're lucky on Friday the 13th because you got the Momoster Momower data they did did the Penantic one between two and four the bombastic one Mad dog at Hooters in the pines four to seven Curtis Steven said it seven o'clock for nine for three solid hours And then Lenny Mark says it's in we have none to do with that Oh did River are bringing the food yet? Oh yeah, I gotta write here Benny I'm sure he's gonna feed you guys bring a nice lunch because I'm sure he's in town with a Columbus Ray jackets and Doug McLean Wouldn't surprise me wrong So maybe he'll bring you guys the lunch of these than only for all these years Especially after all those 80sillion meals that I bought him and his guns and fish But that would be nice but don't don't hold your breath Uh well Yeah, but they're doing so great there in Columbus, you know they actually want a couple of games Almost advocates called server some of the meanest city in America. Oh it is they are mean lean and mean and Certainly queen And ordinance prohibiting outdoor sleeping overnight without permission on public or private property is on the city The top spot on the next life because the organization's list of mean cities toward the homeless Object recently I'll tell the ordinance passed an obvious by city commission is after two similar no No camping rules are declared unconstitutional unconstitutional Unconstitutional like I just said they could have been taken off the mean list that they would adjust in a way with that ordinance said Michael stoop Acting directorly watched and based national coalition for the homeless. I wonder if they know Sean can only I prefer a nice talk it can only myself as opposed to canony, but I wonder if they know that clown Don't be giving all my to those homeless voice people. Okay unless you win idiot. All right see them doing that Given the moon is oh I don't want to like talk like why are you giving those people money? They're standing in middle of the street to interfering with your life There uh it's a it's a cult Okay, we want to make sure everybody knows that it's a cult in Sean can only he's got that big Expensive house while these people are like you know after slut it around form The advocacy organization on Wednesday That's the national coalition for the homeless release its annual report on homelessness in cities nationwide What they ought to come here man? It could have a field in a city Sarah so the top since list of the nations 20 worst cities for treating the homeless in 2005 after ranking in number 11 year before So they zoomed to the top of list Lawrence Kansas which I never heard of in my life is ranked number two little rock Arkansas is number three And then it was Atlanta and then Vegas Well, I'll tell you why I probably Vegas Why they don't want to vaguen sitting around you know, Sam right No, they don't know it not I'm a strip or anywhere where the tourists can see it because They're not for you can't refuse It's just like anybody that pulls any hanky pinky and Vegas. We'll see them normal. They won't tolerate it Sarah said they are facials argue that the no logging ordinance helps keep the cities homeless out of unsafe and unhealthy camps This is the best thing we can do for them. They are Mary Ann's serving say a Person can be found in violation if numerous items are personal belongings are present The person is engaged well, I see I got my shoes my watch my pantolumi's my underwear my shirt. That's the personal belongings Right, you're the person who engaged in cooking activities like maybe on the sterno, you know The person is builder is maintaining a fire the person has engaged in digging or earthquake activity So I guess I can't dig for those coins again like I didn't want to say good don't dig with the other tree Never just do it right there on the grass or the print well and I'm still and they have those outdoor look trains Mon he just step right up and Or the person is asleep and when awake in states that he or she has no other place to live the ordinance states 45 people are rest in life to your for violating the ordinance which gives police the option of transporting violators to waste shelter instead of jail The National Coalition with almost compiled list with a national law center on homelessness and poverty and Landed Dallas Las Vegas and Houston were my Mercedes in the top 10 mean cities in 2005 Stoop said it puts pressure on cities to rethink their criminalization strategies No cities who want to be labeled a mean city. Oh, you're so mean so they have a their house student shot at middle school and Florida Oh, here's the shot student's sure not to be confused with the lost minor dojo Who felt that we had whatever half of what had to guy that fell in the whole yesterday? Never heard about it. I guess he may be still a little yeah was okay or still falling According to before homelessness is merged by increased demands for emergency shelter went up naturally It estimated three and a half million Americans experience homelessness So So how's your blessings all you people would have placed a go to okay three and a half million people are out there in the streets Living on a street corner freezing their ass off. So I didn't know that you know a national coalition for the homeless Yeah, do they have an address? Why you gonna show sign up. Yeah, yeah Pan Anderson wants Colonel Sanders bust out of the Kentucky State camp. I want to do his bust Not to bust out a little late for that. He wants his bust out of the Frankford camp. I got a comment for Yeah, I'm sure you don't say it all right. It's probably You for Frankford Kentucky first came cost to remove the statue of Confederate preferred to all she's Canadian What she's doing interfering in American politics anyway She's a Canadian bitch who's back up north of the border pal and then stay out of here, Pam Okay, we got enough tourists already. We got to Stephen Harper. Oh god what are they what are these people thinking about? Like you know something it'll teach you a lesson Just like Bush taught a lot of people to listen a lot of my dead now by the An animal rights group is calling for the bust of Colonel heartland. Harland Sanders found her KFC to be hauled out And television star Pam Anderson is leading the charge The bust bust yet never expertise the area. Yeah, bust several of them the bust of Colonel Sanders Stance is a monument to cruelty and has no place in Kentucky State camp. I'm just saying in a state Man issued for Georgia's very favorite organization Peter that's the one that jobs an animal rights group based in Norfolk Virginia They suggest you didn't ruffle feathers in Governor-only flexes orifice We certainly appreciate everyone's right to an opinion for some majority of the workers at Colonel Sanders was one of Kentucky's most distinguished citizens a great entrepreneur and a fine charitable man of faith and he's certainly They always have to put in that man of faith like that. So not make some better house-heavings and he certainly has a place in Kentucky history We believe he wants appropriate recognition as such so don't mess with our bust Pam you bitch you slut you fairy Anderson has been involved in the top of relations campaign to raise awareness of what she calls abuse of chickens In processing plants that supply poultry to the Louisville based chicken chain In the letter to flutter Anderson detailed the leg abuses of chickens by KFC suppliers among her claims She said workers in a slaughterhouse in weather, Jr. have been filmed carrying the heads off live birds Spitting tobacco in their eyes Spray painting their faces and signing them on a ground Spitting tobacco in their eyes while maybe they just want to give them a let the Sure the juice We felt the bust of Colonel Sanders is inappropriate And they've come from because of portrays a man who found it becoming that treats chickens in a way that would be illegal of dogs You're cats with a victim said mad press could a spoke well, you know, first of all, maybe it's a good idea Because kids should be taught that chickens are not appropriate pets That's a good idea I don't know about that girl a die from touching your chicken Kiss it and pull out your kiss your dog your kiss your kitty cat. That's one thing, but don't kiss your chicken KFC spokeswoman Laurie Shalow said this is just another misguided publicity spent by Pita and they were tend to create a vegan society Oh vegan my ass don't take away my burgers my steak and my brats, okay? Don't be messing with that stuff. I'll tell your kishki's out although kishki turns out his vegetarian So then it had like beef that it has like well, I don't know and has beef graveyard I know that's not worth the thing about the graveyards. Why we'll dry? But the recipe we got had and it also was cooked in an animal in Intestine that's what I call a kishki kishki's our intestines A to vegan well, but that no, and it's not but the filling is though the innards The good stuff and In fact, that would be surprised if hermer brings you guys a whole a whole big bunch of kishki and the table A lot of a verskit for lunch and a lot of fried in the 13 he'll be in there not Chiefscape. Yeah, he'll be ripping out. Oh, and finally judgment. God will just terrible last night filling in for Dave's trader Make you appreciate what a good job. Dave does. Oh, he was just awful They've got like a two on one break they're on the Virgil score in a gold erasian on the S and he's like, but I mean But he can't eat they don't know what else going on man Hey, juggs when you reach out 100 years old it's time to hang them up and keep them hung up Oh, to head up bring them back out because Dave's trader is doing the NBC game tomorrow And he's gonna be with your Olympics area Juggs McDonald while and Denise Puff and S a match made in purgatory and by the way Denise I got two words for you shut up This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 Sharks the judge repeating all the facts of In the prosecutions charging documents and in saying over and over again Yes, your honor. Yes, your honor. Yes, you're honored. He's just the lobby Who's given up against me? Oh, oh, he's gonna be the fan They gonna walk into that random doll die He haven't given no Enough to leave He doesn't get what his diss likes On the 42 during the next argument. I'll rush downstairs and get the desk this I and then we'll preview the new craft. I'm sure that's what it is. 18 and a little preview on the air and then if we got to dump something out, Josh can have his thumb right on it. I'll keep your thumb on that square yellow. Well not right now, but I'm momentarily for a triangular. If I don't get back in time, too bad. In fact, maybe it's such a nice day again. It's like 46 or something like that. Yeah, this wander outside. Go to the convenience store, pick up a few things over there. We got to learn music. You know, in case you don't get back in time. What do you mean music? What is that? What is that? It's like every minute of the whole four hours in between was 80 minute commercial breaks and that's it. The best you can do a play. Once a lesser flat little scrubs. That's the best I can do. How round? Let's your flat or a little scrubs. I'll be saying good old retard. Good user man. Actually been great country music for in bread geeks. Like what's his name? Randy Travis. He is strange real strange. And all of them look real strange. They had some much country music information on earlier and reminded me they're all real strange. That's what that's where a thousand years of indredent will do for you. Speaking of indredent New Jersey, so let's new slogan. Well, that's a place I sure wouldn't want to be. Now that they closed down Garden State. I remember I told an Easter lecture he'll do Jersey because I would stay in that hotel there and then go across street to a garden state. Punched my guts out. That was a nice track. Not no moldo. Hoping to draw more tourists than Jersey vacation spots. Oh, yeah, where you go on vacation? Trenton. Hope he have. Newark. I'm going to Newark and get me some real good aromas that'll put me in a coma. Hoping to draw more tourists to Jersey's vacation spots officials on Thursday. I'm Vale the New Slover names to change outside his views of a state often associated with traffic choke highways or I'll refine a reason orders that cause rabbits to rot their windows on the way through. Their new slogan is New Jersey comes see for yourself. When it comes to image New Jersey we need care as Governor Richard Cody said our catchphrase should hint and our true beauty. Guess what the second it beat out another one. Another slogan. New Jersey, you got a problem with that. Yeah, that's like Jersey in the attitude. Right. Got a problem with that. You talking to me? The slogan was the top choice among over 11,000 telephone online votes cast by residents for five final entries in a state-wide contest. In the end voters decided it was better not to tell people that expect the unexpected or Love it for a site or enjoy the real deal or discover the best kept secret. And far away am I keeping it secret? Even including Atlantic City don't be telling me, oh, well, what about Atlantic? What about it? What about Atlantic City? You go there. You have a wonderful time. Oh, boy. As you unveil the new tagline, Cody highlighted some of the states of trash and including the gambling spotted Atlantic City. I think I just said, fat. Historic keep me at the 7th of the state. Well, I'm even what that is, do you keep me? You're asking me. I've been to Newark. Well, that's enough. Everyone to angle wood or ten of fly? That's it, Newark. And the metal land sports venues. What are you going to do? I'm going to do an angle wood new jersey. The metal lands official said tourism generated $32 billion last year. Who needs a vacation anywhere else, Cody said? Oh, yeah. Let me, I'm going to retack my schedule now. I got my all my 80 weeks vacation left this year. I better spend at least half of them in Jersey. The slogan was the result of Cody's appeal in October for ID is after he rejected a proposal for my marketing company for which to stay pay 260 grand. That slogan, New Jersey will when you over reminded Cody too much of what it was when he was single and asked to get our, uh, my and ask girls out on dates. Cody's office got about 8,000 ideas including such adjacent suggestions as New Jersey. You got a problem with that and New Jersey most of our elected officials have not been invited. Oh, that's great. Quite a few have but most not. So there we go. So the new deal. Let's see. Cody said the Jeffrey and men's employment New Jersey transit wouldn't stop him from receiving a two-nine state of golf in spa resort and two tickets to a professional basketball or a hockey game. And you can go to a devil's game. Somebody's got to man. Two more people there would like our really realistic out. So that's the ideal. What is it again? New Jersey comes see for yourself in our responses. El Paso, not for me in this premiere. I'm not even driving it. Never been in New Jersey. Yeah, I can't. I can't. Like in the airport. Yeah. And what we're else? Where in New Jersey have I been? Yeah. Sparta? What? What? What's the most far to New Jersey? Sparta doesn't like North Carolina right here. But I bummer hey, it's there. And what is it? It's the little town, man? What what tell what you're doing there? I have family there. Oh, geez. That answers a lot of my questions. That's what he was talking about. WDQAM Hello Not quite familiar with the popular word WDQAM Hello Boom, it's like a lady And my free ticket I got some for it Well again, I'm limited supply of those today all day Just line up and we'll take a little doer We can't put in room and race 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 5, 60, 10, 60, 10, 60, it's going to be mixed in match today You know I'll stick some of these in there as the mood strikes me Mix in match Okay, I don't want to get like 2'10, 10'10, 10'10 I'll do a new pool, I'll stick up there a new Maybe give a little like a little something to sink their teeth into More Howard and 2, mad dog from Hooters in the pines at 4 Curtis Stevenson is 7, probably a distant relative to Adelaide would seem to me And Lanymart has distant relation to the Mongolian idiots at the Santa Clarke tonight He is something to them we can't see it on the air WDQAM Hello Hello, Leo WDQAM Hello WDQAM Hello Nobody asks you as no as a matter of fact What do you say before to show this morning? Nothing is forever Don't have your chickens early, but the bootleg is a fat one, something like that WDQAM Hello Say, let me turn the radio down Yeah, turn it down I'm going to kill it, go up I'm going to kill it, go up WDQAM Hello Howard, man Yeah I just wanted to tell you about a book actually that I came across Yeah That may be of quite of interest to you actually It's called the acting president that we ever heard of it No, it was written by Bob Scheefer I'm a great guy in a coma It's not in a no deal, it's an excellent animal Going to come up with my own book And I found it with some old ranger American people Yeah You would really enjoy it, the book came up Written by Bob Scheefer Yeah, I'm going to ask you how many times this is a Okey Doke in it But Leo, I give you the subtitle We're on a region on the supporting players who have to create the illusion That tells America spellbound You'll be a... Extremely critical of region It's... It's... If you like something, I check he was dead already, Reagan I know he was dead, but yeah, it's nice to go back I'd read some of the stuff Well, I get it, if it's nice to go back, then we ought to be real happy Because this person is taking us back about 50 years So we ought to be ecstatic Ok, thanks a lot, Mon and Happy are Martin Luther King Day 567 Really brutally by the Taliban Ha ha ha ha ha Oh, you know, there's a one day that goes by now That they don't give him some PR free time on the year on these talking head channels Now the single day goes by Every single day, but I mean, everybody doesn't say a damn thing Not a freaking thing, but there he is Very, very sad, and the public is worried about the crap Absolutely about Jim Fry Is that book for we or not, Oprah? Hey Oprah, is that for we are what? Maybe you're a hair, Oprah? Maybe she really is the cover for a couple, maybe she has a dye job I'd like to see her do a dye job, real soon as a matter of fact Oh, by the way, see, here about cats and Harrison, her plane? Oh, I know Oh, you don't want to know What did you miss most about your child? This is the last LN, I'm going to race right down Let me do something here Is we going to race right down stairs or right myself, a letter? Okay, I'm going to get the new disbounder What are we going to do? She's a tank of really not! We could do that one a few times Believe you me, we got a four minute break, I'll be back Make no mistake about it before the break is over You can bet your ashes life This is Neil Rogers This is 562AF I'd like you, Presti Wow, your Fed-ass is really comfortable Wow, your Fed-ass is doing wonders for my betback Why do you do something useful with your Fed-ass? I can sleep on your Fed-ass all day Then why not put it to you? And you don't want to have my girlfriends sits on your Fed-ass too, do you? As one of America's newest ask-octions, put your Fed-ass to use for the airlines And turn a code seat in the comfort class This is great by letting people sit on your Fed-ass You'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus At the movie theater, even at the park Mommy, your phone's on the status with me Put your Fed-ass to work today We're see powerly wages, health benefits, and whole host Call now and be proud to be a Fed-ass Well, there's Angela Merkel, the new Nazi-Achancellor of Germany With your children Now it's not a disc that they've delivered on stairs You're going to be very disturbed by telling you what this is It's a very upset I know, it's the movie No? No? No, the movie's coming to you Okay, well, some cross on that So, if you think I know how to do a digital lab thing with Amazon.com They may be fixed, they set us that other guys, book your ones They get their wires crossed sometimes Let me see it again Good luck to you No, this is a package from somebody you know And I didn't think they would deliver it here Because we discussed it the other day Oh, he was asking about it yet Good luck Here's you maniac You're fair, we're all right Let me start out There's three things in here First there's a card How much here to those far near it says? And you open it up And it says Ah, Oxtu Liber It says, from us by Noshlin And the Buddhist New Yarr Wishing you a Merry Christmas and happy New Year John and Cher and best wishes John Jarris from power 96 Good guy, a little bit on the boost stepping side And then there's a number two thing in here Is a calendar 2006 calendar nice one Right, with a picture of the small bird on there Sal's bird Love their face Huh? Love their stakes No, not Sal's bird Oh, anyway Maybe that's where Sal's bird's day comes from You think so? I have no idea And I couldn't care less And here's the amongst violence Got all the every month is got a different scenic picture Of Sal's bird Oh look at that look at these people boost stepping And there's the Alps in the background And just a beautiful thing Thank you so much for that now How to the other part of what's in here Right? Now it's really interesting because I guess John When you think that anybody who's been around for a while I was at a, I've been out of the house You know, in my life Yeah So I've been to like all kinds of places in Europe Like Germany and Amsterdam A million times in Rome and Scandinavia So there are two candy bars in here Which even wrote on the customs declaration they delivered So I guess you can send food across the border It just not called drops No, no, not called drops Milka What do you know Milka is about a status in if they were like two Hershey bars I don't want to hurt John's feelings But I can go I can go across the street to my convenience to earn by these Because when it comes to candy man, the Canadians That's the one thing we specialize two things Taki and curling and which were embarrassed by And candy Oh man We got candy up the ass Candy as I'd say Yeah Milka bars And these are just pedestrian They're just chocolate bars That's all there's nothing in them Alpine milk So it's from the Alps He, you know what? Why did I tell you the best part? They're like crumbly Well I mean It's been through a lot of What What? What do you think I got two chocolate bars in my hand? Nobody's sending a hundred page facts stop it You don't think about what you eat is doing Oh, I'm kidding There we go So my blood sugar by, I would say by noon My blood sugar will be like 600 I think this is a tempted murder Don't you? It is? Yeah, I told them to just give me the chocolate instead But it was too late Maniac Didn't you just need no almond diet, but it? You know, people don't take any of that stuff seriously I know that even though I tried to Well, a little bit of almond yogurt We've had art with all you yesterday Like, yeah, that doesn't really mean it You've got too many Yeah, right They don't take it seriously Everything's a big joke Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Yeah, like that So I'm going to sit here and it's a good thing that these are broken into pieces Just I remember the guy quite yesterday about the Turkish tampy And he would slam it against the table So we've break up into pieces Right And that looks like what's happened to these chocolate bars Probably in transit They're also something in translation So they're like in and very convenient to eat little chunks From true You know, are you going to sound? Yeah, yeah Are really good Thanks John Gerr Yeah, thanks for trying to kill me, you maniac And these are good until they'll see Through, um, September 23, 2005 So that's still you Like good until you die Hmm About half an hour See you've had to start preparing some material Yeah Ha ha ha ha ha Oh WQAM Hello Not here There's one of the better calls we've had this morning So far WQAM Hello Yeah, that's not my black man who is Yeah, okay good There's a lot of QAM Hello Yeah Yes How you doing? Alright I have to bring the table for a shower And I'd like to ask you, I've got some people in town Listen to you I've got a lot of people in town No, I get out of here Get out You ought to your mind or what Got some people in town or listen to you Pretty play way Of course not, those are his sales last year's Matsum and get away Get away Get off of my planet Get off of my cloud Christ on mighty man These calls suck You know they really suck like no it That's not the most ain't they? But for all these years they just keep getting worse and worse and worse Because basically there's like 10 people They just do voices like filled, you know Just 10 different callers Are they sure? All the same people And of course there's an include a month That don't get on the air Let's start going back to screening the call of Josh Ha ha I just I just saw both of those fingers No but you know it's so good at different hands Why it's so good when you get the cranks No I do I enjoy the summer People have actually said that to me Well couldn't you I think last year said that to me We had our phone call today I mean you know you thought about coming back to screening the call I don't want to screen the call So I like about the idiots That old style talk Well let's go talk to you know Josie in Miramar How was that? I don't know why I talked to Josie in Miramar I do not want to talk to Sally and St. Pete All of other crap And then I went all with the knickers man Stuff was so I guess in it's day it was fine you know Like knickers Or maybe snickers Just where those? What knickers? Yeah No, I never saw anybody with knickers Tell me what the difference are between knickers and spas Well I don't know what a spad is Yeah you had several with your wife I see No, seriously I know what knickers are but I don't know what stats are Well you've heard of spas I've heard of them but I don't know what they are I can learn how to show today Knickers are like knee pants Right You know this milk up It's made by craft So you have to be a real fast off Ah Ah To Leba And it's made in Dutchland So that's why John Jers is so impressed with this Because anything that's made in Germany He's all whipped up to a frenzy about Like Germans And this is very well Germans aren't known for their candy It's a German chocolate is not like a big deal Swiss, yes, Swiss, Swiss, Swiss Swiss, Swiss, Swiss, Swiss, Swiss And other parts, Swiss They're known for their baked goods Is what I've heard Germany? Yeah Oh no And landshades Here you're brutal You're just a piece of turd Heartless, cruel, relentless That's me Well so this is just this is like I don't know Like in a Hershey Bar Although they are big There's a hundred grams of between the two And there's 200 grams of chocolate That's your pomeon to come about about 1230 So I kind of want to come to my Here's the arrangements for giving the assignment When you're even coming to do the viewing I want to be very naked with my big Perfect hanging out Right W to Q a M hello I have no light We don't Yeah, we already know W to Q a M hello Hello Hello Neil Yes sir Good afternoon, you old toilet Can I protect? Hello W to Q a M hello Okay like I said I'm going back to my pile I'm gonna get my chocolate I'm going back to my pile You're causing the most embarrassing Humyline He's waiting for a million More on his man I want to idiot anybody with IQ larger than their digit. I think we will take a lot more causal. We're going to change the pool at noon too. What are we looking at the way they're bringing with that sense of urgency now, you know? Yeah, you know I'm talking about five people are bringing nine lines. I believe that. WBQAM hello. Yes sir. Are you doing that? All right. You're doing that. That's all. No, what are our spans? Stop. Those things they used to do on the geospel that hooked around the top of your socks and around your cat to keep your socks falling down. How many damn? That's what it is. Sounds kind of silly to me. No, that's why they don't have spat anymore. Okay, it's like people versus spenders now, right? Like, like, yeah. That's a nice spot. That's a lot of power. Bye bye. Can't. Don't have a spat. See, you learned something right there. That's like an ace. As they the Chinese were spats is what your present thinks. Seriously, he's so stupid. Him, even the worst of these calls, yeah, they're like rocket scientists compared to your present. Dumber than Sado, stumber than Amiba, dumber than a hookworm. Just pathetic. Okay, here's the pool. Here's the final result on today's pool, which now is out. Done. Aren't you excited? Okay, what a drum roll. What did you hate about your most about your childhood? 17, Edward and 70 votes. That's not too bad. Chris has been on there for a month. Getting dragged to church 287 don't be doing it no more mom and daddy. Leave me alone. You go and with all those other gifts he's leaving alone. My childhood was great. 258, well, thank God. And like I said, what happened in the interim? Oh, hey, talk about turning sour. School, 219, not having money. 215, getting bullied. 182. I hate this pool. 120. I'm a soft florida. I hate everybody. Getting dragged to visit relatives. Getting sluck to the relatives. 100. Hi, parents, 87. What are they, suck? Getting picked last for sports 81 being abused 69. Spankings, 47 being treated like an infant 35. My hood, the old hood, 25. What a crap hole. My name's cooking 21. What crap. And going hungry. Still only 15. Okay, one of what the new pool is. I'm going to switch it right now. I'll put an order. I'll go up. Back to this 10 page. Back to who's that? I'm a real. No name. They wrote on the cover sheet. So what does he make? Back with the cover sheet. A few spikons lost in my interview with worship of others in a five page. Five plus the cover sheet. And it says on top. No, God. Stop it. God. Yeah, stop sending us that craft. Okay, we're not interested. I already got a huge part of your funeral. We're going to have to story about the vicious yesterday and God bless him. Anyway, what's the biggest waste of money? Because what I got so far? Spensive watch, expensive car, gambling, expensive restaurants, eating all meals out, giving the charities, going to church your shows, etc. Having kids, sending kids to private schools, getting married or buying health or natural foods. Not good choice? Damn good. Yeah. I don't have a poor giving money to churches and a bunch of little, there's much of grave robbers like all those other gifts. This is new rubbish. This is French mechanic gun, not you mania. I am fra, you liano, rass, latin, and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. I'm listening through the mirror, okay, I'm gonna use the hour. See guys! Moving queen of lonely, nineteen she had some trouble with her health. She was taking drugs to help her feel a little better about herself. She drove home, my little girl, and the world of prashing mom. She died so many times with only me a part-door. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh myGMO! We'll be pleased to know you'd be very proud of me that I took the other milk a barn I put it in the freezer No, not as part of the feudal. Throw it out the window. No, and the one and of course I'm eating the other one See, I don't know. I don't want to say John Jersus stupid, but he's a nice guy. Let's stupid Because for number one, even if I weren't diabetic well, what's the big sin of sending me to candy bars that I can go out and buy like right across the street? What's the point? Those came from Germany Yeah, and so did the ones across the street Yeah, but he brought those yeah, and I don't know how much across the street. Sandy class Congress Hitler they have more miles out of the ones he said Angela Merkel But there's David Gregory wonder how far he's got his tongue up to your president's butt All paid for bot, soul signs he'll deliver all you jackass in the media and not kidding anybody, okay bunch of sellouts. How do you work yourselves in the mirror when you're shaving in the morning? Lynn 567.0560 560 and Verizon and singular wireless line So what do you think you got any other big waste of money? So you got much more so how about whining and dining go to get laid like you know dating that kind of thing How would you say that? No, you know I'm talking about that. I ain't even that was great Joey car and Russell wishes getting into a brawl I love to see that. That's not necessarily a waste of money. What's that? Spending a lot of money. Yeah, and other visitors of pay off. That's right That was that show the big payoff of Randy Merrimon That's what I was trying to think of the other day. You see how this all ties in and fits together and the best part of it is that even these wise acres I've been having that any idea what I'm talking about and I love it. I love it Just like Barbously the Jewish people I love my love my love me. I understand it is real. I look just like oh Pat Robertson apologized Does anybody care? No, no, why do they keep quoting him anyway? levity Q a m hello Q a m A meal Oh yes, sir. Yeah, I have a ghost living in my apartment. What should I do? W Q a m hello exercise Yes, sir exercise good for yes Yes, um, bi and cigarettes Biggest point something I actually had added that for guy. Thank you very much I added a couple here that I couldn't put on because everybody facts is here cigarettes bi and cigarettes and Designer clothing Yeah, I'll be like a lot of advice stuff because it's got a little fancy or logo on it. You know Yeah cigarettes and designer clothing we added those yet. Let go of admin them right So there you go. I'm so glad that I'm actually those baggage to me How do you Q a m hello? Oh, yeah, sir Please turn that I put it in a bathtub. I don't want to be labor to subject to staff Are there's white things to cover the shoes? They don't hold up soft. That sounds right. Yeah, I know what I mean right there. I know that I was full of crap Yeah, I just you know I know it's a very important sub-divine a cover of shoes. What would the cover shoes? You know you're like it's so you don't if your shoes roll Kind of like messed up. They is like a white thing to cover the top of them essentially kind of Yeah, yeah, they'd be right back in a 20th or like they will order them with a few Okay, well, I know what you're talking about things that cover your like who lashes cover your shoe Yeah, I got it right here. I'm gonna use your picture Blow off some of the rubbers and cover your shoes with them. It's hard to walk huh? Send in you a picture. Oh, I don't know email me something I don't want to see. I don't care about spats My blood sugar so high right now what happens is a make up. He did by 1230 anyhow. Oh, this will put you over Well, it's fast yeah, I think we're about to have a spats Oh, I was student raised a good a police who shot him He did we can only hope I mean it was obvious right from the very beginning, but again, let's let us look at this through all the facts Let's look at all the facts that you kill at an interview as soon as we Receive it. You just sound like you're pretty clear that when you present this said the FDA You're gonna present this and I just told you what I know about the case and And that's what I do. I tell you and the public what happened here Yeah, it's up to the PLA and the state of Jimmy's office to make them judgment Once again, that's a sheriff a seminal county. There's more to look at. He holds for you there that the sheriff didn't apparently a Boy brought a gun to school in the backpack at this Middle school in longwood slorda some other Tablet on him and when that happened he barricade himself in a bathroom when sheriff's deputies confronted him As according to sheriff's deputies he raised his hand with the gun in his hand and sheriff's deputy shot the boy Yeah, as you heard the sheriff say they said they did it to protect the deputies as well as the boy's safety as well His condition at this time is not known the school with evacuated and the students and staffs Well, we can only hope he's dead when you agree No, no, why not? I don't know school. I mean, don't know any kids that brings a gun to school Kill them I call I don't put it into that crap, but no, it's okay, that right? No, I'm bringing a knife Twice we do that all the time if he brings a gun just lightly kill him, but if everything's a knife really stick at to him How you gonna protect yourself from the bullies? Take the sand to our book our right and let them have their way with them and then kill him if they don't do it first Remember I was just talking yesterday about that you were going to school I'm gonna use a go and the idea that kids would bring knives or guns or any kind of weapon to school It's so ludicrous and it all that's all the old days. You're just being an old-futty Yeah, right the old days So old and fun old fashion to be like civilized, you know, that's why I like it here All we do have some of these guns coming across the border like from Cleveland Detroit, but that's a you know get too specific But generally speaking most of the people here are civilized There's a different between civilized and like barbarian like having no respect for human life That's why America is so complacent about over 22 other dead Americans in Iraq based on lies They don't care so much. It's not their family. Somebody they know give a crap They might tell you they care, but they don't because if they did care they'd be riding in the streets They'd be like a revolution, but there's not They're worried about Derby. They're worried about designer labels on what they bought like Levi Strauss jeans Where were the iPod slot so you can literally your joystick How do you like that story of today? I like that a lot It started looking for some got a sloth for your iPod in a lot too And it also got a slot for your For your knives have you ever seen you saw the thing it was in a volume for combat Yeah, what about it when I kid that the 16 year old kid or however early was through all what I He took all his guns out of his pants and out from under it remember that yeah, yeah, I could do that Come any QAM hello Neil yes, I won before Bush and Vator Iran Like you know something that you were talking about things. They we have no troops to evade Iran He has some troops available but we'll be in there right now He was just on TV with the German counselor talking about that bitch. Oh, yeah, I'm fine Okay He was just on TV. We're not just getting through talking about here. Just got through talking about that Oh, they're they're the two of them are together again. He was just on TV again over and over and over and over again Got his own show now every day. And here's that facts whole that story again We don't want the facts okay find the number where they came from in kill them They're fat fellow people. But I can't even fact like I geez probably you know It's some whole Some hole they're using right facts which in this wrong facts We don't want it okay. We don't want it Cut the crap So at least the cause of good it is opposed to the facts is that really suck by the way these stats are only $30 a pair Yeah, and what are you doing? Back home among your shoes for what you've seen them these old fashioned succetos It's part of the whole gear. I have not seen well if you open up your email you will No, no, not on Yahoo, no, no, you're regular on a regular one I don't I don't like Yahoo at all well, then you know, I hated I hated can it? No, I'm not gonna can it because it's like I would have like old much email just it is You say I should waste now that we found out that everybody's listening to your cell phone messages and finding out who you're talking to We're getting holostores bills every month and then I can get anybody so that is nice too I wonder if that's true for your blackberry I'm sure you think well all equals sucker can find it. That's for sure uncle sucker. Yeah You know, I'm sitting there eating candy and you try this is like a gas lightsinter mall over I mean up no try to convince me that my blood sugar is going so high, but I'm like in coherent I can't I just can't communicate I know I do what you're talking about Let's get back to this new pool here, man. We got a really good one for the weekend That's not getting a good poll on a weekend In fact, let's get a poll axe or just a few poll rocks have a party 76 votes what was the biggest waste of money? What is the biggest waste giving the churches and shows it said were 23 So this is the anti-religion crowd good like I said the people who listen up to the cars are idiots the people Let's sit back passively and listen. They're always looking good people, man Because anybody with an IQ larger than his thumb would never call a stupid radio talk show guarantee of that even this one Expensive car 10 you who needs a 40,000-dollar curve bed much less two of them Getting married eight gambling eight. Oh Wednesday. That would have been my answer Wow, but it's well just burned it But then it's all just blind chance man. It's all random. Well guess what Yeah, mama having kids seven expensive watch seven giving your charities for buying cigarettes those nasty Faggot still kid you three eating all your meals out three like the Humper it'll kill him Biden designer clothing to find help for natural foods one sending kids to private schools none and expensive restaurants 0 We day morning seven it's yeah Brandy fun The of acres on Monday Kobe is just been playing incredibly and people still criticize Kobe because they say he's not distributing the ball enough But they're winning with him putting up 40 points tonight as a coach. What do you do with Kobe? I think the great question for the legers is how far can he carry them and It certainly looks like he's gonna be able to carry them from night to night. There's some wins But does that project into a playoff team and we got a young guy to put some pretty good notes I like those 13 for 17 nights the joint has as opposed to those 19 for 41 nights to Kobe has That's the American win Federation shark on today Call me your friends The Come on inside today and you'll be proud to stay your own family and our A. From 18th of the school shooting on usual how rare huh just nobody cares Martin Ward's against the importing west dollar stream right and by the way you are losing it It's not me. I've finally figured it out during the break you didn't email that to the ordinary Thing you mail that to the Yahoo thing. Oh, that I didn't change it on that one. Yeah, I'm gonna tell you I looked at that picture you send me with those spats. That is so okay. Oh my god You've seen that no I have not come on. I never seen those spats at your age Yeah, you see what does that tell you that that's why you hit that cool like that They got a son following the show. I'm a himster man. I think done daddy man That's right. I think don't daddy and I burglary piece of burglar anyway off for him Liberal Prime Minister Paul Martin Ward Canadians yesterday and of course Paul is desperate You're gonna lose you're going down a week from Monday. Paul you blew it blew it. You open up the door for fascism and can of A Ward Canadians yesterday that is main rival conservative leader Stephen Harper would turn the country into a bashing for a US style extreme right I really do believe the Canadians don't want to buy the far conservative right in the US Martin Senate TV appearance They don't want to see it imported here. They do understand that a sharing working together has been the way we've built this country The liberals are training conservatives and opinion polls eight or nine points by the way and Harper appears on tracks of the nine The liberals a fifth consecutive mandate and the election week from Monday Harper dismissed Martin's quit asism is not believable Especially after liberals released a series of negative ads that seek to portray him as a frightening extremist which is exactly what he is by the way Well, there you go, but it would have not been aimed by South of the border case because after all misery loves companies Speaking of miserable pit bastards Evangelists Pat Robertson apologized in a Wednesday letter for saying that the major stroke suffered by his ready Prime Minister Ariel Serone was a divine retribution for dividing God's land He apologized because he got a lot of heat and a lot of flag for it and he's really said the hub there and dare no no I love his real The Apollars you offered and led in a sure own son. I'm refold of the threat by Israel to exlude Robertson For a proposed $15 million Christian heritage that northern Israel in other words he took a he retracted his comments and Apollars and one of the waters was bad for business My zeal my love of Israel not concerned for the future safety of your nation Let me to make remarks which I can now view in retrospect as inappropriate and insensitive and a lot of a national grief experience because your father's illness Robertson wrote Yeah, I apologize you mama In his letter Robertson expressed profound sympathy for a shiron who's making well. It says he's making a slight improvement by another article about him or her Did man laying down he had an ask your forgiveness and forgiveness to the people of Israel for saying what was clearly insensitive at the time and not a Charles Taylor right there Liberia anymore that diamond thing went south. He's got to find some other scam. We can get a make millions on I'm sorry The evangelist also tried to the news media for not conveying the heartfelt sentiments he also expressed that they after shiron fell ill Robertson who have vehemently opposed your own dismantling of Israeli settlements in Gaza told viewers of his obnoxious disgusting A hateful hateful piece of crap to set a hundred club the guy was exactly revenge on shiron for his actions in Gaza Or is that Gaza? That's how they say here like Mazda and gas and it's a Canadian thing a Well on to any prime minister won't be able to see even how our bills say that look what happened to poor house Well on any prime minister of Israel who takes a similar course to appease the alley already been to your idiot Your idiot Pat you're not see you're a lunatic your I was just hate mongering a hate spreading peace of turd I'll speak it of a fat ass shiron You know I I can't be born. I once the last time I ever ate candy during a show. I can't even remember And especially since I'm a new macho is here never never ever never In fact you know it reminds me of what remember the day that that one of our listeners He sent me a box of roguelah I was there and Do I with any those and during the show my pleasure? I'm sorry to talk about a thousand members I do without that powdered sugar on an object just sickening these sweet crap practically swiron I'm gonna take it this right now. Okay Seriously John Geris has got an IQ larger than his head which he's got a big head and he should know better And you should bitch him out Don't say Neil thanks you for the can't tell me. It was really pissed off. He's diabetic and he's a it would be like Said he'd like to time Howard sent a steering send I'm in some bottle of booze with WNBC after Stura I'm just got back from rehab already pre-bitched him, but it not too severely because I thought that it wasn't gonna show up Well, it did show up and I said he can post bitch right. I'll read bitch Tell the old man had a freaking stroke on here because he was guy gosh darn Samus bed and milk a bars You know, I would have had one thing if he sent me something unique and different and really I mean That's my little plain chocolate. Did I even have anything nuts in it? That would have been even worse What because then you would have eaten twice as much? No, well, what if it would have been good for rid of this something really Like I said thanks you. I'm for sending me some plain boring pedestrian crap milk chocolate my ass Oh, go get the fuck oh god. Yeah, you must have seen these milk. Am I okay? Lull to melts in your ass Yeah, I taste like it I'm serious. This is fucking it. It's it's it's just the department is eating a Hershey bar. It's a little mild It's it's that's a question mild. It's just it's bland. It's nothing It's nothing and how many times have I told you if you're gonna cheat have something really sensation. They're really good You know like like nestle's turtle or banana nut hog and dogs or so even you know I actually I started getting a do you see the lay chase stuff? Yeah, I apologize to your people because they're the ones obsessed with that do you see the lay chick? I apologize But it's too sweet for me actually it is sick and we sweet. I like it We talk about the key lime pine to everybody the day right there you go In fact when I said pick and pie just started swimming because I was a green with you when you were knocking And it's like yeah, not for me man knocking one that dual say the lunch a flavor though whatever yeah I'm not and I do an A that today. I already had a candy bar and I got another one in the freezer Because I do like frozen candy don't you? Well, yeah, frozen cold at least in the fridge at the very well. No, I'm not even only like frozen like a brick right now Just cold and frozen cold and free and a candy too Man, or anything like that What's all are we talking about? I don't know You know, is it a few words that probably shouldn't have already because I'm in cool here because John's here I said power 96 is a crazy person Like that he probably is kind of Ishka bit the normal rule much Rob lunatic Send in candy with an old aging diabetic. He's trying to kill me. I know they probably wants to midday show Not fooling me or he probably wants me out of the way because he's insecure now that we got to new boss in there He doesn't know who's on first like a lot of other people around there I don't know whether I should mention or not, but you said it's on the bulletin board that thing that normal can't Everybody normal don't be stir it up a bunch of crap. Oh, he way are great new general manager I had a great conversation with him on the other day on Tuesday for half an hour He loves me. I love him everything is great which of course seeing normal. I expected positions. I don't want to keep you healthy Uh, they want to keep you sick as otherwise. There's no need for you to see them the same with normal He wants to stir up a bunch of crap and keep it like always I like that because otherwise I don't need him and since he's handling me for money I'll re-insone of the Friday the 13th of January That's not a good sign So I'll be bugging Joe Bell okay, he's got plenty of fish to fry there without you bustling up the pot Okay, go smoke some norma and quit stirring it You loser you you fair right So I don't know if I want to about that sales manager thing You said it sounded bulletin board in the kitchen. That's what I was told. I didn't notice it so recently I didn't see it. Oh, so I know I don't think that's the one anyway You better go take a look at it during the break because I want to make I'm not gonna mention it. Okay All right, no, I don't want to start all I want to do is say something Curtis Raymond Burr 131 votes in just a half an hour. That's pretty weak. What's the biggest waste of money going to church? You're giving the churches sheels at set of 39 gambling 20 buying cigarettes 14 expensive watch like you idiots with those Rolex is 11 although we do like to trade up expensive carton getting married nine having kids eight giving the charity seven eating all your meals out six Find his undercoding five buying health or natural foods too. Yeah Send a kiss to private schools and expensive restaurants so far the big oh, they like roots Chris I guess Why do you Sorry, may your Got a manager that knows about me the k poll Made my so low and accept find something over to put about The the it's called 33 if you want anyone also hates the fact that you wasted my time in my sheet of paper or sending me this special chronic feed roof I don't that topic of boards me today uh... he makes it a bit more to the let me say it again that topic boards me to tears right no loss just to give it a rest uh... i just have my blood sugar i want you to go i want you to find your rest in the middle of the city that's it over there another counter i threw it away was a sharp no damn well get get a sharp one are you the high-decking night yeah you use a uh... sharp instrument going the perloined his ass what i want to jackass let me just take it one more time okay my office morning my sugar was a nice one twelve which you know all of the atkins books is it should be hundred ten or less if you don't have it but you know something one twelve's close enough that's a nice number you'll take it you know what it is right now uh... one eighty now two ten no higher two fifty six well sure i mean the pain of our and not only that but while i'm a stressed out working on the air uh... your crazy person john jeres either so his ass go back to the very ok now to what i said we like a nice covering cream higher something at least we were thine for that never stinking as milk a bar this is cuckerman milk a my ass he's a scott is that garbage and we're some of our people after that i'm talking about just a plain flat chocolate bar is just this is what you have to eat if you're right if right i i try to have that conversation with people yeah when they send you something or give you something or bring something and well he has a human in front of the user bring me the smarty so that panther honking games that bitch and i would play with her i said please stop doing this i'm not that oh no i know you love it it was like she was deaf no matter what i would say or and of course i would eat them there because i'm like i'm obsessed with that all of a half of those in years and and during the game my blood sugar will go skyrocketing over 300 my head would start sweating and like i evade you know i mean yeah i mean with kindness killing you with kindness stop i'm pleased to see over 200 people over that article about the i'd be these the very jackson when i read the other day on the air at least at least that's something speak at a stop why that bone keeps bouncing yeah i'm what am i supposed to do about it you know what this reminds me of send i mean let's play it right out there on the table i had a call yesterday from your close personal friend you know the friend that we share who's uh talks about you no yeah you do i don't want to say davon here oh yeah and so he had some kind of an issue about a bit with his business or whatever uh and nothing i can do about it you know what's rain right and it's the same with the fact what am i supposed to do about the fact that he does not want to hear stop sending him okay what else would you like me to do take a sharp instrument and stab it through my heart like me to take take a gigantic peanut roll of toilet paper and shove the whole thing inside my hand to keep it clean i mean what we like to do maybe through the facts is hard that there's nothing i can do about it okay call your management okay call your engineer call uh Philip Morris okay call for Philip Morris you see i'm gonna become really in coming or once my blood sugar gets to 300 a couple of minutes uh it's still on the way up see oh geez what the best of the outcome i'm starting to get a headache right i'm seeing Laura bush on my screen makes me want to puk up about it anyway so probably be good idea thanks for your thanks johns here as you jackass i was feeling great this morning and nice to be how they uh we can come up tomorrow's Saturday and whatever it is someday if it's Monday whatever planet i'm on and it's just best of this lunatic just go away okay hit your like poison if it's being your friend means i have to take your candy and make myself sick i just assumed be your enemy johns here as just go away i have no dealings with you you have nothing to do with qa maybe i've nothing to do with the station with this show with my life except that you're trying to curtail it so just take your candy and stick it stick your stick your milka where the moon don't shine god hate people i do that to you it's just it's it's unacceptable and you said back and lot of time but on that end of excuse me you said back and encouraged him probably said that's right don't just say i'm one of those there so go ahead definitely why at least two send them the box yeah send them a set exactly send them a whole card in those i've been to the market that that could have gone to a good cause me and my starving ass right that's right you're probably your uh wife or elected probably made her sick is all hell giving you reason to put a smile on your face giving you hope for the future right there was a story on uh you know those investigative reports there was a that other thing we're gonna still going up fourteen point three let's see what is that two fifty six and six sixty two get hit the jackpot and you know yeah i'm gonna hit the floor any minute now thanks to you about it to i'm sure it's a Georgian courage to all he loves uh charcoe the swedish of the swedish of some of the German chargers see the German food i can eat is the browers because it doesn't have any carbs and it's great couldn't send me a case of those could you like with a freezer packet like they do for momma states no sends me stick in candy bars that i can buy across this street you cheap Nazi bastard you come to q a m hello yeah mr. glory meal yes sir how are you doing alright what was in the back what i just here i don't know what the refrigerator was kind of a bizarre sound yeah that's a meh radio it probably isn't the do it's a mhm you were listening to it you're a gigantic fan of a fellow diabetic meal and it's uh it's like at the holidays despite constantly urging people that you're diabetic they want to put like a cheesecake on your plate yeah one reason or another but uh no for no for only one reason there is only one and it is to kill you it is it's a little bit killing us for a kind this man and i'm sick of it but give give some cigarettes to a long cancer patients it's just a ridiculous but yeah no better our good friend alito uh in those hearings i mean we all know worries it's coming from each yes you're not to have a mirror i saw his hip boots i saw the boots he's not full of me i mean it's during uh they uh they did have to actually watch on that there's one witness it says 95% or 90% of all cases he voted to go with the government when that's all right the big government big business against a little people against nine or weeks against uh everybody except uh hang the kimbler in that crowd that's that's all he actually wrote an opinion where he thought it was appropriate to shoot a fleeing and there you go just got a little bit of stuff all right okay hey listen i'll see you to board a man they got me all right i've got to see the hyper coming in so like i said good like to all of us we'll give you that little robot real fast now the other day we were talking about so that what's for drive-foot thing and i really was remiss because you know i didn't play figure it's a way and feel the release now the fresh sea air taking the unparalleled experience of human resting on big land it's like a vacation away from your troubles your life back home your distributor on a journey to a better place the only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day unpredictable breathtaking life threatening human resting on big land it will you wait or something better welfare stop no faster you come to charge general much faster than it road damage pay for whether you wish maybe this is me who rather this is five fifteen two eight stuck it in and hold it yep Oh so that's all we need. Thank you. Yes.ge speedingア mitt. Yes. Haha. 1246 on Intuera Radio, I was speaking of Intuera Radio in Toronto and doctors worried about faded regain consciousness. He still, look at that cat like I'm getting out, truly. Prime Minister Ariel Shiran remained comatose and a critical condition today, nine days after his massive stroke, and his rating media said his doctors were increasing, we considered about his faded regain consciousness after a situation was eased to the... Israel TV channel 10 and Israel Army Radio quoted how NASA hospital officials are saying, the word that Shiran still shows no signs he's waking up from his induced coma. How it, however, had NASA spokesman Ron Krummer said there's no firm trim line. Careful. No firm timeline for when Shiran should open his eyes eyes. I don't know if there's no firm trim line. I think I know where the line is, but anyway, also the UCM will be at the human stain. No, no, no, no, no, no. You better watch it. Start right now. I'm at the GFI 2F at sure we're getting about five minutes, going to be over 300. Look, well, if any were allowed this to happen, see that? That's right. That's the reward I get for being loyal and going to back for certain people out it. Going out on the left. You actually did. You probably suggest I didn't give him the address. I didn't. I was going to give him the address. I was going to give him the address. I was going to give him the address. I found out that he did do it. Back to your invocation, so Josh can't blame you because I think it was Josh who told me, he'd go ahead and give me the address. Is that how it went down? Oh, sure. Yeah. Well, how did I know he was going to be so stupid as I can't do it? He would have sent the card and I mean, I didn't give him the address. No, I'm a guilty. And if he would have sent the card in the calendar, would that have been just a nice enough? Oh, my God, 16. That's like 286, 288. And rising. You see, it takes a really up to a four hour period, not you, but like, you know, that the trigger keeps going up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up. I'm up in a way. Like Superman. Like Sugar Man. Like Sugar Man. Yeah, if you lunatic, Jeras, you incompetent Nazi bastard, you fool, you clown. This is how much he likes me, man. This is what a good friend of this is. In fact, when I look at his, he's still driving at Nazi Mobile. He drives a Jaguar. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Well, they're pretty. When you see him after an apartment, I don't know why. I just run his ass off the road. Just keep it. That's a little hint from human staying by the way. Oh, I shouldn't spoil the ending. How many QAM hello? Hey, Tommy, Darius, you, A, you quizzling, you fary. How many QAM hello? Okay, these are good. This has been quite a day. How many QAM hello? 10. 12. 12. Yeah. I want to say it. 12. Okay, good. Yeah, say I had a mama lost bunch too, by the way. Take the job. Take the job. How many QAM hello? Yeah, the primary fear of saving my pants brings happiness to the city of God. And that's a straight story. Let's go. Wait, where was he going with that? That's right, Tom. Right to the magic room. How many QAM hello? You've got to kiss a moon cricket morning. Tell him now you're sorry for his favor in a mall. You've got to. Never heard that one before did you? That's interesting. Oh, my, the way in the movie, human stay in Anthony Hopkins loses his professor real job because you the words spooks. I say in, yeah, and to go to find out and run his own archive, passing himself out as a Jewish white guy. But never lessen the end, they both get there in the end. WQAM hello. Yeah, it's not that you're doing it. WQAM hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your pull. Extended warranties. They're worthless. Absolutely. Good choice. So about Pat Robertson's apology. Yeah. You notice he never says he's wrong. He just said it was bad timing or incentive. Yeah. But he never says what he says was total crap. That's because it was pretty, a love of Israel. So he must love the people of Venezuela even at much more. No, but when a murder is sentenced to many. How do I, why are you trying to reason about a crazy person? Okay, like, how does he not help? He's very fearful of crazy people. I understand. But I'm saying, okay, what's the countable? Because he's a religious nut. I don't understand the man of the media, scared crap as a religion man. Scared to death. I said you want to. Man, I got my window. My sliding glass window to living or open as still a two-warm in here. What's that? You better close it before you jump out. Forty-six. No, that's in the other room. You know something that's a good idea. Tell me about sugar down. Once I hit the ground. Ray McGovern writes. Ray McGovern who works the age 27 year veteran of the CIA's amelization ranks. Now on the steering group of veteran, we get this comes all the time. Ray McGovern, we're all looking into George by the way, a little less wimpied in George. James Ryzen's State of War, the Secret History of the CIA and the Bush administration may hold bigger secrets than the disclosure that person in Bush authorized warrantless eavesdropping on Americans. Ryzen's book also confirms the most damaging element, the most damning element of the British Kevin Office memos is popularly called the Downing Street memos. Remember those that we don't hear about anymore? What are those? The aim may be that the intelligence and the facts were being fixed around the policy. The result is that no longer credible to maintain that the failures in the Iraqi intelligence for the product of a broken intelligence community. The Bush administration deliberately fabricated the case against Iraq, lying to Congress and the American people along the way. Ryzen's senior reporter for the New York Times reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair had an urgent need in the summer 2002 to get the equivalent of a second opinion regarding Bush's plans for war in Iraq. The fight independent of his own telephone conversations with the President and independent of what Blair was hearing from his own foreign office. During his April 2002 visit to Crawford, Blair had gone out of a limb and pledging to support war on Iraq. The following months, I'm getting nervous, so we chose what intelligence problems calls a back channel and sent the chief of British intelligence Richard Dear Love, all those Brits, to watch him to sound out his counterpart, the guerrallist CIA director George Tenet, who will he need to be very close to the President. The highly revealing townings to the memo contained the minutes of Dear Love's briefing of Blair in his top advices of Pommes return from Washington, July 22, but what the memo less unanswered was the question of who gave Dear Love the confidence to say this to his Prime Minister. He said, military action was now seen as inevitable. Bush wanted to remove Saddam through military action, just to five of our conjunction of terrorism in WMV, but the intelligence and the facts were being fixed around the policy. When the Sunday Times published a minutes of that key briefing on May 1, 2005, it seemed to safe that the Dear Love's source was tenet and I said so, says the Ramema government. Now we had the confirmation. Rise and rise that George Tenet was reluctant to receive Dear Love, but acquiesced when the British made it clear that Blair considered the back channel meeting urgent. Tenet then rose to the occasion with the vengeance. Rise and quoting a former senior CIA official who helped host the British for a session at last at most of Saturday, July 20, 2002, reports that Tenet and Dear Love had a 90-minute one-on-one conversation during which Tenet was very candid. What a concept. Rise and rise that by the time of this intelligence summit senior CIA officials had concluded that the quantity of the intelligence of Muppins and Massachusetts trucks didn't really matter since war was inevitable. That perverse attitude certainly prevailed two months later when the fabricated national intelligence estimate on a Ramema KWMV was produced by Tenet's National Intelligence Council and a successful attempt to deceive Congress in devoting for war. A former CIA official told Rise and the back of the conversation with Tenet, Richard Dear Love could certainly figure out what was going on, plus the MI6 station chief in Washington was in CIA headquarters all the time, we just got completely accessed to everything. In any case, we now know that Blair got what he wanted to out of the visit, the inside scoop from someone enjoying the complete trust of and daily access to President Bush. The president now said he didn't mind his political opposition to dwell on how he lied to Congress and American people in order to invade a country and kill tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians and more than twenty-two hundred U.S. troops, not to mention the many thousands made for life. Perhaps he knows that Rise and the Book could do as much damage to this administration by calling me new detention that Downing Street memos as likely to be done by the revelations of the secret NSA wire tapping and it goes on. There you go, Ramema Kubern says, okay? All right, not of course the name I should care about these things, but we got really important stuff we worried about. That's right. That gay cowboy movie and you know, until he knew you would have an a baby in all these other things. I haven't played that in a while today. I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a little bit scared of the fact that I'm a white cat. It's funny. Somebody is my consultant. My name is up to the stage on New Year's Yard. I thought I was a guy like Dine. And I couldn't look away. I'd save a matter of how I tried. It was like she had to watermelon melons underneath her dress. She looked like the confirmation of Miss Baby and Mayworth. It says, oh my, my, oh, you must tell us please. When you let those puppies go do they wind up low on your knees. I'll never forget the time it was 11.35. That's where every moment I realized that her books were alive. They were often there, a jump and they were big and too good loose. And I think the only thing bigger on there was a circle of boosters. Or more right on at least you hit the sky. Which is not easy to do when you got too as big as cars. I'm... It was like I could touch them because I was watching in HD. If it's like the months are far between each other, there is taller speed. It's a good thing they did not keep you on stage for very long. Otherwise I think we'd have a brand new girlfriend for King Kong. For more I am your grandma's need of break. I bet you would not get hurt if you stepped on a dark ray. For more I am what else can we say? You can make the broke back mouth and cowboy's wish that they were saved. Too fast. 102.56. You're WM happy. Friday's 13th man. I should have known. Full moon tomorrow. Friday's 13th today. Oh man. So that he said the upward? Oh, Josh. What does Michael have in it? Oh, and that's what that was. I heard somebody saying, I want to clock. I couldn't make up the rest. Yeah. He was a little child there, you know. Who was in there? A Todd came in and hit the mic on. Todd? Todd's wreck? No, not that side. No, you're right. Oh, Todd's a killer. Oh, no, no, no. Oh. Hey, Todd. You fair with it. Anyway. What a jackass. And he sounded like a real wimpering. I did it. I keep asking you that. I hope not. You're the very proud of me. By the way, you know, I did during that break through the other chocolate bar out the window. I hope. No, not not to win. I took a little box that all I grabbed came in and I put the card and the rappings. And I went to the refrigerator. The freezer and I took the other candy bar. I stuck in the box. I went down the holiday garbage room. I opened up the shoot and I shoot it right down there. I said, I shouldn't get a good loss. There it is. I wouldn't buy that candy bar. Wouldn't take it if they give it to me for free. But you did it. But you go into a supermarket here or a drugstore. I mean, this is how can you like on a street corner. I mean, there's more candy here than the card has got pills. That's all they got. I wouldn't buy that under any circumstances. Blanned and plain is like, listen to the Lenny Martensho. At least he's using by accident. There is nothing I'm using about milk a bar. It's so absolutely gross. Milk. Milk of my ass, John Girus. I don't like the shoot him. Just shoot his ass. I'll speak of that. Here's a little low about that situation. Deputy Schrad is suicidal 15 year old student who Brandish the gun at Milley Middle School near Longwood this morning. Longwood Florida never heard of it. Did you? No. Since several county. Dr. Chase in the boy into a restroom. Seminal County Sheriff John Esslinger said the student was taking him a hospital as conditions still not disclosed. The boy brought a gun to school in his backpack, El Singerset and briefly took a fellow student to hostage in a classroom while other students evacuated, probably in their pants, I don't imagine. After a scuffle the 15 year old Brand from the classroom and traveled with this firearm throughout the campus El Singerset, he was pursued by deputies in where restroom and isolated there. Maybe he was evacuating. The other student was not injured. Either when I end the students teacher to stay at school step. He was suicidal. He was not injured. While deputies attended with family to dialogue, he raised his gun to his neck and said he would kill himself or die when we were another. As singer said. At one point the boy raised his weapon and deputy shot him. The next year this year Lyman high school, one of that Stangeter Frankie Lyman and the teenagers. How program or regular bull of our life that only must be some kind of a town where is this longwood? Let's do a week or a week or a week from longwood. Was being closed for the day and groups of students being escorted to the progress energy facility on Northside of the school where dozens of parents have gathered. What are you going again? It's America for you. A lot of guns lay in a round, a lot of pissed off kids who was silent kid there. Everybody's got a gun. No more toy guns. Just real ones now. How do you crazy gun people? You love me, love me, love me. Just like Barbara Staddle loved the Jewish people. Americans love their guns. Oh, they loved the polish him and wax him and squeeze him and find them. And the guns too. Wait to hear this. I thought they would. I thought for this they would probably be excavating in sunrise lakes if they want to find ancient. But archaeologists are excavating two American Indian burial sites in downtown Miami. Say they have found hundreds of remains proud and limestone fishers. Some of them stack in still burial boxes. Right near Fisher Island that hurt. I was just thinking of that. What was her name? Oh, the IOD lady. You're talking about the Indian. Yeah, I'm talking about the Indian. Yeah, I'm talking about the Indian. You didn't even know who Claudia and Lajay was. I still don't. Not get out of here. I looked her out. She was murdered and in Williams. She was a famous. She was a hotty. A long time ago. A frog. Yeah. And she had that the scheme boy friend was one of the. Where up this huh, Clara Fisher? I don't know. The remains of at least five centuries old. And luckily are the ancestors that lead to question time. Try the men explore one positive at the end and 1513 when he claimed to land for Spain archaeologists say hi like that. So these are coming in and taking over Miami. Well, I think they're ready. That's right. Yeah. So Lisa, they're laying claim to what all you crackers get out of there. Okay, because it's a Spanish place. No speaking place. We were here first. There you go. The idea of a crypt like structure that's never been observed anywhere. It's not for the course of Robert Carr. Oh, did I mention that Mr. Horkheimer was on this scene in this morning? I'm not on the air. And that her piece nearly fell off on them. And I know it was great. I didn't know that I was waiting for that thing that I must write to crawl right down her head. Hey Jack, you fairer anyway. Robert Carr directed the archaeological and historical conservancy. Vaughn piles were discovered at least five features on the former Saturday railroad magnet, magnet, Henry Flagler's 19th century Royal Palma Hotel Car said the site is near a burial mound that was destroyed more than a hundred years ago. Two other burial boxes called Ashewaries have been discovered in the area, but they contain the remains of no more than a dozen people. The tribe probably kept the bones above ground for some time before burying them in a mass, scooping out sore than the fishers, burying the bones and uncovering the grave. Siddarkyologist Ryan Wheeler, he said in terms of the rest of Florida, we've never seen anything that's been the same. It's a very unusual mode of burial. Well, if you ever went to Miami, it's pretty unusual, alright. It's very strange. Am it? Yeah, it is a look of that cart. What cart is that? The old lady about Fisher Island, her husband, the old deputy, the wonderful island of dreams and the so-so therapy and so-so equipment. Or baby nor release from hospital, I couldn't care less. Okay, if I never saw baby nor again, it would be too soon. You are heartless, I'm not just bastard. How come we don't see baby a little Ali? What is arms and limbs missing? Isn't he biotic eyes yet? Lucky Ali. What's the biggest waste of money that's our pull for the weekend to any of some boats? How do we find cigarette 65 is tied with getting the church's and the children's and service 65? I don't see why buying cigarettes is a waste of money if you're addicted to nicotine. Why is it a waste of money? Can we listen? Right? Because there's no buzz in it per se. But that's not the point. It's not a waste of money, if that's what you like. All of air for expensive, multi-caro. Very. Well, I do love those attendants for getting on the air. Oh, that was a really great. Maltabane! Anyway, gambling 42, expensive watch 25, getting herity 18, expensive car 17, having kids 13, idiot meals out 12, buying designer clothing 10, giving me charities 10, extended warranties 3, buying health and natural foods a 3. Sending a kids to private school 3 and expensive restaurants find a got one. Yeah, I mean, when you go to the ranch house, although they don't have the rawer like a manbo, they don't have their wags. I still say I like wags a lot. Me too. I'm wagging it right now. I'm going to say my blood sugar. But you're wagging lots of things right now. Yeah, I'm wig wagging. Your health is fliking too. I can baseball. They wig wagging the signs. I forget what Nasi used to say that. He's wig wagging the signs. And it wasn't even the Indians were playing. Okay, here we go. You hit a little beep. Could you hear that? I heard it. Really? Could you? Yeah, I'm going to hold it right up to the point. I think that the link's out. There you go. Good timing. Oh, no. You don't want to know about this number. 320. Woo! Oh, I got a transit. 17.5 times 18 is 270 and 236 is 316. I was close to death. I mean, this is, I mean, you're yucky in a lot, man. This is not wrong. At a time when we can't handle it, I thought my blood pressure was going to kill me after that. Real aromatic. Okay. Oh, I'm going to go to the other aircanda situation yesterday morning at the four Lardardell. I'm not too sold on the airport. I think they got some issues there. They might, well, you know, they were stolen the construction of the whole reason. Yeah. Nice suck. Then airport, at least terminal four blows. Piece of crack. And there's too many flights out there to like a Kingston and the San one. I mean, who else wants to go to Kingston, man? Unless you're going to get some good stuff. Who wants to go to the UK? Make a mind. Like on the squeal of fortune, they keep giving these trips to the Bahamas. They have like a punch pad sage that right in the face when he tells them that. Bahamas, my ass, man. To make a mind. To make a mind. To make a dress. Well, I don't remember that song. But I heard Ralph Fontaine do make a comma for well. To make a mind. To which? Ted Robertson feels the wrath. Right. Ellis Henakia and news there. I better do the break first. And we might actually sneak in a couple more calls between now and two. I wouldn't make a lot of big Ben on. Would you? No long-term plans. I wouldn't be like a wagering more than double digits. It's not triple. How many more calls will take this hour? It's Friday to 13th and you people are under a lot of stress. Even the lunatics out there have a really tough time of life today. I understand. I might have some more suggestions for this poll. I thought again. I thought we had a pretty good week for the polls. I didn't seem like any of them. Only should put I hate this poll on there too. We will. Yeah. So he just gets who talking to Todd. Keller. Hey Todd. You're fairie. By the way, that was really bad at you, Josh. What? Try to play with him. He was just joking. Well, who that wasn't? No, was Todd that was in here. But he wasn't anywhere near the button. No, I heard Todd came in there and opened it up on him. That's where he wants to more airtime. And then he said duty. Yeah. Well, why did he say that I'm more sure of going there and punch you. Oh, he will. Or just punch you. I'll hurt him the face. Anyway, finally, a TV experience like no other Comcast Digital cable with on-demand is easy to use has lost to love. And today you can try for just 29.99 a month or four months. Why is TV so much better with on-demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On-demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You'll always have something with the watch right when you want to watch it. And boy, I got a splitting headache. And let's not forget about control. With on-demand, you can start, stop, pause rewind and fast-forward programs using that remote control. You can't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on-demand, you can go to your own TV schedule. What's not to like? And best of all on-demand is free with Comcast Digital cable. So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how you ever man's without a call today. For example, you can't get all this on-demand. For just 29, 99, a month or four months. And date call 305 Comcast and Broward 954 Comcast. Call for the tailstriper, stick to the plug and those numbers in dates. 305 Comcast and in Broward 954 Comcast, we shouldn't tell them that Todd Dreck or Todd Keller are totally to call it. This is New Roger's. This is 516A. Do QAM where they're very milkable? Because they don't come. Any better than Todd Keller. How and everybody says, about the bed. This is a bed that's meant to burn away the bed. This is a bed that's meant to burn away the bed. What is it where the bed is meant to burn away the bed? savings in the middle of the show you see when you're eating under stress first or even if you're not diabetic you never ate in stress situations because it really tears your kickies up but when you're diabetic it it sends you a sugar soaring you know and the last thing I want to think of doing would be eating some any kind of carbs during the middle of the show I have to be a maniac to do that which is another reason I'm not being there such a blessing a blessing a bracha a midsley because you saw number times there that they would you know for a vehicle you try to walk in the studio after and on that table there to be all these bagels or donuts so yeah it's like a mind field man or a mind field for fat people and diet better people trying to stay alive and you try to turn people away in the yellow you like you're getting out of my way right it's in here that's right so I don't have that impediment but now that I got and and I the only reason I went down there and you know this is because usually I'm Friday one of the new days so I thought well not to be kind of fun because I'm the call suck really really bad today so I'll play some new stuff and get a few yucks on Friday the 13th and come to find out no it's a package and that's not exactly the package I had in mind either believe you me a package from a hell a package from a package from a package from a package from a package from a<|ru|> blanket speaking of anasi is parraberton feels the ranch rights Ellis Hennickin in newsday he says he must have been rattled by the recent weird weather maybe the Reverend parraberton figured hell was finally freezing over what else could possibly explain the headstrong televentilist apologizing to the family of stricken is really prime minister eryl saron Robertson has said some jaw-dropping stuff over the past couple years that the US government should assassinate the person in the Venezuela the god should take the lives of a Supreme Court justice or two that feminists and gays cause 9-11 but never until now has the cold hearted god cares to is anything like I'm sorry godcaster I like that Robertson's latest stink bomb came last Thursday the whiky Reverend was his in a state of the art studio at the Christian broadcasting network hosting his popular 700 club that's when he looked in the camera when he should a stunning medical entail on general diagnosis of the 77 year old sharono just in struck with a massive stroke and was barely king to life god was angry Robertson revealed and he gave the Israeli Prime Minister that stroke a real old testament smiting how did Robertson know this lie to god choose to tell him and what did this upsetting news say about all the other people around the world who've been stricken with strokes heart attacks cancer and other serious elements or felt on the stairs and died was God's smiting them to what set off god according to Robertson which arose decision to evict Israeli settlers from the Gaza strip apparently the almighty doesn't think the Palestinians deserve a homeland too god has enmity against those who divide my land Robertson said God says this land belongs to me you better leave it alone sharon was driving dividing God's land so cow God reacted swiftly with that life shitting eruptions the Prime Minister's brain can't you just hear the god singing this land is mine remember that right and then who's that new Christian principles wasn't yeah me to sing that school raw house sad no wonder explains a lot she runs long distance diagnosis was never they predictable reaction wide-screen derision across political lines social could the several conservative Christian leaders immediately disavowed Robertson's remarks even president Bush a long time Robertson L.I. put out a statement distancing himself and yesterday Robertson's assistance in Virginia Vichig read the critics had a point the apology took the form of a letter to sharon son Amri it was addressed to Habasa hospital in Jerusalem when the Prime Minister still lies critically ill polishing for home in touch I asked your forgiveness and forgiveness of the people of Israel for marks I made at the time considering the writing of the holy prophet Joel and his view of the invalid nature of the land of Israel Robertson wrote my zeal my love of Israel and my concerns for the future safety of your nation led me to make remarks which I can now view in retrospect as inappropriate and insensitive and not a national brief experience because your father's illness it can try to encourage him in one on apparently was the problem he apparently the problem was he loved Israel too much so what changed did Robertson truly feel bad did his fellow evangelicals pressure him perhaps that played a role but according to max blue man's all who investigates the religious right for the nation magazine and knows this territory of better than any journalist alive something else could be a play as well at play it turns out that Robertson's bank account not just his soul was on the line what I tell you the bad for business the comments have created a huge uproar in Israel our wages was the word that Daniel I. Alon Israel's invested to Washington use the anger was so intense that nations tourism ministry for the unusual step of expiling Robertson from a group of evangelical Christians who are developing a holder land theme parking gallery it was a 50 million dollar deal 125 acres near the sea of Galilee close to the spot where Jesus has said to have walked on water and fed 5,000 with five lows and two fish and Robertson's big-mawan and just small portions and Robertson's big mouth had talked him out of the money no one could say last night of Robertson's apology will talk him back in but this much was certain hell will really have to freeze over before the moment of a motor mouth minister apologizes again so what I tell you bad for business man that's what it's all about diamond mines in Liberia just another crush just another telegaid squad crook just like all these religions they're all a bunch of great robbers man all you suckers out there all you disparate was all you fools all you like this in the if I have no right send them your money send me a case that's why in our pool that's a right up there near the top biggest waste of money giving the churches and souls 70 it's one away from buying faggot's man how does that come to Q.A. and prayer line hello and don't show you somebody Q.A. and hello two am meal yes sir man get the whole deal is a car in the president yeah I'm probably easier meal get him how about this guy that I said that push your terrace you think he's got a single one I open out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the Verizon singular wireless line I told you the chance to take any more calls this hour but I never listen just like you told me don't open up that package WQAM hello QAM not line you're doing this WQAM hello I once in the state obviously WQAM hello QAM any hour okay calling you from the west door said I found an interesting article late last night while I was online I don't know if he had an opportunity read about it all the state of Maryland had imposed any employer with over 10,000 employees to have a percent of the payroll goes to all the time you mean about well uh Walman that is absolutely correct sir yeah I said son or what said I don't know if you saw it or not meal but it's uh um Maryland said an overrides veto on Walman Martin Wilson my pile but unfortunately I haven't been doing my duty today and I already should have been a much better show how to stuck with my attendance than having you talking to take those calls I'm sorry I'll do it again till Monday as a matter of fact you won't be doing it to me I'm Monday I won't be here Georgia be on a Monday and then you can abuse them all you want uh I never got to the offer thing would at the Faker James crime damn it I will though I got plenty of time Maryland lawmakers bucked at WQAM's the states Republican government and the nation's largest retailer yesterday voting to become the first state to effectively require that Walmar spend more and employee health care and if he told me first of all I was supposed to be washed nationally lawmakers in the Democrat led general assembly voted largely on party lines for measure that legislative choose in more than 30 states but third in the act considering replicating Maryland is not a shrinking violent no far from a said senator Gloria la la Democrat a sleeds sponsored legislation which drew strong backing from labor unions in health care advocates Maryland is a leader let us light the torch today let us lead so they overwork the governor the Republican governor's veto and they said to Walmar for them they're a stat by the way just just a little insights over the weekend even the way I do have Monday off I'll be sending the stories oh good I'm sure Josh has pleased about that because even though a couple days ago I sent him about 800 my apologies for feuchless did I got carried away yeah you did too many huh he said I was really speaking if I am true if I am George do it it's going to be like you're going to get like 200 you won't have time to leave the house and I like it that way yeah I'm going to leave the house he is busy in the house anyway don't have to leave the house it's true 27 past one well when he comes up for oxygen he can put a couple stories on there wait we stop your say speaking of that speaking of activity in the sack we saw you yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling one eight hundred mattress right now I think I'm having a hard attack just a joke when if he's something about quote from the air in john jerswood like for the rest of his apology what a cinnamon candy yeah god is that a pretty sweet jersue Nazi nothing's got a big impact of you daily health well being in productivity and getting good night's sleep and you can get one as soon as tonight if you call that a mattress right now one a hundred mattress by the way remember bring any food buyer not if your mattress is more than ten years old or it's noticeably sagging we're lumpy it's time for a brand new one choose from the complete line of silly insert a simmons can't cool a temperate of concerns and foster dialometrist takes saying they orders all day long from candle to sewer from pumbnaids to four miles and you still think that it into our liver window that's convenient for you when you want that mattress delivered and they show up on time ninety nine point seven percent of the time i've been using dialometrist for years and if you're a smart shopper you'll do the same so start to new year off with a great new mattress and dialometrist don't let off getting a better night's sleep one more minute pick up that instrument right now give me call tool free one eight hundred mattress or log under the website do shop and right there at mattress.com dialometrist one eight hundred MATT RES leave off the last is because it stands for sugar this that a new Rogers this is by sixteen nine on the air you me down move MP We have a surprise! The moon is back from the conversation. The moon is too far. There's been no their game, how boys to John Wayne was married on. These names was married on. The old one is matching between 2702 at QA and we have a mole monster coming up at two mad dog at Hooters in the pines at four Curtis humans in and seven after that, locks TV or go out and have a good time. The man who caught Oprah, this is on the smokingem.com where they exposed us to faker this James Fry. Good. Oprah went freeze been head. Three months ago, in what the talk show holds termed a radical departure, when every announced that a million little pieces of James Fry's vans fiction memoir of his vomit cake to eight years as an alcoholic drug addict and criminal vomit cake years was related selection for the world's most powerful book club. Although silly ass women out there would think that Oprah knows a cramp and she does Oprah knows cramp. And on October 26th, you'll see the man who kept Oprah wake at night, when three hailed Fry's graphic and course book and is like nothing you've ever read before. Everybody at Harper was reading it. When we stay out we're staying up the late night reading it. We come in the next morning saying, what paid are you on? In emotional field testimonials and stories of Winfrey's heartboat productions, loved the book is revelatory, with some choking back tears. When the camera then returned away, dampied Winfrey she said, I'm crying because these are all my heartboat families, so we all love the book so much. But as this week investigation by the smoking gun reveals that there may be a lot less to love about Fry's weren't runaway hit, which has sold more than three and a half million copies, and thanks to Winfrey, a set of top-to-New York Times non-fiction paperback bestseller list for the past 15 weeks. Next to the latest Harry Potter title, Neilson Bookscan reported Friday, Fry's book is sold more copies in the US in 2005, 1.77 million than any other title, with a majority of that total coming after Winfrey's selection. All those goofs tipers out there, Oprah says, go to the edge of the cliff and stick your finger deep inside your neck, and have a good time. And all these women, millions of women go to the edge of the cliff and stick their finger in each other. Police reports court records interviews a law enforcement personnel and other sources have put the lie to many key sections of Fry's book. This is a very long story. I believe I put it on a website. Maybe I didn't because it's too long. I don't know. The 30-sick year old author, these documents in the review show a holy fabricated or wealthy and velocity tales of his purported criminal career, field terms and statuses in Outlaw, one of the three states, by the way, Josh, speak out of that. Just like that New York Times series in that beaties, I would have linked that except you, it was very, very long. Can we just put links to some of these that are extremely long without having to put the whole damn thing on air like another form? Well, we could, but what's the point? You want to go to your site to read. You don't want to have them click, so in other words, if I have a straightest, like six pages long, you know, I'm not going to make. What difference is this, man? No difference to you. In other words, it's not about work for you. I mean, it is, but it's not, you know, you're talking about the next for 30 seconds. Oh, that's all? A minute. Oh, look, it's said in that case, you just wait till this weekend. You know, you thought that George was out of control. This candy bar was my sugar hits 400. I'm starting to tap out stories that haven't been written yet. I'm linking it. And in addition to these ratchet creations, try also invented a role from self in a deadly train accident to cost lives of two female high school students. It would maybe have been his most crashed flight from reality. Try remarkably appropriate to manipulate details of the incident so we can falsely portray himself as the tragedy steered victim. It's a cynical and offensive floor that's left for one of the victims parents to be wielded. As far as I know, we had nothing to do with the accident to the mother one of the dead girls. I figured he was taking license. He's a righty, you know. They don't tell everything that's factual and true. Fry appears to affectionately as pasted for pill and sweeten the books already, melodramatic narrative, and helped convince readers of his malevolence. I was a bad guy, fried tool, and free. If I was going to write a book that was true, and I was going to write a book that was honest, then I was going to have to write about myself in very negative ways. I'm not repeatedly a parent and a memoir, I wish an asses. I'm an alcoholic and I'm a drug addict and I'm a criminal. It's an incantation of repeats eight times during the book, always making sure to capitalize the C in criminal. But he is demonstrably fabricated to keep parts of the book which could and probably should cause a discerning reader and win free as Richard Millions of them fries way to wonder what is true in a million little pieces and a sequel my friend Leonard. When the smoking gun confronted him last Friday with our findings, Fry refused to address his significant conflicts we discovered between his published accounts and those contained in various police reports. When we suggested that he might owe millions of readers a monthly friends and explanation for these discrepancies, Fry, now a publishing powerhouse replied, there's nothing at this point can come out of this conversation that is good for me. And it goes on, and it goes out of length, for where the whole thing would be in a coma. I'll just have Josh put it on there, the whole book, all right. Oh, here's one, and I just want to make sure I get all the ones in there. It's very important because you wasted all my time with his great calls. That's right. What would you like, like, why would you punch up lie nine? What would be the point? Hello, I am. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi, I'm longtime listener. I moved up to Charlotte North Carolina, so I listened to you on your podcast and thank you for putting that up on the website. I'm right. I appreciate that. I'm serious. It's some point if you could just list how many people down rather than in a given day that'd be interesting. A thousand? Really? Yeah, I mean, you mean listen to the audio from the show over thousand, I love an 112 hundred. That's great. It just means that I'm always a day late in the dollar short, so I don't know what we're talking about today, but you had mentioned earlier this week, you were asking for people who are listening to Howard on serious and I do have serious, and I listened to him a little bit. And it made a big deal all the time that he had to sit and read live commercials and so doing that. They have to fill in time where they used to be commercials, while they're getting there, act together with whatever the next 50s doing, and they'll send records. And you used to sit and you know, pontificate that he revolutionized radio and people are sitting on send records while he's inventing stuff and he goes back to doing what? They didn't record. Save your body, man. Save your money. I think so. I'll stick to the free podcast on yourrwodders.com. Okay, pal, I have a great life. Okay, thank you. So, I'm asking, remember coming with that last year or one? Oh, yeah. You're such a great, great, great, remember. I'm going to be honest with you, seriously. This idea that people think it's cute and it's funny to make a reputation as being a cheap kid. It is not a fact. I think it was the book that Book of Brian gave me. They want about the voice over guy Paul Fry right from Bowenco. Jack Honey, I'm sure it was that was his image. It was just stick, you know, about being really cheap and they made a lot of jokes about that. But in real life, he was very generous and that's what Paul Fry wrote. And he went, all the people had worked with him, generous to have followed. So, it's one thing if it's just an act and if it's just part of stick, it's another thing to be really a cheap scheme I was looking for a handout. You know what I'm saying? I'm not thinking anybody's specific, but... Oh, this is Neil Rodger. This is five, six, two, eight. Bang up and take the deed and do a master for something green. Oh, he didn't watch... Don't put that down. Shut up and brush your nitrips because you don't need to be Mummy. It's just pretty cool. I got a post-dead there just hit me. If you liked that. I gave it a go now. Stay earsight cause I'm lazy. Don't add a shot, catch me down! Just hit it with my хотите and now shut your head up for me. I'll set up on the door to get a work done! Ok, you can take it now. Some chair pops on me in my mouth. What brings the bond to you, a question that everybody's asking all about North America? What can Brown do for you? 145, you don't think about that John Girusting, now stop and think who regime was he a part of for many many years? Right, agreed. Ava, Greg Call here last week, and give that sorrowful farewell, and thanks for the wonderful job and Vettimit Bha-Dibu-Pada-Bab, Oliver, lies as usual. It's like maybe this was like kind of an assassination attempt. It was like kind of a parting shot. Maybe it's Paisal, killing McKinney. Yeah, well I think so. My sugar's actually down to 307. Down to 307. That's not good. But it went in to spit out words it's peaked and now it's lovely off. And I might live through the afternoon, but I doubt it. Turn Germany's cannibal back on trial for eating internet volunteer. Oh, geez. I wonder if he ate him with relish. The retrial of a German self-confessed cannibal has begun with prosecuted a secret and murder conversion for the man who killed an eight. And apparently willing Vettimit met on an extreme fetishism website. Remember that story? And the lower case that his shot to country, Armand Mews, was back in the dock after her federal judge dismissed a January 2004 verdict of a man slaughter and an eight and a half year prison sentence as Tuleenian. The regional court in Frankfurt, which by the way is a horrible place, must not determine what the Mews committed murdered despite the victims' reported death wish. Frankfurt is nothing but a bunch of slippers. Illegal aliens. Cannibalism in itself is not outlawed in Germany. But if it can be proven that Mew is 44, filled a satisfy, sexual desire to commit another crime, in this case disturbing the piece of the dead, he could face life in prison. Oh, there's nothing worse than disturbing the piece of the dead. It takes forever to get back to sleep then. Mew is wearing a dark suit in the black dress shirt and looking thinner than when was first convicted, was led in the courtroom and handcuffs. Oh, he waited. He waited. Is he remembered? Why? Is he not? Of course he's better. He greeted his two member legal team with a broad smile and hand-chrake, and carefully answered basic questions from the judge, then listen to him passively as prosecutor Marcus Colour made his opening statement. He defend the stance accused of murder for a sexual ratification code or told a three judge panel for describing the grizzly events of a night mark 2001 in which Mews, a computer technician captured on videotape. A 43-year-old Berlin engineer, burned Jurgen Brandis, made Mews after applying to an internet ad for a young, well-built manages 18 to 31 slaughter, burnt Jurgen. Burnt Brandis, he was one of more than 200 people who were applied to the ad. Brandis, who had a will, bought a one-way rail ticket to Mews, storybook home town of Rottenberg, where his host picked him up at the station and took him to his rambling half-timbered farmhouse. And two men had sex, and after Brandis down sleeping pills in whiskey, Mews caught off the man's penis with stay planned to eat together, but found it was incredible even when a fry. Oh, inedible. Not incredible, inedible. And after a while Brandis became unconscious, driven by sexual loss he laid him on a bench to be slaughtered, Colour said. Mews dad, Brandis, in the neck, and hung his body from a hook on the ceiling of his kitchen. He dissected the corpse slicing off 30 kilograms. But, turn the man! There are 56 pounds of flesh, which he's stored in a freezer. I hope they haven't had my candy bar in there. He later ate 2-thirds of it off of the companyman's such as a pepper sauce or wine sauce and potatoes. And would be a nice key anti-two. The case didn't come to light until the Austrian students fought another internet ad by Mews seeking new victims and were alerted to polies. It blew open the lid on an underground scene of sex and extreme sadomasochism that for the federal investigators is thriving. The fence attorneys from Mews will take to stand at the next hearing on Monday told the court their client had a full fill they shared desire. This unprecedented act in German legal history should be judged as killing on demand, defense attorney, Joaquim Bremler said, the criminal is punishable by a maximum five years in prison. Her brand is insisted on being castrated until the soon as he was unconscious, he said, adding that Brandis had refused medical help. He was offered after his penis have been emptied. Two psychiatric experts have certified the Mews as legally sane and criminally accountable for his actions. State prosecutors argue that his crucial justice system ensure that a highly dangerous defendant is not eligible for a lease as early as 2008 a verdict is expected in March. A hit of the trauma use file request with the US and German courts for an injunction to block a release of a Hollywood film he claims is based on his case saying the movie comprises his retrial. This is reportedly working with a television production company on a documentary about his life and probably we are an Oprah pretty soon. Once upon a time, with a great new diet. And on your women on their disc run and get by the book, by the book, by the products, by the books, look what is in for that guy at the dead guy. What was that herbal life? Oh yeah, what was his name again? Well, I didn't know. Bigger head of Glossy, a dark, slick black hair. Well, that is thing herb. Irbola life. Her belt in this case herbal death. Maybe he took too many of the products. I don't think he died from coke. But never let's get a product. That's what Noel Boy says. Enough and like it. She says things go better with coke. What's the biggest waste of money? That's our poll question today and for the weekend. 427 votes. That's not too. It's okay. Not sensational. We'll put the new one on what a little left and noon. Right at noon. Giving the churches and shows it's set around. Don't do it this weekend. When it comes past in the plate around spit in it. Put some doodle in it. Anything. In fact, if you got dogs or cats, take some specimens to a shoulder churches weekend. Yeah, and drop a little something in the plate. Buying cigarettes, 9. That's the two horse race race right there. And you know something I see you're going to have a similarity there. People are addicted to a nicotine. People are addicted to religion. Why? It's a crutch. Just like cigarettes smoking, fat gets same thing. A crutch for weak people. Same thing with church. Gambling 56 now there's something as in 2. 56. Your whole of December gamblers were a product. And losing our ass and we don't care. Expensive watches 37. I mean, you know, a lot of people leave this friend like 10 grand for watching and leave it in the house because they wouldn't dare wear it outside of the house. You have to have an important function though. So the muggers know who to get and leave the rest of us alone. Right. That's good point. Getting married 23. Expensive car 23. Having kids 17. Vindesigner clothing 16. Giving its year to 16. Extended warranties 15. Edeal emails out. 14. Hank. Send kids to private schools by buying health or natural food score. And anyone going to go into it. You know where that's that's. And they go obviously don't though. They think it's really good. Expensive restaurants too. So are you know, we got a crowd that's a cut above. And maybe that's why we got all those restaurants sponsors on this show. This is new Roger. This is 5. 16. 8. It's day high. My every child. You're at 5. 6. So. Some things in our forefathers. Take a really mighty man. I think this might be square when he hurts. When you're cheering on large drizzle. That's what I'm gonna give a whistle. And whistle now brings turn out for the best. I. Two ways look on the floor. It's all in your blood. All ways look on the dark. It's all in your blood. I'm tired of the hair. The blasting story won't be difficult. And that's the dark for some time. And don't say. For the world. The one you'll feel it is the dance. That makes it a chance. Just push your lips and whistle. Catch the pink. Oh. I. All kinds of. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. All ways look on the fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. The fry. You must always face the blood into the bag. But you must always see. Give the audience a good. Enjoy. Is your love your man. So always look on the bright side of them. Just be for you. I'll just be for you. For you. You. You. You. Love is a piece of shit. When you look at it, Life is a long thing to get through. You'll see it's a wish I'll keep on laughing as you got. Just remember that the last thought is on you. Thanks for always loved life, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Always loved life, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You're not to be hurt. Always loved life, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Always loved life, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Happy year, Z9 This is a WQAM where they say rebuild them all and they don't come any better than a little bit Tony Huey