How are you? Don't ask. What's that? It's a very long story which I don't know if you won't be here and you've got stuff to do there. You've got to go and lose some money. Nah, I'm not losing money today. Why not? Because I'm here working but we were doing it. It's the middle of the week. I'm in the church. I've got some time. I punched last night. Yeah, based it. He went in. The wheel was interesting last night. Was it a good machine? It wasn't a good machine but I thought I was going to get screwed because some woman took my machine and she was making out like a bandit. But then for some reason she cashed out when she was up, which is a bashing to do. Yeah. I got on it and I cashed out like a bandit. Really? Because I did well. And then he walked back. Then I thought, yeah, I walked through the streets of Detroit back last night. Oh, brilliant. A little smart guy. Yeah. Well, he always had that suicide a look to him. That's a wish. So what's up? I'm not going to be able to hear it. No, I just don't want to go into it. So, you know, yesterday I lifted two o'clock. The last 20 hours of my life have been so psychologically debilitating. You want to know why? Because I'm a really slow learner. I don't learn my lesson. You know? This show was on the wrong radio station. That's my problem. I'm on the wrong radio station. Have been for eight years. Where do you want to go? That's not the fault where I want to go. I'm not going anywhere. But to fact, it matters that we don't do a sports show. In a rest of this dam, I'm like an island. You, this crossover that you and I have every morning for a few minutes. This is the only relationship I have with a rest of the radio station. Yesterday, I worked, I don't want to say we're feverishly on a stupid red coding. The only reason I did was because I wanted to jam it down the other guys throat. Because they're obviously using that for a purpose. And it's a purpose driven thing to try to give the public appearance that they're either kicking our ass or they're like neck and neck. And so when I finished it to a clock, I forget about the individual thing. QAM versus 790. We had 891 votes and they had 146. You following that? Yeah. Now you ought to be lucky if I was in a relay race, which God forbid that's a thought of it as pretty Sydney. But I in a relay race and I open up a gigantic secretary at like lead only ten times that much of a lead. And then the next guy to relay comes along a hand of the ton. And the next guy sits down on the ground. Yeah, Beast told me he showed me what happened. Yeah. And so as the day went on every couple hours I come in and I look at the her website. I'd see our people are doing nothing. And that's obviously because they weren't talking about it. I mean, they didn't have to devote their whole shows about it. But give me a little support. My name is Ananya. I got nothing to benefit from. It's a little pride in where you work and the people that you work with and try to boost them up a little bit. You know, it's called a team game. And our people have blinders on man. They don't know what it means to be a team game. And I don't exist. Whatever happens between ten and two men might as well flush it down the toilet as far as the sports nerds are concerned. And it really pisses me off. Big time. But nevertheless, you're the fact that you're not in a pole in the first place. Yeah. I mean, I can say when we find a kind of goose up my own number, I'm not on there. I don't do a sports show. So I have a chance to be like the arbitrator here, like a little more objective. You know, that's a, so it's a phoenix. You know, what did you think was going to happen? No, no, then you're missing the point. You don't understand. It wouldn't have happened. And there were people who had been banging away at it. And I've had to do their people with that's fine. They're entitled to a zero high dea. It's their setup. But the fact that the matter is, and people can say, well, it's only a silly thing in the Greg Cody's blog. It's in the newspaper. And you know, as well as I do, when people read something in a newspaper, 90% of people, maybe 95% of people believe that it's true because they read it in the newspaper. But it's a cycleizer of impression that both those guys are really, they're right up there with their kick in their ass. You know, in fact, they're like last time I looked 38 votes ahead of us. Yeah. I mean, a period of hours went by and we had increased by like 25 votes and they were like, it in 300 more and 500 more and seven. And I'm saying, I wanted to cry. I wanted to see like an old woman put my head in my hands and get a, and just cry. What's the, what was the effort for for yesterday for for me was fun? We had some fun with it. And it wasn't, you know, the same old shot this and shot that and shot that. Me, I've been to a track to bend to go whatever that thing was. God. Well, we got, we got some really desperate people on this station who just, you know, I'm just out of step, man. I just, I'm in a different planet. My concept of competing is totally different. Maybe that's why I got numbers, you know, because I believe in competing. I believe in taking somebody, taking the competition whoever they might be in there. And they're not my competition. I don't compete with them. They don't have any number of midday. But I believe in what you got them on a mad, you take you put your hands around your neck and your squeeze until they can't breathe anymore. That's just the way you compete. It's, uh, anytime a newspaper runs a poll, you're going to get a phony result. I'm not sure where you can do about either. I mean, I know you, you know what you're trying to do. But, you know, the bottom line is the full poll's bogus. I don't know if you've heard anything about it. I heard everything you said. Yeah. You know, we know that the poll is bogus. We know that it hasn't ever purposed to it. And intent. And the fact that it matters is I squashed that intent for four hours yesterday. And the rest of our people have been on the same thing. We could be two thousand votes ahead of them right now. But our people are too busy with the, and that's it. And that's it. And then every now and then others that. You see, I think you're aware of it because you've been in this for a long time. We're not in the sports business. We're in the entertainment business. We're here to entertain the public. We're here like it like Howard Beale said. And that work when the boredom killing business. Yeah. That's right. Well, it's the truth. Yeah. That's the truth. And a lot of our people don't understand it. But nevertheless, I'm an island man. That's it. After two o'clock, if they want to put on ischka biblical and senior wince is Spafed it to I don't care anymore. Did I just give up? I throw in the towel. If they get 50,000 votes on this pool, a more power to them. At least their people are, you know, they're behind it and they're having some fun with it and they're doing it. But even even even your close personal friend. Even that one, even though it was always negative in derogatory and hostile. And he airing needed everybody in the building and on the outside too. But even he, you would recognize you or me. There was like, there was like some crossover even though it was very negative in hostile. At least there was some, there was some continuity there. You know what I'm saying? Hey, we always gave him a lot of airtime. Well, that's what I'm saying. Well, you sure has held it. Yeah. Yeah. And if he would have run with it, he could like he might still be there. He could have been a server of a sense of humor, which he doesn't. But other than that, I'm just, I draw the line of two. Whatever they put on, more power to on it. They can put Joyce farting on the air for four hours. And it's probably going to bigger number than your friend got the last authority. Yeah, what? It couldn't because she doesn't make a sound. No. Now, she's never farted. I'm sure that. Not an upright bitch like her. Without sound. I mean, you can't use the sound. She does the SBDs. That's where it came from. Mm-hmm. I know where it came from. Back to him. Believe me. Well, calm down. Your life is good. Outside of that place, my life is great. The sensation like could never ask for more. I've got my own issues right now with that. Yeah. Yeah. Anything we want to hear about? Yeah. You know what? Come on. Let's go. I just unload it. See, I'm always the one that's got to open up a big mouth. Yeah, guys. I want to work the rest of the week. As long as I'm here. I'm going to be there. But hey, you know, it's a usual thing. You know, we come up here and you should see the set up of the other stations. I mean, they were like real radio stations. Like professionally in glossy banners and first rate equipment. We have, you know, headsets that didn't work and we got here. Water was affecting the headsets. We have my name is not anything here. I mean, that, you know, it's just not a big deal, I guess. Right. You know, they send us all the, everybody else has. Everybody else has an engineer or producer. And, you know, you know, there are two or three people for station. Here is just me and the bass. And the bass to a spread it is, you know, really awesome. But, yeah, we're under man compared to everybody here. Hmm. What a shot. Yeah. See, we got a new guy in there and he seems like a really good guy. Like I said I'm another lengthy email in midnight last night because I was really, I was just filming it them out. And, uh, yeah, he means well that he's inherited such a nightmare that I just don't know. Like I said before, it's a humpy dumpy syndrome. Greg broke into so many zillion pieces. I don't know that anybody can put the pieces back together again. The egg is broken. The egg shell is laying in tatters now, you know. And there were denial about it. You know, they can bring in all the new sales people. We got 100 new sales people now. Every morning now, they bring in a new sales broad. Hey, here's this one. Here's that one. Listen, this, this will put a smile on your face. They brought in some chick this morning who's been with us. I don't know a couple of months. I don't know what her name is even. I forgot. She was that memorable. And she says he used to work in a viral beach in a station that carried my show. I said no. I said, oh, yes, you were on. I said, no, I've never been on a viral beach or any other radio station. Yeah, no, I'm positive. You were on our station. Okay. Is that this that paint the picture for you? See, I'm going to be a little check-aloud of that. Oh. Oh, well, the script's gone. Uh-huh. Stippy. Oh, yeah. Here, my mom. I'm sure that mine has gone too for a rest of my life, after this. Oh, right. By the way, how many ago from an English newspaper? Because I didn't get a hundred years. There'd be in behind. That's what I'd like to know. Who dropped a ball? Who dropped a ball, bowl? And of course, we got this two-to-fold revolving dough for mole. Every little gun for the gander. What is it? What's good for the goose's good for the gander? Yeah, goose this, little camper. Tell us a five-year-old razor blade. I like to watch women's softball. Well, go ahead. Beats to be. I have any on our own. I'm looking at the same now. Joe Rose is pulled even with mandates. I know two ninety-six of peace. I know that. Don't you think I'm keeping track. And you know something I'm done with it? I'm on my hands off. If they want to get fifty thousand votes on there, great. More power to them. I say, hello, you're good job well done. You know how bogus man. And the only thing you keep saying is bogus. The only reason it's bogus is because our people are allowing them to make it bogus. It's like they borrowed the dive-old voting machines from the bush people. You know? And try to wait. You know what our, you know what this station reminds me of? Our sports sports. Maybe it's just a late turn. When the world vote comes in from sweet water and ojas, and we're going to kick our hands. Right. I got nothing to do with any of this. And I don't do this for a show. I'm giving up after at least lost again on the shootout last night. I'm giving up sports all together. And any of Belfer couldn't stop a bowling ball from 100 yards away. Shoot out my ass. Well that's what Joyce said. I'm sorry. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Well, listen, you guys have a good time. Don't be wandering around. Listen, I'd live there man for two years. Don't be wandering around Detroit at least. Unless you've had a death wish, you're a crazy person. You've won money and you've seen it. How far did you walk in the dark? About a mile. No. She's still alive. Wow. There's cold and dark. Wow. They probably thought they saw you. They probably thought the spaceship landed. They ran the other direction. It's a walking bowling ball. Let's get out of here. They probably thought it was Rover from the prisoner. Listen, you guys have a good time. Yeah. You don't go too much now. Just remember. Don't be in your head. I mean, I can't really talk with say, but with your head, not over it. I'll be leaving for Las Vegas on Friday. So now you're really? Yes. Well, you going on vacation? No. Well, I'm going to take a couple days off. Yeah. I'm doing it. I'm sorry. I'm taking a couple off starting right now. I do the gambling story on the SPN Sunday on the Sunday on the Sunday. I'm going out to Sanctuary. I wasn't going to, but I'm a tour clock. You know, the excuse being that my maid comes to two on Wednesday, which he does. You know, so I got to get out of here. But yeah, I'm going out there. I don't care if I lose what I lose. If I lose eight billion dollars here today, it'll be better than being around here and getting all bogged down with this place. This is a killer of this place. This is just a killer debilitating. You know, they should be spoiled. They're like, Raxon has had misscratching his package. You want to out? He, how come he's upset again? He's going to offer you a testy lightly. You know, you don't get it. George had to go in there for half an hour. Give him a seminar and why we're pissed off. A real newspaper wouldn't publish a poll like that. Well, why not? It's for fun. Okay. It's the opportunity to stack the deck as they did. Okay. We did. I did it yesterday. 891 to 146. Is that close? No. We had that labastered package for exactly what he is a phony ballooning man. They're all in bed together over there, including I think boobed in labastered. I hear a lot of stories about that. Figuratively and literally. I think they're doing something. I think they saw that cowboy movie too many times. Like push and strain. Yeah. Oh, yeah. How do you like 10, these eyeballs roll it around last night? I wasn't going to watch any of it, but I saw the last few minutes. And the Democratic pathetic response. When Bush talked about alternative sources and getting away from dependence on Middle East. Or like I thought Chinese eyeballs are going to pop out of his head. Yeah. Of course it'll be long dead by that time anyway. So it's just all all talk. I mean, won't be talking about that poll when we're all dead. That's for sure. Well, you have a good day and stay on. I'm going to give it a shot. Okay. I'm going ballistic today and just I'm just going to scream for four hours. Well, we'll try to listen to some of this. You're going out here. Have a good time. YouTube. Thanks. For five times, Bush told me to face a man-to-lose. Jim Anderson. I wonder if any of those writers that were calling for talk show hosts that were calling from around the country feels stupid. Having compared the Indianapolis cults to a perfect season team at this point. Honestly, I'm a big people all that Dolphins had a weak schedule in our things just broke right. This sat in the other happy horse manure. Well, I don't know what they're saying to think it right now. Or are you not here from Morgana till the next team runs out 12 and a shot? Too many of this. You are sports authority. We change from boys at it. I'm sports video 560. I'm the QA-band. Absolutely. I want to keep this station stands for nothing. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. Jim and Danny. We have a mobile from Miramar, hello. Can you hear me? Oh, I got a question. Jim and Danny, sit your way. I am, don't give me Danny. Jim and Danny, maybe Benmie. You can Jim and Danny, maybe Benmie. Come in, Jim Jimmy will I feed Joey if he volt incm. Yeah. Jim, have you dreamy come and talk about Aida and James Wilson? Boss pardon, I've just arrived with aMyne and slept. Obviously yes. And I am serious as you can barely see him. Do you have your daddy and me? Today, David? Thanks to the Studio 77 Lite. Was it on behalf of some cafeteria servers? for me as far as I'm concerned for what a what a place what an I'm and like I said I'm done I'm all done with at the phone even alone you're on your own what's about time yeah yeah you're right I'm a slow learner I got nobody to blame by myself I put my best foot forward there yesterday we kicked some serious bloody ass and then the rest of it like like I said roll over and they spread their legs and they you know and I was in well that's a nice image yeah especially bokeh he's gotten the fun of that cow that's just a fun of a really bad one he stole from Dan Bows have you ever did it oh right sportsman rope when free what did you do to just stay the foot that wasn't quite true rope when free defend the James fry don't we told the million that it's a lie can we wrote a book about his time and we had but now it seems that we've all been had it's will find out he never spoke he was addicted to collect staying stand I think that he's full of it hope grow when free what you need to we only read books that you tell us to maybe you are the ones on drugs but pulling this book in oh 18 at five 60 w q a home of absolute madness man just madness I have never seen more cool with people who just don't get it Jimmy and Danny and Danny and yeah at any rate I was kind of depressed or I told he had to hold story and he didn't he gave me like a non-secretor that response about well you know it's a bogus pool you hear that? yeah heard it what is that? well it's a bogus pool that doesn't mean that we can't I understand that but we do work as much as opportunity to do a 60 election is the boys people did you know all the phones ring that means the bucket is she's done you know what good what do you think about that one bit though huh well how woo man you talk about the blind leading the blind nice going again basically you guys are right on top of it you see they could bring in they could bring in Albert Einstein Carl Sagan all these that they could resurrect all of these brilliant then people and they could put them in a management team at that place and as long as the beeslies are you know pull them the strings it's gonna make a child and it's very different in hell you know what I'm saying? what do you say? I'm saying that uh tell with it 10 to two baby just keep that in mind 10 a.m. to two p.m. or I say 10 to two. huh? I only ever but I understand that but I mean yes today that whole effort on my part which is trying to goose up the radio station and the individual people out of our sports people you have to have a little bit of pride even in this place what's our real I feel like you can't relate to that sorry what was it but I mean when you hear of course the kind of money you're making I can understand why but the money I'm making I'm supposed to have like a little bit of pride I even get paid once in a while on payday but Jesus Christ Almighty this this myopic it's like it's like our people have blinders on you know all they can see is super bold and shank and shank and a civil I mean what else is going on in sports right now is there anything else going on does anybody where you're here about the panthers or is it about hurricane basketball we can talk about what here's about money we go in what else is going on now because I have a super bolson they which I realize that's big and of course on the heat that's it chat uh Josh whatever your name is can you Josh check what else am I missing is there something else going on I mean that in hockey that's it let me say it again nobody oh I believe I know that I'm just saying no there in South Florida cares about hockey no a river if they would know Ed Belfer from zombie health row okay they haven't got any idea what I'm talking about so I think I got my time right on there that's all there is super bolson so it doesn't require that much effort to go out of your way a little bit and say hey guess what we realize it's bogus and it's it's here to make the other guys look like contenders and and you know you can go on and say well when the boat comes out that's all that counts well take a look at that December number okay so maybe the dolphins did win six and row and maybe they got a little goose from that but guess what maybe that wasn't it maybe that wasn't what it was all about I don't know because I don't listen to them even if I was in town I wouldn't listen them under primarily a death but the fact that it matters is that they're out there like tugging away and we're sitting back like and in these guys I'm like the other ones it's not like life on a flea off your ass like the first fan eighteen hundred on the dial then nobody could pick up but at the Joe Berry and Mortiss these distraught and the other swirly I mean these guys got mostly swirled on the year two separate Joe but they got so yeah our daddy's money this one Joel fineberg's daddy and the stew god's his daddy they got some money behind him and a lot of those people used to work on his station so they got a bug up there as they hate us like poison they'd like to they would do anything to her does so I heard yeah and that what that's what Joe Bell said they would do anything to punish us and I said believe me if anybody deserves to be punished oh look at this look at the Katrina hearings to the first ever yeah there you go it's chocolate ray my god he is he's done more than a box of chocolate is a Denver than a box of her she's chocolate you know something I would have rather had her she's candy bar than that milk a bar that John Jura sent with all her she's actually they make they make candy bar would like what's the one they got I get one every now and then I hate to admit it no they got a they got like a furniture stuff in it like almonds and also like some um a coffee that's the one yeah we get them by the bags sometimes that we don't go crazy but they go sir good all men's coffee now I would have rather had one or two of those than milk a bar crack that John Jura sent here because of the fact that had a swastag on and he was very impressed by the refrigerator you put up in the exam back after I ate that they not only did my blood sugar roast scour rocking I started goose stepping around the studio although you can't pass up a good goose let me say it again you find a goose bullet okay here's our pull from yesterday I want her ramble on for four hours all I probably should I should just and then Cindy she and get selected because they didn't like her t-shirt last night and I've got her response to the original story I got marine doubt her column good and after that I just might start screaming for four hours I'm just losing right on the year and then the fact that you're you know little league program director needs you to go in there for twenty five and not probably him I need I beg your pardon I wouldn't say need he wanted to have a conversation with somebody why back to him why to a to be in touch to be involved to a to tell him that this and he of course he just might to be in touch guess what clearance it's not personal it's only business you are drowning in a sea of an episode you haven't got a clue what we do not a clue here's the poor for me yesterday what was the best half-order restaurant to close in last twenty years fifteen hundred forty seven votes Burton jacks two seventy five overwhelming what a shame yeah the sure miss Mr. ego and that peppercorns used to hide some in his acto wolfies one sixty nine Tupper next seventy after this first two it's a long-hung drop down to the companies where the old people see them this week low in the silver put them out of business and wolfies as well the studio sixty eight off ready we missy badly quirky's in north Miami Beach fifty six fantastic field tickles and out of this world particular matters may be a little potato pancakes will secure free good coal slots and great coal sloth see ordinary coal slies like you know that's right but their coal sloth was really had the tazaz to it had some schmots down under fifty four my pie that real thick pizza fifty two my coordinates fifty one Mr. Coney on fifty eight toilet New York steakhouse forty seven beast eight Charlie's forty six to sangria and the audience can eat purely trim I and I say that every time I mention that but that's the only thing I remember there I don't I don't because it's called beast eight Charlie's I remember the meat was any good or not you know about a beast eight there Charlie's no and I kept thinking about Houston Houston is not a steakhouse I don't care what you guys try to give me a song and that's not what it's famous for what's it like sandwiches and kind of artsy Farcees salads with a honey mustard dressing that's not of this world and I got like all all kinds of stuff like that big burgers it's not a steakhouse why I mean I talk to some people about your face not a steakhouse but it's not famous for anything in particular that's for damn sure and that is true but it happens to be a very good place just because it's not famous does mean it's not a good place I said it was fine but I'm just trying to tell you okay I'm not I don't want to argue if you had a steak and you enjoyed it that's not the place I go for steak go to terrorist steak and lobster I find new sponsors out of this world okay go to a place where there's known for steak in fact there used to be that place on the causeway there by where we used to work called the place for steak I wonder why they called it that I don't know probably cause it was a place for steak anyway these things are always 46 the ground and it's like people like going to like a diner in the order of sir Wayne steak I mean yeah what's it gonna be you know cheap yeah and it tastes like a dog meat it is here the dog beef steak Charlie's 46 the ground around 46 Hemingways 45 guess who's a wife who's to work there I'm gonna be don't mention that one you said Burton Jackson she worked there longer because I like Burton Jackson I'm not that I dislike Hemingways I think I ate there a couple of times it was alright with no Burton Jackson no nothing was Tina's forgetting house for one I don't say that Burton Jackson was good but don't get carried away like you all emotional now wasn't that good it was very good no Mr. ego is crying when he talks about it because you see it all in freebies there yeah all for him Tina's forgetting house 40 cause of Eki affording number right there English Pub 32 El Molino and baby 32 what I was a fabulous place lay dome 31 the veto is 26 I should always see I again I forgot to mention the hand cause we got all this other stretching going on always man I was cried baby stuff and rightfully so by the way doll 24 whether you step even the waitresses used to have cheese on their back though it was cheese on everything whatever he ordered had cheese even the sodas had cheese yesterday's 24 Victoria station 23 little trains going round and round like Terry Cullin Paisano's 19 don't do dare play that Mineros steak house 17 tour steak house 17 rocky grassy and is and had 17 yesterday morning and stayed there all day so I guess all the old fools like me remember it and that was the end of that it was a good place right 135th in this game the spice apple 15 Alan Burke used to have his own table in her with his name on it 10 like I used to have it the melting pot where you wait and had that bad time thank god they were not in business on board of the same was another these people were great exactly make just a cost 15 catfish do is 14 two guys pizza 14 that was oh fabulous man it was really good give me 12 top of the home 11 thick can be top of the home in Hollywood barbecue bar in 10 clifards 10 Vinnie's 10 where you slide off the toilet seat right on the flow but not no mole the cams nine where the head of the guys in I kept seeing leotards they had what they have on loincloth they had on those things from a clockwork orange shock straps no what do they call those god pieces yeah in fact maybe that was especially the man the pinnuous piece of cod that would be the cape cod the king yes I have his matter fact lovely cats me out seven the really pub seven Jimmy Jane words six gay the flame five by me monks in had five charter hundred and charter five lot thorough of four the super exchange for a size river gate four the red coach real three smoke our star barbecue three Cisco's two man seniors one and the colors didn't have any all man oh man we got too many glamour there well as what is wrong with you people that place was awesome I mean granted they had like pizza but they also had all the oil and pasta that was a good place pepper pines tapped in whatever tapped in Douglas actually you ever eat them in the colors no that was a fabulous place none nobody said that well you mama okay your taste is a lot of you like an alias dream to okay and believe me you can have all you want it's all yours and some people even like those milk a chocolate bars man my golden retriever dropped a lot better stuff in my yard than that's oh god oh it's been in the chocolate suffering in the super dome in the there you go he is just he's scary hey how better name I'm a home on the rain that's where you're fairy I guess what was on TV last time is not to matter each time but I sure show it a lot too and every time it's on I just didn't hope that can't turn it off. I give up standing in the shadows of the motor. Yeah, alright, what's it again? You know who I like? I mean I love Ben Harper but you know how we like the best John Osborne. Oh, she's so good. It's scary. Very good. And you know it's toward the ass end of the movie when she does what becomes the broken hearted right and the guys like conducting the orchestra. You know, we which is I can fixated on that because the rest all the other songs that people sing he's not doing that. I don't know what he's doing or who he is. I think he's I don't know who he is. He just walked it up the streets. I think it could be it. God, that is just so and you're why I'm a drummer just go and nuts there. It just it's just too good to be true, you know. By the way, I think I call him I'd have mentioned it but I've seen the advertisement for them there on tour. The phone for others? Yeah. Oh man. I'm telling you, I mean, you know, like what do I know about anything but I still say if if they would if they would get the recording artist, Gerald Iverte and Ben Harper and Jonas born and everybody except for, um, Chaka Khan and the other people who were in that movie and do all the motons stuff and make like a double set CD it would sell as Indian copies and I go on by a hundred of them. Yeah, that's the old one. I mean, God. I mean, see him the eyes, he always wanted to begin to live. If that's what I'm going to. I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place where I'm going to the place EVERYONE ministries! What we found from the broken heart You have loved that from the heart What we come from the broken heart And tell me What we come from the broken heart And tell me Tell me What we come from the broken heart Tell me Tell me What we come from the broken heart And tell me What we come from the broken heart Tell me What we come from the broken heart And tell me What we come from the broken heart Tell me What we come from the broken heart Tell me What we come from the broken heart Oh, right Oh, right This way you're almost like a limp, you know I think you'll cause Josh as you see that movie And I think you want to bring it in Since I did send it to you my own great science Copyright there on my bookcase right next to the bed As a matter of fact that was my own personal copy Which I sent to you because I was in so anxious for you to see it And then I went out and bought my own Hey, like that That was the copy that suds had said up to you That is correct Thanks again suds What goes around comes around I'll bring this to you And that you enjoy Standing on the shadows of motor I was talking about movies This one's good, this one's socks This movie is so good And yes, it's a documentary But boy, it's fabulous It is just fabulous I find it fascinating God, what is not to like? Unless you didn't like that music Or a private Okay, if you like the music, yes, well We don't like you, how do you like that? Not don't take in personal But if you don't like motor, we just hate you like poison Okay, when we hold down something like music That's correct, very well put If you don't like this movie then you don't like movies You like that guy to call it Why do you talk about movies? That's my, I mean, who do how like movies, you know? God Like why would you talk about food and restaurants? Who do how like food? I don't know, you would be talking about Spore, where is it like chocolate? Coming evidence that the nurse in college Toes not how and she's so happy And why it means becoming evidence that you're crazy Ray, you're the chocolate crazy man 1041 at 560 WQM, a place that could drive you Into instant insanity, this place is just, boy One thing about QAM, it's got a long past, a long history I'm not so sure, about the future Man, good, and you know what, you only think that I'm thinking What are the only thing you're thinking? Because when Sarny had that poll about, you know, Jimmy Syphalis And Joe on the dolphin game and the mandate came down from our Previous management and of course you can never find out who Really was responsible, it's like it's like well who decided about His best of thing, you know? And everybody's got a different story and you can never get to Really honest answer, everybody's covering her ass, you know? That was the same thing with that So maybe our guys just assume that because it's a newspaper It's a newspaper poll, we're just going to ignore it because we've been told to do that Because I can't believe that they have so little self-respect, so little Ficy, I believe in something in this business, I know it's a very unusual Concept, you know what the word is? I give up competing, oh no, yeah, I believe in competing like big time Like I said to Hank, you're grabbing a guy by the neck and just Strangling until there's not an ounce of blood less than many You feel like you've accomplished something and you walk away And you move on to the next, I was speaking a whiny We're on notice a new, oh God, it's still even a man I made it right Haven't said about dry concepts, nothing will be about them for over 20 years They made my carpets look just like brand new and they'll do the same for you Right now I encourage you to take advantage of dry concepts, maintenance contracts To provide you with a 10% discount on all their fantastic services Including the one of a con carpet cleaning, leather drip your rental work cleaning too Dry concepts also specialize in pet odor treatment, ceramic tile and ground cleaning Matt Chris cleaning and get rid of those dust mites and lots more And during this month during February, it is February last time I checked Dry concepts has a special offer on a post-recleaning too Don't replace that expensive furniture just because it's soil Let dry concepts rejuvenate that furniture in a fraction of the cost of replacement or reaffolstering All of their technicians are especially trained and certified to provide you with the best possible service In other words, they know their crap instead of note And dry concepts you'll always get a written guaranteed price up front No scams, no add-ons at the end and professional service too So don't be fooled by the imitators, I'm sure you made a big investment while decorating your home now It's time to protect that big investment Calderite concepts today and paid rarer the palm beaches and be sure and tell them that ancient Neil Who's rocking an ancient style for a to call 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-5071 don't forget February special on a post-recleaning Calmed today or on their website it's dryconcifs.com This is Neil Rogers Today's hayっぱies from 18A ferng 아니에요 I was sleeping in the park just trying to take a scene I can't hold on in the dark It left me black and blue I'm hurt so bad I'm coughing up blood Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Don't know what this happens I took the proms to the head They took all the blame They were laughing They left me here for death I've got an ass And what a day high on drugs Yes Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I'm dying of a hit I'm lying here And I'm hurt so bad They took those baseball bats and swung them like they grew to I can ask the parents why They raised their kids this way Lots and lots of prison time They'll be the price they paid What family jaded with all those other funds? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I think Hank was talking about going up there with headphones If they don't work in no sign, they'll be no poor years We got some little cardboard thing that says He was like, my Emmy or whatever It's typical When you're working for a bunch of redneck slabs That's basically what it boils down to That's what the beeslead is You know this Yahoo entry mentality I guarantee that kid with that band you're up there in that tree I will guarantee you he was a bee'sly kin in delivery guarantee that you're life on How can that be? And that kid is not really easy to be Because you know, incest is best Man Remember the first time I walked in that building I keep thinking back of it What a bad mistake that was All that schmutz and I wasn't It looked like people were using the building as a universal Turlip Man Which was the purpose and the walls And I thought, what a toilet this place is And still is Of course it was heavily compared to the place that it were before Oh, I was talking about that other place Why? Don't talk about the building that you're sitting right now Man I just couldn't believe that anybody We were working such a festering sore And then the place you used to be And I came there that one day to pick you up Where are we going? Pick up that car of the car Oh my god, I walked in there And I thought to myself this is a radio station This is I thought there are septic tanks that have a more sanitary interior than that building What are you wearing? They used well water over there Apparently the water was in a sulfur deposit So you could wash your hands and it smelled like crap Yeah It's not like a Josh Green and the fat boy We're doing something and they're together I don't want to say what Try not to pick you Yeah, exactly Good, golly Miss Molly And that's the mentality these people They have no pride Maybe that's maybe a rubbed off on everybody else I don't know they have no pride What they do is just a money making machine It's like most other businesses now within this in radio Just a few bucks Just run them on me through there and that's it I just I'm just a guest I did the last I you know and just every time I think like yesterday We're all whipped up and becoming like a manic depressive every other day Like bill called used to say a manic depressive with no ups Yeah That's what I'm feeling like with this whole view of that place You know and you might want to talk to her and say being program director of a major market radio station Or what supposedly is is not an on the job And it learners you go kind of a occupation It just doesn't work that way, okay? We we we doing fine before At least we had somebody there we had a presence you know for we went if it And well there's so many examples What am I talking see you're letting me do it again. Oh stop doing it No, I know I was wearing doubt doing I got her she's in my pile here very soon She's like a little right after sedan All right, let's relax I got my thing here I'm gonna read these I'm gonna kill time and read these stories on a year Yeah, I saw your comment there on the Greg Code text website What about the guy's name was I forget his name they David Schmendrick But well Neil Rogers all he does his cool time with his pool all day and read the stories to kill some time They've killed some time. I asked okay I don't realize it doesn't have anything to do with ball games In addition to which he's listening anyway, right? He's not one of these guys. He's got all the you know answers in the world, but I mean time he's listening We're not just killing time. We're torturing it slowly That's it. That's what we do at 2M we're torturing you. It's slowly like that song. We're gonna go kill me no flack I'm not just playing Motown all day. Yeah, I'm telling you man if you want to see a great movie Don't take my word for it go get it steal it Render borrow it don't bring it back standing in the shadows of Motown Oh, there's a murder flag without Tony halfway on that one And I was from the movie Play Misty for me. That was in there I figured part I said yes it wasn't with him. He's wooden Jessica Walter and what's your name? The lovely from not slanting Donna Mills. What a memory. That was good movie I've seen that about 85 times Play Misty for me. It was good. What was her name now in the movie? Oh, I forgot Jessica Walter was the character. Oh, come on. Nightfielding maniac. Yeah, she was great Excellent movie. See, that's the Clint Eastwood movie. I like dirty Harry and that's just name for me, you know The only thing was, did you we've talked about it a million times when he was the district he played in the smooth jazz there in the carmel And by the way, Carmel California so beautiful. It's scary So the scenery was really good in there too, but he's playing at the smooth jazz and and he's he cues up the record by putting he puts Yeah, he puts the record on the turn table and he just he sticks the needle on it. Like while he's talking, you know Yeah, I'm gonna go cue this record up now. Wow, sure lot crumbs would say the needle Watson. Yeah, they need to take a technical advisor for that. Yeah, well It was kind of like you. I am you know, they didn't have any weird radio people I guess. Act of the Cindy she interested in the capital. Cindy she and the mother of a fallen soldier in Iraq who were reintegrated The anti-war movement was arrested and removed from the house gallery last night just before President Bush's B.S. That even addressed a police folks will men said. She and who was invited to attend the speech by representative Lynn Wolsey of California with charged with demonstrating in a capital building So capital police sergeant Kimberly Schneider the charge was later changed to an awful conduct. Snyder said both charges are Mr. Meeners She and was taken in handcuffs from the capital to police headquarters a few blocks away. Her case was processed as Bush spoke. How do you like that? While he was talking as B.S. they were prosecuting force in the she and Schneider said she and had worn a t-shirt with an anti-war slogan of the speech and covered it up until she took her seat. Police ordered that such displays were not allowed, but she didn't respond to spoke from and said Police handcuffs in the in-remotor from the gallery before Bush arrived. She was released on a robber cognizant. Some proud that Cindy's my guest tonight will see Cindy's interview before the speech. She's made a difference in the debate to bring our truth some from Iraq Wolsey offered she in a ticket of the speech gallery five seats seven row a earlier Tuesday while she and was attending an alternative to stay the union press conference by code pink A group pushing for an end of the Iraq war. She and wrapped in a bright pink scarf against the cold protested outside the White House with a handful of others before heading to the capital last night There were no cameras around but the small band faced the executive mansion repeatedly shouted you're evicted get out of our house You're evicted meaning the bushmaster. And here's Cindy's response to this story. What really happened? It's not very long, but it begins yet better. Well, it is very long. Sorry. Got nothing but time. Yeah, kill it. Cindy she and his dear friends is most of you probably heard I was arrested before they stayed in the union address tonight. I'm speechless with fury at what happened and with grief over what we've lost in our country. There have been lies from the police and distorescent by the press, so this is what really happened. The sex and notes of people stay the union address in DC where I was joined our time with persons, Lim Walsy and John Conmer's and right Malik Rahim and John Cavadal Lynn bought me a ticket of the state of union address. At the time I was wearing a shirt that said 20245 dead how many more. After the press conference I was having second thoughts about going to the state of the union capital. I didn't feel comfortable going. I knew George Bush would say things that would hurt me and anger me and knew that I couldn't disrupt the address because then it gave me the ticket. I want to be disruptive out of respect for her. I in fact had given the ticket to John Bruns who's in Iraq veterans against the war. At Lynn's office already called a median everyone knew I was going to be there so I sucked it up and went anyway. I got to ticket back from John. I met one of Congresswoman Barbara Lee staffers in the long-worth congressional office building and we went to the capital by the underground tunnel. I went to a security once then had to use the restroom to secure the city again. I took it was in the fifth gallery, front row for it's seat in. The first in a few minutes was to arrest me helped me to my seat. I had just sat down with warm from climbing a few flights of stairs back up from the back room so I answered my jacket. I turned to the right and take my left arm out when the same office there saw my shirt and yelled, protestor. He then ran out of protestor. He then ran over to me, hauled me out of my seat and roughly with my hands behind my back shoved me up to stairs. I said something like I'm going. You have to be so rough by the way his name is Mike White. Wait. Like Doug White the hockey player Mike White. Okay. We just got traded. The officer man would need the elevator's yelling and everyone to move out of the way. When we got to the elevator she cut me and took me outside to wait a squad car on the way out. Someone behind me said, that's the D.C.N. At which point the officer arrested me said, take these steps slowly. I said, you don't care about being careful when you were dragging me up the other steps. He said, that's because you were protesting. While I get hold onto the people's house because I was protesting. I was never told that I couldn't wear that shirt into a Congress. I was never asked to take it off or zip my jacket back up. If I had been asked to do any of those things, all of these things. I would have. And written about these suppression of freedom and rough speech later. I was immediately and roughly I have the bruises and muscles basms to prove it all off in a mercy for unlawful conduct. After I had my personal items inventoryed, my fingers printed and my sergeant came in with them. I shirt and said, 20245, I just got back from there. I told them that my son died there. That's why I'm the enormity of my lost hit me. I've lost my son. I've lost my first amendment rights. I've lost the country. I love where did America go. I started crying in pain. What did Casey die for? What did it? 20244 other break under Americans die for? What are tens of thousands of them over there in harm's way for still for this? I can't even wear a shirt that's got the number of troops out of the George Bush's arrogant Igwin policies are responsible for killing. I wore the shirt to make a statement. The first new I was going to be there. I thought every once in a while they would show me and I would have the shirt on. I didn't wear it to be disruptor for what if my jacket during Bush's speech. If I had any idea what happens to the people who wear shirts that make the neocons uncomfortable that I would be arrested. Maybe I wouldn't have, but I didn't. There already have been many wild stories out there. I have some lawyers looking at the filing of the first amendment lawsuit against the government for what happened tonight. I'll file it. It's time to take our freedoms in our country back. I don't want to live in a country that prohibits any person whether he or she has paid the ultimate price for that country from wearing, saying, writing, or telephoning any negative statements about the government. That's why I'm going to take my freedoms and let liberties back. That's why I'm not going to let Bush code take anything else away from me or you. I'm so appreciative of the couple of hundred protesters who came to the jail while I was locked up to show their support. We have so much potential for good. There are so much good in so many people. For four hours and two jails after I was arrested, I was let out. Again, I'm so upset and sore. It's hard to think straight. Keep up the struggle I promise I will too. Love and peace to unsend it. City Sheans response to her arrest last night for being a hardened, dangerous protest error. This is the meal Rogers. This is 5.16. This is the meal Rogers show. This is a blame. Any questions? Arriving this summer from executive reproducers Brad Pitt and Andrew Nijuli comes to blockbuster births you all in waiting for. Mr. and Mrs. Smith's genetic perfect baby. For your old manic says, a beautiful younger sibling that's known, I'll give it four or two. One year old's a herises. I laughed. I cried. I prepared a summer from an acute case of middle child's. Jennifer Winston says glad it's not the mean. It was pregnant. You see a woman somewhere. Somebody's a mega bird. This summer. See Mr. and Mrs. Smith's genetic perfect baby. Wait at P.D. for their P.D. Level two at 5.60. W.K. W.K. Let's see. What's that line up today? I don't care. Morey Dowd writes in the New York Times today. Didn't see it coming again. I don't know what you think. I mean, we got to cross over with Hank and Hank is a good people. You know, right? And of course he's in Detroit sitting there trying to do a super bowl week with very little assistance whatsoever. Except for the beast who's busy wandering around trying to himself killed in Detroit. What a maniac. He wants a mile at night in Detroit on a on a on a scorted. Huh? Well, he's escorted with his other with his better half, which is not in that is girlfriend. Just the other half of him. Man. That is a scary thing. He looks like three people. He's a walking posse. Yeah. Better watch out. There's three. A dangerous looking people. Waddle and on the street. Yeah, we don't get one head. No, boy. Oh. Marine Dowd says, didn't see it coming again. The White House would hire an anthropologist. He says, corporations have been hiring anthropologists to help them improve product designs and interpret markets. And clearly, the Bushborn policy team doesn't understand any of the markets where it's barging around an employee trying to sell a mercant democracy. The brand value of America has been in steady decline. The state of the union is sour, but the state of the world is chilling. Thanks to a hit-ously hand-handed Bushborn policy crew that was once built as a seasoned dream team. The more the White House tries to force the democracy to contest to his parts of the world, the more it discovers that you may be able to spin and scare voters in the US, but the Middle East is not so easy to manipulate. W believes in self-determination only of he's doing the determining, fundamentalist in America like the vote for Mr. Bush, but elsewhere they're violently opposing him. It's stunning that nearly four decades after Vietnam, our government could be even more culturally illiterate and pigheaded, the Bushies are more obsessed with Snoopy Gun Americans than fathoming how other cultures think can react. One smart anthropologist reinforcing the idea that mirror ring, assuming other cultures think like us, doesn't work with a lot more health than all the discredited intelligence agencies that are costing thirty billion dollars a year. But turned man! The misarraything from the brick of the Soviet Union, to 9-11 to no WMD to Osama's hiding place to the Hamas victory. Bush officials keep claiming they couldn't have anticipated disasters from the terrorist attacks to Katrina even when the got specific warnings beforehand. Busy building up to take nuclear threat in Iraq, they misplayed the real ones in Iran and North Korea, and London Sunday, Connie Rice admitted that all of our diplomats and spies were caught off guard by the Hamas win. I've asked why nobody saw it coming, she said, it does say something about us not having a good enough pulse. Instead of paying the Lincoln group minions to plant fake newspapers stories in Iraq, the Bush team by try reading real newspapers stories here, instead of simply believing any fact that makes him feel self-important, the President of my try reading history. Like many other presidential candidates have interviewed WC like Winston Churchill, but if he really had read Churchill, he would at least have understood that the Middle East would never turn out the way you expect. Churchill, the colder, rack, and ungrateful volcano would not have been surprised by the new World Public Opinion.org pole showing the close to half of Iraqis approve of attacks on American forces. Instead of the Union is a non-event, but Bob Woodruff and his cameraman, Bob Vot being blown up by roadside bomb, has forced immediate to focus on what the Bush is trying to hide, all the injured and meaned coming home from Iraq. Mark Lambert's Timespiece noted that the ABC journalist came to the hospital in Lonstool, Germany, on a military transport plan carrying 31 wounded soldiers about a normal daily influx for this hospital. As Denise Grady wrote in the Times, he survived all-rated Iraq as higher than the other wars, but the wounds are multiple and awful. Combinations of damaged brains and spinal cords, vision and hearing loss, disfigured faces, burns, amputations, mangle of limbs, and psychological ils like depression and post-traumatic stress. The oilman and chief lecturing us last night after five oblivious years about being drunk and oil, now that Haliburton and Exxon are swimming in profits, Exxon's revenues were bigger than the gross domestic product of either Saudi Arabia or Indonesia was rich. A more honest TV mama was Christine Anna Amman poor labeling Iraq a black hole. The spiraling and security disaster she told Larry King had robbed her rackies of hope, and by any indication would he take the number of journalists killed or wounded, would he take the number of American soldiers killed or wounded, would he take the number of Iraqi soldiers killed wounded contractors, people working there, it just gets worse and worse, you said. But hey, how could the voices of known Iraqi Prime Middle East country and flipping the balance of power from one sect to another without enough troops to secure it to go wrong? Who on earth could predict the inevitable? She has told me that she has told me that I've got her somewhere on the green bag. I mean, I realize it's just killing some time reading that stuff. Yeah, killing it slowly. That would be my song, or something like that. Okay, we haven't even got today's poorly, because I'm so pissed off in psychotic. I don't know. I think I need a shrink from this place. I agree. Or maybe I just need a shrink from this place. I don't know. It's just a hopeless situation. And you're being with too many people who just don't get it. They don't get it. You know what I'm saying? Wait, wait, wait. You're wasting the half an hour with this morning. Who wants somebody to pat him on a head and pretend that he's like, you know, understand what you're talking about? I just, I just, I, it's kind of like our people are the sports segments. They're like, we even a white flag. You know, okay, we used to render, okay, this is the first end of the head like any real people would real money up against them. And it's kind of like they just throw it in the towel. We used to render, okay, you guys go ahead and kick our ass. We're not going to fight back. It's like they've taken a fight out of us. Not us, of them. Excuse me. What was the biggest, who is then? And you know, I did this pull with Dennis a minute and a time before I did this today. Anticipating that we wouldn't spend a lot of time on it. Because I thought today we'd be spending a lot of time like, freeping the air on all this week. The great co-text pull and I hear a while the amount of that, you know, screw that. I'm, I'm uninvolved. I got nothing to do with any of that crap, okay? I'm in fact after the least last night after that shootout. I, I'm giving up hockey, football, I'm giving up sports. Maybe water sports, but other than that. Maybe I'll start showering with Ricky Martin all or he's not my type. But nevertheless, and I'm sure I'm not his. Who is the biggest, no, no talent celebrity of all time. 523 votes. Paris, Hilton, 171, speaking of golden showers. Rosie O'Donnell, 49, fact he's peeing at Old Style. What the cab driver said. Rosie O'Donnell, 49, I hate this pull 46. Good. P-dadi 45, Ashley Simpson, 40. Arnold Schwarzenegger, 14, J. Lothirteen, Slice the Loan 13. L. N. D. Jenner at 12, our senior hall 11, 20 Danes 11. Brittany Spears 10. T. Annel Reeves 10. Ed Sullivan 9. So I voted for him. In fact, we were talking about him the other day, you and I. Yes. And that's what, you know. That reaction to the stadium in very positive 48 percent, some are positive 27 negative 23. So how do you like that? They're very impressed by it. The fact he said nothing last night for an hour. Paris spowing it, Snoop Dogg, Wayne Newton, Nate. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. And we're legancy five, but he gives me Spilky's man. Wuppy Goldberg five, Ben Affleck five, Frank Sinatra four, Madonna four, J. Lennow three. Chin up, 5-dillon three. Ozzy Osbourne three, Courtney Cox two, Bill Shattner two. You know, they want to be a website. I did my 10 minutes of research on this for William Shattner was listed as the least talented. They really ripped him and asked. I thought he's at least got a sense of humor. You know, he's kind of funny. No? Yeah. Funny. You don't like him. Very more one. And none for tab hunter Dean Martin or Bruce Willis out of 533. Dean Martin, can he go out and outsestound? Oh, what? Oh, man. For Jerry Lewis is much, you know, we used to like Jerry Lewis once upon a time. It's hard to believe that, but you know, 100 years ago we liked him. Everybody lost somebody. Dean Martin, capital records. Everybody. Well, he had the Schmalsman. He really schmals that out. I'm, I'm, I'm, what a singer man. What is that? The door is still open to my heart. The door is still open to your one. Right, don't. Oh. Oh. What a voice. What a talent. What a, and the interesting part of it is that he was a like a Tito. I put on the image of being the drunk. I jacked plenty put on the image of being a cheap. Which he was a very generous guy. The way difference was the jack that he was funny. And Dean Martin was neither funny, mercoude he's sing. But other than that, he was great. Somebody wanted to take some calls today because I'm lost. I'm just, you know, I've had last week or so. This place, I've sent an email to Joe Bell, which I never do stuff like that. But I'm just, I can't deal with it. Because there are just too many, headless horsemen running around that joint. You know, I'm talking about, I'm sure you do. What are you talking about? And then Jack tells me a story this morning. It's enough to make you want to like, blow your brains out about how it, I don't even, I guess I shouldn't talk about it, right? Probably done. Oh, even though I haven't heard it. Am I supposed to talk about it or not? Yeah, it's just, you know, let's leave it. No, that's not. About his raise, you know, just, yeah, this and that and kind of, All of these things, yeah. Even though I was assured that nobody was going to be messing with either one of you guys and that everything I'm going to share was just AOK and everything was fine and like, Oh, we're fine. Oh, well, you know, no. WQAM, hello. QAM. WR is calling the day, man. 3. Call them more. Are you doing? Okay. I just got a question out in Europe, full for your speaker. What's up, Stan? I tried to call him, but I couldn't get in time. We lost off line? Stan's restaurant lounge. Never heard of it. Oh, I'm in a Costa Rica local park. No, never heard of it. That's probably where we left it off. Every here's Stan, I heard Stan majors. No. We left off Stan's. Well, yeah. There's 80's, 80's, 80's, 80's restaurants that are going on a business in 20 years. It's a very, yeah. I don't have to tell you. It's the toughest business to be in next to this. Somebody here to have to go. You took that poll about artists that didn't suck and, you know, you left off bread. Oh, Christ. You mean, the poll about guys with great voices, but who are really ugly and David Gates? Yeah, yeah. I remember that. David Gates and bread. I'm waiting here, baby. I'm a want to you. I'm waiting here now. Come on here. A little slow today. You're the one to brought it up. Where is where some bread, baby? Where is the bread? Where is the beef and where's the bread? Here's your bread. Let's bread butter my ass. Yeah, I'm adding here. That's a witty. The white. Oh, the pressing. What's with this? It's always really pretty morbid. Oh, this stuff was like, hi, the crazy play for me is kind of like working a few a year ago. Maybe you ever seen it? Okay, come on. Hi, David, you're ugly. The white of representative C.W. Bill Young, Republican Indian Shores told a newspaper that she was ejected during the state of the United Restaurant of Waring a T-shirt that says, support the troops defending our freedom. Beverly, untold the same p times that she was sitting in the front row of the house gallery last night when she was approached by someone who told her she needed to leave. She said she very likely agreed that argument with several officers in the outside hallway and a telephone in who the newspaper Young said she told them her shirt wasn't a protest but say message of support. A capital police sergeant Kimberley Schneider said Young wasn't ejected from the gallery. She left on her own. She couldn't provide additional details. Young's husband found out about the incident after Bush's speech and called it unacceptable. Unacceptable. And of course, you are absolutely. Absolutely. We're talking about that. Republicans, he's wearing a t-shirt and I don't know. I don't know. Probably somebody had a witted to them, you know. That's probably worth the problem with. Maybe they were at it wrong. 1114 at the 560. I wonder if our president can spell Abu Ghara, raped. I doubt he can't even say it's our hoodie's spell it. Hang this up, baby. If you're a mad at big stars, no procrastin cars and snortin stuff up the year no y'all as we are. You got a needing to support her and you're punched a red quarter and there's a picture of you with no clothes. Well, you want to find a cow, stinger, last movie clock, and why did you sell her your hair? Before the paparazzi gets you used, got to get your picture on the cover of fan of these there. fan of these, hey. You're gonna get your picture on the cover. They're mingin' all on your stage mother. You're gonna be some damage control on the cover of fan of these things. Well, thank you Ted for your nice comment on the upgrade code text. And I'm sure Ted's listening right now. You won't find anything interesting here, that's right. Another one of these are liemings. They're all coming from across the street by the way. But I'm just reading them out of curiosity because I don't really care. I'm not looking at the result, no more. No more. But I'm telling you, this outfit here, they really see a little wrong fate, you know? You guys are really doing it. Big time. 560, 50560, pound five 60, the Verizon star. 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. How many QAM hello? Scott on Neil. Yes sir. Question for you. Why did Arnold's got a business man? Too many roaches over there at the world castle room. Brown down, baby, bird down had a fire. Kill all the roaches too. Damn, what a lie. Damn. He's sorry he couldn't smoke on. How many QAM hello? Oh Neil? Yes sir. We're guarding the FPL issue as George got us far back. No. Oh man, I got a rolling blackout man. 560, pound five 60, the Verizon singular wireless line. Good calls today by the way. So far. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Are you done? All right. I had an idea for both the Brian for a bit. Do one like the T-shirt police. That you know the T-shirt police, I'm going to get your T-shirt. Like he did before with the DREAM police and the way of the radio police. The word police, yeah. Right. A T-shirt police. The golden showers police. Right. The newspaper pole police. That could be true. Okay. 560, five 60, let's take a thousand of these today. Okay. Or we could play some of that standing in the shadows of Motte. I want to go with you. Wow. Who wants to hear a bunch of that crappy music? Line 9 WQAM are intellectual line. Hello. Ha ha ha ha ha. Right. What I tell you. Line 1 or 1. Listen to those colors. You know, this is what Neil Rogers has to offer. You know what? There's more entertainment. I'm just showing 30 seconds. How many? About 30 minutes. You'll find all that other scrap puts together. All the sports quizlings get together. And what do you think? You think the dolphins can go into feed in next season? You think the staff, panthers, a girl, when the Stanley cop? You think, uh, Shack is going to like that. You think the one thing that's going to like that is going to be a pop of big roi and the Pat Riley is going to stick his head near and heal it for him. I said you want to go with him. But at Glossy, you know, that's trying to hear his got. Might be able to do it, you know. He's off that pain. WQAM. Hello. Neil, I used to love putting on my Yamate and going to pump in it. There was a door. Well, they had the best vehicles. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? All right. Hey, do you think that, uh, that's the key bit again? Maybe, wow, what's so exciting about it? I was just funny. It's funny. It's funny. Okay. Well, I'm glad you like it. That's I was pretty marginal. In fact, I got one on a Super Bowl. That's not even funny at all, but it's time to, so I'll play it. Kills some time. And that's what we're here for is to kill some of that. Reading these pondress stories and, uh, read that awful pull we got on there. Play this amazing. How many mists have we got off there? And you know, that air, everybody. Every single one of them listen right here right now. Even, uh, day. They're all listen. They're all gathered around. What are hands on there, uh, radios? W to Q a m, hello. W Q a m, hello. Q a m. Q a m. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. You know, uh, I know yesterday's poll, but there was a red backwards bar. Okay, well, I was yesterday's poll, like you said. Okay, I mean, you got cut the crap. You are so boring, man. It's just pathetic. That's the reason we take all of these calls just to give me the rest of the world a little heads up on South Florida. What's all about? And we do a fabulous job of doing that by the way. Not too good. I think the leave you me stay a way. Stayed a hell away. It could be really sorry. Sorry, Mr. five six seven. Five six. You just like when I get off a plane at the Miami International. And I see all of these people coming in and going on those cruise ships. They're like waddling to the uh, rent a car place. And I'm thinking, why are you people doing this? What do you think you're going to find here? What? And of course, let them learn for themselves. They'll go get it. W Q a m, hello. A m, hello. A m, hello. You're already so too early. So you've got elected to the uh, couple of big council. Wow. That's pretty exciting. Study was 70 years old. Yeah. Okay. Nobody cares. Come in to Q a m, hello. How about a bush years in Del Ray Beach? That was a good one. Yeah. The girls and also we missed you. Oppenose. Yeah. Yeah. We had a big fireworks there. And everybody is happy. Happy. Think just a bit of a thing. I'm Mr. Mayor. Table 125. Yeah. Okay. 56. 705. 60. Pound 56. Can we Verizon see the wireless lines? Your buddy, Mr. Goanad. W Q a m, hello. Miss Fitzcentral. Yeah. Can I have a number a with a sprite and a number four with a poke please? How about a number one number two? How about a number one number two? How's that? How many Q a m, hello. Hey. Hey. No. Are you doing today? All right. You have not looked a lot that or net. Are you going to be hit? Yeah. Okay. How many Q a m, hello? 25. 25. How many Q a m, hello? Yeah. Me. Was Georgia. Yeah. Is there any way to get back issues of the skipper truck show? No. Now see. I'm going to go a moment. Thanks for the moment. See you there. Good good. They are good. This is what we specialise. I'm a absolutely right about that. Don't like it too bad. We like it. But hey, what's that to like? That's for sure. Five, six, seven, five. Since you got to take 100,000 days today between now and two. I'm writing the mood for it. Between now and whatever we got the revolving dough at two to four. W Q a m, hello. Hi. Hey. You have a room to move in. It's this century. Alright. OK. Please leave a comment. This is the story. And on to that. No way. Who's there. No chance. W Q a m, hello. Q a m. Happy Wednesday. For more of the first kilo. The terracers. Yes sir, Mr. caller. Maybe the relax a little bit. Today you are hanging up on a lot of your colours. You know. Can't imagine why. W2YM, hello. Me, I was a female, but correct. Okay, good. W2YM became the right place. QYM, yeah. I think I have the most important thing to say. When the hell is Jim, man, that you're going on from 2 to 6? I don't know, and I don't care. How's that for you, okay? I don't know, and I don't care. That's a good step of the right direction. Oh, hey, listen, I'm not the fun anymore when I tell you that. I don't care. We've always been an island here. I don't have to tell you of all people that they've resorted us like poison. Hey, haters. Ah, anybody who even likes this show in the building, whether it's Tommy or I mean, you know, the Miguel, but we won't be associated with this show. It's automatically on the es list, you know what I'm saying? The essay is... That's one of those Neil people, bad, I like that. Because we're not part of the sports tag for turning here. I don't know what I'm going to understand that, you know? A lot of guys like to take showers together. This is Neil Roger, this is this, this is 560, James. Oh, god, Neil. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Of the, no god deal. Take counsel on me. Good guy, Neil. Push. Stop rejoining. You weigh it around, yeah? Sent up the phone Bank. She gave me the sımer out of detail, but why didn't we do the role of this? So why didn't we do the video full or two? And she says no card, and she very funny. Yeildoo Simon Lcleodles. I'm gonna tell you the show. I think the team will come from the show. And keep going. I'm gonna tell you the show. I'm gonna tell you the show. Ooh. She's a cool boy. She's a cool boy. She's a cool boy. She's a cool boy. Very timely. Not an easy, not an easy. She's a cool boy. Definitely not funny. She's a cool boy. But it goes on and on. She's a cool boy. Oh, right. I'm gonna tell you the show. Rock solid. That's great. I noticed with great interest by the way that even all my name isn't mentioned on a great code text pool that almost I would say 95% of the comments on there. Maybe 90% mentioned my name. The last circle of course in a highly derogatory way, which is wounds me to the quick. But nevertheless, you know, we're justing or if they don't, they're definitely our misfits like Eddie. Well, we got an RDA who put a you only put on about 100 times. But it's good. So if you think our colors are great, take a look at the comments and a blog man. There is nothing that the worst talk show colors in history. Believe me, we got more than our share. Don't even come close to the people who respond to the chat rooms and on the blogs. Oh, my God. And of course we already learned that on our website long ago. We didn't get that baby in the bud. And just like those comments and I had nothing to do with the pool or the question in the hand. It's just a place where people are, you know, bitch in mone and the screaming each other in the back and forth. Like how much overgrown children's. Like putting a plate of cat food out in the alley and all these like what's overgrown children's raised. Yeah, they're going to show up to it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. A lot of strays out there. Pound 5, 60 and a Verizon and cigarette or a wireless line. Join us in our intellectual direction of the president's state of the union brisseless. Come to the QA. Not there on two marked that one down on a log. On the first of February, no less. Oh, WKM. Hello. Yes, sir. New? Yeah. Oh, my God. It's you, New. You're my bull. WKM. Hello. That's me. You got it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That was a very good. Good job, too, by the way. We must have a sock over it. 5, 6, and a Verizon, cigarette or a wireless line. The whisperer doing a voice today. The whisperer. You people are real screaming. You know, the interesting part of it is the non-carbers. The rest of our audience. They came for a through for as big time as they in that pool. 891 to 146 on that pool. Just for us and for QAM. We have told you that. There's like about the same 10 people that call every day on all the show. That's just this one. Oh, I do. And the rest of them have got enough sense. They're not to be doing stupid stuff like that. WKM. Hello. Yeah, Mr. Bell gives Johnson George a raise. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, gentlemen. Yes, amigo. Thank you, sir. Please have a good morning, man. Thank you. Thank you. Trying to be there. I did it in very much into your body. I was going to go to the Congress to the man of the Bill Young wife was thrown out of the office. You just got your week night about five minutes ago, yes, sir. For wearing a t-shirt that said support our troops. But it would put about and guess what? We just invaded Iraq again. 567560 pound, 560 in the Verizon single-to-Wriest line. It's Cindy Sheen got arrested and chickens are peeing all over the place. And a killer bird for Jesus. Because then birds are going to get us. WKM. Hello. Any other? Yes, sir. That guy that called in last week regarding man, this is full of crap. Man and several said that. It was somebody that you like to be on from the topic. Yeah. He said that anybody despite the moment of being improvement in the two to six slides. Yeah, well, I got news for him. Mad, mad, if you think that we don't get along me in the moment of my Sir or Hank and Moe, Mad dog hits him like poison. But that actually is universal. Why should he be different for anybody else? You've backed the back with manage in your states. Let me say it again. As of the close of business yesterday, I don't really care what they do after two. I'm just no longer involved. They can put Chinese mizerkas on. I just don't care. Well, they're smart. They have your management backed back and then they have a hearing. Yeah, but here we are. You just said if they were smart. That's true. We used to be backed back and he had gigantic he would carry right on with a big numbers. We had the tentative, but used to. Used to and would have been sure. That's made heaven. No, okay. All right. I'm going to get a little emotional about it. Voices cracking. Should it hear it? Let me see it again. If they put on. If they put on. Elephants farting for however many are that. I'll say it. I'm going to hear that because that's still in our format. Please, Joyce, make sure we don't put that on here. So better stuff like something. You guys are on your own. Okay. I did went to back for yesterday when I got in return was like a big fart in the face. And that was in. Like whatever we do here, we're going to go out of our way to ignore it. And we sure as hell aren't going to get involved with that craft. So that's fine. That's okay. Feature of the year station man. Remember that song about to be spoiled. Be true to your soul while they're not. They're not. They're not. They're all in law law land. Nobody QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. Swarming. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. But so I'm going to be. No bill more. Said it. Right when he said, I'm just off. That most people aren't just off. Anyway, I don't know. They don't care. Most people are just. They're just. Because most of those people that. Fly the banner support you and troops are in favor of keeping the troops over their Dying. That's what I think support the troops mean to get them to hell out of their life for something that matter. Well, that's what Cindy she and said and a lot of other people but never less what they know. But she's a comedy. There you go. Thank you. Anyway, Neil on enclosing. Neil, I think they start the elections. Five six seven. He's been thinking about it for a while. He's finally come to that conclusion. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Let's get those. Voting machines in infrared. Code text before it's too late over there. The hero. You're your right man. I just I had like an epiphany. About the second one. First a couple of months. Yeah. In fact, it popped. I got in my. I don't. That's bad. And I just, you know, it's nothing. I can do. I done everything I can and if we get like a 15 share of they get a one. That's their problem. And nothing I can do about it. They will not listen to anything that we say from this show. I just we don't nothing. We're the anti sports crowd. We're the anti social crowd. We're the evil ones. We're we're see we're spreading the party. You do understand that. I'm not. I've been a bit of for a long time. I mean, how many times when parents was like, you know, pretending to be whatever he was. Did he come in there? Oh, I come on. Do I sports show? I would make a joke about doing a sports show. Oh, come on. Do it. Don't make great doing. He would love nothing better than if I was there doing a sports show every day. There's about as much chance of my star doing a sports show. Is there as a clearance to get in the brain between now and next circus? Okay. Then it going to happen sweetheart. It can happen. But we do need her a lot more about it. And if we love the panther, is there really great? Yeah. Thanks by the way, relentless when the other night. Thank you very much. Come on. Come on. Froggy. Shock more than. Interesting how auto was really kick an ass and a plane light open out. We even under old VM this year. Anybody could coach that team. That team. Dominic QAM hello. Yes sir. And we're able to watch that. Are we the last night on TV? We're able to stomach it. I saw about the last 10 minutes and I peered my guts out for about an hour and a half. I'm loyal. And although I peered my guts of the democratic response was even worse. We. Well, yeah, we know. That's pathetic. Yeah, that's a sad part. That's a sad part. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Congratulations, pal. Thank you. I won't even ask you where you're going because no matter where it is, you can be going to the Oki Fanoki Swamp would be a major improvement. I don't know. That's true. Good luck to you. Thank you, too. Alright. Oh yeah, I'm out. Honest to goodness. I mean, and I'll sit again. This show has been a barometer. A lot of people resent it all. Oh, you're wrong. You just have a bunch of idiots. No. Well, I mean, yeah. No. It's a barometer. It's like taking the temperatures, like sticking a thermometer in your window, taking the temperature of what the community. And I had this show has been an accurate reflection of South Florida for years and years. And every time I come back to town, it's worse and worse. And I look around. I see these these people driving and I say, who are they and what are they? What are they thinking about? And of course, they're not. What is this all about? Oh, postal killer may have shot neighbor before the spray. Aren't you, concerted about that postal thing? No. Aren't you going postal? Yes. I'm looking at the wrestling boss's life. I'm not. 5605, 60 good choice. How's that pull coming by the way? Let's get heavy on it. Pull. We've done this about a thousand times. I'm talking about our pull and not that other piece of turd. Who is the biggest no-town celebrity of all time? 640 votes. Parasultant to 18. She just cheeses off by herself. Yeah. Rosio Donald 57. I hate this pull 55. I've actually since in 48. He can do it. Adam Savaretteen, Tom, uh, sorry spelling. 15. I want to Tom Welling. Sorry, Tommy. Arnold Schwarzenegger 15. Slice the loan 14. He's right on Arnold's ass. Our city of Hall 13, jail 13. Alan D. Jennifer 13. No talent, Dijk. I mean none. Ed Sullivan 12. Ed Solomon. Brittany Spears 11. Tony Danes 11. Snoop Dog 10. Can he belt one out or not? Peter Reeves 10. Ben Affleck 10. Wayne Newton 9. Tom Kishre. Emma Legacy 6. Madonna 6. You remember the Hank City enjoyed the Wayne Newton Show in Vegas? No. Hank must have his blood sugar must have been way out of kilter that night. We'll be Goldberg in Madonna 6. He's going to let go for Frank Sinatra for Bob Dylan 4. I probably Bob Dylan should have been on there because at least he wrote some great music. He's been saying, but that has somebody else thing important. That's right. As you guys mourned for Courtney Cox 3, William Shattner 2, Gary Moore 1 and none for Tab Hunter. Hey Tab. You're fairie. V. Martin and Bruce Willis. I would have thought V. Martin was start moving up the list after you played some an infant fan, fan, fantastical clip. You would have thought, but no. But no. Nothing for Dean. I think since they turned on Jerry Lewis, they kind of like tune the amount of their brain. V. Martin. Twenty-till noon at QM now, let's see. What's on the rest of the day? This is Neil Roder. Lewis is 5.62. Hey. I should run around and try to face him. What a wee bear is that. You're relating an as-as-as-as-as-as-as. Travis says they are such a thing. Couple hundred for the D.N.A. One who I say would do. If he fired up a number two, grays his stories, but for Voltet he should do an as-as-A. And I'll be calling you back, sometimes the process was so highway. We're in a radio booth with the beautiful loops we've got. If they are helping me, we'll be waiting for them to come and head out. With 보세요, we will be waiting for them to come. May Frank, after the April of translates, 1142-18-025-60WQAM, the American media stood up and took notice when an improvised explosive device and IED. Previously injured and ABC News grew on Sunday. In Iraq and throughout the military there are simply some concerns for anchor Bob Woodruff and cameraman Doug Vot, good Canadian boy by the way Doug Vot, but there's also this question. Why do you think this is such a huge story about an officer stationed in Bakuba, Iraq Monday by email? It's a bit stunning to us over here on absolutely dominant stories on every networking front page. I mean you'd think we lost the entire first and re-indivision or something. There's a lot of grumbling from guys that all raced about it he writes, that's a really impolite and impolite thing to say, but it's what you would hear over here. At least 20245 troops had died in a rascence to war star 1753 of them killed in action, another 16,000 have been injured, half of them seriously enough to require evacuation to the battlefield. According to the Pentagon, 60% of deaths are the result of IEDs, which have injured more than 9200 troops, 9 times more than gunshots. The flight that's currently being made is that the press folks are more important than mere military folks they've seen your military official told UPI yesterday. The unavoidable consequence of wars this, people are savagely wounded and killed, soldiers in Iraq watching the coverage on satellite TV and reading the news on the internet are getting the impression that the press is only just discovered this fact. Will have a name? It's not quite as simple as that, of course military personnel often express frustration that the media harps on military casually reports at the expense of what they consider this success as in Iraq. However, as it prompted its story on Woodruff and Votemund the evening, the local ABC News Authority of the Washington, showed a montage of exploding vehicles in Iraq footage called largely from insurgents who videotaped the attacks and post them on websites to advertise or magnify their successes. The families of the 76 troops killed in 533 wounded in Iraq from the District of Columbia, Virginia and Maryland might say the war had already come home. It's just a bit frustrating to see something so dramatized that happens every day to some 20-year-old American or worse to 10-30-year-old Iraqis are cops along side us. Some of the stories don't even mention Iraqi casualties in this attack is that their meaning was, wrote the officer in Bakuba. Tantam Montgomery a professor at American University's School of Communication has been ticking the same thing. When you see the cut of coverage of the story is getting a draws attention to the lack of coverage that hundreds of cases don't get said Montgomery. Having a personal connection to someone injured or killed on the battlefield is relatively a rare experience for journalists. Fewer than one percent of the US population is part of the military, very few reporters have served. The war is comfortably distant until a fellow journalists is affected. It could have been you, it could have been me we think. The full way the war is hard to comprehend until it happens to you or someone you know or someone like you. Incidents like the serious wounding of Woodruff are rare, it's never happened for to any anchor person, friendly US TV networks. Consequently, it had the significant event for a value, news value. The many journalists have been injured and killed covering the current conflict in Iraq. According to the committee to protect journalists, 60 one have died from hostile actions since March 2003. Many of them Iraqi or Arab and therefore unfamiliar. That compares to 60, 60, 60 journalists killed during the interview and I'm more currently free to inform. Now, who was they? Was David Bloom? From NBC news that used to work on a channel for it on there? That sounds about right. That's right. He died from a heart blood clot. That's right. That was a long time ago. That was after that whole business about the embedded, the proud propaganda spreading embedded the journalists. Because he had walked around a mover and much of a sudden, you got that clot and all of a sudden, but a being and that was in the him. Total needlessly, totally, and again. And when I watched, you know, I only did watch the last ten minutes and I wasn't going to watch any of it. But I watched the Democrats, you know, after the Republican, we got to buy every time Bush farted or like a reason I brought it. And he heard that Democrats very reluctantly, but all standing up to just to make sure that the cameras of the day weren't there. You know, a couple of times, like I was heard, and they said afterwards, because I didn't watch the earlier part, only a couple of times did they not stand up. Like we had said, let's kill all the facts. They didn't stand up. That was bad for business. Or let's like, you know, let all the people talk to people started that. They didn't stand up for that. Then make you want to puke? Yeah. No balls, baby. That's the problem when it's world. So a few people would balls. That's why people like Cindy Sheen and Michael Moore, they get to trash all the time. You know, a smear and smear. Oh, they're a communist. They're sympathizing with the enemy. Just smear and smear or man. Anybody's got there's to open up their mouth. Follow me. Same thing. Oh, he used a class of eye documents. And at book, he was going to send him to death row, shut him up real fast. I 6705, 60, we're having our very intellectual discussion about the president and the state of the university. Very weak, weak, weak, need democratic response last night. We're going to break it down. Debra, a democratic response was very much like the QM sports crew. Impotent. WDQAM, hello. Any are you doing, man? All right, Bally. Yeah, actually, I was calling in the same time that I was talking. I just wanted to leave in South Florida. Yeah. I was calling in and so you were exactly the same thing. I'm out of here. I'm out of here. Good luck, Pally. Thanks. Thanks. Congratulations. People getting out of there. They can smell the daffittals, man. It's a smell of daff. Especially in Hollywood where he is. Well, you're in Hollywood. Can you smell the daff? It's about the which way the wind's blowing. Oh, man. I don't want to see that. Bring the woman to continue. I need to present it. You should have a good one. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I don't want to see that. Bring the woman to continue. I need to present it. You should have been public there. No. I can't stand the sight of Mrs. Lindblon. Let me turn over to M&B. MSNBC. Okay. They probably got somebody more palatable on there. In fact, what are they showing? Broken borders. They're showing all the illegal aliens pouring across illegal aliens. How do you like those comments? That was also that last part I seen last night. I didn't see any part of it. Thank you. Well, I saw only the last ten minutes. And once I turned it on, I was only the only reason I stayed with it is because I was curious to see the response of the peanut gallery there. And I should like, you know, although he made, just as I was turning on, he made some comment about how me and Bill Clinton, you know, and I showed Hillary and she had kind of like, like, like, she just smelled the bad fart that kind of look on her face. You mean that was she always has? Yeah, that's exactly that's a one. Like, we all saw her look. Like some 600 pound chocolate lady just farted in front of her. Ooh, like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, or maybe she wasn't upon a time worth a QA and that might have had something to do with it. And that's sour. Look on your face. WQA, I'm hello. I know how you doing. Okay. I just want to thank you if my may are. Welcome. And forming me of the news and what's going on in the real world out there because I just can't stomach watching it on TV or listening it, you know, it's just you, you're it. I am it. I'm the source being on the source where you're at. Twenty eight. I hate that thing, but I am going to be on 24, 7, 20. I'm going to be on 26 eight. How do you like that? Well, now because you definitely deserve your role vacations and all the pun you have. But I'm listening to you for 20 years and I have to say I get. Get months to this for you. A lot of good stuff. A lot of bad stuff. Yeah, but there's to be a lot more Cindy cans that's for sure. You said it on a you say. I understand why these people are for anything. I just, I just, I'm, I'm about to, but also somebody would know talent and if there's just a disgusting pig, I can't figure it out. It's court need love. I just, um, there's maybe it's a guy. I think I don't know or. Well, you know, I do. I mean, we have Courtney Cox, I do, but not Courtney love. So let's put her on her. I get that on her. Josh right away. There's one. He's disgusting. Yeah, man. And thank you. I'm going to. Courtney love her. She's got a nice for news. I want. I want to be a little bit. Exactly. Have a great day. Maybe she's the one that's for it in front of Hillary last night. Have a great day. 5 6705 60. Town 5 60. The Verizon and Siggeter Bible Slime. We're just rolling along. Taking 4 5000 calls every day now. That's my new deal. All right. Get a lot of these calls in here. Now, he's stupid as senior killing time reading news paper articles on the air. You know, and those intellectual people from across the street data want to hear that. Of course, they are listening, but they, you know, they're going to be shutting the out like my old mailman Rick. They're reaching for the dial right up. They can't quite reach it or the dial either. They're reaching for it. Who the hell are you people kidding? God. And the proof of the pudding is that yesterday you can be danger that the juice and toast in the house for Tata and Amla, they were banging away to on that pool and they got a 146 votes to our 81. They really, and it's probably the whole audience who voted twice. Who are they kidding? But you know, see now they're feeding their oats and they're thinking, hey, that Rogers, he said they're throwing in the towel over there. We really, we really, right. And they are. They are. And Karen's just sitting there having George come and explain to him what, you know, who's on first and what's it all about that? That was, you can ask, Josh, I kept asking, what is that? What is he in there for? What is that all about? Just talking, talking, crap, man, talking, trash. You can, you can be talking to the janitor and have a more intellectual radio conversation. You're talking about radio, not about sports. Don't you understand the difference? You're talking about broadcasting, broadcasting like laying my fence, broadcasting. Like Mike Losentop, live casting, like Gilbert. A podcast. If you have a few, that's it. So I got to do with ball games. Now what's that I got to do with a stupid bull? And most importantly, what the hell is it got to do with that? Would that big head and goofball? Huh? Got it. His head is bigger than some planets in the solar system. Now you're ready to hit. I will guarantee you when that damn thing they send up is going to take nine years to get there. And it's going to cost billions of dollars already. When that gets to Pluto, they're going to see it just the size of sharks head. Oh, it's bigger than your eighties. That's what you think. You ain't seen my in his lately. Has he gotten bigger? Uh-huh. Who is this? WQAM Hello. Hello, that's a good move. How was that show in the series? WQAM Hello. Talk about steel news. QAM. There's no, no, on the outside control. WQAM Hello. QAM. QAM. Yes, my name is James. I'm calling about your we need actual sales people who can actually sell advertising. I don't think we haven't had any of those. Thank you. Well, you're not firing me. Yeah, we are. Every day. Yeah. Yeah, James, every day we're hiring. We just hired 75 people who didn't have a bitch. They are finding a lady from, for where she viral beach. Who told me that she used to sell my show when I was on at the station up there in Vero Beach. But she sold you the chunks of you. Yeah. Now that's what she said this morning. She used to sell my show when I was on her station in Vero Beach. I said, honey, I was never in Vero Beach. It's not exactly my idea of what I'm shooting for. You know, well, maybe it was when you were syndicated in Vero Beach. Oh, you're never. And it took me about 10 times to convince her, hey, I was not on your station lady. You never sold my show. You haven't got a clue what you're talking about. And it was not on your station, okay? It seems the right. I'm sure it was. I could have been that other Neil Rocker. Probably Neil Boards. You know, Neil, a Boards? Do they? W 2 I M. Hello. Losing you Democrats. Just go south. Some medicine. W 2 I M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It's very drill bit. Followed up to Joe and Gloria all for you. W 2 I M. Hello. If drill this. W 2 I M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Mark the store on your pole. Mark the store, man. She got the talent or what? Neil, for this day, I swear I couldn't tell you what the hell she's known for. She's known for baking cookies and going to do her cookies. Sugar cookies, you know. That's all right. Good choice. Okay. And it's sure her is that you're fired at Martha. How long now I said about five minutes? I should've got to hire something. Huh? She got fired at it. That's what I'm saying. You fired at Martha and you're out. Go back to the way to go. Do not pass, go. Do not collect 200 cookies. Whatever. Go. Hey, in fact, I said, another one. That's Oprah. It's the nice book club she's got going. But all I'm funny. Oh, I didn't know when I feel betrayed. And all you stupid housewives out there that listen to the crap I am. Man, that right there. That should tell you all you need to know about America's the, all that. That bitch has got. No matter just like when the priest get busted with their hands down the kids pants. Oh, just, you know, isolated incident. Faith, faith, peace. Let me say it again. All you parents out there. Don't trust your kids to a guy and where's the dress. I could be dream of when I tell you that. But that's just my feeling of love. That's that area you know about. Yeah, I know all about that stuff. WQA and hello. And when you say that area, are you talking about between the, the appropriate and the need, the solicitor area. QA, QA and hello. Yeah, we should be saying that. WQA and hello. Oh, we haven't heard from him in a long time. WQA and hello. We're both back now in the gay agenda being set in motion. You better get used to it, Valley. Get the lotion for your motion. WQA and hello. And so we're back. Now, I'm at spell. Oh, we're fine. I didn't like that. Maybe Danny is one of his relatives. He's coming up with Danny. Stewart died. He had danced to her died. Okay. It happens to the worst of us. He's dead. We'll be hearing from him no more. Well, actually, we're fine. We can't go think we want more lives than with that thing. Oh, we're just like he got it said. He's been there for years now. And then he died. He sees you dead. And then he looked up to his promise. He did. He died up to his promise. WQA and hello. Yes, I am. Hey, in a in response to your. And I'm really in a very box still alive. Yeah. You know what's the strategy, Roy? Yeah, I know Larry box box. That's how it Larry answered the phone. He's still doing good. Well, that's good. I told him you had to let him get it in the show. I didn't want to let his boyfriends or what? No, no, no, no, no. Okay. All right, go baby. Okay, thanks. Larry box is still out. It's good to hear it. This regards, Larry box. He just got a gravely voice. That's all. What was things? He's a good guy. Never stole a free train. How many votes we got on our pool? It's something. It's a relief. I don't have to keep going back and checking it. It's stupid or the thing. There was a lot of work yesterday. And I thought I could have something. I was all. See, I didn't think this was the thing. That was the flating. It was the flating because I felt like, man, we should put them in air place. We kicked their ass. We were handing the baton off there to the bowlmiser at two. It was big and mooched Colin from the University of Dodge. And they can man, oh man, we're going to just paste a wall at their ass. And then that was him that. And throughout the day, I'd come in here in the 891 turn to like 903 and 905. Yeah, they're 146 turn to like 357 and 528. And I'm thinking, there's something that I'm not going on over there. You know what I'm saying? Somebody dropped the balls. Well, and that, and while they're wasting their time, and pulling that pole, we were doing important things. Yeah, that's right. And what else? And don't forget about that super bowl. This is Neil Rogers. Set a home-lans security top range, advising you to boot duct tape on your radio. When I raise the warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Get grandma and grandpa, the gift of today's hottest music with Senior Bob. Oh god, no mom! Hey, Zeus, you're a gold and nice. Come, String machine, and you win the brook. See, your Bob features the greatest hits sung by the greatest generation. I walk this empty strip, and then pull the bar, go, go, go, go, go. Yeah, Senior Bob covers all your favorite artists like that whippersnapper M&M. Those catch-oed Nancy Boyce, win 1802, and those brazen young hussies, pussycat dolls. Don't show me, sir, late-wife, I just like me. Don't show! We're not show! Make up the cat area! Senior Bob is not available in source that the band from the nursing home drives do. Still cold now. There we go! The swirled one of each other! Two, three, two, three, and bear one! A tire, come on, do it. One, and five, six, whatever you QA, I'm happy. Happy Wednesday, February 1. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, it's all called Wednesday, baby. I do have a few more things in my file, but you know, something these calls are so damn illuminating. Aren't they? They are. I like them. Five, six, seven, all five, six, the pound five, six in the Verizon singular, wireless line. We got a ball game tonight? No, we don't. Good. WQA, I'm hello. We are all in the home. We are all in the home. We are all in the home. We are all in the home. It burns. That's not like Linda, didn't it? That was Linda. Or Ed Burns. And we had a guarantee it was Linda. Either that or Don's Johnson. Five, six, seven, all five, six, ten, we're analyzing last night's address by your President. And believe you made this crowd we're hearing from today. It was their President. They've no mistake about that. And then, of course, the phenomenal week-need democratic response. Pound five, six to end of Verizon singular, wireless line. Nobody QAM, hello. Don't forget to take the silverware at Duffston, never find. Where everything tastes the same. I don't know. They stole the silverware at Duffston. Remember that at Pines and whatever? That's a long time ago. Yeah, long, go Duffston. Smorgasboot. Where everything was like mushi. It was good for the old far, so it like gummed their food. And have they have any teeth that eat a Duffstuff? This spaghetti tasted like the mashed taters and the custard tasted like the gel. It was fabulous. Oh, somebody QAM, hello. That was our movie. Both of my back get the glory hall. WQAM, hello. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, I know Grace got to have something to do while he's in there and is under where. You know what you said yesterday was when we were on the building. He was under where hand and out the arbitrage books. Well, I didn't say his underwear. Somebody else, somebody else. WQAM, hello. Hey, it's the movie that that line number. Good. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Dr. Phil on your pole. Oh, it's your pole. Like there are my poison. He'll go zoom it up there. Every time we do one of these negative three poles, he does very well. He should win this one hand down. Okay, thank you. Hands down your pants. Yeah, we've done this pull about 45,000 times, but I already told you everything. And I didn't. And that's okay. I make no apologies for it. Now this is what I've got to do today. Huh? This is what you can't do too often. And we never had any Solomon on there before. So let's see. What you say is look at his day who actually likes this show. I can't believe that. We have one. One for the pool. I guess it's border line. If you're, oh, yeah, she has no talent at all. And she's 57 years old. Van Hawaii. He says, I guess it's border line. She would consider celebrity, but oh, she's a big celebrity. All right. You could meet Pat and Van. They're bigger than Halavai in Jerusalem, man. Once upon a time, I considered Pat and Van. But that was 30 years ago. No one has ever made as much money. Yeah, with his little town as Van Hawaii. Before the technology boom, she's through a little work by a physical attorney Blender's. But now all the bitch does his touch the screen. She just touches it and lights up. Right. What she doesn't really have to touch it either. But, you know, no, it just exists for show. It's like now when you get a spin and we go to fortune and like it be a slice. It's a sister show because the computer already decides it's going to give you like 25. Oh, it's 25 again. She must have a shiny golden horseshoe shoved away up there because no one has been lucky in this dump which says, Jay, I see her. I threw up in my mouth a little bit. Kind of like Dan Rather. Thank you, Jay. Here's a guy that actually still likes to show. We got one. We got one. Now we're building man. We got one. We love that. The arrogors. Yeah, see this is probably all month long. The month of February is for my 30th anniversary in a market on March 1. We're going to be getting nothing but heat all month. Which is fine, you know, let it out. I understand I can handle it. I'm getting paid a lot of money to accept your venom and spew them. 567. I feel a lot better though. Put none MSNBC. Even though they really have a crappy news staff on there. Yeah, but they don't have a day now bash. And they don't have this is Limbaugh. They don't have that one. I can't think of her name all the way. That's on the afternoon. And they don't have the situation around with wolf. But what's great. Well, he is evil man. It really is easy. Just country can dramatically improve our environment. That's where it am sure about getting your ass out there. 567. 560. 560. The Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Finally, I think I've finally shaken the QM Goulders. I've finally come to my senses. Just forget about all of it. Okay. You know, ask now what they're going to do for us because we already know the answer. It's going to be, oh, it'd be go. Nothing. All we do like the big rock solid. Oh, and everyone in the audience does too. Last time I checked the last night he was doing okay. He was the least hated. Okay. WQAM Hello. You never Sweden half and this can't go apart. Have you heard? I did you remember the Sweden half of this day. I remember the Sweden half, but why not do it that normal? Okay. Let's see. I yesterday's full. I remember it. Big yellow signs. Sweden house. Sworg is bored. I remember it. Hey. Remember. I remember a lot of other things on this game. But we're not able to taste you. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. And you know. All right. That's a great point. It's very frustrating to see. They've asked you to Democrats have bush up against the ropes. It's a whole, um, Valerie's saying situation they've all coming out in units in the saying that bush live bush live. I want to not to check Abraham's situation. And what about the, uh, what about the Duke hunting and situation? What about the scooter? Let me situation. And what about Pardibita? But it looked about all these things. Yeah. But then put a point is that they have the American community and all these guys. Right. They were all in units in saying that bush live. But then when the American people say, oh, it's unique. They're all saying this next one says that. No, we then that's right. Because the Democrats can't get their act together. That's right. And then when you see that night when bush is walking in without a watch. I just thought of our part. You see the Democrats, even the black congressional car. Oh, I guess. Kiss and water cheek is shivering. And now what's almost up. Noxious one was his Mary Landron and Mary Blanca blanco there from Maluziana. They were patting them on a back after this page and kissing his ass. It was disgusting man. He's put fake and he's got a so outweighs and they see what he's doing to the country. It is like we have we have no chance. I'm going to burn to just give him a little bit of part. There's nothing else left. There you go. Amen. This is just enjoy your life, man. It's all I can tell you. Now I'm killing myself right now. All right. Good luck to you. You're killing yourself. You're killing yourself. I got news for Democratic Party. He worth killing yourself for. Believe you, me. They're killing me. They're killing all of us. We need bunch of wimps. They're just like our sports people here on QA and we need no fight in them. It's an okay. No combativeness. And last night man, thank God I didn't see only more than that last 10 minutes. I thought five of that would be over with all right. I thought it was safe to like flip by CNN. And there he was when I went on forever. He went past in a clock I believe. Oh brother. It was really and who's this bitch? They got an MSNBC with the frizzy here. Who should we? Drama from that guy. They're like the amateur hour. Poor Keith Olderman. He actually wants to be too easy. It is a pretty interesting show. Nine minutes after noon at five. 60 of the beast is lost in nine pounds. He's on the way to get in good shape for that wedding this summer. And you can do the same because balance for life is done at again. Just in time for Valentine's Valentine's Day. Pant for your significant other. And yourself at the same time with the lysis gourmet meals and snacks. Delivered every day for less than 20 bucks a day. Now this new deal I got going for is the double deal. And if you sign up now, balance for life will give you the book. What's what to eat in the zone? The secrets of the zone diet with recipes and helpful hints by Dr. Barry Sears and Brian Sears. Now you and your spouse right or a coworker can both share the benefits and convenience of the zone diet. You both get your choice of two meals and a total of two snacks. Two bottles of water and two utensil packs. That's a real double deal. And delivery right to your door of course. And that little black sack is included. Besides enjoying the weight loss and health benefits of balance for life, you can really enjoy the convenience too. If you know you're going out to dinner, you can choose to eat just breakfast and lunch. You can choose to eat your two meals per day anytime that you want. And don't forget, balance for life is the only service that lets you choose your meals. They give you a menu every week and you pick out exactly what you want. So grab a friend right now and call to get signed up and start receiving meals and get the book. What to eat in the zone and start watching that ugly, the dilating fat just slide right off your fat ass. Call balance for life at 866-225-4543. That's 866-225-4543 around the web. BalanceforLife.com. This is meal Rogers. This is 516-286. Floor the Panthers hockey. All the honor of drops here. Friday nights against the Atlanta pressure. Trimming by team. Like some research at 7 with Panthers bringing right here. Sports with you five-six weeks. You ain't bad. You got... Tonight's all of all new sleeping with the stars. Okay Bobby, you selected the jungle room. Now let's see which celebrity is waiting for you in bed. Whoa, these are sir. I thought you were dead. I thought that this mouth will be a funny discolored girl. Let's go to rock your world. Oh boy. I've seen the stars. You haven't seen them a long time. In a way, you never won. Is this a seeton? So, Richard does them. What's your name? What's your name? Oh hello, Mike. Welcome to my autopsy. It's Elfrey's. I'll get a sleep in one of the stars. Thank you. To be on television. Now, there are on top of you. Connie Steven's. I heard a crush on you when I was 12. Now, you're crushing me. It's a little bit of nostalgia. And a whole lot of nasty. No, the sleeping with the stars. From 13 to 560 WKAM happy Wednesday 2 at the first of February, I've got a whole new altitude now. I don't let me hear off. All right. It's your studio straight. Wait till Josh tells you about that whole deal here. Okay. You tell me, yeah? No. Oh well. You'll blow your brains up. Very sad, again, I'm beginning to see that that whole, you know, people tell you stuff, but it would be good. But if we're about an end, don't turn up to be what they tell you what it was. 560, 0560, pound 560, leave a rise in the singular wireless line. El Presidente, your thoughts positive or negative. Let's do a last-liter positive or negative pull. Not what you say. How's it going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You were right. God was he ever right. But what? Not about cancer, but about about this business. You know, about writing the judgment about this one or that one or whatever. It all smells the same. You know, like when you fall on a subject to take it all, they all smell pretty much the same. Just a different, different degree. How many QAM? Hello. Do you have a bubble to read a cost? How many QAM? Hello. How you know a meal from George? Yes, sir. I've been looking for that thing you play with sounds like a nursery rhyme. I should have songs, sounds like they're going to see forbidden words and then they don't. Yeah. And I can't find it for the life of a thing. What do you mean you've been looking for a wave in a like in the garage or in the attic? We're looking for it. I don't understand what you mean you've been looking for. Online I've been trying to find it. I'm wired to solve for the search that I've been trying to go for. Where do you want me on this, do you? You mean that? There was a no farmer who we had no tea rhyme. Is that it? That's it. Oh, okay. Well, guess what? What? You found it. There was a no farmer who lived on a rhyme. He said in the middle just say, He missed his set some boys who were down by the brick. There feed in the water. There is on their marbles and play things and at that passports. There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white club beat duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spend fallabois in the barnyard where shoveling, Reptius and later from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow, Down by the duck, he looked like a man with a size of bullhole in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her phone like they should show him her little pet dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she let him grab hold of her small tender and whip up movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked down his candy so tasty made of butter, And then he's spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this in 30, you can go for yourself. That's rude. The process team team has been looking for a dish found. This is the place you're looking for and this is where you'll find it. And if we can't find it, we'll find it. And I'll give you a example of that. They can come up with all the eventemmoness, this is probably a great co-tex, It's where most of them have been a master. And that's fine. But the one thing they can come up with that, we got over here. Okay, that they'll never do put here in the many years. You know what it is? An audience? Well, we'll be side by that. Right? Right? Babu? Babu? He's only on her, about what? 4,000 times? Now we're talking Steve what's his name? McAlley. McAlley. And what's the name of his business? Bexel. Bexel corporates. He's actually a big cheese over there. I don't know if I'm on the ice there. I see him in a spare time when he's not writing a lot of business. Well, now what do they do? What kind of business is the armature crazy old business? And like that, having machinery something I haven't really. Well, I think maybe he's been steering too much heavy machinery. See, that's the sound that having machinery makes. Maybe that's why it's like... Oh yeah. So you guys may have all your misfits, but you never, without that's armistory. Okay? They can help us. They're just jealous. That the garage is he ain't, uh, worth a crack. He's a real rat. They can have run and Gilbert and Reverend John. They're not any. Not any. And we'll make him pack his deal, okay? Maybe Ron and Gilbert and the guy with the ice. Oh, yeah. He got with the I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. And his David Cassidy blow up dog. Tell me the Q-A-M-Hello. Hey Neil, hey, don't buddy. Okay, pal. Good. Neil, I got a question for you. Maybe, still. I know you're a big, confident open. Okay. I need to know if, maybe I can have a couple of minutes of your time and just, uh, answer what? What? What? What? Okay. I go to the track almost every single racing night. No, I've been going there. What's that? I said, yeah, full of his money are soon parted. Go on. I know it's- If this is going to be about harness racing, it's going to be a very short call, my friend. No, it's not. It's actually- What does it about? It's about losing your ass at the track? No. Well, almost that. I guess I said, uh, Neil, I've been going there for six years. Yeah. And I was actually told, uh, I was actually thrown off the track the other night. Good. Well, that's a good idea. I'm glad. And I was going to find Bergen, the Steve Wolf and Weber else through the, uh, turn off the track. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and you better watch it because, uh, Bruce Day, uh, Drain here's going to be a real danger if you're, mess with him. And while he hens he, uh, he knows all the right people. He gives someone those guys from Nova Scotia down to kick your ass. Anybody know what I'm talking about? What do you call that? No, and that's why they're grand. That's why they gravitate toward the show. They can talk all the cramp they want, but they're, they're fascinated. They're obsessed. Because they have a, they have a, they have a language I'm speaking. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But what about that? Yeah. How about that Super Bowl? We're talking, see, or is it, I don't, I couldn't care less. You know, I don't like the stevers. I don't like the sea hogs. I guess being an A, a Patriot guy should probably be with the A, of see, what do you think, Josh? Um, yeah, I know. Yes. I mean, you hate the stevers. So I don't really hate the stevers. Yeah. I mean, I hate them when you're playing the Patriots, of course. But then, uh, I don't know. I mean, Seattle to me, like leaves me to limp, you know. I like the city. I might be rooting for him. No, no, no, I'm not talking about the city. I never been here. But I'm just talking about the team. Like, uh, I don't know. Do they need their fish or foul to me? The NFC, in fact, all NFC will be there. They'll be there. I mean, so many marginal, you know, the red skins, uh, phony baloney, the giants. Oh, my God. And that Peyton Manning's assisted a quarterback. Oh, brother. You know what I'm saying? And I see it as a deserve to the A, F, C's where it be at. When you're Greek, we got the doll face. They're going to go 16. Oh, you'll see. Kind of on defeated the scene, dolphins. And then we'll hit her on the other place. What are we going to do then? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line. You're, you're a take. Uh, fun, a super bowl. I'm George W. Bush. On the incredibly weak democratic response from at the fruit-faced governor of Virginia. Boy, he was lame. W. K. O. A. M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if she fits the celebrity part, but I know she's no talent. I bought Rita Cosby. Rita Cosby. She's a celebrity man. She's big and I miss NBC and she can't speak. Good one. Thank you. Rita Cosby. She can't speak. Maybe we can put her on and still let him our tens. What do you think? Or maybe let him our tens. I'll take lady. He looks better. Yeah, that's true. Oh, God. She may not be able to speak, but she sure is all that I look to. But she's got what a cow. She doesn't care how it unnasty. She's nice. I got it. My God, even Carl Muldon with Israel and over in his gravy company. Is he still alive to be here without our world and he's dead? I don't know. I'm going to end up again. His nose lives on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond, 5, 60. And he Verizon singularized my new Moon Moon Google. I'm Carl Muldon. He was an all-folder down with Brandon in the wilderness. He's a new boy. He was in there. Yeah, he's still alive. Carl Muldon, I told you. In fact, he's probably doing some of the American distress spots. He was in the estates of San Francisco and Michael Lugris when some of us actually liked Michael Lugris before he decided he was a sex pot She said well, maybe somebody told anyone well, he he haven't only believed it even that chapter in Zeta Jones She just like that money. W2AM. Hello. Oh, how are you doing? All right, pali? You know, I used to wonder after visiting Germany. I used to wonder how to just happen. How to blow over to happen? How does it not to stay power really? You think I look at what's going on right now. They say never again again Exactly, and I tell you something if he said last night that we're launching a massive nuclear strike And just the whole rest of the world people would have sat there and said yeah right on go to say what times American Idle on that's what they would have said Exactly, it's amazing. It's happening all over again Idle I think describes the behavior to American people right now. Idle ID ILE how do you spell it? Idle I think all the fast food is just love has tended to do so That must be it. I think it was those crispy creams man. I think so turn their brains to mush Unbelievable I can't believe I see it happening and we're also stupid and everybody just follows along like sheep Just like they did not see Germany and I know that back then the Nazis told them or what the sending the father land All the people in the concentration camps very insurgents It was just went on and on and there you know Came deal, maybe take a lot of freedom is a lot of dead people rallying around and nobody cares good luck to us pali No, how got up? Okay, go stealers there you go. We love the stealers. They're really great and that bill cower Gotta look on his pussy's scary guy He's got that look of a crazy person out of face That jaw just out and you think oh, he's gonna kill somebody right now bill cower As opposed to a my home room is just a big fat cow, but I must say Drought you find him to be I don't know he don't look like a football coach to me. Oh, he you know He had great success in green bay and now in Seattle. I call me like in Josh and I yeah, I think it's fine. Okay. I Mean you know Dan LeBasterd or Dave wants that. That's well, who can be now exactly The one-step era man is big bali who and he all jumping on the bad way We're gonna kick some man now. They got the next Saban era and a one-six-in-a-roll Including that big scam against the Patriots. It's gonna really be great. We're gonna like. Yeah Just keep talking yourself in you know living in the past just like those make believe fans up here What do they suck they are pathetic? Let's talk some hockey. What do you say come on y'all? WQA and hockey central hello Hey, what's up? You know I do answer I have a problem with there's and I don't understand is where's all the people who went through like the Vietnam War How come like no one's you know they went through it? Kind of like I have a same man can be in Alzheimer's they all forgot I don't know I don't remember we're going to the same damn thing all over again You know like nobody's around you can't see it on the new yeah We got about 10 people to run and they get all one short you go across us Yeah, I think I saw born on the floor to July And it was just amazing it's like the same exact thing Yeah, but since the science colleges that we got to hold a ton crews the things just haven't been a scene again All right, I'm still in for them but this tickles me off here. Good luck paling Yeah, he's waiting hold your breath we post stories every now and again about the guy from board on the 4th of July Ron Kovic and everything right. We won't see it on the mainstream media Of course not because that's bad for business. He's one of them. Comey Pinkle protesters man. He's bad for troop morale I understand bad for troop morale Just like our sports people are bad for my morale after yesterday I'll tell you what they pulled on me what they did to me yesterday even Hitler would have considered to be a button beyond the call You know what I'm saying don't take it personally now. No, he are right I just take it personally like I look at my back like a stance you the heart No, you're missing leave me out there hanging on the limb like oh well, we don't care about that stupid thing We're not gonna you're overthinking if you would just take a look at the intellectual responses on a damn Greg Kotas blog on it I need to understand this strictly for more on you know And like I said my name isn't even on the pool. I have nothing to do with her And yet they're obsessed you thought Joey Reynolds was obsessed you thought Tiki Farple was obsessed They're all obsessed and you know what they're obsessed with they'll go that's right and the more they claim that they hate the longer they listen They're like the listenership is like 80 hours a week and I'm only on for like 20 Well, they got the tapes they're tapin over and over they're going online they're listening on there They're all they can't get nothing It is so bad is always making all that money in yeah, you mama 26 past noon a QAM we got some good stuff coming up later on today. I think I know what it is but boy. It's gonna be good If you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid if your new year's resolution is a great high paying career get out of that Rutt that you're in get yourself a life by getting a real career some real training Pick up the phone call fast train right now. It's six fast train. They'll get you trained already for a great new high paying career And just a matter of months just a few short months can change your life around the demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals Right now is at an all-time high fast train offers convenient day evening in weekend classes job placement Assistent and financial aid for people to qualify to so pick up the phone right now Get yourself some training student ever job with some real cash and then we go out there and find a life with a search party call fast train 1 866 fast train They place over 100 people just like you in 2005 check fast train on the web at fast train I'll come but act now to get that new high paying career because their classes are filling up mighty fast Don't miss that train of opportunity this year half aboard like Chris Moore would say hot dog half aboard Remember when he said that that was so hop aboard this year by calling 866 fast train and this year make that new year's resolution A reality by getting a big career call 1 866 fast train hot dog hop aboard Is new Rogers This is five 16 A hot dog A lot of hot little boys from the producers of ABC site like to alert invasion comes to show about even scare or more Diabolic alterer The government has denied their existence for years but they're here on mothers in your town Even in your own or just waiting for you Jumped to get the George Wood stars as the listener in invasion of crimes Some are so much what is being your question and your problem with your product and their service please. Yeah, see my computer just crash Is someone else there on the line? No, what who is this? Is like go is gonna Don't worry or Steve. It's just me you're president going and don't mind me mr. President. Let's go on in and how to know my name Oh, I know a lot about you I want your nickname is Baba and your order P.J. of the Friday night Let's see here looks like you missed you. I am his own ass dude on airboat. I can't believe this you can't do this Thank you on airbub Oh, I am also good on right as an ignition watch it there. I'm not a jail of new guinea But this is hard to be in private. Go to a private bold receipts call their boot of life I am not that bonus that I am in gold. I don't care if you're shameless. Don't measure 10 percent because I got a credit their own Sure, but 3851 count cut a court right now. So watch it Please I Mother party Freedom is all the time in there. Good on with to Sandra lib此 yesterday it's confirmed that says bye bye kiss your grass to buy The bruis your kiss you grass heard goodbye To him test this Speaking of gay Governor Chris Greg qua, whatever Hernandez signs a gangster. Christlan thatimore and the city Washington me yesterday Though the law may be held in limpo if opponents are successful enforcing a referendum They're going to hold it, they're going to be doing a limbo rock in the tea room, while they're looking for them glory holes. The major adds sexual orientation to the state law that vans discrimination in housing, employment insurance and credit, CNS part of the gay agenda. The amendment pass by and they're going to give everybody their own power drill. They're going to be glory holes in every public building on sidewalks, you name it. The amendment pad and the warma's got a term man, you'll see. Pass by the legislature on Friday makes Washington the 17th State to pass the law covering the gayes and lesbians and the 7th to protect transgendered people. The law's scheduled take effect in June 90 days after the end of the legislative session. However, it would be frozen until I November voted if opponent Tim Iman, that's Iman the Pymon gets enough signatures by the June 7 deadline for referendum. In addition, in seeking, we are removing sexual orientation of the law. Iman is pushing an initiative that would prohibit statement from requiring quotas or other preferring to a treatment for any person who sexual orientation or sexual preference. You don't like him. Fagots. They're like that. They're like, you know, they're the fagots. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Rectom. Look at that full man. That is a door kneel now. Look at that. Look at he's looking here. Come, scookie. What's that all about? Haven't been taking any calls all day. What are you talking about? And then taking calls up the old young man. You're taking more calls today. We haven't about a month. But maybe we exhausted our supply. Maybe those 10 people are like worn out now. You can't even worn out. You're like, you're like, right out. Last call for calls, man. And I think I might just crank up a little bit of that. No time to get it. Oh, God. Oh, standing in the shadows of Motown. Or the really great place in the audience. You're going to go out and buy it right now. Not. What do you say? Not. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Nice doi up, Mom. You see that? You do it right up. Excellent. Okay. We got a couple of smarter when you're probably going to be too exciting. We'll see. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah. Could I speak to Neil? Is this a funny voice? Is this a healthy voice? A voice? Tony voice. You know, what are you got? I just want to get them to report. I just have to get a line to a border of a little no. Yeah. This is the direct. This is the pipeline. Come on. The pipeline. Oh, God. Yeah. Now is voice is changing. You're going to call us. Good. Keep going. How many other voices do you do? Like rich little. They all sound like you. They all sound like you. Oh, well, that's that kept you. Oh, that's possible. Is this this lifeguard? Is this the a gay lifeguard? No. It's not a gay lifeguard. It's the gay lifeguard. It's just a prince's a William. Is this a William? Well, let's just hear you a month. That's right. That's the way. Okay, maybe. We got your mate over here. And by the way, he's feeling good. You might. It's pretty sore. 5. 6. 7. Oh, 5. 6. Oh, that's standing. See, I want to not tell you. See, you have to have. You have to have that. Per what is that word? I'm looking for her's the capacity. No, that's not it. Perspiration. Perspiration. You have to perspire and expire. Oh, you have to persevere, man. He has to have that perspivierance. And keep plowing through and plowing through. And then after the first 40, 50,000, then you finally get something like that. And you say, God, that was well worth it. 45 times the price. I guarantee you will hear that on the adjuice and toast show. And no way, Jose. Let's talk to Pat Rally again and see what Pat has to say about his hairdo, huh? Hey, slick. How you doing? WDQAM. Hello. And how's doing? That's the most important thing. QAM. Oh, good. Yep. Good. Sure. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Thank you. I have listened to you. Oh, my God. Probably. 100 years. I guess. I'm in. I don't know. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. I'm showing it. I'm showing it. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. Probably. I've listened to every big you've ever done. I'm just going to call you in and said, thank you for many years of their technique. Well, that was an intermediate man. I was great. That was an absolute phenomenal. I've been to visit. At prices right, too, right? The prices right. The price is right. The price is right. Even in price, the price is right. There's a lot, pal. Okay. The text in the mail. Thank you. So there's a guy. He's not going to complains. It looks like how many years has been. I've heard him man. Have heard nice guy. Well, at least he sounds like it on the phone. How to help you know. He's a smart or right out of those sound pretty great. Maybe I'd have sounded like a reasonable way out of my words. He was on that mating and bathing show. He's probably like some kind of a stalker or something. He's a good guy. All the complaints that we just want to on low. They're all coming from the building. They're coming from two buildings. They're coming from across the street. And of course inside our building. He's picking on our sports nerds today. And our guarantee of the current saying too happy about that. He's probably rubbing his hand like together like a grasshopper. He's so upset. So what did you two, well, guys talk about in there. You talked about the UPS, about signing packages, babes, top kids. Yeah. I'm serious. What they'll need to talk about. We talked about what happened yesterday. What we did on the show all about. How it was absolutely. All we're fine. Unacentable, huh? Unacentable. That's why I was reaching for. Is that it? And how you thought that at least somebody at some other day. I would have been. In both camp or I understand he's as dull as a 400 year old, the razor blade. You know, like I said, I would have run with that. I mean, I would have thought that the mad dog. I'm always going to bad for him and for these other sportsers. I thought he all he would have had to do is. I mentioned it a few times. And many and 80,000 votes on here. Just a jam it to those bastards. I mean, even as it is, even as it is right now, I just checked it a little while ago. I was meeting some of those amazing comments on their vashy my ass, which is very funny. Even as it is, we're just a little bit behind you. You keep forgetting because remember from the line from the exercise. There is only one. Yeah. Well, that's slogan here applies. There is only one subject. Oh. Sports. Is that it? Sports. Oh. What's the newspaper or another radio station? Then what does that have to do with the game? Right. I forgot about it. It's a sports station. Suppose it says it's a thing. But it got some very important. Yeah. The people are going to the green head. John Burger. They got that sitting in green street on there now from the Europe. I'm going to show that got canned. That is an incident green street. Right. Green's. 5.6.7.05 green jeans. Mr. Green jeans is on over there now. Yeah. Post and juice and spinach for ton of dead. Who's the green jeans? Oh, dammit. Never watched those shows. Maybe that's what I was lacking. How do you do this? As a child, I watched how do you do the. Yeah. How did he do the. As a matter of fact, on this will mean nothing to you. We got a newsman on a CBC here. His name is Don Newman. He's about 150 years old. He's been on there as long as I can remember ever watching CBC the first time about 75,000 years ago. And his face is coming apart in chunks. And he looks like an old how do you do this? He's got a bad. I don't know if it's a piece of it's like, I don't know. But he looks like about a 20 year old. How do you do this? Don Newman. I see. I guess people are afraid to tell him. I guess well, baby. Time to hang it up. We are. Maybe a squirrel died of it. It was walking in time to read. Now, since I said, the here is just the whole. Faces all like bloated in the store. It's like happens to guys going to get to be 110. Maybe he was bad. Somebody to go. I am. Hello. I got something for you. I'm not understanding why is it that. I hear Republicans and they're speaking about the Americans' fans up to 10 years in Democrats to down. I mean, if you don't like something, you're not going to stand up and clap for it, are you? That's because they're a bunch of Wimpsman or stupid. That's why because they're afraid like, and that's why they were kissing kissing with a your president with that butcher right after the speech. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But somebody's president. Somebody's president. Not ours. Take it yourself. You too. Yeah. The board. And that's the one thing. I'm in the prime in man. He had his finger right on that. Pretty sad day when we have to agree with that. I'm in the prime. Yeah. Perfect. Butcher is an understanding. Innocent people don't air every single day. And then these elections that do or turn out to be. Oh, well, we're not going to deal with you folks because we don't like to wait and turn out. See, they think that they can fix the elections everywhere. Unfortunately, they don't cut their buddies and die bolder. They can turn it up voting over. That's what they need to do. They're too busy working up for the congressional elections as fall. They've got all their, they've got all their appeasing that basket. You're repeating a basket? Well, don't. Unless they see, we've got a whole Senate like a laundry basket. I bet you're reaching Martin has though. 1240. Now, you better listen to that bit a few times and make sure that the clearance don't die. That just heard water running. That's all I heard. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know, I don't know what to say about him. I guess the less than the better. He just, he just sends me right to the bowl. I mean, I just want to get on my hands and he's in the pewped my guts. Ricky Martin? No, the clearance. And of course, now that he's like naked, you know what I mean? I mean, before he always had somebody to do kind of back him up. You're frightened to say that, you know what I mean? Well, not that his backup has become a sales nerd. And now he's all alone standing stark naked out there in the middle of the hallway. And it's kind of a story of a few pimples and things. You know what I mean? So what do you mean? You know what I mean? I think you're talking about it. 19 to one at five, 60 WKM and you're stealing. All right. I can't bear it. I'm not an old-day long. And sometimes it's all our whole hurt. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. But she's making the only ones on all boards. I can't throw back a half-point. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. There's a reason why the chaps don't cover the theory. We have to make it over. Yeah. From 45, that's actually not too bad. You know Ben Campbell used to be a back-up singer at some of the BT4's. You know it? I did not know that. It was like talking about how he used to show up in a studio with all the guys. people he liked and he would do back up. I mean so to speak. Right and then a little drinky puberty to it and like have a good time. Of course. It's all about. Glenn Campbell. Who is the biggest no-town celebrity of all time? Parris Hilton, 269, but they sure hate that bitch. They wouldn't pee on a best part of her if they could find it. Rosie O'Donnell, 73. I hate this Paul 66 actually Simpson 65. P. Vinny 61. J. O. 24 Arnold, 24 Arnold. The governor. For he's spelling 23 Adam Sambler 19 boy he gives me skill he's very. I've read a listen to O. J. McGuffie and O. J. Simpson and O. J. What's another O. J. Come on Josh. Orange Julius. Well I like orange Judas a lot. In fact I like the strawberry orange juice. I don't have that one. Oh yeah. Yeah. Not good for it. Oh it's pure sugar. It's like that sugar and a few human are senior 15 sliced the loan 15. Britney Spears 14, Ellen's degenerate 14. Would you like to see Britney Spears Ellen? Mm. Way new 14. No comment. That's all of in 13 Snoop Dogg 12. Tony Danza's got it doesn't. Ben Affleck's got the same same guy. Same personality anyway. Can't reach 10. What big over? Can't be his Canadian boy born in Toronto 8 big deal. What big over? He's. Maybe that explains a lot of things. Dr. Phil seven. He's not actually moving up there the way we thought you know he usually does on these pools. They despise him but on a side out of mind. Ever since Oprah took the all of what she's not doing that crazy. The J. Letta was seven. Madonna seven and we're Lagassie six. Five Bill and six. Oprah five. Courtney love five. They like older. They're not going to offer because they're afraid that if they don't they're not going to get one of them livers. Franks enough for four Courtney Cox four. Did we didn't put Courtney love on here to how many pounds he might have. Well he didn't you didn't put it on you love on. What's the deal with you man? It's I did. Where it is it? I don't see no Courtney love. Where is the love? Come on you let's have some dolphins. I'm looking for Courtney love. You see Courtney love? I'm looking and looking and looking. I'm looking for Courtney love five votes. I just got through saying that for Christ. I said you come down. Franks and after four. I just said it. Courtney Cox four. Ozzy Osbourne four. Vanowite three. I get my Courtney's. How about Alan Courtney? We need to call Cosby two. Very more two. Somebody remembers him and Durwood Kirby. That's probably old chicken neck. Bill Shannon has got a pair. Martha Stewart one. She's got a pair of two. Bruce Willis one and ten hundred and a nine eight thirty one. But we got to shout it close to a thousand most during the poll today. They would be a very real feather in our crab women because I didn't put this one on here like eight o'clock this morning. Yeah, whatever. What? Well, that's because we're concentrating on our own stuff. That's a stupid Harold stuff. What all I inside, you know, all the baloney all that's phony garbage on here, which by the way fat boys put a lot of the messages on here. You're not full of anybody fat boy. When I find out who gives a him that email address of mine, stuff, I'm going to like blow somebody's brains out. You're on the same you're fairie. See, sometimes people they they act without thinking, you know, right? Oh yeah, all the time. You don't want to say it. Like when you think about it for like about 10 seconds and think, is this somebody that he would really want to communicate with in any way, share for a form and answer of course is absolutely not. But nevertheless, a website called TMZ dot com, which is a one of those 80 million entertainment website kind of things. Okay. They've obtained documents and Michael Jackson's custody case in which the singer's lawyer accused the judge of being prejudiced against his famous client. In the legal papers, Jackson's attorneys claims that Judge Stephen Lax, LACHS, made comments that Jackson obtained passports for his children by the use of subterfuge. In the papers, Jackson's attorney claims the judge made other comments indicating bias including that Jackson's been reported to have made anti-Semitic statements. That's a kingdom of a Bahrain is the most or one of the most anti-Semitic countries in the world and that the kingdom of Bahrain would make a difficult for Jackson's children to be bar mitzvide. Oh, you vey. Wow, now why would they be bar mitzvide? I don't understand that. Is the supposed mother Jewish? I don't think so. Debbie Roe, yeah, I'm a fish Roe. I wish my aunt. Lax, it allegedly made the comments in here in Lax, November, connection with Jackson's, oh well, here he goes. She is Jewish. I told you they can actually with Jackson's custody of theist people with this form or Debbie Roe. Roe, who is Jewish. Oh, you know, as a stress concern in the past about the religious influences on her children while in Jackson's care. She ought to be word a lot more than about the religious influence if it catch my drift. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, the paper is Jackson's lawyer, Michael Abrams wrote, drugs Lax's Jewish as a m-i. He's made me aware of this in the past, understand their deluxe concern about anti-Semitism and have to anti-israel sentiments which by the way, there is absolutely no connection between those two. Abrams takes issue with the comments, allegedly no evidence was ever presented on issues of Jackson's alleged anti-Semitism. In fact, just because he brings that Jesus Jews, right? That's how make him anti-Semitic, doesn't? Last November, ABC News aired full messages in which Jackson allegedly said of Jews, they suck their likelyches. Ooh. Last month, Jackson's lawyer filed papers to many that Lax withdraw from the case. He stepped down Lax month and it custody dispute is going on. And Debbie Roe, I wonder if you can't have Tommy Roe. He kind of makes me dizzy thinking about remember Tommy Roe and Dizzy? No. Come on, you got it in your thing there. Dizzy, Tommy Roe, R-O-E. You don't got it? I thought you had the good stuff in there, man. Here you go. You got it? Is that you? Dizzy? I can't believe you got Tommy Roe. I got all of it. But Tommy Roe, you probably got preacher Roe on the other foot side of this too. Now I got the view easy. Sog about busy dinner. I got this. Okay, I've found some things to make one isn't it? Tommy Roe. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Sweetheat. How'd I guess that? How about this? Oh yeah, big gift for Tommy Roe. She went right. Do I know my time you were one? How about this? Oh, what that? Everybody ought to know this way. Okay, I said, okay, that's enough Tommy. One more, one more. These were all hits, you know. He didn't have love in it, so I actually want this. I don't know if it's time. You never heard that before? Hazel that. Hazel that. Hazel that. The other one was her dad. I'm trying to forget that one. I'll be the other one. I'll be the other one. But for Ray for Hazel. He must have been watching that. What was the show that Hazel was the Amade? Was that what was called Hazel? Hazel. I'll be damned. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We doing a little bit of TV trivia here today. The answer to the question is, Bob Cummings, Pond 5, 6, 9, 11, 11. What? Don't remember where Robert Cummings? Oh, come on. He was on like a whole bunch of horrible shows. I'm sure that's on. When you have lunch with chicken next time, you ask him about Bob Cummings. Hey, Brian, bring me an album. There you go. He's on a singer. He was bringing an album. Picture album. Oh, I see. He can purchase a lot. Do you have any QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think he converted it to the song. And he had a song about Bob Cummings. Yeah. When he's on there, living in the middle of all of the schmotheads, so why don't he wouldn't he, man? You know, when in Rome, do with the Vachrini's do. I don't think that Muslims take too kind to a child molesters, though I could be wrong about that. And, of course, they have a lot of money. Then they kind of like look the other way. R.R. W.K. W.M. Hello. Neil, please. Yes, sir, speaking. Neil, God. That's me. I didn't get a chance to hear the end of the survey yesterday for the most Mr. Esther Hansen floor in the last 20 years. Yeah, Burton Jackson. Well, was Griffard's mention? It was a way down. Thuvers had like only 10 votes. So, good idea. Let's go back. Let's have some more restaurants. There are no longer business, let's hear about wags and sand bows and rookies and wolves. Come on. Let's do that. I'm not going to do it again. Not hot now. Actually, they got what hot now is what got me started. He sent me off. Remember that? Yeah. That's what I heard. It was the pechsy people started there because they were I told you that's a true story. And that's what I thought about seven minutes. They built a whole bunch of them. And then like an hour later, they were all closed down again. It was not so hot and no, not now. It was crap. I didn't hear from Eddie yet. We know that'll fill about an hour and a half. Bubble, bubble, bubble. I got to do this for you guys across the street, man. Like I said before, you ain't got Eddie yet. Once you get Eddie, then you got everything you need. Then they'll be alright. We got bet burnstein. We got Bonnie burnstein away from you guys. How do you like that? And she actually seems to have some clue of planets on as opposed to that bimbo you brought in there this morning. Well, that Troy brought in there. You wonder he ran away. You said he came in there and he ran. That's the kind of hung up in there. I think now I understand. The one that said she was to sell my show when I, the station to work for in rural beach carried my show. And I said, you ride. Man, whatever, whatever she's on, you ought to like Gasky to share. It's nice to share. Dovity QAM hello. QAM. Space. Space to Gliny, yes sir. All right. Let's be to Neil. Speaking of my kids just said yes. How you doing? Can we talk about a restaurant that I went to last night? No way. George is laughing. I closed down yet. He was there just last night. I thought that's where he was going. Yeah. Duke Aralos, commercial ball hard. Zika Ralos, Zika Ralis, any ever heard of it? Ralos for 15 years. I ate them for the first time. Amazing. Amazing. Really? Yeah, really good. Zika Ralos, what did you have? Let's see what's on a menu. Let's start with the administration. All the parts of the voing. Pasta Hajjoui, I love pasta Figiooli. Yeah. The best of the way. Yeah, they had their homie bread over there. Hmm. Did they have a head butter for the bread? Oh, the garlic butter. Yep. The garlic butter. The sauce off. Man, especially if you're sure so on your ankles. If you're a vampire. Right. Then we had the, they had a seafood tea of Pino. It was like, I'm not good at it. When I asked you guys to think and say that, I don't think you can say that. seafood. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We had water on it. You want to see what grows out of it. And pasta dish with all the goodies. Yeah. What's in it? I was just going to let those. You could grow it. Yeah. I'm commercial. Okay. We'll set our crack sales department over there and get them right on the here. Right? Right. We got our crack sales department as a matter of fact. It probably sell in some of that right over by Chuck's right now. Chuck's up. Said hi. You know, Chuck, that's everybody across the street. That we need to get food from all the time. You need to say you didn't like his food. Five, six, six. You know, you think I'm joking when I told you that today was like the turning, no, no, seriously. I never think you're joking. I got little less than three years to go and believe you me from this day forward. I hold nothing back. Nothing. Zero. Count it. I'd take it. Take it. For me. You know, I don't joke about things like that. Where it doesn't make it. When and out, I'm going to blur it. You know, Chuck's a good guy and you just turned out a man. You said they didn't like his food. Which, you know, heard his feeling. I said, we're talking to the people. Because I think that the audience might like his food. And he's right next to that stadium. That's something that's something that crappy I'm at that time. Well, I actually didn't send it. Somebody actually paid for it. Remember that? Yeah. That was bad. Talk about egg for it. Scott Joyce would have been following at the mouth of she'd have been anywhere near me. That I never met Joyce. If I understand she's a real beast. Yeah, I was with this. I always thought that one beast was enough at every station. 855 votes. We're going to make a thousand and a smile all this. Talk a lot of it. It's going on. It's quite of our sports people like playing hard to get. Well, that meal. We don't. We are going to participate in that juvenile. So, okay, whatever. And by the way, you guys have been passed already. You know, the interesting part of it is, and I'm sure that they're leaning heavily in the other place. We have been passed by that much. I just took a look at a puke at a once. That's the sad part. Although we had even we had like almost 900 votes yesterday. And now we got like I thought I'd love to 100 something like that. 12 whatever. Isn't that incredible? We could have like 5000 though. If we had like a little assistance man. Everybody likes a little assistance. And what do we get? Just totally a shine man. The shining. Remember the shining I told you was not like good. Right? It's not. We got shine. God, that's going to be our full question. Where do we do we have to get? Your shoe shine? We're just shining general by the sports staff at QAM. Maybe they're afraid of the outcome. This is Neil Rogers. Oh my God. This is 516. 815. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. That's a new day. Put it, put it, put it, put it. Clap. He can't explain. Then I have made this thing. What do you call that a nice shack up? You can't explain. You ruined the thousandly cabins. And it is time to pay for all your crap. And pray is sin and you will. Be serving heart and. You can't explain. You've ruined and run on in the red. You can't explain. The good of the prison for a while. Taxes you didn't pay. You can't explain. You still fail in from your. And fly. Great. And now you're going to the. Penipensionary. Take it, leave. Game. Game. Kill your. One or three is set. I can't lay in the Jeffrey Shilling. What ever name is? It's pretty sad. Nobody cares. That's what's even said. Except all of them people lost their life. Savings. Investing in and run because the gambling channel. Left on the garden path. That's why you belong on death road. Ted David. You know, I hope a lot of them were Republican. Oh yeah. I will teach them. Look at this. There's a facts from Dick. Spell very bizarrely too. But anyway, Glenn Campbell played guitar and almost every beach was held in the 60s. He also replaced Brian Wilson. They're touring band after Brian's initial. Great down after Brian's teddy bear ran away. Campbell was replaced by the. I write the songs writer. Bruce Johnson. I remember Bruce Johnson. And then it says, Bob Cummings. Love that Bob. And there's a picture of Bob Cummings. I believe isn't that Bob Cummings? Better. That's. That's. That's. I write the songs. No, he don't sing. I write the songs. Very. Very. Very. Very. Very. Very. Oh, come on. You stepped on poor. Very. For Christ. Well, he's looking bad these days. Not that he ever looked good. My god. He's looking really bad. What do you just do to turn my 96? So this is. I got to in a second. Hey, very. And then. And then of course. It's good for Barry. Jack. Including a mole on his. He's a total total. He will. There he's. Five six. I was thinking of a single. I made his. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Of course. I find your smile. And then. I choose pointer. Sorry? Number one, I don't think that a measure fits. So I'm private. I'm. Here. So. Carad. So. L動画. So. Oh, I mean.älอะไร. Student. a dead man. It's like the Joseph Gaki Apolitics, my God. But no. Oh, that Howard Dean, and remember what I told you? The Republicans were a static. As soon as how we Dean got made the look like a goofball, they were rubbing their hind legs together with clearance. In fact, they were probably rubbing each other's hind legs. For Canadian diplomats, including the Charged Affair to Iraq, escaped into the rest of the day when their vehicle was shot at and bagged at by U.S. soldiers. That'll heat dead palm art, and even though we didn't hear no more, I don't think Timberless and would too be called a president of Mouran. I mean, I was crutch in. It said that. Well, whoever was, a lot of them said that. Everybody can't have this is that a busher of Mouran. The vehicle reportedly carrying Charged Affair Stewart Henderson. I wonder he's kind of fall-henders and who scored that most important goal in the 72 Canada victory over the Russians and the Olympics. Here's foster heel with a call. I'm sorry. The vehicle reportedly carrying Stewart Anderson came under friendly fire after the apparently attempted to pass American convoy, said U.S. Lieutenant Colonel Barry Johnson. Hey, Barry. You're fair. You're fair. You're absolutely multinational force in Iraq. The two convoys were looking at the reason shots may have been fired to Johnson. I haven't seen the final report yet, eh? However, however, however, military convoy's carry markings warning that the common procedure is not to pass, a precaution against suicide bombers. A vehicle's failed to respond to hands signals filed by a fire followed by warning shots. Chots may be far into vehicle, you said. And in the U.S. officials are investigating, I'm guarantee we're not going to sit still for that up here. Right. Right. We are going to like turn it on a bunch of wild geese with Bergflour loose on your ass. And then some of that mook house man, a cup of B.S.C. whatever that is. That mook out of these. Oh, the annual fair line talks. That's it. And stuff like this, a graphe, yes, you're right. Your ass is grassy, whatever it is. Grassy, no. Man. Oh, speaking of grassy, no, I just had a thought, but we can't sit. Yeah. So I have a grassy no. My mind. We're going to grassy mole and Ricky loaned to me. Came in a way, man, the mayor, with an ice Christmas card. I guarantee, O. J. McDev, he didn't go to Christmas card from Engriqueh. Uh-huh. I do like that. Lose her. Also, I guarantee that Greg Reed never sold no house to any of them. I'm letting toast over there. You know the funny part of the thing is that they're convincing themselves that they're really hot stuff that they got something going. And we know that that's not the case. That that's the saddest part. They're like having a party in their pants because they got the same five people right in crap, including our own fat boy by the way, he must know he's on the way up. That that that would give me sexual satisfaction. That would just give me, I would just, I would rub my hind and front legs together. I'd be so excited. Somebody QAM, hello. Yes sir. Oh, sorry, I didn't hear you there for a second. Something interesting. You know that Bruce Johnson wrote that song for Barry Mallow. There was something on the internet I read about it. They came across it. He said to this day, he makes $250,000 a year off that song. I'm right to songs? Yeah, he wrote that about, he wrote that song about Brian Johnson, but he's our, oh, yeah, about Brian Wilson. I'm sorry. You wrote it about Brian Wilson. He said to this day, do I get residuals and whatever else? He still makes $250,000 a year off at one song. What a guy, huh? Not bad. But it's far off. Yeah. I know I picked up my sense of what he could do. That people are actually buying that crap. That's really what's most amazing about it. Yeah, I can't, he probably makes this more from, I guess, counter residuals. Because he still draws a pretty good crowd very madly on it. But we have to pay from that or whatever. So yeah, I think it was going to be like it. There's some of Podunk casino here in a couple weeks, yeah. Yeah, hard rock, it's up to half or half. Thanks for those, Sally. Thanks. That's all I got. But it looks like a bunch of old baghags throughout the sea, Barry, mental, you know? Oh yeah, guarantee you. In fact, the linen same goes probably shows up to all his concerts. Give him a big hug. Who can I have your nose? Can I squeeze it? Shape or future? Last night, my- Oh boy. See, this is the new, he's got his own show now. He's on every day on the talk in the head and every book shows own show. Yeah. The first. And I'm how you wanna premium. Yes, serie of stuff! You'll be the next move, bro. If I have to dare to leave, for you'll never take my phone off, but you leave that virtual me. If I dare to leave that virtual me, if you don't need me, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better you'll be there. If you can't leave, the better you'll be there. Don't leave, the better I'll come here with all. My name is M.A.A. You won't go, though, if you don't drive. But get off the path, if you can't go, not be going, don't leave you. My life, my life, my life, and from the day you've been gone. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave me, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. If you can't leave, the better I'll come here with all. So when it went, Harper was great. Too bad he sings such crappy music. Yeah, well, what do you get? Other than that. Huh? What are you going to do? I don't know. Maybe you'll send him some ideas. Obviously, those were good music sounds like. Yeah, because the teacher is not consing it. But boy, he just has his own selection here. Well, we're sorry about that. Sorry, Ben. He's a great fellow. Anyway, standing in the shadows of Motown, I'm telling you, I'm begging you. I mean, we've probably turned down the movies you hated over the years, but you won't hate that one unless of course you have no taste in music. Right, there's always that problem. Let's see if like very manual. If you like very manual, you'll probably hate this movie. When you think, oh, how do you know? You can do that. If you like very manual, we probably hate you anyway. Problem is, after one at five, six to WQAM, attention, men. I never dreamed that would be seen that. I don't only thought, I thought you said it all the time. No, I thought you were buddy of this. It does. Attention, Ben. If you have a hearing. Make sure, Gassum's, I fake four points. I know, I'm a poster of this book. Still hands in there, I know it's a matter of fact. How do you help again? I still got away. Getting chicks, not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. I'm not a lot of them. Getting chicks, not a lot of them. Getting chicks, not a lot of them. And I'm mostly all right. The last year I had knew Was it ever the new? I could kill it. Chick-las, men, boss, age. Still want that his back staves so I'd be on the street without you. You've been 18 to five, so you see, that's any one thing. There aren't too many guys who admit they like very Manila. No, when I was saying, even if you didn't get it, huh? When I was a child in those things were hits, they were Sawing good hits that I didn't hate. But then I got older. Are you admitting you're like very Manila? Oh, I'm sorry. Manila. Yeah, I'm good with that. Good with one. Not interested. How did I actually for interested in doing him or something? I just asked me like any of his music. Was there any song that he was saying? There you go. Manning. Oh, God. That's so good. Huh? Horrible. He's a bad lounge bag. I mean, what kind of that one? He's the hottest place this. He said no. Oh yeah. It's got something we've been doing. He's got something we've been doing. He's got something we've been doing a lot of here in Manila, so never had we call him. What is that? Big hit. What is it? It's the extended version. Oh, give me a hit. 75. 75. That's really going to do it for me. It could be magic. Okay, it could be tragic. I've packed a ERC. I want you that on bad. I'm not going to imagine. Kill it. Who knows, is they saying trying to not fall ready? Why not have some photographer is our, you are no wonder to her say to you, my voice. And he told me that. He said, next time that that little touch comes in here, it starts to mean a lecture. We just had a chat man. Yeah, right. You had a chat about what? Yeah, what about that man? Yeah, I had a chat. This is about you and what a mean man you are. Good. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. He's taking messages coming on that for how you can do it. I'm going to use about that. Keep them coming. I'm going to use about that. Keep them coming. I was the only one that has a great code text and keep them coming. I guess he wants to go over across the street. He could bottle over there. In fact, I'm sure people would love to give him a helping hand. A little push. I better be a long light if he's going to water over there. Give him a little push. White House photographer is our looking for a hand out views. They've infected gotten star too many. While the practice of providing news organizations with stage photos of events involving the president goes back decades, veteran shooters at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue States become almost a regular recurrence with abortion administration. Freedom is lost in the soul. A review of associated press archive found that during the entire eight years of acclimatization only a hundred hand out photos of events released to the press. During the first five years of vortious presidency, more than 500 have been distributed. The key is that each of these events was closed to news photographers. The average is about two per week since Susan Wolff and AP photojournalist President B. White House news to the doctor is association after directing that review. She said the White House staff photographers rose to document the present. They've now crossed the line and become public relations photographers for the administration. Yeah, it is lies in BS and the cover-ups and all these... All of these things. Get wound up there. Yeah, get wound up. And spin right on away. Okay, like a droid like a... like an out-of-controlled droid. It'll spin out of our lives. Just like that whole deal in the right kind of like spinning out of control, if you ask me. 560560, pound 560 in the rise in singular wireless. Why was my wife turning one thing? I've sure made a big turn around today. I turned it right around. Oh good. That's a good thing. I've been a heart-per-piece. I actually started getting dressed and I'm getting ready for my big tour clock. Run the wood vine? Man. Can't wait. I'm going to be out there for a short while. If you can say rumples, stills can. Stills can. See ya. W2AM, hello. This is Limbaugh. There's better, better, better, better, better. W2AM, hello. Daniel. Yes, sir. I'm not sure what you think about Keith Oberman, but you might want to check this out. He had a good ripping session of Bill O'Reilly on the Internet on the Rilla. I have a minute. I've heard about his nobody watches anybody on MSNBC. I guess I'm the only one who watches him. Did you see that? No. We're checking out his own gorilla mask. It's under today's clips and you'll get a kick-out. Okay. Thanks, pal. All I don't really care about Bill O'Reilly. All these people that are obsessed with. I don't care about him. He's an idiot. He's an innocent, it was fast. I'm not interested. It is what it is, you know? And by the way, Bill O'Reilly. You think the guy's across the street got bad numbers? How about that? Oh, boy. And when they came consistently, he was going to crush rush, remembered that? Well, ha-da Bill O'Reilly radio show. He's taking his steal, fool me, lying, act, his mouth reading act. There're radio. And in this mark, he's made some impact. Well, if he took his phone calling act to Redio, he'd have an audience. There you go. Oh, for awful. Yeah. Are you saying for awful balls? Yes. That was another one, man. You talk about middle-level management paranoia. The deaf, master. he thought that that one notices something about filthals balls. I think he's confusing for Lothel with Farphl. Remember Farphl the dog? No. I think that was Paul Winshal had Farphl the dog. He's dead too and so she reluced. And when he was a puppet of Farphl the dog, I'll take your word for it. And I think Duff is that his Farphl continues with Fulafl. He's that his vals mixed up. You are not alone, guys. You're fairy. WM, hello. You're not alone. You're not alone. You're not alone. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, just seen if you watched the President last night. Did you come last ten minutes? It was pathetic. Yes. I have to equate it to an amyory convention. Hmm. Uh, very similar. There's a lot of, uh, ask grabbing. Right. A lot of votes. Sharing and yelling in Gungho, Ra-Ross's. Big box. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Let me ask. How much of courageous Democrats, man? They got a pro-plosor. Let me ask you, Neil. With respect to your wardrobe. Have you, have you, like, tripping? Yeah, I wore a drobe. Yeah, I wore a drobe. You know, five, six, seven, oh, five, six. And that's the guy always he starts out with some other phony premise. I would respect that I wore a drobe. I'm sitting around on my underwear. Okay. That's just, just get that vision in your mind. Okay. It'll get you going on a good diet. You'll lose a lot of weight. Keep thinking about me sitting around on my box of shorts with my big, public hanging out here. That's my wardrobe. Are those the plaid or polka dot about? These are the, uh, the plaid ones. Okay. And in fact, no, actually, these are the checkered ones. Let's send you some power Ranger about the shorts. And we do the rivets, you know. Take off those checkered pants. No chance in my pants. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Tond five, 60 in the Verizon, singular wireless line. London, venture, man. And we are a tier wardrobe. And I'm not here to impress anybody with my wardrobe, okay? I'm a, a dowry old fat flag. And that's fine. I'm doing just great. No complaints. None. Except this place. Except the your place. Oh, my god. That place. Remember I was talking yesterday about the place for steak? Yeah. We're changing the, I'm the front of the building. We're going to set a QM as going to say the place where Agida. Somebody QAM, hello. Neil, how's it going? All right. Excuse the noise in the background by the pool. These, uh, bastard, land capers got the, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going back around. You sound like you're in a, uh, right next door. Sound like you're on my balcony. All the stuff. Yeah. All the stuff. Oh, I should've been doing this. Uh, that was so horrible last night. I cannot put, push up. If he had to answer for everything. He had to answer for our future. He was going to solve all of these problems. Right. One hour, uh, all these time frames he's got for everything. It was such a joke. He's got the answer for everything except those elections. They can fix an all-o-zare of states that are going to go democratic with all those terrorists winning elections. He's got the answer for everything except that. And all the blood that sound as hands. And then he's like, we can win with Iran. All please, please, please. Yeah. Okay. You're, you're fading into the, uh, drill. Okay. And the, uh, power, whatever that was, the power Ranger. The Rump Ranger. Really sad. He's got the answer for all. You know something, if the Democrats had any body balls, every Democratic Congress person and senator would have had a can of comic cleanser. And as he came off that, uh, stage at the end, there were Cheney and Hester were like, ah, ah, ah, given that to even look. As he came off that day, they sure all handed and we can't come or cleanser. It said, hey, maybe you can watch some of the blood off your hands with this. You, I'll put your hands on. You murderer, you liar, you phony, you idiot. Oh, put that to, There you go. See they like my idea. But they don't consult with me anymore than the people in this radio station. They're one of my opinions. Just shut up. Just shut up. Take your money and my responses. Okay. Okay. That's good. I want to undo it. You, you, you, you, you, have all the Greg Reed made problems. Okay. 930 of what do you think of 1000 or what? You can do it. Kind of slowing down a little bit. We need 70 votes. 33 minutes. Really nip and tuck them. I can't do it. Nip and tuck them. Don't get into it. Well, let's give it a shot. We need 70 more by two o'clock. That's the pole where I concentrate on it. Hop on it. This is New Roger. What's all that? This is five, sixty, two, three, six. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime, all the time. Hey, it's Alex. Alex, David. Welcome back to the morgue. Welcome back to the morgue, David, a show. We're a jack full of zany, but good clean family one. I'm here and you're dead. It's time. I did tight up phase. Hey. You know that fight smoking things rape is funny. Is that funny, Matt? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What did you require me? I require you drive your fans. I'll not see him. Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt. I just don't care. Drop it off. Yeah, I'll do it. I'll do it. Get your ass. Yeah, I'll do it. That's my door. That's my door. That's my door. It's a pimp. I just don't know if anybody want to ring me. Like this, wait, they can stop that slide. Don't put it there. Hey, what's up with the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? Get your ass out of that sink. I gotta wash these eggs. My soul, my hand. What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What the noise? What do you have some kind of fairy? Great. What do you know about being queer, your moron? I've been right there in the Panova difference. We're supposed to be talking about sports here. This is sports radio over here. We love men. I'm just pouring on. I don't have to get paid by the door. I'm going to make some matter just great day for you understand. You can maybe make our pull a link source of your side of my pants. Okay. It's a joke, your moron. Oh no. It's a bar shift, my hand. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Someone wanted it? How can it help? You see one on me. I keep getting raped. This is a joke. Who can do it, Ryan? Thanks a lot. It's about dying. Someone didn't have drop your pain. I said drop your pain. That isn't the most gentle. Get yourself in the door while you're watching golf. But good. Or the... Huff, look, what did you write? What I like this. Ah, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm going to the door. Oh shit. And I look whenever I need no time to get paid. So I'm not alive. You want to work my show? You'll do as you told. Now get over here. Man, that's right. Now come here. I've got over there. Come here. Come here. Come over here. Over here. Oh, so the pizza. No, I did my still no pizza, so the pizza. Oh, yeah. Now see here. I ain't no pie, birdland. I get much smaller. I only have one slice. Put your pizza in a glass. See if anybody's inside. No, close. Close. I'm a little close. I can't like that. I smell it, I'm eating. Right. Oh, you're a tough guy, huh? Why, oh, you're a... I'm... I'm... I'm... I see here. Oh, yeah. I see... I'm... I'm right here. That's what you stepped aside. I'm the little goat. See? I stand before you now. I'm a big little boy, son. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. Oh, boy. Well, perhaps you'll have gone or mine, John. Oh, my, totally. I don't know what's that, I totally... Yeah, I don't want you to totally show me. You've show me. I've got to blow him up. I don't know. I'll never bite me. This is the right. Of course it's more important that I have lived you. Why I'll have you at all? I don't know it. I go home now or I'm sure. Watch out for Mr. Whipple. Please. I don't know. Please. I'm a... It's more... It's more... It's more... It's more... It's more... It's more... Let's get about it. That's what I say. And it's my... Amen. 134, Big Target, 26th, till 2, I sure hope you acclaimed the thing over his off first. By the way, that keythoverment thing is pretty funny. What is that? If I want to check that out about the Bill of Rally? Yeah. El Paso. No wait for us. I'd do like Keith Obermitt alum but anything to do with Bill of Rally, El Paso. 1951, I'm not going to make that thousand. We've got 25 minutes for 49 votes. It's two a minute. Can we do that? I doubt it. We were doing this to have that yesterday. And by the way, Dave Friedman and fanboy are like Friedman all over. We would come in and send it to Greg Hoat Texting. Keep them off the street better than the mess. Oh, trust me. Most amusing. And what an hour... What an hour thought we were talking about those things. And they veer away and they wander away from whatever the original one was supposed to be. And all of a sudden they started shouting at each other and it's back and forth. It's a place for miscoots, you know? So I'm glad they found a place to go. Who was the biggest no talent celebrity of all time? We got 931 votes. Is that what you got? Because this is going to be tight. 951. Oh no. Not 52, I got it reloaded. Paris Hilton 297, Rosio D'Ameladi, five Ashley Simpson 74. I hate this Pearl 72. Of course. P.B. 71. Arnold Schwarzenegger, I was got... But third man. J. L. O.26, Troy Spelling 24, Adam Sandler 24, Brittany Spear 17, L. O. D. Gen. 17, Dr. Phil 16, our city of Hall 16, Ed Solomon 16, Stastel 1116, Wayne Newton 15. Ben Affleck 14, Snoop Dogg, Andrew Riesen 20, Danza doesn't appear. Van O'Wight and Yine. Madonna and Wippigol Brigadier the peace same person. J. L. O. 7, O. O. O. O. Sics, Courtney Love, Six Crancene Office Six and we're like, Gassie's six Bob Dylan's six, O. O. O'sborn's six. We'd have caused five, Courtney Cox four Martha's two or two. Gary Morse got appeared to. William Schatter, two, Bruce Willis, two. Tam Hunter's got one and D Martin's still got the big. Oh, 952. I don't think we're going to make that thousands that thousands going to be judged as fall. I agree. Sorry. I tell you what, and when he told me this morning was so depressing, I fifty of you got to show him. We're so depressing. In other words, if we got the new people are lying to me also, then that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt, there's absolutely no hope. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? It was one thing about the old regime, we were used to them lying, but if I've been led down to Garden Path and given a saw and then some come to find a while, that's not exactly true. Well, you know what to hell with it. To hell with it. I'll go out and sell crispy cream donuts on a street corner if I have to. Honey, like that, you'll be selling them. I'm making a part. You'll be eating them. All for me. Dominators acquitted in clients death. In a dead amass, a dominators was acquitted of manslaughter Monday in the death of a man who prosecuted to say suffered a heart attack while strapped away from a replica of a medieval rack. All right. Barbara Asher, a 50-6-year-old woman who calls herself Mistress Lauren M. was also cleared of this member in the man's corpse to conceal the death. Prosecutor said that 50-year-old Michael Lord suffered a heart attack in 2000 during a bonded sassin in a dungeon in Asher's condominium. Asher was accused of doing nothing to help him for five minutes, fearing authorities would discover her business. Asher had her boyfriend chopped off the body. There he goes. There's that son again. The 275-powered Territelophon company were going to dump it behind a restaurant in Maine. His remains had not been found. Well, he dumped it behind a restaurant. Maybe he's on a menu. I hope that was at a Chinese restaurant? Prosecutor gave us an asher, confessed to police, but the alleged confession wasn't taped. Investigators testified they did not save their notes. Ain't good investigation. Kind of like what Congress is doing. All these are committee hearings, you know, 9-11, and Katrina, and all these, all the hearings all the time. Not a dancing happens. Asher's lawyer, Stephanie Pates said there was nothing to prove Lord was even dead. Nobody, no blood, no DNA. During his closing argument of the jury, Prosecutor Robert Nelson put on a black leather mask with zippered mouth opening and re-enacted the bond and says, if I set a picture of her right here, he re-enacted the opening. With both hands he reached back and touched the top of a blackboard as if strapped to the rack. Many hung his head as if they'd. Asher's lawyer objected the judge agreed. That's enough, Mr. Nelson, Judge Charles Grabo said, thank you for your demonstration. Judge Charles Nelson, obviously. He's still alive? Charles Nelson, Riley? He's garlic. He's garlic. Oh yeah, you don't think so? Get out of here. You're crazy. Do a Google on a man. Charles Nelson, Riley's alive and kicking. He's kicking at old ancient style. Crazy? You better start learning your game show people because you should don't know, Mr. Nine 72. We got a shot of a thousand that I do. I don't be a show. That would be the whole deal. That would make up for Todd Dreck and for fat boy and for your buddy. Let's see. They Friedman, nine 74, 26 votes in 21 minutes. That's just barely more than one a minute. I think Josh is Friedman for a confident at this point. Fundamental incident of war. Yeah, okay. Not dead. Oh Charles Nelson, Riley, I told you. Right. Told you so. Yeah. WCWM Hello. Mama always said you already in part of me like a bomb. I said Josh, but WCWM Hello. For the porn. Pick you by. Look at the cute you wire. Rip straight. Rod home. Oh geez, thumbs up. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. Sock it in and hold it. Row, win free. What did you do? To just stay the book. That wasn't quite true. Oh, Row, win free. Defend the James Fry. Don't we call the million little lies? Fee, Row, Rook about his time and rehab. But now it seems that revolving had it. And it will find out he never spoke. He was a big tip to collect. Game stamps. I think that he's full of it. Oh, Row, win free. What did we do? We only read books that you tell us to. Maybe you are the ones on drugs and fulfilling this book in. Oh, for his book. I'm 189, but we only need 11 more for a thousand. And we get a thousand before 2 o'clock. We will be free. That will set us free. Won't it? Well, no. Oh, yes. It's going to sit my ass free. Pick God at the bound up. Norman Solomon, no, not lately. In fact, what the opposite. Norman Solomon writes, domestic Solomon. What do I say? Abraham Solomon. Domestic line. The question that journalists don't ask Bush. That's the story to do their job. You know, how long has he been speaking about five hours? I think we got a whole new format now on the talking hidden. That was we got all Bush all day. Get out of here. I'm just going to write a lot of the door to slow. I'm sure I'm some city pulse comedian thing. Hey. Day after the death of a man. There you go. With great fanfare that they offer win free. Ask James prior question. That mainstream journalist refused the last George W. Bush. Why would you lie? Many pundits in Newselez have turtleed at the televised on masking a fry as a liar. The reverberations have spanned the from shock media to high-brow outlets. I'm Friday the PBS News Hour with Jim Lairer devoted an entire segment to what happened. The New York Times supplemented his page one coverage, with an editor-elect included, Ms. Widdler and Winsley gave the audience including us, what I was hoping for a demand to hear the truth. A key reality at the National Security is he's buying story is President Bush lied, but routinely missing from media coverage is a demand to hear the truth. More than two years after he started the NSA's domestic spying without war and Bush was unequivocal. During a speech in Buffalo April 20 of 2004 he said, anytime he heard the US government talking about wiretap it requires a wiretap requires a court order. Nothing has changed by the way. When we're talking about chasing down terrorists, we're talking about getting a court order before we do so. His words, there are such things as roving wiretaps. Priorite about his personal life in a book and I didn't fury it to know for Winfrey. It is difficult for me to talk to you because I really feel dupped, she said, confronting him in the midst of the January 26th telecast, after you'll do it for more importantly, I feel that you betrayed millions of readers. If a journalist who interviewed Bush are willing to question him in similar terms, the president didn't really betray millions of readers if he betrayed hundreds of millions of citizens. Bush lied about basic civil liberties in the US instead of relying on you forism, the news media should directly confront him with a question, why would you lie? During the Oprah show while lecturing a powerful book publishing executive who would serve his in an abour for the office of the embassy, Winfrey declared, that needs to change. But what about the powerful news media executives who will keep enabling the president's embassy? When Fry tried to weasel out a responsibility for contacting a phony story about a root canal without an aesthetic, the host interrupted it to the words, I've struggled with the idea of it. No, the lie of it Winfrey said, that's a lie. It's not an idea, James, that's a lie. But high profile journalists are unwitting the confront president, Bush, on national television, what says, clarity, that's a lie. It's not an idea, George. That's a lie, George. I got it. How do you like that? I don't. Little on the murky side, 35 here right now. Even February started out in a mile, say, just for all the people on here, the Toronto weathery. I look at that sunny in 42 tomorrow. I'll be like that. Not for this interesting thing is global warming. And I'm not complaining, man, because I'm going to be six feet in our going to be pushing up dampittals and pansies long before it is whole things underwater. Before God gets peoed again and hits us with none on in big floods. And your pants, hey, said he wouldn't do that anymore. No, he changes mine. He's pissed off. You heard Ray Ray, not going to head said that in the noilines. Oh, that's right. God is surely mad, right? Maybe it'll be a chocolate flood next time. Exactly. When I would be good, what are we to go, huh? Sure. Maybe some of the dark raspberry chocolate. No, no, right, where did they take you? Some of that fun, dude. So how do you make up? You've got sugar about six hundred million. Oh, yes, God. I was, my head was swimming and surprised it. We've been Josh, even a pump like Josh, he was a swooning from all that sugar. Yeah, I was hurt. Wow. But it was a hell of a way to go though, wasn't it? Yeah, what? Good stuff. Just dip that good stuff in there in a chocolate. In fact. Well, anyway, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. And it's not a fact. I don't know about if they still make them. I'm sure they must. When I was a kid, they made candy cigarettes. Chocolate cigarettes? Okay. Did they still like those? I haven't seen chocolate cigarettes, but they make candy cigarettes. I don't think they do anymore, actually. You don't know what I'm talking. You never seen them, but you can find them. You can get them out. Yeah. Chocolate cigarettes overseas. See if it's if you're a faggot, right? Right? And that, uh, fun do man. Yeah. Time you, it'll be smoking. Do any QA, QA, M-L-O. Hey, what's your point? You're okay, good. Do any QA, M-L-O. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. How much is your private tool for your toll? What about, uh, a listener of this poll, yeah. How about that, Joan and Melissa? Joan and Melissa, remember, Zolk, 1997. We got a thousand coming in the second one. Maybe you're right around here. May I answer your question? Can I ask you another question? Go ahead. Uh, being that it's started matter a little while request day. You once had a bit, I don't know if you can still play it. But it was sort of man-d, which was about grandma's panties. If you remember that, grandma's panties, maybe you're right now. Where, uh, you know, gotten out of beautiful girls, you got a little... Gave them all the weight, not just like they're not wearing sexy underwear anymore. I'll be damned. Remember that time? Remember with you? I do grandma panties, it was called, it's grandma panties. We got that one, no, we're doing? What? No, I don't know where it is. There's grandma, Gap. Maybe that's where grandma got her panties at the gas. A new one, Gap. Gap for kids and babygaps. It's the new and exciting grandma Gap. I'm a flower-sci-fotted grandmother, I'm a gap-swind-wrestled over by a tuber. I found a parent's house, and they're sitting right over my depends. Even after wearing them, put them all whole weekend. With my arms right in the side, couldn't get out of this dress for over a month. But I didn't want to. It's so pretty. I was trapped in the dressing room for a week. Could you help me get out of this straight jacket? I've got rubber tins of... Grandma Gap. I'm falling at a moment, you. And I can't get out. Oh, I'm 49. So I was kind of cute. I mean, I had nothing with Grandma's panties, and but nevertheless, no, it was a song. I don't know where it went, you know, where it came from. Well, let me ask you this, who writes that song? Bruce Johnston? Yeah, the Beach Boys. Oh, fowls in something. Oh! Thousand four. How do you like that? We don't need no mole. In fact, we got no mole today, and we got that. I don't know what we got. Today, I'm just not the mood to talk about, you know, I mean, feeling silly, and I feel like, like, like, I'm straight in the middle of an island, the middle of a Pacific, and the middle of the England. We're not straight. It's a nice island. You know, well, a pointed. Yeah, we got a lot of people on the island. You don't know what you mean. We got a lot of lees news on the island. Straight. So all of this, of course, back and forth, and people sling in crap at each other, and trying to make a big deal out of, uh, how that stuff? Tell me what it, have a good time, okay? On you guys, you're on your own. On you, well, my, my ancient back, my old Faggy back is getting real tired to carry on the whole universe. It's like, remember in Christmas Carol, and Scrooge was carrying a tiny Tim on his shoulders there at the end? Yeah. Remember that? Well, my old Faggy shoulders are just, uh, they're there, we're in town, you know? I'm gonna have to start getting some, don't crawfer, shoulder pads. Just like, and hold up my own. And what is that? It's a little carbon. Making a, was just, what is it? All by myself. Oh, I said, I'm not going to. I'm not going to. Eric Carman was, uh, what? Oh, no, why did you send me this? Because I never, I never actually said, I don't really care what we did, I don't know why you sent me that. Thanks. Oh, whatever. No interest. Let's see, these sends me a fact. It says, I have a shameless request. Could you play the rain, Nagan, chocolate song? What, what the hell is that? The Willy Wonka, uh, it's, uh, no, I don't want it. Well, why do you say that? Why are you talking? I'm just, I'm just stalling. Oh, I say, I'm just stalling. Because it's not carbon. It's called rain, Nagan, Slash, you're a candyman. It sounds like a roller. It's not everything. It's the way God wants it to be. wants to take a city and cover it and see. Rain, Nagan, rain, Nagan, Rain, Nagan, rain, Nagan, Rain, Nagan, Nagan, Curse, you want to make new or leave too soon. And I don't care what people are saying. Sounds like a CG Jackson. We have black people. It's time, it's time, it's time. Show the God his man. He compares the local fuel, where we walk upon. Chocolate, baby man. Baby man. Yes, right now he's in pain. Rain, Nagan, turn the words to make new or leave space to us. It's time for us to come together. This time for us to rebuild a new relance. The one that should be uptown, all the way, everything else. This city will be chocolate, a chocolate in the walls. He never takes the blame for anything. That's the end of the day. Let's catch up, bring in some coffee, hang of coffee, off one, all day. We make a day. We make a new day. No, I can. Rain, Nagan, Nagan, turn the words to make new or leave space to us. You can't have new or is no God away. It was the day. There's a little bit more, you know, and I'm maybe. I'm sure that's the one he wanted, right? That isn't the one he wanted. Well, how do you know that? Because I know. I know these. Yes. I know the line. But it might have been rain, Nagan, racist cuffs. Do you know anything about chocolate? From the controversial world of New Orleans, comes on the land of chocolate. I truly need this. We'll be chocolate. Who are you saying? I might have been. But it was at a one. 560, 560, pound 560, and the Verizon, singular wireless line. We got about what? Five and a hand meant to go. And in two o'clock, I am racing out the door. You're racist out the door. And you won't see me no more, not today. I'm gone. I'm out of here. Gotta go, I soap my hidden in something. And in person. I'm ferocious in and let's smoke a big faggot. W2AM, hello. What's up there? QAM, Ola. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to, uh, if you were talking right. In effective liberals? Yeah. How come nobody points out that Sandra Dale Connor idiot decides to wait until push his president through his resigned, or through his hire? I couldn't even tell him that one clean was president. Yeah, bitch. You know, it's the big standing of Asian Chief out there last night. And why? They're all looking at up the helping deal. They're all idiot. You got a good point, pal. Thanks. Yeah, how come my Sandra Dale Connor? He's got an excellent point. Of course he's been in there for a long time now. Yeah. Seems like only yesterday that he stole the first election. Now here he stole another one since. Her health was failing. That was the story. Exactly. For Christ's 60s, 100 years old, I'll be picking on that poor. At least thank God for what he did while she was in there, which they weren't expecting. Right. They were expecting you'd be a good good step in asking if it's time like something mighty important came up. She was swinging at baby. She was a swing vote. And you got to respect an old bag like that, who is a swing's at every now and then. So that's no sense? Yeah. She was swinging. Five, six, seven, five, six, three, five, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, five, six, six, seven, eight, five, six, six, six, five. If there was no one's ever asked him to figure out why was mine. I feel like this has been going on a lot lately, if you have had another one of those cleansing experiences, you know? Really? Yeah. Really? Yeah. I'm going to give you a hug. Because you know, when I came in here this morning, I said down the first out of conversing, I was, how was that what you call where we had the camper? It was the guy rocketing again and I was sour and hostile and peeled that had been left out in the lyrics. That felt like a lurch. I have to get that up. Yeah, get lured. Not on any moisture time with it. But like I said, they got the other thing and we got our thing and every day, Twain shall me. This is Neil Roger. That's what I have in town. I have five six. So, WQA, you're fair. I have to get that up. I have to get that up. I have to get that up. I have to get that up. Every night, I should try and do. Keep my heart on building up the end of the road. The thing that I've been there, John, could know. But you're too much and I'm not the right. They want to fall down to find the end road. I think the left of the road is far, far. I've got a personal birthday. I can't back up. It's where I want to be. It's where it's here to play. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Bye, bye, bye. Neil Roger, you're so unclicy. So, you're too weak. I know my name for Laura Gazel. I know my name for Laura Gazel. I know my name for Laura Gazel. I know my name for Laura Gazel.