William Williams Dayway Mass�emas姜T later h prepar Beau All roun a She prepared it wrong. My stomachs weak, but that hurts. She smells tongue. That's why the turkey gives me cramps. I love saying, giving. It's my thing. So fast me away. Now I'm sick. What a kick. The USDA shouldn't have put on that stamp. Because that turkey gave me cramps. I had four helping, like some kind of nuts. And that bad turkey kicked me right in the gut. Now I'm ten green and I might throw up. Does that turkey give me that cool, cool bird gave me that turkey gave me the cramps? Okay, 10.02560WQM. It's Monday, November 20. This is a week that'll live in infamy. I can smell it already. Can't you smell it? What do you mean? It's not the turkey either. What I mean is that we have no program director. We have a really weak need to paper tiger general manager. You can't complain about the management of QM because generally speaking we don't have any. We have a bunch of weak sisters, sisters of the blind and the poor and whatever else. So anyway, it's basketball season again for the hurricane. And actually that's the number one thing. That's the main thing on Clarence's plate, our program director part time. So as a result, he had around today. And of course, this is a week, Georgia's on vacation. So Josh had a call in the gal. Miguel is there today. How's the things in Cuba? We thank you. Good. And only because Josh called him to come in because we don't have a program director. And then Friday, we got the Georgia and the Josh are both going to be off. So I think Friday I'm just going to play the rack. Like I used to do on Thanksgiving Day. Well, in this year, I'm not working Thanksgiving Day. Finally, why is that? But that's because we got the dolphins and the alliance. We don't have the game of course, but we got 85 hours of free game and post game and crap like that. And then Thursday night, I'm Thanksgiving. We get something extra thankful for. The acenes will go 5 and 7 football that is because they're going to play Boston College and get their asses whipped. Couldn't even begin to imagine that. It's going to be pretty ugly. Oh, yes it is. Well, Josh is all excited. His team won a game yesterday. The bucket ears. So we'd buy the red skins. 5, 3 and we're 3 and 7. They are really kicking some serious ass to the Patriots. They had a real tough battle with the Packer. 25 to nothing. As a girl. Man, handle the narrow girls team. And of course, that's the same Packers. They'd be the dolphins just a few weeks ago. But that's before the resurgence of the fish. I told you they'd be in this tournament. So there's a little girl's team. They suck. And at that it was a miracle that they won a game. They didn't. Everything they tried to lose the game. They still want to get two sports intensive though. We don't want to do that. I think, rather, I talk about Clarence all four hours today. Just, you know, I mean, we got McGillery. He hates these stories. Well, who's going to be there tomorrow and the Wednesday? They will track McGillin here again. See, I mean, nobody has scheduled anybody for this week. I'm sure that George told Clarence about his vacation way ahead of time. He told me about it a long time ago. Yes, he did. I remember them having the conversation. Well, there you go. But Clarence, of course, he's busy because he's got to be doing you have basketball. He's got, he's like Mike Rosen-Taljoon, your clearance. A little sports nerd. All his life. He's going to be, he'll make up your mind, Clarence. You want to be the program director of a major market radio station, a ledge, or you want to be a UM. And what does he do on the game? Does he do the play-by-fly in the games? Well, yes, he does. But it's still football season. So I know he's done at least one game by himself. Oh, my God. He's doing the play-by-play the blow-by-blow. Well, it wouldn't be the first time. I guarantee you that. What a clown. And of course, like I said, our general manager, he's got nothing to say about it. And this, because he's a paper tiger. You know, how we got to tell me the tiger over there at the power, at least we used to. He's not still there, is he? Yes, he is. Well, like I said, tell me the tiger at the power 96. And we got paper tigers, our general manager. I said him an email this morning about this whole thing with our scheduling and having nobody in there in a whole deal. And maybe four weeks from next to the circus, which is next October, maybe I'll get a response to it. He's got big fish to fry, baby. Well, we got those sales numbers on. That's the important thing. Okay, we got the sales numbers up. The rating number is well, we're still working on those. You know, we got that point something in the morning and whatever else we got. We got some big numbers in midday still, but of course, we can't have anybody working on making it. And then, of course, this morning, it took us about 20 minutes before we could communicate because I was some jackass again yesterday for the M.T. time shut off the pot on the board, so there was no audio feed up to here. Yeah, not surprised, but not surprising at all because we have UM basketball on it. Let me ask you, how many people do you think are listening UM basketball on this radio thing? That's a lot. That's an exaggeration. There is no interest. It's like the Panther games. There's no interest. We are playing with ourselves, baby, that's what we're doing. And speaking, that we got the Panthers in the Bruins tonight. All right. Just to come down. Okay, don't get yourself all worked up into a frenzy. It's not worth it. It's not worth it, Joe. You silly person, you clown. Clarabel, the clown. That's what we got. Well, good news from Iraq again, Assassin's Killed a Pop at a Baghdad TV comedian and a professor at the University of South of the Capitol today, but failed an attempt to kill two government officials as the country's leader met with serious foreign minister about improving security and reopening diplomatic relations. Improving security. They've got a sense of humor or what? Let's get better. In all 20 Iraqis were killed in a series of attacks in Baghdad, Ramadhi and Bakuba. There you go, Miguel Bakuba. All right. And the bodies of 25 Iraqis have been kidnapped and tortured found on the streets of the Capitol and then do child ortho Baghdad. In fact, I think the number yesterday was like 112 were killed in Iraq, but you know, it's weekend. There's a busy guy. I have some to keep him busy on the weekend. So things continue deteriorating and all this bloodshed goes on, but I'm heaped, but a boop, but about the end of talking heads are well, we got to do this. We got to do that. They don't know their answer. My clearance is all about. Seriously, I may have to hire a hitman this year. That's the only way we're going to get a real PD and they might have to hire somebody. It's good to hitman. It just take him out. When it does take him out. That's all. Because Joe Bell's not going to anything about it. It's the same old crap, same old song. What the four tops, you know? Here's the pull from Friday. We're looking at the number of votes we had on there. What ultra rich person do despise the most? 2182 votes. Pretty heavy, heavy duty. Let's say so. Rupert Murdoch had a third of all the votes. 720 if they hit him like poison because he's a right-wing piece of garbage. He's crap on two legs. Rupert Murdoch and they despise him and his fox, his crap and his New York Post and all those right-wing publications. They can't stand his ass. Oh, and I got a story about foxes, no matter what I do with it. Fox, Newton before I get back to the pool, fox might air two episodes of a daily show like program with a decidedly right-wing bent on Saturday nights in late January where the possibility could become a weekly show for the channel on Fox News channel. That ought to go over big because those right-wingers have a real sense of humor, don't think? Oh, yeah. The half-hour show has executive produced by 24 as Joel Surnell and many coden creator Ned Rice, who previously wrote for politically incorrect and the late show with Craig Ferguson, never heard of it. It would take aim at what Sunroe calls the sacred cows of the left that don't get made as much fun of by other comedy shows. It's a satirical news format that would play more to Fox News's audience than the Michael Moore channel, so no, said it would tip more to the right as the daily show tips to the left. Well, good luck to you, okay? Much of fashion's pastures. Rupert Murdoch, 720, votes. I hate all of them 302. That's all the slippers out there who are jealous of the wealthy and I don't blame them. Donald Trump 273 Oprah, he just edge her ass out 272 and when he can edge out Oprah's ass for you, we're really doing a job. Wayne Heisen, good 254, Wayne is falling. That's because he's then nobody really pays any attention to him anymore. We don't hear that much about him. He don't own the panties, no more. Right? He's on the Marlottis, no more. For long time. And of course, it's often suck anyway, so what does anybody care about Wayne? I hate this pull 144, 6.5 percent. George Steinbrinner 108, pretty small potatoes, Ted Turner, only 59, Bill Gates head, Bapurton man, and Warren Buffett, only 12. Out of almost 2200 votes on our very, very popular pull over the weekend. I would just love to see. Would you like to have a one of those surveillance cameras in that studio there and see what goes on there in a weekend? Yeah, I would like that. Because Josh was describing to me this morning when we were finally able to communicate after about 10 or 50 minutes of like, I'm sitting here. Hello, they shut the pot off. Can anybody hear me? You know, like that. It's a same old craft, Joe. It's a same old craft. And that's because there's nobody doing nothing about it. That's the kind of place this is. Okay, just get the filling up. Just sell a lot of spots and that's all we care about. Don't pretend we're running a radio station because we're not. In fact, look at those numbers. It's certain day parts. But nevertheless, here's today's pull. What's your biggest regret? Thanks by the way to Sean. Our good friend, Paul Sean, who sends in his appell suggestions. I thought that they were pretty crappy, but that I looked at this one again. I added a few of my own. I thought this was pretty good. Not a bad pull, right? Not too bad. What? What's your biggest regret? 600-8 votes. We are going to low-star. We may not make our 1000 today, you know? Oh, we'll get out of my doubt. Well, thanksgiving week. A lot of people are traveling now. And I put this on there. I don't know, kind of late, about eight, kind of late. The ass I'm as 24 is winning overwhelming. That was what I voted, of course, meaning not necessarily ass, literally. Right, though, but, you know, in some case, sex, all the potential hanky-panky that I could have done. If I had known that, what I know now, and I certainly didn't. Damn it. The ass I'm as 324. Never went to college, 70-6. Don't feel bad about that. Highly overrated. Go to college. Highly overrated. I hate this pull. 65, 10.6% way too high. This is a good poll today, idiots. Never found true love, 62. Boys, let me get one to get out of violin. You can just see the tears on the bow of the violin. Where's that rosin? Give her a rosin up a violin bow. I'm sure neither one you did. Not lately. No. It's a little bit gay. Getting married, 59, bad mistake. Don't do it. Don't do it. We should have been a better person, 58. And I can understand with many of you in that case. Was a lousy son or daughter, 24, never bought a house, 23. She should have probably put on their nervous door or freight train. Having kids 11 bad mistake and a lot of idiots reproducing out there. It's a bad mistake. Not just for them, but for society in general, for the world. How long have you been worried about the infamous vote on your poll? I have no regrets. That would be good. I have none. Yeah, that would be fine. People out there who are perfect, who are little, the perfect, very happy life never had any. Okay. Put on. And didn't graduate high school only six. Well, no comment. Listen, like I said, there are a lot of self-made people out there. At least five or ten. In this business of, well, you got to go to college. You can get a good education. There are some things in life like you think you learned this by going to college. Just crap that I'm doing. I'm doing okay. I have no complaints. I'm doing fairly well. Went to Michigan State for about five minutes. I was there for two years. Went to how many classes would you say in two years? About 30 minutes. I got a little bit high, but something like that. I drank a lot of beer, a lot of mice to brown. And so a lot of football games and hockey games. I'll ride. Didn't go to no basketball games. Don't necessarily shame because maybe clearance was broadcast to you when I could do like class I did go to a couple of basketball games. Don't ask me why. But that's because our swarm played for Michigan State back then. And boy, he was sure a pretty guy. You see, that's the reason we go to a basketball game. Our swarm warmed up. Our swarm made me warm. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM, you're totally discombobulated station. Well, I'm going to tell you, I'm a flight owner just, I'm going to hire a hitman and just have them beat the snout of the clearance. Only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami. Joe, that's a nice watch your way. Plasticist, poofo-star, George. And did you know that Joe is more than a little poor Jose? Yes, and George is a fool or a haze. And where both nuclear and peace at his. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What expect would be aired in Miami. We must grow standard booty Hispanic immunity. Oh, that's a blessing. Oh, that's right. Oh, right. Oh, day out of town agencies, when Luke Miami deals his to advertise that product and services in a degrug raining stereotype. That explains why our accents are so fast. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Listen, Patty, obligatory source of music. Oh, boy, this must be the type of music. Oh, Latino, just Joe. Raise your heels on the radio spot and you're searching to attract your attention about human. Sure. It's all very nice. Okay, it's an attack. You know, I can say what you are naming human. Really? Let's hear it. Good job, hold. Joe, hold. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. He was on time, though. Oh, that's right. Used to be on time, Phil, but he like I said stupid show that I never watched. And now he's on some other stupid show. What is it? I have no idea. Cramer. Well, Cramer was from side to again. And anyway, he got a big, I beg your pardon. That was the character he played. That's right. Oh, I see. I never watched time. I watched it once that was more than enough for me. But he got into a big thing over some stand-up comedy acting in the LA and used the inward and got all the benefit because some dark, complexed guys in the audience started to give him a bunch of crap. And you're not so funny and blah blah. And so he got a carried away and walked and stormed off the stage. And others are big to do about that. Anybody care? No. I don't know. If he walked in right now, I would have no idea who that is because I'm out of touch. And you know what? I'm glad to be out of touch. They're like these crazy people with their PlayStation 3. Everywhere in North America, not just in the US, but here are candidate 2, a same crap. Crazy people, not getting each other over shooting people in line because they got to get their PS3 and their Wii. We came out yesterday, but that's kind of a Wii thing compared to PS3. Wii Wii. And they're not buying it because they want to have it for their kids or for themselves or whatever in most cases. They're buying it so they can make a profit off at a quick few thousand on eBay. They're buying them for 5 or 600. And they're selling them now. They're going for 11 to 18,000 eBay up here. 11 to 18,000. You can buy a car for that amount of money. So I want for 30,000. But third man. And what kind of a moron spends 30,000 on a PlayStation 3? Somebody would obviously wait too much money. Yes. A-holes. Every single one of them. If I sound a little bit deporked off this morning, it's because I am. I really am. I'm a peoed with this crap. It's the same. It just wears you out. That's what this station does to you. That's what this business does. But especially this place. One pork off too. I mean bacon. I already had mine. They absolutely refused to deal with like a business. This is like some kind of a game with them. Well, that's right. How about the game? Whatever the game is, it's all about the game I forgot. Sorry. I'll look at this. The right-hand column of this story is chopped off. Miguel is thinking, oh, that's good. It'll teach you to be reading all that crap on here. Too bad. Learn how to prep. What? That's a learn prep. Americans would have to sign up for a new military draft after turning 18. If the incoming chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, New York Democratic Representative Charles Rangels said Sunday gets his way. He sees his ideas away to the two politicians from launching wars. There's no question in my mind that this president in this administration would never have invaded Iraq especially on the flimsy evidence. If we had had a draft, then members of Congress in the administration thought their kids in their communities would be placed in harm's way. He said. Rangel, if I'm out of the Korean wars unsuccessfully sponsored legislation on Chris Scripture in the past, said he'll propose a something. It's chopped off on a right. So to help with it. I mean, just what we need is to have the draft back. Maybe that might wake some bastards up though. I think I think he may have a good point there. I'd go in Charlie. I like Charlie a lot, but nevertheless. Speaking of people, I like a lot. It was a good week for the Brady's this week. And Tom Brady threw four touchdown passes yesterday against the pathetic Green Bay of Packers right there in Green Bay in Lambo field and Brady Quinn at a big day against another girls team against Air Force. What did he throw about 85 touchdown passes against Air Force for no-to-day months? Was it an Army? No. It was Air Force. You better get your noted name football straight now, Mr. or Clarence is going to come in there and give you a wopin. Army my ass. I'll look it up. I think it was Army. I'm going to tell you right now it was Air Force. It's the Marines. I thought that was how I stayed Michigan game I missed it. But that must have been unbelievable. I saw the highlight. It was a good game, yeah. Well, I'll start talking about sports now, you idiot. I'm not bad. Hey, how about Notre Dame? Yeah, it was Army, wasn't it? No, it was not. Well, you are. Yeah, it's a one thing bad enough that George there who I thought was the biggest hard ass in the world, but you're learning from him obviously. I mean as much as, you know, George is wonderful and all the other things. The fact that the matter is he is the worst hard ass. You can't argue with him. No wonder his wife would like to stand him with a ballpoint pin. Well, I will say that he was right about the little argument you guys were having, but I agree with you about what? That he's a hard ass. He was right about what? Oh, he was right about the strike guys in here. Yeah, you know, a lot of women these days, they're not down with that, so to speak. They won't give you the time of day unless you're a clean cut if you were a... Time of what? Gay. Anyway, where the hell's the score? Football season, but a meat, but a book, but a Bob, Michael Rosenberg. Ordered names stinks, look at that. I'm just a Google, and here's one, it says, no-to-name stinks. Okay, no-to-name football is what I was looking for. Christ. Wait a minute. Jesus Christ. I don't know, I'm wasting my time with this because I know it was Air Force, okay? Okay, let's just go with that. No, I'm not going with it, I want the score. I'd look it up myself, but I'm trying, but you know how the connection is down here. Yes, it's weak. So I get everything else in that place, it's really weak. Let's see, no-to-name fire, any other, official athletic site. Okay, here we go. That'll happen. Here's the week by a week scores. Air Force. 139-17, they meet Air Force on Saturday, okay, schmuck. Okay, there you go. And give the audience all aggravated and waste all of that time because, like I said, Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What did you say? What was that score? 39-17. Okay, thanks for that. 139. 39 for Notre Dame. 17 for Air Force. Another one was, they always played those military schools like Navy and Army, which once upon a time, Navy was pretty good when Roger Stobbach played their 100 years ago. Yeah, 100 years ago. You know, I remember as a kid, always every year watching the Army and Navy game and now that I look back on it, I mean, why? Who'd help cares about those teams, you know? Well, yeah, now it's like watching junior high teams go in there. Exactly, like watching little league game, but nevertheless, that's what we had. So that's what you'd watch. They put on their lecon. Thanksgiving Day. People be watching the lines and the dolphins, two really horse ball teams. Oh, you're wrong, Neil. The dolphins are, they've won three in a row now and everyone will. One less down here again. Don't you know? I bet you, Pern. We are blessed to down here again. Are we blessed? That's what the team's lost to Virginia on Saturday. Well, the dolphins have won. I thought the teens are five and six. And now they're talking about Steve Spurrier. That's the room where they're starting. No, he's going to leave South Carolina. We're talking sports again, okay? Now they took a dump on those rumors. What? Are you Pern? Steve Spurrier declined. Yeah, he said, El Paso and who the hell wouldn't say El Paso? I'm going to tell you right now, the University of Miami is like an anti-Christ institution. Magnumistic about it. They're the anti-Christ. Everybody connected with it. They're sports programs, Paul Vs, Donner Shalely, the whole thing. El anti-canisto. I'm telling you right now. And as Foni is a 42 and a half dollar bill. Who the hell did they play? Where did he head about 15 people there? And they had someone crowned. Who was it? Rutgers is somebody, someone one of their little girls teams. No, they didn't play Rutgers. Well, whoever the hell they played, I had somebody to see. How many people go on Thanksgiving? I'm going with about 10,000. For Boston College? Yeah. Panthers and the Bruns tonight, any interest? No, exactly. I was at Boston. So I guess you're not going to be going. I'll be honest with you. I'd rather be going to that. I'd like to be in Boston. Eat in my brains. I haven't some of that great Boston food. That's it. You have to go. My, my, my. Good stuff. 662 votes. I don't think we'll make a thousand of it. That would be really bad. It's my bad for not put it on there soon enough. Sorry, Eric. My bad. Nothing he cares. He could cure less. He's like George. He couldn't cure less. So we get one vote or a million votes. What does he care? Is he making any money off of it? No. 662 votes. The biggest regret by far over a third the ass. I missed all the action. I mean, if I would have known them, what I know now, you know, is that what life is really all about when you say pretty much? And I have no regrets. We've already got five. What an excellent choice. Five people out there who are absolutely perfect. The feasting. So best challenge. This is the Rogerest for Radio 560. You a. Eric, I fucking bow. Well, you feel depressed. Are you sick of the Miami Dolphins? Do you want something a little exciting for a change? No. No. You got to stop watching the Miami Fire again. Stop. Joe, it's a football game. A busing man in a ride. All wrapped up in one. Even now, it knows that they're done with the cars. I have to let him talk to the bus. You come to town, man. You should get to my nine tickets. You don't come in the full of old people in their sub, you're cost, you're cost, you're an ocean over there. You're cost is kidding. You can't close out, play something more, if I say, you can take that. I was up for it on the elevator. You didn't let that go. Joe, show up. You won't real entertainment. Check out the Miami home and carry. And you can't ride baby. Uh-huh. Anyway, I noted it in played Army on Saturday, I told you. Oh, look at that. The week before they played Air Force and kicked the ranch. Well, you're living in the past. I'm just out of touch. And then I'm watching. Do you think I would watch a game like that? Oh, you think I did? I just saw the score while I was watching the movie. A few minutes after leading Notre Dame to a 41-9 route of Army on Saturday, quarterback Brady Quinn went over to the student section and joined the chairs. Beat SC, beat SC, quenchout, and pumping his arm to keep the fans where the main was pumping it. Notre Dame coach Charlie Wysegu, we'd with the message, but out of, they could have been louder. What a clown, Charlie. Go have another sandwich. The fighting average won their eighth straight to set up next weekend, showed on at number four Southern Cal, where when we'd give Notre Dame a chance of playing Ohio State in the BCS National title game, January, Ohio State would kick their ass. I'll tell you that right now. Wouldn't even be close. Win over Army was the last home game for Quinn in the right to Notre Dame seniors and it goes on. It's sportscraft, OK? Well, we're doing that because obviously we're on a sports station. Still check my Yahoo emailer and then get a response from your buddy Joe Bell. And I'm not holding my breath. Not expecting one. You know, if you look back at his tenure at this radio station, first of all, they put him in charge of power for a very short while and then had to bring Greg back in because power went through into the toilet. Although I think we can blame Tanner for that. You know, Miss Tanner Gade. Because you put a lot of rigotony music on over there at power. The numbers are sliding, although numbers over here have been sliding to ever since Joe Bell came to town. I didn't come to town. But came over on this side of the building from kiss from down the street away. Our numbers in a sat there like they were paralyzed month after month after month. And if we have any kind of a problem, that is, they just ignore us. That's the modest upper end. They would just knew, they just whether it's Chris Jones, the sales guy, whether it's a programming meal, they just ignore us. Like we don't exist. Maybe they're hoping you'll forget. And maybe I'll just go back to bed. Let you guys do this show. How's that? Maybe that'll get the message across to this nerd. No response to my email. Let me say, maybe a year from next to kiss, maybe I'll get a response, but I doubt it. 680 votes on the pool. I told you in order to date, beat Army on Saturday, Air Force was a week before you were way behind. And you're also incorrect what you said about George because the argument wasn't about whether guys trimmed their private. It said that wasn't the argument. I'm not just the argument. It was to make this statement that young guys, like OSA 18 to 25, who are a heralist must shave their body, their chest, their whatever. And that's full crap. There are millions and millions of young guys who don't have any hair in their upper body. Of course, but there's evolution, baby. And he is just intractable and immovable. Now there are millions and millions of guys, 18 to 25, that do shave their chest and arms. They're all good for them. And if I find one of them, I'm going to look right in the eye and say, you're fair. All depending on what he looks like. Can I tell you a little off a little of a fact stories, matter of fact? Well, it's not a fact story, but it's just me. Gay. Yeah. Some sit there. Would buy in the other day, playing my machine. And long comes this. So I don't know whether they were attended or whatever, because they were speaking in some foreign language and I usually pick up my attending when I hear it. But I don't know. Unless it was some kind of strange dialect. Maybe they're from Sicilia or somewhere. I don't know. To make a long story short, so they like grab and three machines and play next to each other. Now the one was obviously the mother, the old lady. And then there was another one. It looked like she almost looked like a guy, one of them all holiest. Not ugly, but holmi. You know what I mean? I know. When a woman is holmi, look like a washer woman, just really nasty looking. And then there was a hot young guy who wanted to play in the machine next to me. Tending guy or whatever he was. Then make, I wouldn't have cared what he was. So anyway, I'm sitting there and I'm getting like a nervous, because I just, you know, I'm looking out of the corner of my eye. I'm thinking like a misfolie with Sam thinking, mmm, like that, you know. So anyway, after quite a while, after about an hour this, so the one that was the washer woman looking one, she comes over and she's like, stand at behind this kid that's sitting next to me. And now she's got her hands on his shoulders. And obviously, you know, and then he puts his head up in the ear and she reaches over and kisses him on the lips. And I thought, ah, she's is right. Oh, that's the girlfriend. Maybe the wife, there were no wings on, nevertheless, could have been what who knows. It's the lady friend. I mean, I realize, looks not everything. Otherwise there are a lot of us being big trouble, but my god, I mean, she's, she looked like something I dropped into boldest more than me, just unbelievable. Corrosion. Hello, the guy. Huh? A couple of notches below the guy. Many, many notches. He was, many notches below, uh, Robert Grieper, okay? She was nasty. And I thought to myself, how is this possible, okay, that anybody, but, you know, maybe there from some foreign country where the women are all real ugly. I know mama wasn't too much. Mama was nasty. And then mama hit a thousand on the wheel. I thought to myself, you nasty old bitch. Anyway, it wasn't a great story, but it was a story, you know? Oh, sure, just more aggravation. And I'm thinking to myself, what a waste, what a total waste, you bitch get out of here. Think it just mad because you wanted to rub your shoulders. I would like that, or something. Six hundred eighty five votes on the pool. We're not going to get to a thousand today. I'm, I'm going back to bed. I'm so sorry that I got out of business morning. And I just had a feeling, because I noticed that last night there was no audio coming through from down there. Once again, somebody, when you think after all this time, and they'd stop doing that, you mean turning up to potta says, always leave this pot on? Yeah, that's the one. And when you think that there'd be somebody in charge who would make sure that they stopped doing that and find out what they'll the problem is there. But there is nobody in charge. This is like a runaway freight train, and there's no conductor. And we're wishing somebody would steal this freight train, because it's the only way anybody's on the stop it. There is no conductor. There is nobody running the joint. And our, at least via his program director, Clarence aka Josh Darrell, he's, and nobody knows where to hell he is. And where to hell do they play yesterday? The stupid ass basketball team. I believe they were in Indiana. You should they didn't play Army? They're in Indiana. And he isn't back yet. That I don't know. What do you mean you don't know what? I know he's not here. He's not in the station. I don't know. Listen, when you go to do a basketball game, you've got to have at least two, three days off. And of course, they played one game in the middle last week. So that's at least five or six days he's got to have off then plus the weekend. And this is Joe Bell's idea of a program director. And the reason that Clarence Darrell is still a program director is because he's got his head so far. I've joyous his ass over there in Naples that it's going to come out of her ear one day. Something's going to pop. Right out of her ear, it's going to be Clarence's head. They're just enchanted with him over there. But anyone in Hawaii, because he knows as much about radio as they do, which is nothing. They're in love with Clarence, because he's there lackey. He's there. Unointed appointed lackey. So as a result, that's what we got. You know, pop had stuff, look what we got. 691 votes on the pool. I think it's an excellent pool. How's that I hate this pool coming? 10.2%, 71 votes I hate this pool. Don't you guys think it's a pretty good pool? I think so. I'm not looking for any kudos. It's a shons. Good job, Sean. What's your biggest regret? I should put on your putting this pool up 10% hate this pool. The ass I'm as 254 all that hanky panky when I was younger could ahead, could have been doing all kinds of good stuff. Too late now. That's one of my big requests is that bitch of the would buy last night. Oh, God. I mean, I can't describe you how gruesome she looks. She was like the end of the world. You wouldn't have touched her with a long, ugly stick. I'll owe somebody to be to it. Ever went to college 81. I hate this pool 72 up to 10.3%. Now they're doing that just to get to me. I think Clarence is doing it. He's probably tapping on it right now. We should have been a better person, 72. And I can understand in many of your cases why. Getting married, 67 bad mistake. Never found true love, 66. Oh. That's the break your heart. Oh yeah. Never bought a house. Look how many never bought a house. Don't do it. You regret that too. Was a lousy son or daughter, 27. Having kids 11. I have none eight and didn't graduate high school only six. Have no regrets. Eight. Eight people out there that we can only sit around and just wish we were them. The biggest name. So best tell us to the business wheel. Roger sports radio 560. Yeah. Do call this big market radio? No. That ass is really comfortable. Wow, you're fat ass is doing wonders for my bad back. Want to do something useful with your fat ass? I could sleep on your fat ass all day. Then why not put it to use? And you don't mind if my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too, do you? As one of America's newest ask cushions, put your fat ass to use for the airlines and turn a coat seat into comfort class. This is great by letting people sit on your fat ass. You'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus at the movie theater. Even at the park. Mommy, come both on this fat ass with me. Put your fat ass to work today. We're see powerly wages, pump benefits, and whole host. Call now and be proud to be a fat ass. I already am. 14, before 11 at 560 WCM, we got mad dog at 2. The power hour with Hank and the mad dog between 4.5. Didn't I tell you, and there's another thing because we had no program to record the building. And so on Friday, I'm sitting here the whole time saying, Jim managed to do yaddi-yaddi. And then we had to stir about low shembertler croaked. Yeah. Did you notice that Curtis was on from 2 to 4? No, I didn't. Yes. Because mad dog didn't work because most shembertler died. And as a result, he was his good buddy. And he had to go, who knows what he did? Like candles or something or whatever. Pay his respects. But nobody bothered to tell us about that. And I'm sitting here again having no clue what's going on. And that's because we have nobody in charge, Joel Bell. We have nobody running the programming end of your radio station. You silly person, you clown. You fair God. Anyway, power out with the Hank at a mad dog at 4. I'm assuming I don't know if he's back or not. And of course, we have no PD to change his schedule even if he's not. You don't understand? We don't know. Hank 5 to 6.30. It's tough. I'm half by himself. And then the Panther preview with 6.30. Panthers at the Bruins at 7 o'clock in any K after the Hockey game. For years, charities have rattled off everything from stakes and gifts as if it gets to cars and houses to raise money. Did I say rattled off, raffled off, whatever they've done. Now the Florida lottery is turning to an old-fashioned raffle and the carrot it is dangling is the best odds it's ever offered for a chance for you to win up to a million dollars. You ready? Interested? I'm ready. You won't be when you hear what this is. Oh boy. Now our ticket, however, tickets for the holiday meeting in a raffle will cost 20 bucks of peace. Though that's not expected as an emphasis as the sun sent. What? 20 bucks a ticket. They went on sale six this morning. The game is supposed to run through December 30th with the drawing on New Year's Day. But lottery officials expected tickets to run out much earlier because only 1.25 million will be available. Oh. That's a handful of tickets compared to the 34 million sold in just four days in April before two people shared an $87.9 million dollar lottery jackpot. Of course those tickets sold for a bucket piece. We're hoping that they're going to sell off fast lottery spokeswoman Sheldisha Durden said of holiday millionaire. We don't think they'll last till December 30th. If the interest shown by regular lottery players such as Alex Busata of Orlando provides an include, they may not even last till Thanksgiving day, which is only my three days away. The odds are really good said, Busata, who typically spends 40 to 50 bucks twice a week playing the lotto, I think I'm going to spend like 300 bucks out of these said. Well that's a 15 tickets big deal. Lottery officials expect the biggest attraction to be in the unusually low odds. Now wait to hear this. The odds of running a million dollars are one in just $250,000 compared with 1 in 22,957,000 for an 80 for the lotto jackpot. 1 in 250,000 compared to what we're running about 23 million. Even winning the top price of $500,000 in the $20 strategy off game goal rush is a steep one in two and a half million. Ten a half on a millionaire tickets to win a million dollars of piece with a hundred grand going to each of the next 20 tickets and ten grand go to the next hundred tickets each. Based on all the tickets being sold a little generate $25 million with lottery paying out 13 million. odds of winning a hundred grand of the new game are 1 in 62,500 while the odds are winning ten thousand or a mere one in 12,500. Overall odds of winning are 1 in just 96, 115. I'll take a hundred tickets easy and draw some pay for them. The raffle is patterned after similar games in Ohio and Pennsylvania Durdon said both were successful. If Lord is successful expect more versions of the raffle she said. Now it doesn't tell us here by the way if you're one of those millionaire things there be 10 millionaires. Whether they're going to give you the million dollars in cash course you're going to have to pay taxes on it obviously because in the United States you've got to pay taxes even on your track winnings. Right. Yeah I'm going to go with no. And are they going to give a T and one lump sum or can you get a new one like if you win the lottery and all like over the next 700 years they'll give you like ten dollars a year. But it adds up like that. Really good bet. This is the same state by the way where you're current fat ass governor who luckily in a couple months have begun. You're current fat ass governor is so negative on gambling because it's so evil but a lot is a really good bet and the holiday thing is great. 725 votes on the pool I think we can make a thousand. Oh, boy, breathe this sigh relief. And guess what you know that email I said. Yeah. Guess what? I'm going to go with you got a response. No. Oh. Then guess. And it was army not air not merchant marines what's wrong with you. They beat the coast guard the week before whatever the score was I said 37 and whatever. Right. 9. Does anybody care about that? No. No. I hate Notre Dame like poison. I wish they would lose every game and every sport except of course well McDonald's latest bid would track more customers. Muslim fast food lovers has caused an upper among customers. The fast food chain is introduced how all products at two millborn restaurants significantly boosting sales that's not millborn Florida by the way don't get panicky now. That's millborn Australia. However, some non-Muslim customers are furious they were told their hamburger meat was slaughtered and blessed in a court. However, some non-Muslim customers are furious they were told their hamburger meat was slaughtered and blessed in accordance with Islamic rules laid down in the Quran. It would be like getting a kosher meal and then not being told it was kosher before you either like who the hell what? What difference does it make? Why would you be furious? Allow me to remain amous that it's been killed facing mecca and blessed using the name of Allah facing mecca. Dr. Yakube said, the store doesn't tell drive through customers about the change and has only one small sign inside advertising the move. Cobra resident Mary McClennon was stunned at a scare with the hamburger she bought from the forensic east door was blessed. Just as a Muslim with one eating anything that isn't Allah I should have my right seat normal ordinary food that hasn't been blessed she said. I think they had a curse her food that bitch. She wants the food that hasn't been blessed with the cow facing the other direction. Yeah, well her ass. Correct. A cantilever church spokeswoman spoke to non-Muslims deserved an oath of food was halal before buying but he said there was no biblical reason for Christians to avoid halal food. It's okay for goiim. Her counsel spokeswoman said customers who didn't want halal food should buy from any of its other stories. There you go. Go to some other Mickey G's okay if you want tray food. If you want a burn in hell cause you ate from a cow that had its ass face toward mecca or something like that or that put a big squat in mecca. Isn't that something they have to be slaughtered facing mecca? And it's just like the kosher food is the same thing like kosher chickens and a rabbi has to do a brocho or a rabbi. I don't know, but I will hot the whatever. I just silly crap but it's the whole world is like that, you know. Scott Schuster has a really good idea. He says put impeachment back on the table. You go Scott. He says progressive communist having written for W.A.D. 40.com since May of 2005. What the hell is W.A.D? Well we don't know and I don't care. It's on the smirking chimp. Oh, Josh by the way wants to apologize. He was out of town this weekend. I'm not going to apologize. That wasn't my fault, but yeah, we saw it wasn't. Well, it was nobody's there was a problem with the file transfer program that uploads the stories. Yeah. And Eric got that fixed and we were. So on Saturday, when was it Saturday was it for yesterday? No, it was yesterday. Yesterday. What? I'm sorry. Yeah. No, it's for yesterday. Right. Because almost nobody read the stories yesterday. Look at 63 people read the most read the story in the least 11. So you went through all of that work and I went through all of that work to send you a little stories so that's just a handful. You could fit him in that room right there. Well, go read him now everybody. Yeah, go read the ones from yesterday. Why are we in the ones from today? Okay, because Josh apologists for that. And again, it wasn't his fault. He was trying to do the best to do his duty, but they screwed up. I mean, it was somebody's fault. Scott Tuesday says as much as I've despised the Bush Neo conservative Kibbal in the White House over the past six years, I was truly taking the wait and see approach in terms of President Bush's behavior in the post 117 world. I was right there with Speaker elect Pelosi that the new Democrat controlled Congress should progress forward with initiatives that will help the American people rather than bog Congress down with nonstop impeachment hearings that might make the Democrats look vindictive and possibly even risked the chances of capturing the White House in 08. Even in my last article, Scott says I was advocating your conscious approach. I was willing to give the President the benefit of the doubt of chance to realign himself to the mandate of the American people. I was willing to wait and see what he did for the Democrats for legislation front of the him to sign that he's eventually opposed, such as raising the minimum wage or federal spending on embryonic stem cell research, would he finally sharpen his veto pencil or concede the role of the American people? In the last nine days since the election, Bush's behavior is made it such that I must advocate for impeachment as soon as possible. The special Iraq report from the UK's Guardian is clear to the straw that broke my camel's back for the empty time. The American people are clearly spoken that we are not in favor of continuing to fuel his disgrace in Iraq. It Bush is now preparing to send in 20,000 more troops for one last big push. The last time Bush increased troops' strength in Iraq to level of violence and body counselal rose, duh, all he did was give more targets. If George W. Bush had any comment since which we know he doesn't, he would listen to all the experts telling him that the solution to this crisis is political not military, the solution to this crisis is to resolve the problems not waited out so you can declare a victory. While laying down a blanket of divisiveness with rhetoric of evil, enemies and winning. Clearly, George W. Bush is not the man to resolve this problem. His arrogance will not allow him to change his strategy because in his mind that would be defeat. No more Mr. Nysky for me. I say, imputes this bastard and his evil by his presence so that this world can move on. Imputes this bastard. We can't wait another two years to discuss history. And I say, absolutely correct. That's good on it. That's good on it. Let us bracket a ban on CNN and you see he's getting a lot of a press time. But if you put a move about that's your nice present. I'm telling you right now. I guess both of you probably doubt that. I do. You doubt it? Yes. What about you, McGill? Barack in 2008? Not yet. You'll see. And by the way, it wasn't air force. It was Army. The biggest guy. So, the final answer to this is, we are Rogers. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your brain. What? Any questions? Taking up, we're breaking the old and play the play of Left On. It's VH1's new with reality show. Stranger Love with George W. Bush and John Carring. Hey, John. You look very handsome tonight. Why, thank you, George. And you look absolutely winsome. Wow. You win some and you lose some. I love a man with a sense of humor. What do you say? We give him the lights and play a little level grave. I get the link. It's all on the next episode of VH1's Stranger Love. So, I got an email response finally from your general man, with Joe Bell. So, somebody here somewhere in the mix is full of crap. And of course, as you will, it's probably clear. Now, let's find out from McGill. Did somebody tell you that you were supposed to be there today through Wednesday? No. Because the message I got was that a Clarence had already talked to Josh Curtis and Miguel about the fact Miguel was going to be there today tomorrow and Wednesday. And of course, on Friday, obviously. No, just Friday. So, in other words, there hadn't been any arrangements for anybody to be there today. Is that what you guys are telling me? Is that what you're saying? Is that Clarence's full of crap as usual? Not saying that either. Maybe there was a misunderstanding. Maybe because I said that Miguel was coming in on Friday because I'm not going to be here. Yeah. He maybe thought that Miguel was doing the entire week. No, that's not what the email says, okay? But nevertheless, I don't want to say that Clarence is full of crap and that he's like losing because he's got other more important priorities like Hurricane basketball as opposed to being the program director. And that Joe Bell no matter what Clarence tells him, as I was going to say, Oh, well, Clarence told me that's what we're dealing with here. It's a hopeless situation. Good luck to both of them. 11, 0, 3, and 5, 60, W, I'm just, it's just unacceptable as what it is. You know, they're out into saying, what's he bitching about again today? What's the go-one on over there? I wish tell we knew, okay? You know, Guy goes on vacation. George works his ass off. He'll be in a hard ass. He deserves his vacation time like anybody else. And so, you know, as a result, we need to have somebody in there play the spots. And sit there and, you know, sing Cuban melodies to himself. Yeah, there he goes. William Odom in the Madison capital time says, Cut and run must be the first step in Iraq. I'm just going to go to plow through these bedtime stories. We're going to read like 5,000 today. And I'm out. So you're going to be there tomorrow and Wednesday, Miguel. That's what Clarence says he told you already. So both of you guys are there. Okay, sure. And as usual, he's full of crap. No problem. Because I see the way it worked this morning is that there wasn't going to be anybody there because Josh had a call Miguel to get him ass in there. Because Clarence's too busy with this UM basketball crap. I say, let's take UM basketball and flush it down the toilet. What do you say? Flush it fast. Let's see, when we got the next game, is he going to be leaving town again today? Maybe they'll have a home game coming up next. Wow. Let me tell you, over y'all, Hurricane Hoops on Saturday, UM and Lafayette, that should get a tremendous tune in audience. You, am in Lafayette? Woo! Heavy, heavy duty. What tellers Lafayette? It's a college. William Odenman, by the way, is there for us? Cut and run must be the first step in Iraq. He says the US upset the regional balance in the mid-East, when it invaded Iraq. We're still in it requires bold initiatives, but cutting and running must precede them all. Only it would draw all of U.S. troops within six months of a no preconditions. For all of us is that in feeble's art diplomacy, and the greatest obstacles to cutting and running are the psychological inhibitions of our leaders in the public. Our leaders don't act because the reputation there is stake. The public doesn't force them to act because it's blinded by the presence, conjured set of illusions that were reducing terrorism by fighting in Iraq. Create need democracy there, preventing the spread of nuclear weapons, making Israel more secure, not allowing our fallen soldiers to have died and vein another. But we, all of a no longer can be avoided, it's beyond US power to prevent sectarian violence in Iraq. The growing influence of Iran throughout the region, the probable spread of Sunni Shiite straits in neighboring Arab states, the eventual rise to part of the anti-American cleric, Moptana al-Sadr, or some other anti-American leader in Baghdad, and the spread of instability beyond Iraq. These realities get worse every day that our forces stay in Iraq. They can't be wished to wait by clever diplomacy or by leaving our forces in Iraq for several more years. The administration could recognize that Iraq would withdraw as the only way to overcome our strategic paralysis. Kind of reminds me of what's going on at a QA, but it's like a paralysis. Although that appears unlikely, he says. Congress could force us stock taking, failing this to public sooner or later, we'll see through all the White House's double-talk, and canpela radical policy change. The price for it may however be more lives lost in vain. Some line of lawmakers are ready to change course, but our puzzle is to how to leave Iraq. The answer is four major initiatives to provide regional stability in common in Iraq. They'll leave the US less influential in the region, but it'll be the best deal we can get. First, the US must concede that it is boss things, cannot stabilize the regional loan, and must let others have a same with next. As US forces begin to withdraw, Washington must invite its European allies, as well as Japan, China, and India to make their own proposals for dealing with the aftermath. Russia can be ignored because it'll play a sportable in any case. Rapid troop withdrawing abandoning U-letter will as a small have a sobering effect in all-interested parties, al-Qaeda will celebrate, but find that only its court allies and Iraqi bathists and Sunnis no longer need or wanted. Iraq will crawl, but soon begin to worry that its Kurdish minority may want to join Iraqi Kurdistan, and their Iraqi bathists might make his surprise and come back. I think all of them need a good ban. Although European leaders will probably try to take the lead in designing a new strategy for Iraq, they won't be able to implement it. This is because they won't allow any civil European state to lead. The handicap they faced in trying to cope with U-R-Slawis break up in the 1990s. Norbles of Pan, China or India be acceptable as a new coalition leader. The U.S. could end up as the leader of a new strategic coalition, but only if most other states invited to do so. The second initiative is to create a diplomatic forum for Iraq's neighbors. Iran of course must be included. Washington should offer to convene the forum, but must be prepared to step aside if other members insist. And third, the U.S. must informally cooperate with the random areas of shared interest, nothing else could sue improve our position in the Middle East. The price for a successful include dropping U.S. Resistant to Iran's nuclear weapons program. This will be as distasteful to where U.S. leaders is cutting and running, but it's no less essential. That's because we do share vital common interest with Iran. We both wanted to feed Al Qaeda and the Taliban. Iran hates both of them. We both want stability in Iraq. Iran will have influence over the Shi'a Iraqi south. Regardless of what we do, but neither Washington nor Iran wants chaos. And we can help each other when it comes to oil. Iran needs our technology to produce more oil, and we simply need more oil. By the way, you notice just one of the Thanksgiving holidays getting here and now that the elections over gas prices are going up again. There's the coincidence. Yes, they are. Accepting Iran's nuclear weapons is a small price to pay for likely benefits. Moreover, it's nuclear program will proceed whether we like it or not. Accepting it might well soften Iran's support for his bolotodled, definitely undercut Russia's pernicious influence with Iran, and fourth, real progress must be made on the Palestinian issue as a foundation from Middle East peace. The invasion of Iraq and the U.S. tilt toward Israel have dangerously reduced Washington's power to broker peace or to guarantee Israel's security. We now need Europe's help, and good relations with Iran would help dramatically. No strategy can succeed without these components. We must cut and run tactically in order to succeed strategically. The U.S. needs to restore its reputation to the United States to passively, constructively, will cost us less. Says William Odom, senior fellow with the Huston Institute and a professor at the Yale University, where some guys get a gentleman's seat, I don't want to mention no names. So basically what you guys are telling me is that Clarence is full of crap. So what you're telling me, I just want to make sure I get that. Or maybe for us to respond to that last in Symphony mail. That's here interpretation, yes. What do you mean by that? Because we said no such thing. What did you say? I went and stolen out from me again. I said there was probably a little confusion over me saying that Miguel is coming in by that. What a couple real whims. Nobody's got any balls in his damn station, except a couple of us, met me being one. 762 votes on our poll today, and a great poll, if I do say, from Sean, what's your biggest regret? 762 votes, the ass I missed, one not 21 long away. All the action emmists, ass is so crass, but that's Sean, that was his reverbiage, ass. Maybe he's got an obsession with the breakdown, ass. See if a straight guy says something about ass, then of course it's like we know exactly what that is. But if somebody who's right away conjures up that image, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Never went to college 89. We should have been a better person, 77. I hate this poll 73 down to 9.5%. Well, isn't that sweet, huh? 9.5%. I never found true love 72, getting married 69. Never bought a house 32 was a lousy son or daughter 29. I have no regrets 23. We are so envious of those people, is aren't we? And we also think they're full of crap. Get them, no regrets. Can you imagine living? I mean, I may be if you're like five years old. Cut the crap. And don't, didn't graduate high school only six. Well, you think this intellectual crowd? We don't have people at graduate high school. But I'm not going to get serious. Let's get real. Okay. Let's get real. That's what I'm telling you, Joe Bell. Let's get real. But it's never going to happen because he takes all his marching orders from Clarence. There's the guy Clarence and Robert Creeper and the these. Those are this. It's Robert that's running the radio station, which is why we're down like fractions in certain day parts. And of course, it only took them what? 9 or 10 months before they finally straighten the schedule out. And got some of that swirl off here. But nevertheless, it doesn't make any difference because we all get paid on pay day. So what am I getting so excited about, right? Am I right? Yes, you are. Just calm down. No kid all whipped up and bed out of shape just because Clarence's in it would. Because we're going to be going through a month of this anyway. And obviously there's no interest whatsoever on the part of management to do anything about it. The fact that we're like steps, children, the rest of the week. And Clarence says this and Clarence said that and but it would book about end of the life goes on. Some people march to different drummer. If you're going to march, take care of your feet, man. You know, yesterday we had the Santa parade here. Aren't you excited? Aren't you surprised you missed that? Oh yeah, probably one of your great regresses. You missed the Santa parade. That's an annual dinner for a whole year. That's a whole year's of a new day. Sure glad I missed that. So, our free car. We'll get that baby. Unless you are a middle income average everyday. America's family. We don't give you the baby. But we do give one to steam. The line, do give the baby from our free car. You've got to greet one's two years' love. Much like the line to get on their parole at the sixth night. Unless you are a Jennifer of other spend. You can use this everyday drive through window. And order up whatever you need. Come to a free car. When the weather is hot and dry, the baby's don't hardly cry. Probably because we give them the camel milk. We've seen this to quiet them. It's easy to get a baby in Africa. Unless you are an average symbol of us. Or in your country, how you say, the court date? What if you are using humans? The better of other Lord, the best blood soul is no problem. Come to a free car. Where some people question why we only give babies to them as people. And then they will have such a way to enter the rice for us. And we say this to you in some business. Let's say you are a accountant. You would much rather have the business of meatloaf than say, Ralph from Carnegie University. See? That's okay. Come to Africa, play a can. Come to Africa, land, mass. Come to Africa, you must be ready. Come to Africa, drummer of Ben Cutting Crew. We give you the baby. No questions asked. But if you not famous, the life of the babies starts in Portugal. And please look at the game line, or we switch your faces, bring a message from the table. We are 13 of those souls of the actual. So I responded to Joe Bell's email. I said, another one, brief into the point. I said, I give up. And I said, the Josh and Miguel both of the terraces, a compulsive liar who should write and hell. Right, didn't say that. Well, that's nice. So I'm exactly the way you said. Just paraphrasing. I just do give up. I'll give up, Joe. I'm very excited to have a great life together. Obviously, they got a little some going. You know, remember Henry Kissinger, that evil doer who's unwanted from murder? Military victory is no lie. And this is the guy that was consulting we found out from the award board book that was consulting with Bush and Cheney on a regular basis. Military victory is no longer possible in a rack former secretary of State Henry Kissinger said in a TV interview broadcast yesterday. Alunatic, Kissinger presented a bleak vision of a rack of government, must enter into dialogue with the racks regional neighbors, including Iran. It progresses to be made in the region. If you mean by military victory in Iraqi government, that can be established and whose writ runs across the whole country, that gets the civil war under control and sectarian violence under control in the time period, that the political processes of the democracies will support. I don't believe that's possibly told to BBC. But Kissinger, in architect of the Vietnam, more as a vice president of Bush about a rack ward against the rapid withdrawal of coalition troops, saying it could destabilize a rack's neighbors and cause a lost long lasting convict. This is the same end we Kissinger said the only possible exit strategy was victory. And now it says victory is no longer possible in a rack. Uh-huh. A dramatic collapse of a rack, whatever we think about how the situation was created, would have disastrous consequences for which we would pay for many years and which would bring us back one way or another into the region he said. Kissinger's whose views have been sought by the Iraqi study group. Oh my God. Led by James Baker, the third, called for an international conference bringing together the permanent members of the UN Security Council, Iraq's neighbors, including Iran, and regional powers like Indian Pakistan, to work out a way forward for the region. I think we have to redefine the course, but I don't think the alternative is between military victory is to find previously or total withdrawal, he said. In other words, like that. The same architect of the nightmare in the Vietnam. That sounds really good to me. It's such a good job there and live through a city to American people about Cambodia and all the other thousands and millions of people who have got slaughtered. One of the great boochers of all time in their consolidate him on how we bring this to a conclusion. Of course. And perhaps the most effective act of nonviolent protest in the six year Palestinian uprising, hundreds of gas and sports is real over the week into call off air strikes on the residents of a militant leader by swarming the house's human shields. In recent months, his radius security forces have used telephone calls to warn Palestinian militants and others near-religious militants safe houses and weapons caches giving them up to a half an hour to evacuate. Sometimes you need a half an hour to evacuate. You know what? Especially if you had like a big Thanksgiving meal on I'd be for. When militially to Mohamed Baru got the call Saturday, on Shabbis no less, he enlisted neighbors to protect his house from the Israeli military. They've now set up a system of shifts to protect the house from the clock. Palestinian leaders are hailing this as a moral victory that will be replicated. If so, it may hurl a significant tactical shift from a tax by the tiny secret of militant groups to nonviolent civilian protest, a change that will force us wield a adjusted strategy. It also underscores the difficulty of fighting militant groups embedded in the civilian population, whether it be a rack Afghanistan or Gaza. The Palestinians are creative and this is something amazing says, my here, Mick Dad, a fatath spokesman, maybe in the past six years of the into Fata, the focus was on military resistance. But we shouldn't deny the importance of peaceful resistance. There is an importance increasingly peaceful struggle. And Israeli army spokesman, a spokesman, a spokesman, said the attack was scrapped after the military realized that dozens of Palestinians were demonstrating on the roof of Mr. Baru's home. Having back down, Israel's military might have to rethink its methods of striking it militant targets. Israel's army prefers attacking from the air to risking soldiers lives by sending infantry and armored units on raids. And the advance warning of raids is meant to avoid civilian casualties, the Israeli military said. Just like they didn't let's be in on. But those cluster bombs avoid those civilian casualties at all cost, baby. But now less than two weeks after the killing of at least 20 Palestinians in northern Gaza, brought a storm of international criticism against Israel. This tactic may have backfired by creating the risk of even more innocent victims. This is definitely a problem, says the army spokesman. The reason why we weren't ahead is to avoid innocent injuries instead they're using the war to do what they did yesterday. We'll see how we can deal with it, he said. All right, let's kill them lightly, as when I say, kill all those militants lightly. Right. We got 777, by the way, on the Myspace page. March a proud of that. That's very good. You got an old buddy on there too now. Who's that? Rick? Rick Shaw. See, I know you're going to say Rick Riley. I thought you were in sarcastic. Rick Shaw's on our Myspace page. Right next to KJ. Why am I going to please? I'm looking at up. Oh, look at that. It was the army this week, 41 to 9. Hey, didn't I tell you? You're full of crap. I'm sure that clearance told both of you guys. Miguel works Monday through Wednesday. I'm sure that clearance told both of you guys. Miguel works Monday through Wednesday and Friday. Not. Don't forget Thursday. What about Thursday? Thursday. Thanks. You're showing up on Thursday. You know something. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm on Friday either. I'm not just not sure up on Friday. I'll just rerun the real pre-case. Because I think clearance told me I don't have to work on Friday. Isn't that what he said? Oh, 778. We got another one now. 778. That's really great. Clarence, you should only rot in hell. Okay. You sniveling lunatic. And anybody who associates with him. Okay. Now where do I find it? Just look at your friends list there and right next to KJ. Oh, there's your job. Are we keyticky? I clicked on it. And what does it say? It says, 60 years old. He's over 9am. Good. God, are you old Rick? Holy moly. Woo! Lives in for a lot of deal. Rick is in your state. What does it say about me? I had an amazing youth being one of four. I don't want to read the whole thing. Three boys in a girl. And because I'm going to read that during the break or maybe not. I'm just pleased to know that there's actually somebody on your older than me in a market that's good. Although I'm not re-upping man. Forget about those talks with normal. KJ, I'm not going to want no more part of you. In fact, I still got two years in a couple of months to go out. I don't think so. I'm thinking going out to wood by and every day for a couple of months to be a good idea. You know, seeing my Italian friend. Oh, man, if you could even begin to imagine what I was thinking when that nasty. Oh, this is like a good looking guy with a lagoon creature. Yes. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I mean, he's just sitting there playing in my machine next to me. You know, I thought not like, I've got my hand on his leg or anything like that. Oh, sounds like a good idea. I think that there aren't his shoulder. I could have walked away and said, hey, put my arms on his shoulders and give him a little rub down and say, hey, good luck, pal. And like that, you know. But here comes this nasty, creedness looking thing. Maybe she's got the money. That could be it. That's a good luck. Like I said, good mood, pal. Maybe she's got, I'll know actually he kept giving her the money. She kept losing the knee, and he had another 20 and another 20. The money, you know, maybe, you know. You mean from her side of the family? Yeah, I see. Maybe like in what's your code in the movie, a match point? That's right. Say, I got news for her. Sometimes you got to pull out a shotgun, too. The she's came married in match point was phenomenal compared to this one. Well, I mean, if you stepped in a pile of cow manure, okay, and looked at the bottom of your shoe, that would be delectable compared to this chick. I mean, she was, she invented ugly this brought. She looked like something from the stone age. Just bad, really bad. But nevertheless, I listen to a lot of things. I listen to wait at some. And maybe she's really great in the sack or something. The biggest name, something is talent to the business. We are rotters for Shreddie of 560. And from our side of the side. Well, if you are an old timeer, and you don't want to get up. Again, I was high-rush. There's a friend who wonder drugged and scum along. Ask your grandson if you can use his bone. My doctor just called me on the bone. The elderly must get scum. Well, get scum before the early bird buffet. You sit there and you eat jello all day. Good stone and drive you in slower in your car. Good stone and watch the Japanese wheel of fortune hour. Does Medicare cover home, Ron? The elderly must get scum every night. We have a lot of money. We have a lot of money. We have a lot of money. We have a lot of money. We have a lot of money. We have a lot of money. We have a lot of money. You're a little bit scared. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you Hey! Hey! Hey! You Am I seriously... Can you hold my hand phone? Hey Hey I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit matty, oh my gosh Matt itself, I get long i get on Matt drives and runs into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan Matt drives into Ramadan every Sunday night Patent view I think that's what we'll do. Not in addition, I mean not in lieu of, we'll keep raise picture of there obviously for obvious reason, and in getting a tremendous of you and on that too, by the way. Ready, Quinn? Well, all the straight guys want to take a look at what a real guy looks like. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. But I think just some boobs on there would be good because there are many many guys, as you know, who are just into big boobs. They don't get the care for their connected to LC the board and count. It's just like they're gay guys who went to like big packages, you know? Oh, no. They couldn't care unless what it's connected to, which I just can't relate to that, you know. Just like this chick at the casino the other day. I mean, she didn't have any boobs. She was like a pencil, nasty, and meas. But I mean, even if she did have big boobs, it wouldn't have wouldn't have helped. I mean, I don't know if we're going to make it to a thousand or not. What do you think? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What? We got it. Can you believe Rick Shaw is 68 years old? God is that old. It doesn't make any difference whether you're old, you still call other people older, whether you're fat, you're still, you know, like the beast. That's fat. I'm not in his league. I'm not in that category. No, but 68. It's alive. I am not. I'm not safe. Well, tip of the cap to you, Ricky. You're okay in my book. 68, he's still survived this business. I wouldn't mind being on the air when I'm a 68, but sure is how not for Joe Bell. I'll tell you that. Or Joe Mama. This guy. I know what it is. You think Clarence's got pictures of the beastly's in care of them with that billy goat. It must be. He must have pictures of the party. Because boy, he sure knows where the bodies are buried, they're freaking clearance. US President George W. Bush arrived in Indonesia to a storm of angry protests. Looking to highlight growing strategic ties with the world's most populous Muslim nation in a lightning trip. Bush held talks with the Indonesian President if you think I'm going to try to pronounce his name for get about it at the summer palace in the town of Vogueor, and was to meet with civic leaders during a seven hour visit before heading to Hawaii and then from there to Washington. Where he can start some more crap. Maybe he knows if a mad dog's under day. Call up Bell, President. All right, I'll be right back. Far from the smiles and happy waves that he saw from his armor, Libertina, his previous stop in Vietnam. The US President faced intense opposition even calls for his blood from Indonesian Muslims angry over the Iraq war and the US military presence in Afghanistan. Bush's visitor and is usually quite resort-toned at a war zone with grim-faced soldiers cutting ass salt weapons standing vigil on the streets and many roadblocks and razor wire blocking the way the Bober summer palace. A lot of pissed off Muslims over the Indonesian man. White House officials said Bush hoped to emphasize that the US wants a strategic relationship with the Indonesia and that looks beyond the flourishing counterterrorism cooperation since the 9th, 11 attacks. He was also expected when precise that the war on terror is not a war on Islam, right? That's why he keeps talking about Islamophobia. I mean, Islam, what is he called? Islamophansism. And seek it update on US efforts to help reconstruct the Indonesia's assay province two years after a devastating tsunami. It's a tsunami, Mommy. How come we never had tsunamis when I was a little kid about two hundred years ago? I remember no tsunami. Now all of a sudden they had little tsunami in Japan. They had the big one. It's tsunamis all over the place. I think God's wrath is waxing hot. Don't you think that's it? Are you hoping for one? No. I don't think we're going to get one here. I don't think I'll leak on Syria. We're going to be getting no tsunami. We're going to be wrong. 871 votes, what's your biggest regret? Maybe my biggest regret is that I came into work today, showed up. I should have stayed in bed. By the way, Simon. What? Got a confirmation from Captain Curtis that Matt thought will be on today. Well, thank God. Leave it to Curtis. Stevenson, it tells what that is going on because we sure is how I've got any program directed to tell us what the schedule is. I'm not going to make fun of that because I know that Matt Dawgan shimberklow very, very tight. So did I say on the air toward the end of the show? I'm not sure he's going to be on today. Remember that? I have my doubt. I do. If we found out that Bowe was in the ground, not KimboBow camper but Bowe shimberklow did. I shouldn't say this, but I'll say it anyway. I never like Bowe shimberklow. Is it real temperamental? Well, that's because he was at me, shigan, man. I would say he was shigan, shigan, shigan, shigan. I'm not Bill. I'm not Bill. I'm not like in Bowe shimberklow in one little bit. I just, I don't like any of those guys. Man, those coaches that were around for 100 years and all of that. I don't know. Spent their whole eyes like Bear Bryant and Bobby Bowden. Speaking of old coaches, how's the right cocaine doing? I mean, they got a turnaround and play BC on Thanksgiving day. Oh my God. Now where is that game? Is it in BC? Yeah, that's here. That's a home game. That's why I said I'm curious to see how many of you are. Now what's actually you're going to take? You won't have to worry about the overcrowded turrets in New Orangeville. I'll tell you that. No. In fact, if you're worried about where to pee on Thursday, just go out there and pee on the field because the Orange Bull is a toilet, the whole thing. It's so emblematic of the WEM, the Fony Bowling program. So you think they won't be much of a crowd just because they lost six games or because Boston College isn't a very attractive opponent. BC's pretty good. They're not bad. So what do you, why are you so negative? I'm saying it's Thanksgiving and they have six losses and it's about to be seven. And it's town. People don't go. That's right. The front right in front of the red bonnet as opposed to the fish. Now where is that came on through? That's in Detroit. No doubt, isn't it? Yes it is. Wow. Against the little girls team, man. Like against a bunch of little blind girls with their hands tied behind their back. Well, maybe they'll pull it out for their both and around. Do I dare say this, but I'm thinking to myself, Jason Taylor, he's the franchise. Am I wrong? Would you agree with that? I'd say him exact Thomas. The two of them are the franchise. I mean, that's what they got. Because if it wasn't very yesterday, they lose that game. And if you lose to Minnesota, man, you are really. You are in deep deep, dude. So they're going to wind up putting it on Thursday again. Easy. I mean, easy without even breaking a sweat. So they don't make them like five and six. And I can hear it now. Ten and six, baby, they're going to run the table. Yeah, run this. They're going to run the, can't you hear it? Oh, yeah. I'm hearing it now, ready. They're going to run the table. And now they got their act together. And they're just, yeah, they are so lucky to win that game yesterday. And I'm, anybody you've seen it? Wow. Staggering. Life and death to be the little girls team. And then of course, you know, the best beside the Patriots, of course, Cream and Green Bay yesterday. The best result, yes, that it was the Cold Game. When you say, I would say, can you believe that? Peyton Manning, that looking so sharp. Sandy Peyton Manning, man. Maybe her boyfriend left or something like that. Maybe she's sore about it. Maybe just sore. That is a really a shocker to me. Or if you shocked by that, I mean, of all the teams that you think might have knocked them off this season, it sure is how it wasn't in the Cowboys. Was it? No. Wow. And what's that quarterback for the Cowboys now? Tony Robo. A homo. That's it. Wouldn't be the first homo quarterback for Dallas in recent years, but nevertheless, Tony Robo. Gay. This is sure makes great ribs. 880 votes on the pool. We are creeping along, creeping. I don't think we're going to get to a thousand today. It's going to be your fault. I don't know why, but I'll find it real. Yeah, Miguel. I'll find somebody that's Miguel's fault. That's right. And that's because there's nothing about Castro on the pool. How do I? Can you vote on a pool? What's got nothing about Fidel on there, right? What's your biggest regret that Castro isn't dead yet? You want to put that on there? Oh, yeah. That's a regret. What? Now, I'm just that alien left town. I mean, I'm not really serious about putting these on there. I have to say that because otherwise they'll put them on there. But yeah, then we don't have alienation to kick around anymore. And those were some really sick days, man. Sick and almost kind of a, if you're a massacre, is they were like enjoyable sick. You know what I mean? All these people just crazy people screaming and carrying on about something that nobody should have given a crap about. You know, except that drunken family. Alien on this in Alien. And of course, there was the premature evaluation about Fidel too. They were like to answer and I was, maybe he's not even dead yet. But he will be next year. The biggest name is almost there. Tell us if this is real rotors. For Shwitiel 560. This mark, Morgan, is the 12-to-one hour on Q8L. Hey, mom and dad, give your kids the honest action figure of the year. Get Moujo and the torture team. Go, go! Push, get Moujo's back and hear him bark out orders. Tell us where Osama is. Where are the WMDs? Connect a wire to Occment's genitals. That's right. Get Moujo talks and he'll get the terror is talking with cool accessory. He's like the waterboard. And the hand crank generator. Go, go! Connect all the members of Get Moujo's torture team, including Wendy the Leech Girl with Life Like cigarettes. Get naked and get on all fours. And Get Moujo's faithful companion, shot see the attack dog. Go, go, go! So get your kids. Get Moujo today. Get Moujo, maybe in violation of the Geneva Convention parent should supervise all torture sessions. Go, go, go! So guess who's biologist, read on our MySpace page. Rick, show! How do you like that? He's 142 years old, Rick, sure. Wow. And still going strong. Nice to go on Ricky Tickey. And I learned on there that he also, among other places, worked at WMD. Not incredible? Not about that. I didn't even know that he worked at IOD. Didn't know that, Rick. My condolences to you. And he said the only thing about his gig that sucks is getting up at 4 in the morning. When he starts at 5.30, he's down from 5.30 to 10. What kind of shift is that? A lot of the FM's through that. And why is that? Because they think they get a hint start? It's start exactly. Get out. And here, who to hell is up at 5.30 in a morning? What kind of a slime ball, a lifeless piece of turd, other than the course that guys are going to work like, Rick, who else is up at 5.30 in a morning? Nobody. Am I right? Certainly not me. I know somebody. The big, oh, yeah, he's rock solid. He's on. Eight hundred ninety two votes on the pole. The whole thing was on there for a time. Who? The moment had a five to seven slot. My guess said, you mentioned Rick Shaw in a moment in the same breath or shame on you, Mr. Shame on you. The carnival cruise lines liberty arrived in Fort Lotto yesterday. With hundreds of passengers in crew, still wait for an intestinal virus to step through the ship. I keep trying to beg in you people. Stop going on those cruise ships. You're going to be so sorry. You're going to be out there in the middle of the ocean feeling like Patrick McGoan, like the prisoner. You can't get off. You can't jump overboard unless you can swim real good. The cruise company reported 534 passengers and 142 were created in the ships in a firmory with illness symptoms over the course of the 16 day voyage from Rome. The South Florida sport ever glids. Can you imagine that turlets on that ship? Well, at the end of the cruise there were 14 passengers in five cruise still exhibiting symptoms and an isolation. It was a horrible cruise that Eddie Amico of West Palm beaches he disembarked. Jennifer De La Cruz, a company spokeswoman, said the illness was a virulent, not a neurovirus, a highly contagious disorder which causes extreme gastrointestinal distress. It's sometimes called the 24-hour flu and the Centers for Disease Control estimates there were more than 22 million cases a year in the USA, BBC. The symptoms include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, cramping in chills. That's cramping without the end. De La Cruz said the virus was probably brought aboard in Italy. Oh, there we go. Blame in the port, titans again for everything, right? We have confirmed that multi people in Rome were sick with neurovirus. That's our bestie rate the moment she said. Blame it on the Romans, okay? I guarantee that an ancient time as the Romans didn't have no neurovirus. I bet your life on it. You want to know why? Why is that? Because I'm sure that it didn't exist. God hadn't invented yet, you know? Overall, these years he's been busy inventing new things to make the sick and the punishments for evil ways. The ship passed at Slice Health Inspector March with a score of 94 out of 100. A score of 85 or lower is failing. The liberty which was due to leave for a Caribbean cruise on Sunday won't even till tomorrow now during the next few days the ship would be treated stemmed a stern with an anti-viral foggy agent, De La Cruz said, oh, go ahead and give it a shot. See how you make up. Call us back when you're puking your guts out. The ship was boarded by investigators from the CDC in San Martin three days ago after reporting the illness at the same Caribbean port, Cardinal also put 25 additional cleaning specialist and medical personnel aboard. Oh, man, how'd you like to clean up that ship, huh? I'm all set. Many passengers, leaving the ship yesterday, praised carnival efforts to fight the illness, CDC specialist, or made unlimited truth tomorrow to monitor the cleaning. All right. Keep going on him cruises, man. It's the way to waste your vacation money. Don't ever do it. 900 votes on a pool. I think that's as far as we're going with that thing. Although people here's Brady, Sinsistin. I wonder which Brady that he's thinking is Brady Quinn? No. For the pool, how about abusing drug slash alcohol? Wanna put that on there? Would you regret? Okay. How, uh, let's get that on. Abusing drug slash alcohol and also getting fat. I would say that's my biggest regret. I got fat like, uh, let's see, how many years ago? I'd say 40, uh, about 40 years ago. And only once in my life, in 1975, when I lost 100 pounds, only once what I get back to what I would say was, you know, like the right way. You lost 100 pounds any year. Really? Yes. That's impressive. Well, it's impressive except for the fact that I gained a lot of it back. And then I think since the IOD days I've lost about 45 pounds. And then there's that last 30 pounds or so. How many? About 30 minutes. And then there's that, the loose of 30 pounds. If you're not going to do biting all that ice cream and crathitch, you wait until you're that right now, Mr. Yeah. And then I bring you three meals during a, during a show. You mean, I would do? Yeah. Oh, yeah. We were just showing them. George can tell you. We were showing the food down. And also on say the man. Anyway, Brady says, I also heard you refer to the dolphins as the fish. I thought the marlins were the fish and the dolphins were the fins. Sounds fishy to me, Brady. Okay. P.S. How did Josh ever stop talking through his teeth? It's a miracle. That's because I cured him of it. That's how Brady. Remember that one I cured you with that? Yes. I'm very happy. I'm very happy. He was doing his best Eric Reed and who's yet a guy. He talks like three his teeth like that. I don't know. You tell me. I'm going to tell you madness. He's on a Joe seismant here lately. He just thought, Papa. Oh, that was a Hello, but game last night, by the way. I don't want to get two sports intensive again. But there was some pretty good games yesterday. Yes. And that was one of them. By the way, they're all on the Joe seismant here. He's not one color guy that does that. They're getting paid by the word now. Papa, papa, papa, papa, I can't stand it. I can't handle it. And I'll tell you who is really so far out of so cool. And that was a deer dwarf. He made so many mistakes. And he knew what Charlie was talking about. Not a big fan. No. Let's get 40 people in the booth. What do you say? Let's just jam in their like sardines. How many people can get in there? 912 votes on the poll. Getting divorced don't have any yet. And we haven't had the other ones. Am I? Yes, we have. You're getting fat. We're free. Oh, getting fat. Then those three don't have any yet. Abusing drugs and boo is getting fat and getting divorced. Have all got the big. How do you like that? He could lose a couple of lances too, by the way. I won't have seen him in a long time. See it's hard for me to like make fun of anybody and pick on him. A when I'm as fat as a pig myself and B when we don't see each other for a long time. You know, you're out of touch. So when you start poking up big, would you will? I will not. Now what happened with the ice cream there in Friday? What was the end result of that? I dominated like one and a half tubs. What a tub. Man. A WSLS TV meteorologist. That's in Rona for Jr for those who are unfamiliar. I'm sure that's all of us. A meteorologist was fired because his nude photo was posted on the internet. Don't be posting your photo nude on our website. Ricky. Can you imagine Richard on naked on the internet? Oh my god. The NBC affiliate dismissed Jamie Singleton last Thursday after his photo appeared naked on my space calm. The station's interim general manager Shane Morlin is now what we have an interim general manager. I will he not only pray. Shane Morlin said in the statement that Singleton broke the Morl's closet of his contract which stipulates that he must not be involved in anything deemed offensive or outline with community standards or chalks and what offense that's really up to them in Singleton 20 told her own O' Times. I can't blame them after everything that's happened. They said that's the straw that broke the camel's back. According to Singleton the picture was taken as a joke if you want to go to a friend's home where he's getting ready for work. After going through treatment for heroin addiction, you stop hanging out with some friends including the one who posted the photo on my space last two days Singleton said when he heard about the picture he notified my space and the picture was taken out within an hour. However, the photo was emailed to several of Singleton's co-workers and Timorlin, Singleton said WSL is my media general link which also won the Richmond Times dispatch news paper. My blackberry just budget. I think it's something important. It's not from Tompain.com. Well good. The end of the world is coming. 9.07 on our pool. Well I just don't think we're going to make it to a thousand. Because you know this Thanksgiving week is a week that you might as well just take. Well I'm just giving this the whole week off starting like right now would be good. Anything? Oh yeah. That's what they ought to do. Then we don't have to worry about having a program director around who might actually make up a schedule. So somebody knows when a elder is supposed to work or who's coming in and who's on first. Every time you turn around, well Clara says off with you, I'm basketball again. And he didn't even go to school. That's where we had to crack some info out that. I think it's when him and Robert Greeper became such tight boyfriends or whatever or maybe the beast. I mean the beast is obsessed with you. He's just he's got it in his blood. Doesn't he? He believes Green and Orange. Yeah. A lot. Maybe that's just when his folks said him out of those cruises of his. He's always going off on cruises and Pukin has got to. Not to mention other things. I'm sure. Oh man. Imagine back of the days when we used to have fat boy. Remember when you stand those if it matters, it splatters in the QMT room. Remember those days. I want to get to graphic in the middle of lunch hour. Yeah. Everybody remembers. People think I'm making that up. I'm not. 9-11 man. 9-11 votes on that pool. We need the big push to get to a thousand and then we can all go home. The biggest name. So best talent. Thank you. The memories, Joe. I've known for which we'll find 69. Youngest too young. But third man. Uh. Last year with my nose. Wow. Because I love you. Oh, right. Then knock your head over the gas. Because I love you. Why would flowers would do well? But I decided what the hell? I would rather slice you up instead. Thank you. Without my head. Because you love me. But try to knock your bitch. Now. Make a decision. Because you love me. I love you. Oh. We had one two men before. So I decided. Let's die. Just like John. But they ran. They said to you. That old race car. Oh. We. I'm dying all the way. For off 17. We think we've seen Fred Goldman and the sister and off this parent. Ron sister. I don't even know what her name is. We're going to keep coming over and over. And I are not that I want sympathized with them. But why do we need to keep seeing this? And they keep you know, king, especially he is the worst. I think people are going to buy this book. I think they are going to watch the movie. Like that. On promoting the hell out of it. Just like I'm doing right now. I'm begging you. Don't buy the book. And don't watch the crap on fucks. Which I sure is how won't. If I killed her. This is the way I did it. I mean, well, have you ever in your life even imagine hearing anything so stupid? No. I'd rather hit the fishing show with all the respect they are granted. I'd rather hear about no punches. You know, I'd rather hear that guy. Two day and on Saturday mornings. Well, that's why I mentioned it both in the same breath. No punches. Let's see. We got the pro football weekly. Let's look at that Saturday lineup. We don't never mention a weekend lineup enough. Maybe we'll turn some people out of some of them really. Good specialty shows. But I doubt it. Pro football weekly. 6 to 7 on Saturday. I'm getting up early Saturday morning here. That. Although, of course, I've come in here to try to hear them. Oh, the feeds have been shot off. They closed the pot again. I think that's a good idea. Can we find out who it is that does that on Sundays? Who does that? They probably roll the dice. It's probably different every week. We got to weekly fishermen with Eric Brad in seven nine Saturday morning. The real deal. No punches. 9 to 10 at a morning. That's at your buddy. Which of those shows do you work? I work on the real deal. I mean, I don't work on the show. I just, it's got its own section on the website. A lot of stuff. What do you mean by that? I'm going to work on the show. I do. I podcast their show. I put up pictures. I do a blog every week. I'm here on Saturdays because of that show. Fantasy Playbook. It's a big old talk about fantasy football for an hour. And then the big old candle tail day 11 to 12 30. So in other words, first it's fantasy. And then it's like non-fansy. Hey, anytime he's on, it's rock solid fantasy. And then we got hurricanes basketball, college hoops. That means parents will be leaving one about Wednesday. Because you've got to get Thanksgiving authors to him Friday. And then the basketball game. They call him travel plan. No, he's working Thursday. What do you mean by that? Hurricane football. He's on those broadcast too. Yeah, he does the hurricane's game day. We're asking everybody to use on there again. Who's what? With his hurricane baby crap. That's what it is. It's baby crap, man. You know, leave it to VOM. Let them do the damn games. Nobody else wants to be involved with that. No more. They've also told a bunch of games. Nobody wants to be involved with that crap. With a team with a losing record that are going to want to be in five and seven. Now is that the last game I hope I'm sure it is. Yes, it is. The season for the games will end on Thursday. And then in Ignore Manious to feet by Boston College. It'll make them five and seven. And then the spot all the dials. The old man, he's on a way out. Larry Coker. He's gone. Is there any doubt about that? Three losses. But yeah. Right. He was gone at one loss, man. That's the nature of that program. What he lost the game. Screw that. I'm not going. I don't want nothing to do with that. Always been that way. Always will be. 931 votes on the pool. Abusing drugs and alcohol. So far we got the big. Oh, none. So we probably have a lot of drugs and drug use out there. But they're happy that, you know. They're happy they're in the condition that they are. In the condition I'm in. Was that something by the electric prunes or somebody like that? Oh yeah. Inside OJ's new confessional. To those who worried about our violent sex obsessed, celebrity crazed culture had at last reached the very farthest depths of the property. OJ Simpson and Judith Reagan-Cumbering news. We had so much further to fall. The accused but unconvicted killer and the attention how we publish her and team up to create a product so lacking and taste and decency that people already are lining up to buy it. Not like the PS3 but nevertheless. When you seriously before I go on with this stupid story, when you stop and think about these people that are like fighting each other at best by and all these other stories for their PlayStation 3. So they can sell them on eBay. Well what does that tell you? I mean the fighting is ridiculous. I gotta tell you, I mean if I could get one for six bills and sell it for ten grand, I'd be in line. But what does it tell you about the people that are willing to pay ten grand for it? Not much. And you know, I wonder why the guy was on a condition that it's in. There's no business again. What's else in him that song? Something my condition was, oh geez. I'm gonna have to look it up in the book during the break. Probably chicken egg knows what it is. Regions imprinted Harper Collins which is put out books about convicted wife killer Scott Peterson and a memoir by porn star Jenna Jamison. It sets up a fictional account by O.J. that details how he would have killed Nicole and Ron if he did kill him, which he still insisted did not. Right. The book title, if I did it, we'll go along with the two part fox television event and which regained a former national and choir reporter, well, and if you O.J. we'll apparently spell out and glory detail precisely how he did not commit the crime. Here's how I didn't do it. Regan reportedly paid between two and $3.5 million for the deal. She kept the project secretly from her colleagues at Harper Collins, telling the morning that a big title was coming up by the end of November. When we're about to deal, got out last week, Regan was attacked as a money grubbing bottom feeding bitch on the cable news shows. Outrage by the depravity of it all, a reveled in the story of great length. We might have killed me accused of doing the same things as Newsweek and you are, but that's okay. As long as you're ripping them in ass. Mooded by the criticism, Regan roasted a fender self. She protested she'd been misunderstood. The book in TV deal had nothing to do with money. She wrote an a windy statement issued Thursday night. She did it to help victims of a fake hem so far. Right. As a young woman, she wrote she was abused by a boyfriend and believes Simson's confession to the murders, even hypothetically, while he held the wounds of victims everywhere. The former boyfriend denied the allegations of abuse, by the way. I made the decision to publish this book and to face the killer, Regan said, because I wanted him in the men who broke my heart and your heart to tell the truth, to confess their sins, to do penance, and to amend their lives, amen. She says, amen, not me. I say, amen. Even in the crowded anals of calculated confessional, Regan's is something special. And she sat with O.J. for the TV interview, the men who lied and cheated and beat me. They were all in the room, she wrote. And the people who denied it, they were there too. And though it might sound a little bit strange, Nicole and Ron were in my heart. She said, and for them I wanted him to confess his sins, to do penance, and amend his life, amen, another amen. And if everyone should have to make money in the process, then amen to that too, says Newsweek, just how the deal came together. They're still a bit of a mystery. According to the Simpsons Lawyer, Yale Galenter, and not identified go between thought up the idea and brought Regan and Simpsons together. Regan is clarified why she wanted him, but why would O.J. we just stomped on the grave of his dead former wife, money for starters. The Jew says that an easy time finding work, and he still owes most of the 33 and a half million dollar judgment that the Golden and Brown families run in Nicole's relatives, one in a wrongful death case against him in civil court. Simpsons and of course now lives in Kindle, where laws protect his house from creditors in the state of Florida, has been forced to scrape by on his $300,000 dollar NFL pension, which is also beyond the courts' reach. He has no fear his confession might get him into trouble again with a law. He can't be tried for a second time for the crimes. But a Simpsons and family friend who, like many close to O.J. didn't want to be named for fear of alienating him, says that money wasn't his only motivation. He's long passed caring at this point, the friend says, I think he's saying, you think I did it anyway, so let me make some money off what you think. This is just one big F.U. from him and F.U. from O.J. Well, if you two, O.J. it went to cows for all the old cast members from the O.J. drama, lightly stumbling these long years but never far from the phone, who assembled and resumed their battle station for the latest clash. The lawyers, the experts, the commentators, all found their way back to the cameras. As did Fred Goldman, long-suffering Simpsons and Tagunist. Even for him, it's about as low as you could possibly go, he told Newswick, this is a guy who's a complete narcissist and sociopath. Goldman thought to go after any money Simpsons and makes from the project. And anticipating just that the deal reportedly was arranged so the payments won't be paid directly to Simpsons himself. In her statement, Reagan and Sister Cheenie didn't want Simpsons to see any of the profits. She said, she gave the cash to a third party. I was told the money would go to his children, that much I had lived with. She said, anybody believe in that? No, then he's going to give the mind to his children. But the Goldman's and Brown's may yet lay plain to the profits. If the publisher paid a third party, you check that really belonged to O.J. It doesn't shield his hermolegal processes, Daniel Prydra Sully, alerted her representatives of the Goldman's and the civil suit. I wonder if he's going to recap, Prydra Sully? Think? Even some of the people closest to Simpsons were surprised when they learned about the deal. Galantra Simpsons, lawyer, bluntly, admits he's pissed off. O.J. kept it in the dark about it. He called the profits blood money and says, I definitely would not have approved this. Galantra says the whole thing is something of a bait and switch. Only one of the seven chapters deals with the murder he says, and nowhere does O.J. in the book of meant to kill anybody. Even so Galantra says, I wouldn't have done it for a gazillion dollars. Simpsons still inevitably don't share his misgivings. Galantra says O.J. is four grown children, two from previous marriage, and two he would with the coal, were among the few people who knew about the deal before last week and says they approved. Couldn't be the money, you think? No. Simpsons friends and family said that this point he's got nothing to lose. He can't take any lower in the public eye. There's nothing he can do to make the Goldman's or Browns happy. He says a close family member, he would have to drop dead and that wouldn't be enough. They would find something wrong if he was saving dying kids in Africa. O.J. saving dying kids. Now that would make some great TV says news. We sure to that, he could follow the lead of borders the National Booktain, which announced the old only profits from the book to victims of domestic abuse. Regan who says, what I wanted was closure, not money. Could end over her chunk of the loop, too. Don't hold your breath, but what would it be? An interesting experiment to see what happened. Anybody care about O.J. Anybody going to watch that movie? You will end your by the book. I mean they'll deny it, but you know the, yeah, I can see it in the middle of the night. Trust me, people still like it. Yeah, in that place, you have Q.A.M. And you want to know why? Why? Can I give you one word to describe that building? Please, please. S.I.C.K. Sick. Sick. Sick. The biggest name, so best talent for the business, we are Rogers. For Shredio 560, Q.A.M. Oh, you're going to be a Y.S.K.S. Myster, Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? I'm not sure we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square. Point out. Point out. And on. Bring it. Bring it. Turn off the vacuum cleaner. Raman, get the blue burn out of here. Okay, boss. I've heard. But sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan. 42nd Street is incredible. I know what publicly I supported that. But you took all the part away. I'm going through Gavalscom, like Pads. We're just scouting areas calm down. One hundred and a buck month. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with Lee Rowan's stitch. A hundred and twenty eight million dollars. No, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you, Raman. I think I'm going to hang on a minute. The three, two, go. Remus. Yeah, bro. You got blue burn crap all over your shoulder. It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake. And turn off the module cleaner. Oh, keep up. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. You couldn't you come up with American Idol. Good God, you're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam box wheelie on and be done with it. Lee, fellow, make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You may title pass me. Please. Remus. Remus. Remus. Get evil. I know you can't hear me. Remus. You still run on the fire. I'm sorry. I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you. What? About done. Sir. I'm not going to stand in your job. But sir. You're terrible. I'm sorry. They're not put limits in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. There's a little preview of what Friday's going to be like. I think because what you used to do, every Thursday's Impossible, if anything, slip through and on, it was a little bit like I'll be responsible for it. That sounds great. Hey, listen, Boca Brian said the title is just dropped in to see what my condition. To see what condition my condition was in. Bye. It said it's on Kenny Rogers and the first edition. Okay. Rogers and the first edition that is absolutely correct. Thanks, chicken. Absolutely correct. Just dropped in to see what my condition is in. All right. Now, if George was there, we did have his, you know, his, his library of music and he would like whipped that baby right out in the music, too. Well, the library's there. Are you going to find it? I can try. I don't know. Kenny Rogers and the first edition. If I'm going to go in. Orange label want to say we're going to let records. I think I might be right. Let's play a little Russian or less. Let's get those gunna clearance, though. See what happens. It's fully loaded clearance. You idiot. 959 votes on the pool. We'll make the 1000, but not buying off a lot today. Just, you know, it's a holiday week. You think a lot of people have already been moost. If they were smart. Yeah. And wouldn't come back if they were really smart. I don't have it. Former Republican fundraiser with the center of a scandal plate, state investment in rare coins that helped Democrats these part in the midterm elections was sent today to 18 years in a slamer. Tom No. A prominent coin dealer accused of taking at least $2 million was convicted last week of theft corrupt activity money lottery for jewelry and tampering with records. Lucas County column, please, judge Thomas Ossowick, who described the cram as in elaborate scheme of theft on large scale, also find no 120 grand. You continued to spend the bureau's money at what I thought was a shockingly, alarmingly large rate and done for one purpose to present some type of facade that you had a bottomless cup of wealth and luxury to your disposal when effect was at the state's expense Ossowick said. Notifying to make this statement during hearing. The fence attorney John Mitchell urged Ossowick before sensing we consider that no is unlikely to repeat his crimes and the judge said you mama. Several of you know has already been sentenced to two years and three months in federal prison after putting guilty earlier this year to filing 45 grand to El Presidente Bush's reelection campaign. The scandal surrounding the investment that no man had dogged the state's GOP for more than a year culminating this month with Democrats winning a US Senate seat and four or five state wet offices after 12 years are Republican rule that Ohio. Even with all the bad machines they got there, they still swept them right out of there in Ohio. 9. Edward 62 votes. I see the drug use finally or the booze. The drugs. Mom, maybe they just sobered up enough to get online. You think that's it. What's your biggest regret? I think it's an excellent poll. Thanks again, Sean, even the The audience hates it. The ass I missed during the course of my life, all the action I missed because of the fact that was too stupid to realize. I could have just reached right out there and grabbed it, you know. Reach out for the brass ring or the brass thing whatever it was. The SMS 344 never went to college 123. I wish I'd been a better person 88. I hate this poll 87 down to 9%. I want to get under 9%. If I get that baby under 9, I'll feel, you know. A little bit better about life. Just get under. Yeah, and then another I said that they'll all vote for it. Getting married 85, never found true love 83 by being cross being Grace Kelly True love on capital records. How about you got that? You got it? I don't want to, you're not familiar with that library. And if George was there, it would be already playing. I'll lower glad George is off this weekend because he's a hard ass. He is the most stubborn, good guy. You ever try to convince him of anything? No. Stubborn is a mule. Actually, he has no Grace Kelly up in here. What about being cross be? Come on. Oh, this is by artist. He's got it done? Yeah. You can go by artists or song. Yeah. And no god. Well, they don't want to hear it anyway. It's a corny old record. Serap. Never found true love 83. I have none. No regrets, 44. We are so jealous of those people, man. They've had it all. The sex, the money, the, uh, What a success. No regrets. I really can't stop. I don't want to hear baby. It's cool. I got for you. Oh, well, that's more than enough. Was a lousy son or daughter, 36? Never bought a house, 36. Having kids, 17, biggest regret. Having pain in the ass kids. Getting fat is already up to 10. We just put that on there, boy. A lot of us regret that big time. Getting fat. These you to get fat, that's the reason you get slim. Slim and trim. Young and dumb and didn't graduate high school 7. Getting divorced to and abusing drugs or booze is our ready got. Oh, vote. Aren't you proud of that? God, if we got one stiff out there on us. Somebody that crawled over the computer. And now it's got two. We got a pair. They're probably sitting there passing the bottle back in 4th Like a bunch of wine. You know, can you just see that? Yes. That's probably what happens. Our management meetings wouldn't surprise me. You know, Joe hands it over to Josh. Clarence hands it over to Robert Greeper. And then all three of them handed to a Chris Jones. Got a hand it to him, you know. They're going to heck up a job man. Got a hand it to him. Twenty me four one at five. Especially on that copy. As he doing some, I'm not going to start on that again because it's only Neil again. Starting up again. There goes the old fart again. He just must have woke up on the wrong side of the sack this morning. No, actually not. I woke up on the same set. I always wake up on. But unfortunately there was nobody on the other side. I tagged in friend wasn't there. What a shame. Yeah. In fact, I can only imagine that he was sleeping the same bed with that Embo there last night. Oh my god, the thought of it makes me want to just vomit. Meals from 100 years of that. And just the thought of it. And she's there and rubbing his shoulder. She's got she has glomed on to him man. And of course, I'm thinking to myself, if I was that, I would do the same. And I'm also thinking, boy, and I'm me. And I ought to do the same too. But the ankle didn't happen. You know what I mean? Yeah. She ain't good at let go. It's one of those deals. Don't you're honey. Break down child. Where the mud wants gold to hang from trees and play banjo. You got some poor old, a station on. You fangled raiding old. Now as north, hair, alive and goes. Rally's a big city at home. And that's where the beeslees had to go. For Gale, Riley Jones. On Oegean. He'll do what he can. She can't like a friend. Think quickly, walk away. They had jokes. Go, do five, six, oh, with ratings. And the toilet bowl to get those. Play, mix for cold mows. And order and control. And then so, Gale, Riley Jones. A good man in the nose. He lets mow. Go. Here's what blows. Gives Gale. He his own joke. Oh. You make a big change. And we are raised. It's where son of a same. He hasn't done a thing. For what goes. How the air had to. Joe don't have a stinkin' clue. About a four. Not that essentially. Low. For Oegean. The GM. 5, 6, oh. Jale, Riley Jones. Oh. Call 47 at 5, 60, WCM. Mad Dog will be back today. He'll be on it too. And then with Hank at four. And the reason we know that is because Curtis Stevenson was kind of enough to call us and let us know about it. Yeah. Right. That's right. That's the only reason we know. We don't have a program director who would be the person like in a real radio station. We would say, well, here's the schedule for today. And you can promote it a little bit. Let the audience know what's on first and what's on second. And Mad Dog after taking off Friday because both Shembrook and their Croke will be back today. We don't have a PD to do that because he's busy being a sportsman playing baby Schmidt. A female F.A. youth student and a male visitor were found dead in her dormitory suite over the weekend. And police today said both died of drug overdoses. How do you like that? Absolutely correct sir. Oh my God. Neither of the victims was immediately identified. Police also didn't reveal whether investigators found drugs or paraphernalia in the suite at the heritage park towers on F.A. Usman campus. Both police are helping campus police with investigations. The bodies of the two were found inside the apartment by another student around 330 S.A.F. and in campus police said both pronounced dead at the scene. Dead. Police said both died of overdoses from an unspecified drug or drugs. Octopsies are going on today to determine the exact time and cause of death for each. The Octopsies also said to me what drug was used. We knew what drug was used. Yeah. I could tell you that in no deon. In the meantime investigators try to determine where the two obtained the drugs. Oh, now we know where George is this week. Yeah. 997 votes on the pool. We'll get to a thousand and then after that you can lay back. It's a good pool. There's nothing wrong with it. I agree. And we got 8.9% say they hate the pool. And the reason that those people are saying this because their lives are probably a pile of crap. Well, there's no rational now content. Would you think? Yes. Which of course we know which of those people are. Yeah. And believe me, if I was them, I'd hate my life too. Doug Thompson, capital, blue dot com. You know how quiet because of all day because he's just gritting his teeth. Did you get any food release out of this today? Oh, you know we got the house. Yep. No, how is. Okay, that's good. And month came in this morning and said they had a phenomenal turnout. Now, it's too bad. Josh wasn't there. You promised you were going to be there. But then went out of town at the. I would like to go ice cream. If I weren't. You would have been there. Yeah. Come more free ice cream. No doubt. So I'm just going to start from the neo-rogage show. Can I have another couple of terms of free ice cream, please? Actually, the. I would have to go. From Jackson said, you know, I'm welcome to come by any time. Really? So, you know. I'm going to go. So, you see the person working on this show? That's right. I'm telling you, you're going to balloon up. You're going to be a cow. I just can feel it. You can't. Am I right? Do I make you? He will. He doesn't stop beating. So, absolutely. You people don't understand, okay. Yeah. We don't understand what. Like, I'm still active. So, I can eat as much as I want. Okay. I burn. I burn off everything. I eat. Let's put it that way. I'm not going to get a chance. I'm not touching that with a 10 foot. Mrs. The. So, Thompson says when correctly viewed everyone is screwed. And I would say that he is as usual. That's so. Here we are. He says nearly two weeks after the midterm elections that were supposed to turn things around for this company. Make his all feel better. And what do we have? Chaos would be a good word. Our chaos would be two better words. The blood bath in America is escalating. And blood bath is award even the ultra-carsha associated press using its headline today. Democrats continue to snipe at each other. Former Secretary of State Kissinger caused the wreck war on winnable and bushborn policy disastrous. And the Pentagon's got a new plan for the war. At least another 112 have died in Iraq today as Secretary of Violence increases. And the country plunges headlong into an uncontrollable civil war. Back here in the US of A, Democrats try to contain their own civil war on the aftermath of incoming Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi's humiliating defeat at the hands of the president. The fight for the fight for the defeat at the hands of colleagues who rejected her choice from a majority leader. Representative Steny Hoyer of Maryland who trounced Pelosi's choice. The ethics challenged Pennsylvania war critic John Murther for the job. Admittedly, he's worried about retaliation from the can he Pelosi. We're going to talk about that, Hoyer. Admitted what asked if he feared reprisal from the new speaker. But he added that retaliation would be a mistake for Pelosi because his supporters would retaliate against her. One of the reasons it's not going to happen is that there are a lot of them. If you have a margin of one or two or five or even ten, but when you have a margin as decisively as the caucus made a decision, then it's time to move on. Rye come from says Doug Thompson, those are called fighting words. Speaking of fighting words, former Secretary of State Kisinger says all the fighting in the world, what when the Iraq war? If you mean by a military victory in Iraqi government, it can be established and whose writ runs across the whole country. That gets the civil war under control and sectarian violence under control and time period. That the political processes of the democracies will support. I don't believe that's possible, Kisinger told the BBC, which I already told you before. This is a diplomat's long-winded way of saying, we're screwed. Over at the Pentagon, however, they say they have a new three option plan. It's called, go home, go big or go longer. Basically, the Pentagon's big plan goes like this. One, we can go home, which means we admit defeat and lose. Two, we can sit in war troops, which means war Americans die before we eventually lose. Another name for this might be, three strikes policy. Either way, we're out. And then he says, I'm going back to bed. And you know what I think I said about the angle back to bed too? I could use to get flowers actually. If you would have told me with it, it had all this. I mean, that's what it's a big deal. You know, you called Miguel and he came in, being the agenda of respect that he is, you know. Ten ten ten ten ten ten. Ten ten like W.I.N.C. Wins New York. Ten ten ten wins and ten ten. C.F.R.B. Toronto. And now what are you going to say? I said, my reggae would be answering the phone this morning. I did wake him up. Really? And what time was this? 9.30? 9 o'clock? No, I probably called him in about... Quarter 9. Quarter 9, yeah. Well, what time would you ordinarily come in? You wouldn't be working today? No, I'd be off today. Really? Yes. Being that I worked all week and long. So now that I was, if Joshua and Nicole, you wouldn't have come into the station all today. That is correct sir. So there's another piece of evidence. Okay, for the clearance, zero conviction book as if, you know, as if we don't have enough already. It didn't go to make any difference though because he's got that picture as man. He's got Joe Bell by the short hairs. Speaking of people who shaved their private. He's got about the short hairs wherever they might be. And long hairs. So that's what we're faced with. That's what we're confronted with, okay? So I think, you know, cutting that deal a couple of your short sounds like or we'll win it or me, I could, you know, really consider. I can save up a few bucks between 9 a.m. of the year. 10, 10 on the poll. What's your biggest regret? And on the bottom getting divorced is two. Didn't graduate high school seven. Abusing drugs and alcohol seven. I see it took them a while to get over the, uh, get on the floor. Get off the floor. Having kids 11 and getting fat is moving up big. 21. 21. Great. Getting fat. Because once you get there, which you can do in no time at all. And take any town dog, you'll see, you'll see, Josh. Nope. When you were like, really poorly. When you say, oh gee, I look now today like what the beast is to look like before he croaked few years ago. That's what you'll be saying. Listen, I'm also a thin guy. I mean, I could eat, I could eat like, you know, a pound burger and I lose a pound. You know, I can't stand that. I hate people like that. I see when you're fat like me, you hate people who like, can eat all they want never again anyway. It can't stand that. I had a friend like that in college. Skinny is a real. Eight and eight and eight. I mean, just, you can't even be get to imagine. How much this? Yeah, I can't. You can't. But I can't gain weight. What was that? You heard me? No, seriously, what did you just say? How many of you say, how many of you go? You said he could eat as well. He could. I thought of food. I know. You were fighting. You said something else, which I'm not going to repeat it because it's a long good choice. I'm just glad you didn't say it. 10 13 on the pool, 10 13. It's not bad. Okay. I think that's a good total to close with. And I think between one and two, I got a really good idea. What would you do between one and two today? I'm sorry that about five times and you're all right. I've got to hear. The biggest thing is the best talent to the faces. We lost college, 4th, radio, 560. You A.M. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Tonight, go to dinner at the number one restaurant in town. CSI Fridays. Wow, this place is a mess. It looks like a grizzly crime scene. You're sure you want to eat your honey. I don't let the blood splatter for you. This place has the best burgers in town. At CSI Fridays, we have great food. Like autopsy burgers, DNA rats, and sizzling forensic fajitas. Watch out, man. The plate hot. I need it. Why do you wear rubber gloves? I don't want to contaminate the fajitas, man. My staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. Hi, I'm Katherine. Can I start you off with something to drink? I Katherine, I like, hey, wait a second. Don't I know you from somewhere? Did you use the dance at night? I don't use the dance at she is. I'll be right back. And for a killer birthday experience, make it CSI Friday! It's your birthday. I will, are you? We really want enough time! Hey! For Thursday, huh? CSI Fridays. Open in tune with Miami in New York. Yeah, I got the check. Got a coffee. It's my birthday. Six months ago, it's your birthday. You can, right? Got go. Real service. Real saving. Well, happy birthday, Vernon. So, one o'clock at 5, 60 W. Q. I'm letting me say it again. Jim Manis will be on a two, at least that's what we're hearing from Curtis Stevenson. What is South Africa's most notorious criminals escape from a high security prison by greasy himself up with petroleum jelly? And squeezing out of a tiny window, local news reports said that Angel Hannah's birth Southever, he greased himself up with petroleum jelly and squeezed right out. And Aniis, Mathae, a Mozambican national waiting trial on rape murder and other charges, removed a bulletproof window at Praetoria C. Max prison and pushed himself through the opening which measured just eight by 23 inches. Can you envision that? That's pretty tight. Eight by 23 inches. We are devastated. We won't sleep till we get him said, please have to an Arnold Boone struck. He said the escape was Houdini style, police were immediately available to comment. Those reports said the police were not able to explain how Mathae freed himself from handcuffs or give other details in the escape. The first report at the top security C. Max prison and 36 year history. The Congressional Services Minister called for an investigation in Manis, minute to prison. I don't think that any offender can just escape as easy as that from C. Max. I know C. Max have been in several times. He said, there must be some collusion that took place. He said, some collusion. The story sounds really eight by 23 inches. I mean, I'm looking at like a regular sheet of paper is one, eight by 11. Yeah. So if you take like, like two sheets of paper, that guy must be like a Bucco five or less. Yeah, he must be skinny mini. He must use a lot of grease. He must have really looped it up. Say, well, we had how he's earlier but Gary came by and Brad Atonis as this new bread brought us by a sub. That is excellent. The list of that. Apparently, man, this is just great. She was worth McGill getting out of bed now for coming in bulk up a little bit. Absolutely. By the way, something. Yeah. You have a new slideshow on your my space page. Right under your boy Brady Quinn there. And what is that? That's a surprise. OK. On long and please. I'll say to one, Stinges. Just a little bit more. I'll eat this dog. OK, that's good. Got some boobies on there. OK, no face. We have no idea who they are. And they certainly all definitely. I mean, there's no 15 or 16 year old girls got boobies like that that I know of. No, they shouldn't put any way. So there. It's prohibited by law. So there's some boobies for you on our space page. And I thought we were going to put those on our home page on a website. Well, I have no control with that. What is that? You don't want to put those on there? Want to, hey, listen. No, that's it. Well, let's not go put in no boobies on our website. OK, if it's the my space page, we'll blame somebody else with our blame at Gell. He's the one in charge of that. Sure. Smoking is being employed by some politicalism, including Barack Obama and Laura Bush, as a means of humanizing themselves to voters, according to an article that appeared to the October issue of the new republic. They're smoking it. Barack Obama's revelation that he's thinking about a 2008 run for president set off a predictable flurry of partnerships this week. Pulled up politics watches and speculated about how the electorate would react to everything from his youth to his pigmentation to his acknowledgement that he messed around with marijuana, and maybe a little blow. Is now what Ms. Foley said the same thing? Maybe a little blow. Different kind. But a far more interesting, if list legally dicey bullet point was buried in a few of the recent stories about the Illinois senators and ambitions, Obama is a cigarettes smoker. Oh, my God. Why not how do we care about that? He's puffin' on them, faggot. In a different time, we're a different spot on the socioeconomic totem pole. It might seem a lot of weirder for an ambitious politician who admits snorling cocaine, than to acknowledge struggling with nicotine. But among the hat, now maybe you ought to put that on our pole too. What's that? What's your biggest regret smoking cigarettes? OK. No? Yeah? You don't think especially some of the people out there who maybe die in from like lung cancer and facemula. Like that? But among the healthy living smarts, it types to represent the elite of both an democratic party and the American mirror ofocracy. Smokers are about as common as guys with mustaches. I've mentioned to say youthful coke dambers, probably outnumbered old smokers among Obama's fellow 80s Harvard law students at Cisnes article. Not that any of this means Obama's tobacco news will hurt him in politics to the contrary in an age when too many politicians come off as blood-ruged confections who's every decision is based on some calculus of future advancement. A public image can actually be huped by the occasional evidence of vice, at least a variety of it that doesn't involve interns, pages or choked mistresses. Marine Doudrode on Saturday that the smoking habit was an example of how the senator was intriguingly imperfect. A description that was never applied to the likes of Al Gore-John Kerry. Actuarially foolish and hopelessly out of fashion, it's a behavior that at least in an over-achieveable like Obama seems to assuage our nationalist comfort with over an ambition. How much of a striver can be if he's also a smoker? Obama's not the only smoker to gain authenticity points by copying this most de-class say of American vices. News that Laura Bush was a smoker and speculation that she still puffs away while immersed in the occasional Dostae F. Key book is a staple of the glowing press cover to celebrate the first ladies uncorculated on pretentious unpolitical style. She makes me one of vomit. Upon being introduced to her future mother-in-law, Laura Bush allegedly showed her non-washing toning and chapsed by responding to a question about what she did for a living by saying, I read, I smoke and I admire her. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. How do you like that? She reads, she's gross and she admires. And of course when she says she admires, it sure is how linder husbands she's talking about. Or her mother-in-law, or father-in-law, for that matter either. I admire and I covet. I've met it openly and freely. How do you like that? I admire and I cover it. I look good as a do-me? None. 1,033 votes on a poll. Smoking cigarettes we got on there too. I bet you were lacking going to be votein' on that. It wasn't a laid-back Turkish holiday. This is from Time Magazine. The citizens of the proud predominantly Muslim nation had no love of poops to the East Iranian government was galvanizing anti-Western feeling. The news reported that an escape killer was on a loose threatening to assassinate the Pontiff when he arrived. Yet the Holy Father was undonned. Love is stronger than danger. He said, I am in the hands of God. He said, deal God. He feared forward to anchor right to Western Bull and preach the commonality of the world and their great faiths. He enjoyed both Christians and Muslims to seek ties and friendship with other believers who involved in a single God. As in, he didn't leave covered with garlands, but he said a groundwork for what would be years of rapprochmop between the Holy Sea and Islam. He was a United out of divide. That was 1979. When Benedict XVI travels to Turkey next week on his first visit to a Muslim country, since becoming Pope last year, he's unlikely to cloak himself in the downy banner of the Brotherhood, the way Pope John Paul the tutte during his surgery in there two years ago. Instead Benedict X79 will arrive carrying a much different reputation and wearing much fun your little red shoes, that a hard knuckle intellect with a taste for blunt talk and interreligious confrontation. Just 19 months into his tenure, the Pope has become as much of a lightning rod as a moral leader suddenly when he speaks to whole world. Listen, do you listen when he speaks? I don't. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, don't. Listen, do you listen how D curse you, listen and do you say what man would you listen to him? Don't you know what about Paul the friend whom I don't remember a teacher, who just passed away inwordonly by all of his This guy just went back and then he went 말 crazy people like Kim Jong-il what's that team America world police all one of my very favorites and I watched the whole damn thing again what's not the like though with the public now the one with the public so what do you say like that he didn't know that's what you don't think that's a great movie you know what I haven't seen yet all i'm gonna have to give it to them no i have it i just haven't seen it have a three-year-old scene match point either no i have it's that's one of those is one of the one in jibringly's in there for uh... i did i have a half of that and i have and you have a america you have mass point yes would you get that from George mubli me all i like that he can get a lot of that at dvd's there are on my uh... that's my homework assignment they're she's tank yes she is ten forty one on the pool of what's coming in and chunks we got a shot at ten fifty by the time we got on here ten fifty wmgm ww to wait and charm c-h-u-m here's some very bad news for people of america and the world massachusetts senator john kary insistent yesterday he his box joke about president bush's a rye policy would not undermine a possible white house campaign in two thousand eight like that not in the least carry said one asked if the fewer over his comment accustomed to reconsider a two thousand eight race the parrugging with who's up who's down to the radar far-fila's that stuff i never would have won the nomination he said one of the republican politicians mentioned a crowded field for the white house for more house figure new dingridge city would make it a sit until september of next year rather than i will obviously next year rather than the late day of the campaign cycle the focus in the private sector on trade policies right we have lots of time for personal ambition the judge of republican said i think an awful lot of energy this early is wasted we gotta be focusing on you know how you're gonna compete with china india how you're gonna solve the problem in a rack how's he gonna solve his problem is a messy divorces and all of a other up and we can't gingrich said Arizona senator john mccain and former new york mayor Rudy julianny both of them who said a presidential sport or a committees would likely front runners but gingrich said voters are you're in a for a clearer conservative voice i think mid-rombie has a chance to fill the king would said refer to the alcoe massachusetts governor who's a moreman people are going to vote for a moreman for governor they don't want to write up to their doorstep on a bicycle with a white shirt and black tie i can't say julianny was in american hero for his leadership in the york following the line of the tax but we can call himself the best presidential candidate based on a record of being conservative republican about the national security and the fence is you and speaking by the way of john carry when it comes to that can't get him be hands down your pants when it comes to lawflip fact don't have a story about that here we go the king flip flops on roe v way which i'll get to that after the break flip floper with a big puffy cheek you would you over a guy with a big popped up chief like that never met a war day didn't like who's uh... kiss in bushes ash lately all he can kissy kissy kissy baby john McCain my ass but that of course democrats who have that that neck of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory that probably stick a hell of a nair and he will just slap her bear hit his lap alone could be here sideways to next Wednesday you think yes if you're up don't be doing it guys no slippery please okay she never stole a free train in fact i'd stick a rash on a free train when that's going like you know out of control real fast right downhill any kind of come back anytime soon thousand forty five ohs on the pool on a very very i don't know this is not a good start to this week it definitely is a week everybody should be taken off so that maybe by Thursday we might have something to be thankful for or maybe if clarances playing crashes on the way back and he and cats and her sir both in it all i guess he must be back uh although maybe joke all of them on his cell or in his cell which is very belongs hey clarants you're an idiot and everybody knows it schmuck from it's past one at five sixty w to q m in an auto-wax it is a traumatic experience their shock their stress their stress their grief it's something nobody wants to have happened but it sure is held us and what it does you need help answering all the questions that immediately go racing through your mind what do i do now do i need medical treatment when in the attorney and my intent of the compensation so many questions and so much confusion you need to be sure you call the right number the first time when you do need help and here's that number to call one triple eight crash sixty one it's a free call there's no obligation one eight eight eight crash sixty one because you need answers not another accident not the more grief twenty four hours a day seven days a week you can call that full free number it's your auto-wax it in hotline one triple eight crash sixty one it's toll free there is absolutely no obligation get all your questions answered right away about your auto-wax it with the first call one triple eight crash sixty one that's one eight eight eight crash sixty one the biggest name of best talent to the basis wheel rotters sports radio five sixty you eight uh... statistics show that many men suffering from symptoms of a heart attack will delay going to the hospital until the big game is over we feel this is wrong that's why we created the s p n hospital s p n hospital is a state of the arthmetica facility and the hottest sports bar around the triple bypass wasn't going to keep me from triple overtime s p n hospital has the top coronary care unit in the area and point of big screen TV to catch all the acts from intention care to intensely hot buffalo wings s p n the hospital will save your life while you have the time of your life doctors are great the food is awesome and the nurses bring my meds in a frosting mug uh... i feel better already from pre-up to post game he has been the hospital is about place to be okay run our way one seventeen five sixty w q m mad dog back today at two then the power hour of mad dog in the hump or between four and five hangover five to six thirty all by himself and then we got panther preview six three to seven which show you'll that panthers at the abru in seven or clock that far by the world famous any case you don't tell me he's back from uh... vagus already uh... that was a short what was that all about uh... i don't know was there a fight or something go on and there's a boxing match so yeah who won the fight don't know just a joke in nineteen ninety nine the moderate version of john McCain said that overturning rovers is weighed would be dangerous for women and he wouldn't support even long-term here's McCain and the San Francisco Chronicle from ninety nine i'd love to see a point where it's irrelevant and could be repealed because abortion is no longer necessary but certainly in the short term or even the long-term i would not support repeal roe way which would then force x number of women in america to undergo illegal and dangerous operations this morning and abc McCain now aggressively courting life's a jury fall well expressed his unequivalent support for overturning roe v-wade that was yesterday morning on jurid step on top of us in abc step on awful is let me ask you one question about abortion and i want to turn to a rack you're for a constitutional amendment banning abortion with some of the substance uh... for life in rape and insist McCain rape and system life of the mother yes step on apple the source president bojette that has an advanced in six years he's been an office what are you going to do to advance a constitutional amendment that president boj hasn't done McCain i don't think a constitutional amendment probably going to take place but i do believe that it's very likely possible that the supreme court should could overturn roe v-wade which would then return these decisions to the states which i support step on office and you'd be for that McCain yes because of a federalist just as i believe the issue will gain merit should be decided by the states so do i believe we'd be better off by having roe v-wade return of the states and i don't believe the supreme court should be legislating in the way they did on roe v-wade i'd like that lawful or baby john McCain also never met a war didn't like maniac but of course the media is in love with him for some of the reason they'd like to present him as being one thing that he's not which is a rational person republican strategist plight in their parties come back after laws control of congress and by identified the first lady of democrat politics is a key target in the two thousand eight white house campaign even though she won't be running senior party operatives told us Sunday telegraph the yesterday there were already coordinating plans to attack nancy policy the liberal californian congressman and speaker in waiting who suffered a damaging web of a more on party caucus last week can't stand that bitch the republican strategy is not only one of my misses policies controlled the house but also to associate her in voters minds with senator hillby clinton the firm under the two thousand eight democratic presidential nomination two years of policy gives you good idea but four years of hell real be life said time delay they're both committed liberals and will make it clear to the american people that they are misses clinton fifty nine has yet to declare herself as a presidential candidate but is accumulated a vast war chest of campaign donations they would make her hard to stop if she decides to run for the democratic nomination please don't republican strategist are determined to prepare for the possibility well advanced they're praying for her to be the candidate they're praying misses policies opening week funders will make the republican tactics issue to execute a ralli john murtha if yet not veteran is leading calls for the media u.s. trooper from a rack lost heavily in that party bound for the position majority leader in this embarrassment uh... pre-press is it press pretty pretty say that you got the article then embarrassed minis a four right of the trouble should see i have no idea how you say that she'll have holding together the democratic majority whose members range from left wingers from interstate districts to centers congressman from civil areas in the west i got the article you have memorized a yet even outside our website shame on you how do you ever get that straight now would i probably had the yesterday um... error called me when it was fixed yeah that's it and you show them on up there let's see how if we're getting before i continue with this very important story that i can pronounce that word uh... if we're getting a big research on yesterday's all boy eighty on that first story carol maybe leaving the warehouse in weeks not months eighty reads on that that's that's pathetic it's embarrassing and you say it's iris fault shame on you work by the way if you see the Mickey d spot what a guy's eating the two guys isn't their eating and one guy says what he got he says junior chicken sandwich you know the spot i'm talking about i think so yeah now what kind of a was eats a junior chicken sandwich or what even admitted what is well-go-order a happy meal a junior chicken sandwich and in these are adults to guys you know anyway miss is Pelosi 66 was married to a multi-million uh... property investor multi-millionaire become the most powerful men in american political history when the new house sits for the first time in January as speakers she ranks second line with the presidency after the exchange of the vice president resoul of the liberal voting record during nineteen years as a frisco congressman made a were a long time target for republican spread of strategies to tax they now plan to focus on the difficulties he's like that i haven't run in the house splits with the democratic ranks on a rack in her post that she will oversee the most ethical congress ever in the wake of republican corruption scandals Pelosi has set the bar extraordinarily high for the conduct of a caucus herself and even hellery says a former republican house strategist Tony quallow former democratic whip in the house of rent by as president al-gourdes 2000 presidential campaign that's just parties concerns even season democrats are concerned about the republicans ability to tar the polished image of hillary by attacking misses Pelosi told us on the telegram if nancy does poorly that heard celerry that's really unfair but that's what everyone thinks that's reality to help the hillary nancy has to be perceived as an effective leader and she's had a terrible start it was just an awful first week awful a senior republican operative who planned the damaging ads against senator john kerry the democrats are candidate in 2004 predicted it wouldn't be easy to turn misses Pelosi into a surrogate target from his clinton if he'll be able to separate herself from criticism of her own husband she'll try to do the same with Pelosi he said she and her people are very smart they'll try to highlight the difference between the two women you'll see how to remove more to the center he'd be saying oh there she is now how do you like that for timing uh man i think i'd be really right now go find a good machine i think it's my lucky day could i do that again in a million years no these guys are busy eating okay then i pay attention anything that i'm sitting here with these stories they could care less like just finished up so don't worry they're eating man man jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman jaman that's what goes on in that studio and one of the places in such total disarray probably the roaches turned upside down over the weekend one oh six nine thousand sixty nine votes on the pool what's your biggest regret i think that's one of the better polls we've taken the long time you know it's not bad i didn't really know you wanted a response there just relax okay just i just all that food man now what was it that they brought some's well Tony's yeah well Gary came in was that not you're taking sandwich they got a uh got a good bread going on at Tony's which is fantastic so they brought in a sub for me eat well was that wasn't that special got a little good bread biggest regret the ass i'm as three sixty five missing out all that i came from jackson's is what am i best regrets oh i probably be dead never went to college one thirty three wish i've been a better person ninety nine isn't that damn honest than admitting that they're rotten no good bastards pretty honest yeah i hate this pool ninety one down eight and a half percent thank god um getting married ninety one never found true love eighty six nor can we find a song by being crossed being grace killing don't have it no gods never found true love eighty six have none fifty seven no regrets boy i'd sure like to meet those people and you know and then probably those people are really idiots you know well you think the reason for that why is that you don't have any regrets on life you know you don't look back upon it and say i wish i didn't done that you know it's an attitude thing yeah okay well i guess it's healthy attitude i think everybody which is they got a little more ass no i mean a lot more anybody get too much ass out there back to nobody raising her half in here no regrets fifty eight was allows me senator thirty six never bought a house thirty six getting fat thirty five having kids twenty abusing drugs rack all eight didn't graduate high school eight smoking cigarettes puppet on those nasty cancers to expand them faggot five and getting divorced only four in fact probably most of our divorce people out there kiss the ground for a jinn honor the day that they did the the best thing so best challenge for the this is wheel rotters for sure you'll five sixty right meals poll from the twisted minds who brought you hollowing comes an entirely new dimension in horror don't look in the oven or you'll experience the start make it teller that he's thanks giving a family just like yours eats a bird that was once alive and they eat until they feel like they're going to explode but it doesn't stop there uncle Luther now it's time to entertain me in law is that fish i smell or the dog i'm a logic in all and you'll think they're never going to leave so uh where do i put these sedation and just when you thought you could escape by watching TV you'd discover there is no way out now game number two of our holiday NFL quadruple hitter Thanksgiving the annual terror is back last night a good one self-living a dining room near you one thirty two a qm saw me ask you when did this uh dolphins on thanks giving a one hell of an answer um i thought it was always detroit and green bay on Thanksgiving day wasn't it no it's always detroit yeah it's always detroit the green bay the opponent to be the TV a threat like uh board up TV a yeah way to hear this speaking of uh how much has just too much two piece activist a plan a massive anti-war demonstration for the first day of winter but they don't want you marching in the streets they must read the just a home the global orgasm for peace was conceived by Donna she in seventy six and parriffel 55 who's in modest school is for everyone in the world i have an orgasm the simmer twenty second while focusing on world peace your gazzam gives out an incredible feeling of peace during at an after it refills said sunday your mind is like a blank it's like a meditative state and mass meditations have been shown to make a change a couple are no stranger's to sex and social activism she and no relation anti-war activist Cindy she and brought together nearly fifty women in 2002 who stripped naked and spelled out the world peace the word peace the stunts bond a mini movement called bearing witness that led to simmer uncoded demonstrations worldwide the couple of studied evolutionary psychology believe that war is mainly an outgrowth of men trying to repress potential mates a case of my missile is bigger than your missile as a fellow put it i promoting what they hope to be a synchronized global orgasm they hope to get people to channel their sexual energy and to something more positive a couple said interest appears strong with twenty six thousand hits a day to their website global orgasm dot org well right the dream is to have everyone in the world take part refills and if that means laying down your gun for a few minutes then hey all the better you lay down your peace and pick up your other piece pick up your pistola global orgasm dot org see dot com with this just one of the same impact so there you go market down in your count and out say oh a month away from Wednesday Wednesday remember twenty two the summer twenty second are martyred have a giant whooping orgasm or maybe several on that day the summer twenty two because the more you have the more peace is going to be that's right and the more peace you get thousand eighty eight votes we're going to make eleven hundred a day that's not too shabby we had a pretty weak start you think we're going to make it out i said we're going to have a tough time making a thousand as if you as if you really care okay you want to work and you got a page right out of your just book of indifference we've all heard the book of love they got the book of indifference aren't you excited about that i was asking i'm not i mean i know you're not any more than i am but it's something to try to like uh... you know whip up the audience a little bit like uh... pretend that we care parents can't even do that he can't even pretend that he cares that nitwit that's simple that quizling speak of that gender-bending boy fruit flies fight like girls big and a clearance this fits right in and instead of that says that on the biology of aggression scientists swap jeans in gender-bending fruit flies to make boys fight like girls and girls fight like boys researchers from harvard medical school and the institute of molecular pathology in vina focused on a gene in fruit flies dot fruitless and important player in behavioral differences between the sexes of these insects the gene is known for its role in male courtship but also controls another sex specific behavior how flies fight according to the research and pereon yesterday journal nature neuroscience which i'm sure you're all read religiously when they fight female fruit flies rely on the new words like shoving in headbutts to an opponent's body if we see flies headbutt lately males use tactics that include lunging boxing and we're up on their back legs and snapping down their forelegs to flatten an adversary the researchers swap the male and female versions of the gene fruit flies and observe the consequences males with a feminine gene use female fighting tactics while the females with a masculine genes felt like the boys like dikes i mean people have a lot to learn about the biological basis of aggression said harvard neuro biologist Edward cramitz one of the studies authors it goes without saying aggression as well as violence in a society's a serious problem it has to have biological roots and the biological roots will have genetic components and experimental what is it experimental components grab a whatever the hell you're all right today you're uh come to me what front and your pronunciation experiential once the last time you saw that word uh experiential component my ass i'm having a little trouble with a few of these words today and you're picking on it my letter you read a few of these stories okay mr. hot shot all read them but you will thousand eighty one were inch and closer to that eleven hundred mark we're getting really close right to the precipice don't forget we got boobies in our mice face page today run under a bready quinn booboo what that was that where did that come from booboo where's it that's homework what is it homework from the substance it'll be under a simps sims simps no that's in the next spot under sims what the hell is that i don't have that as i am p.s no i have that but where was that sound dash woohoo oh i never even played that in my life and probably never will again president boob suffered as most visible diplomatic set back since his parties defeated midterm elections yesterday when agent leaders failed a backwarshan's call for robust action against the riz caria and kim jongil or alic bald one you you haven't seen that team of american world police not yet no then how do you know a simil he was a marionette if you have long we had this conversation last time i did this sure and you still even since then you still have a watch that is correct it's great madame mr. boobshian vietnam on his first foreign trips since the elections had lobbied spread recently for a unified strategy and a getting company and who abandoned his new revisions meeting the Russian chinese have to read and japan leaders on the sidelines of the summit the rebuff the second from mr. boobshian's weekend on orc ria underlone the president's diminished powers in the wake of his election defeat be like uh... car can with too much crypto night near his ass you know he's got the minister powers so too did they muted response to mr. boobshian's present in hanoi a shadow of the tumultuous reception for president when he visited the atnome six years ago and that's because the rest of the world is on to this bush baby they're on to his ass they know him for what he is don't tell me they're going to go on about this uh... Richard's thing here look i mean he's sick over what happened so i think that the uh... the snowball is kind of rolling down the hill now and he's going to have to do something what that something is i don't know but i mean he's going to have to make some kind of statement i didn't mean to say the end word i mean the uh... s word you know the t word you know any letter but and word c and n is the only place that reporting that story that is correct i i i go on out over the place i try to find the story in prince of the night could read it on the air and yeah talk about it a little bit more intelligently i can't find it they have the video clip on here and that doesn't tell you squad anyway right so there you go there the only one's at a whipped up to a frenzy about it because he said the in word on stage in l a some of stupid as comedy club first of all any guy that's at a comedy club well it's a piece of a top like some of uh... like some a chicken ex uh... buddies what does that mean one what what what does it mean if a guy goes to a comedy club michael richards is a teen east out what does he do in a comedy club if you start out of the club that's well if you did start off and bigger part of the comedian first i understand that but now he's going back to the so join for the work of the attorney uh... background as well could anything happen without legally or who the hell cares okay i mean this is this is the best they've got all day their pomp and his manner of pomp and wait till the summer twenty second and then start pomp and twenty two uh... to a q i'm not your right i'm way off my feet in a question it's all because of uh... clearance you might judge i'm a new part of it just missed your not all misjudged all not that we don't enjoy having to judge there but it we need to respect after his hard-ass behavior last week you know it's one thing to be an expert on something we like be like my giving you a song to dance about the uh... noted name air force in army game you're like that how do i know who they played i don't watch any of it i wouldn't even home i was busy plunging my guts out was a woodbind weekend that that is correct saturday not so good yesterday uh... broke even and got to meet my good friend from wherever he's from well didn't get really meet to meet him or anything else got to saw that bitch which he came over and put her hands on a shoulders and then she reached on he looked back up and they kissed on the lips uh... i wanted to just vomit yeah just like that uh... i thought to myself what in got your right it must be the money she must she must be from a family that's absolutely loaded you know i'm saying absolutely god if she paid you guys each ten grand you wouldn't touch the best part of her if you could find it with a search part i'm telling you right now got ten gith on there i don't know i'm telling you right now we could each use ten grand right now i'm sure there'll be a line at the door on your way out you yeah have you done they look a little crazy times of crazy one they look a little kid who gets in a way john drove all the orchestrics wady they look a little kdz new it's not too late think again you can back out of this cruise wedding you're not too old to start again hey little kdz i'm tall edges you're fairer hey little k your parents are pissed hey little k it's not too late to run don't be afraid of maverick from top one hey little kdz bring up it's not too late to pick again you can back out of this cruise wedding you're not too late to pick again hey you're not too old thank god for the NFL maybe i guess i've preempted all the crap about that stupid ass wedding i guess it took place over the weekend anybody care no in Italy they can't stop freaking talking about it which makes me just want to exactly shoot somebody maybe Tommy would be good you're fairer eleven o'clock we talked eleven hundred mark on our poll today and spotted john saying we'll never make nine hundred whatever the hell you said Derek what's his name Derek z Jackson they're both in gloom what are you pardon he said they're jitter they're jitter rights the anti-gay obsession it's been a derogated there always lot of rumors about him too you know i'm sure you do know that he's going out with uh just a couple of bill Howard bill what did i tell you Derek jitter is going out with how old is he now about forty almost now come on Derek jitter i bet she's like thirty five eight years not thirty two one Derek jitter is in his twenty okay right i'd say it's about thirty man i'm saying thirty two guess okay i'm googling him right now okay let's look at up maybe i'll get one right there so far so screwed up that yeah i might be back stop on that note it who the hell cares who noted the me some candy and let's go off the merchant marine okay and what's his name uh Brady had a big game Tom Brady Brady Quinn everybody named the Brady bunch had a big day let's see jitter this isn't what i want i don't care about the jitter and Ortiz where the hell is uh oh there it is seventy four Derek jitter looking to get home uh would just go to he was born in seventy four that makes him thirty two wow thirty two how do you like that huh more than a tonie for my earlier mistakes in the show post-all awards i bought you today but then why would anybody care nobody cares not listening to the words i'm just hearing the sound of my voice to think oh neos on today yeah isn't that what it is oh yeah that's it maybe maybe later this week will take some calls what do you think no no well on our Miguel being there tomorrow Wednesday and then Friday while Friday we're playing the rack anyway Derek Jackson in the Boston Globe says the anti-gay obsession all in the same week governor mid-romb in the US Catholic bishops the Baptist day convention north keralina and the presbytory in church USA drove themselves nuts over homosexuality here in Massachusetts he says despite ample evidence that two years of same-sex marriage haven't destroyed straight life in the commonwealth romney is helping planner rally for a statewide referendum to ban it today the rally a month ago one of his sky is falling speeches romney said activist George struck a blow to the foundation of civilisation of family he went so far as to say the price of same-sex marriages paid by the children in Washington the bishop passed a bizarre set of guidelines ministered of persons with a homosexual inclination in the same breath they claim to be welcoming the game lesbian people then tell them to be chased and stand the closet about their sexual orientation the bishops remain resolute that being gay or lesbian is disordered the Baptist day convention of north keralina voted with spell congregation that affirm homosexuality period let alone gay marriage in our day in time no other sin march is so defiantly across our national landscape expulsion for voting mark Harris was quoted as saying the press material in church was so fearful of the march of this march of sin that it was going to put the Reverend Janet Edwards on trial for marrying a same-sex couple charges were rocked too late and were dropped maybe they should have burned her at the stake or just invited her over for one if you ask me know I should load up all these folks in the arc and wrapped them off in south Africa he says well all this nothingness was going on here the South African parliament this week voted 230 to 41 to legalize same-sex marriage this vote came after south-efficers high-square ruled at existing marriage laws discriminated against gainless being couples the post-apartied South African constitution passed about a decade ago was not worthy of being the first in the world of explicitly all-out discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation South African defense minister muscia la coda was quoted by the associated press is saying the roots of this billiard many years of struggle this country can't afford to be a prison of time-worm prejudices which have no basis in modern society what did I call time-worm time-worm prejudices you're right i'm like cocky today let us be quit the future generations a society which is more democratic and tolerant than the one that was handed down to us he said the tone of affirmation south-efficers been said years before by the likes of former South African president Nelson Mandela who lost his son to aides and no bell peace price loweria does been two two was repeatedly criticized homophobia in the church this is crazy the retired archforship said eight years ago we say the expression of love is amenogamous heterosexual relationship more than just a physical but includes touching embracing kissing maybe the general act the totality of this makes it to us go to become giving increasingly godlike and compassionate if this is so for the heterosexual what earthly reason we'd say that it's not the case with a homosexual provided the relationship is exclusive not for misguice that's where he left me john Allen to two formal press secretary and baga for last months had two two found a little bit short about rages that to church leader should be obsessed with issues of sexuality in the face of the challenges of age and global poverty too many south Africans remember that homosexuals were imprisoned for the sexual orientation alongside Mandela two two successive is archbishop as continued to voice a similar message referring to the consequences of a fiscal bishop v gene Robinson in who hamster in 2003 new gani told the Washington Post last spring the anger him commune should be on the forefront of fighting social deals and not bothering about what gene Robinson may be doing or not doing nagani himself a formal political prisoner at robin island added one of the key things we've learned both as a country and as a church is the principle of non-discrimination because the people were discriminated against under a apartheid or judge on things they couldn't alter compared with that kind of thinking in south Africa rameen american church leaders are trying to lead a backlash see more like they have too much time on her hands rameen's known for saying gay marriage return massachusetts in wadlaus vagus for such events it's time to stop judging things that he can't alter except maybe boys maybe the altars and boy that's what the church specializes in and you name the church that's just a catheter to like the altar boys they do eleven nineteen on the pool one thousand one nineteen let's see what about the i hate this pool is that under nine percent hate this pool eight point two percent excellent day the biggest name so best talent to the this is me or rockers sports radio five sixty you a you admitted that there were the cia secret facilities so what lies that on within the law the head of amnesty international says secret sites are against international law we just agreed this agreement and plus my job is to protect you and most american people if i said that we had but but we think so mass of mine and now eleven they would say fashie cp can get information out of them with that fortune which is what we did i have the obligation to make sure that our professionals who i would ask to go conduct interrogations to find out what might be happening who might be coming after this country i've given the tools i need and that is clear law this is an important point and i think you did it point i just made is the most important point and that is the program is not going for maybe you can give a hypothetical about North Korea on the other country the point is that the program is not going to go forward if our professionals do not have clearly law and the best way to provide clearly law is to make sure the teaching each treatment act is to crux the law that's how we define common article three in a such a good standard for the countries that you just talked about next month common article three says that you know there will be no outrageous upon human dignity that's a very thing what does that mean outrageous upon human dignity what does that mean bye bye