Alright, 9.58 on Sports Radio 5.60 QAM. Alright, just to save 5.60. As we go to Neil now, with somewhere in a wilds. Well, but if you just say 5.60, what does that mean? The most important part of the day, the real 5.60, non-sports. Oh, so how many hockey codes you get this morning? None. You know. And I brought it up. 6 in a row, man. It went every game they find the way to learn it. They're still in the hunt. And they're ready to kill. No, no, no. They're in the heat. That's what they care about. But out of here, if there wasn't any heat at all, they still wouldn't care. That's not so. Okay. It's just not. They just don't care. They care about the heat, believe me. No, can't. The care about. The heat's part of the heat. Well, how come they don't care about guilty? He does the pantheon games. Do you care about him? About who guilty? Yeah. He's okay. He's no mole. I don't know. I don't know how to say a problem with guilty. Why do you have to problem with him now? No. I got a problem with the new salesman. You're he's he's uh, what was the other guy you called him? He's stiffy. Yeah. This is a stiffy with the 7 draw. Yeah. That's right. That's the only change is the X. I'm here that nasty echo again. Every day for like this is the second or third week in a row. Air rest, sink in day. Echo echo echo. Let's crack it up. We're allowed. How's that? Oh, now I hear it. What day? Here. Now because I got to my. I made it. Now with you today. Marlins, baby. We love those marlins. They're really great. 1250 Marlins on deck of Marlins in the Metz on Jupiter. Early day that means off to wood vine plunged my guts out. So while I've been on the area, I noticed that there is a resignation in the White House. Yeah. Andy card. Big deal. Yeah. Yeah. Bush is shuffling the deck in this card fell out. Very good. Andy card. And that cute. Yeah. Like it's a big deal. I can make a big difference. Nobody cares. I'm going to tell you seriously. Troy's dreadford. I very seldom get his angry as you know, the sales department pisses us off because they're incompetent. They're idiots. But I may just have to hire a hitman to take care of this guy. He's just everything that I've worked for 30 years. I think it's very appropriate that it's right on the heels of this 30th anniversary. Everything single thing that I've worked to build for 30 years. They're dismantling it right now. So I take him down to Berlin Wall. That's what they're doing to me. But again, take the mind of the bank. I've got my tax returns for my tax guy yesterday. Yeah, got a FedEx package. Got a huge, the biggest refund ever coming in my life. Huge kind of like winning the progressive Jackpot it would buy. So I feel pretty good about that. That's good. No. No, no extra money for that. Give me some good plumbing money for the summertime for that. Tough summer schedule, those two weeks. You know, the football players get those two days. I got those two weeks. Do you have a plan yet? What do you mean? Where are you going to go? What do you mean where I'm going to go? I'm not, well, what does that mean? Where I'm going to go? I've got some place in the summer. I'm going to Berlin. Oh, thank you very much. Yeah. Well, we got the rule cup. Ah, you like Berlin now. I love Berlin. What do you mean? I wouldn't be there. I wouldn't be there. I wouldn't be there. I wouldn't be there. I wouldn't be there. I wouldn't be there. But you know, you like, do you do talk about going to Italy? You talked, of course, about Amsterdam. But Berlin seems to have replaced those places. Berlin, Colon. I love Germany. I don't like Frank for the Humboldt so much. Especially Frank for it. That was horrible. I had the best time of my life in Berlin. Yeah. It's not to like, man. It's a great place. It's just a wonderful city. Yep. Well, that's, of course, so we bombed it into the Stone Age in the war. So they had to rebuild a whole thing. So it's beautiful and modern and just the great. It's very nice. Anybody on anybody under the age of 40 is great. The old people are still like ghost stepping. You know, they're still, they can just tell you. Get that feeling. It's still a ghost stepping a little bit. Yep. I don't know if I ever told you this enough. But when I went there years ago with the dolphins, they had a preseason game there. And I was working for a channel for a TVJ. And I did a feature on a guy who had been watching the, he watched the walk on Danny. It was a New York advertising executive. And he moved to Germany and opened a chain of hotdogs stands and he's doing his own. Because they didn't have hotdogs in Germany. They had worse. Right. Okay. Well, every street corner is another, a brought worse story. Yeah. Well, I love those brought worse, man. There's nothing like in the UK. You can't get. I don't care where you go. You cannot get the brought worse like in Berlin. That's right. But he brought high grades over there. And he was very successful. And he got the t-shirt concession. That check point Charlie. In fact, there's one place where I go. It's right next to a big supermarket where they have curry worst, which is, you know, and they, what they do is they slice up the brought worse. And then they put curry sauce with Anna when they part of the salt. And they get very insulted if you tell me, what the fuck is that. No, I have brought worse. Just a curry worse. So what you do is you say curry worst without the curry. Curry worst with mustard. Yeah. So the curry. Because I hate curry. Oh. And a little red cabbage. She's not bad. Yeah. They'll keep you regular. Yes. The food they're actually going. That's what I'm saying. It's just amazing to me that Germany and Netherlands are, like, side by each, they're right next to each other. And Germany's got such tremendous food. And well, I mean, the food in Holland is just the worst. I've ever had in my life. The world's worst horrible. You have to really search to find an edible meal. I'm not just talking about good. I'm talking about edible. Even Mickey D's looks good. Even with the rat run around and they're under the fire. Deep fried. Oh, god. Yeah. There's the same rat. It's like a pet, I think. On the damrack, he runs around under the deep fried. Just to make you feel at home, I guess. And then right next to that is Kyrflu Chicken. That's great the way that American enterprises poison in the whole world. It's good. Where do we kill everybody? This is kind of a silent warfare. It may take a while. We're going to eliminate them by attrition for lack of nutrition. Yeah. I'm going to tell you this new guy. Man, he came in here on Friday. And he's buried himself with me. He's very loud and very full of crap. You know, I guarantee you, Troy, Stratford, look me right in the eye. He told me, yeah. Yeah. He told you the same crap that he tells everybody. Okay. And you're buying it. That's the sad part. Chris. Well, all you guys, because you're there and I'm not. Thank God. The sun is shining here. It's in the 50s every day. It's like spring for real now. It's beautiful. But you're there. And all of this Joel Bell is new regime. Everybody's going to be a son. It's going to be so great. These people are like, Chulus and clulus, man. They're like a homeless. They're chulus and clulus. I just don't have a same thing like it. Not that I carry you understand. Just passing it along. The audience likes it. Just unbelievable. Got called me yesterday said I won a gas in a contest. Where did I find a radio station? It said just come to the corner of Iv's Daryan 441. And look for the building where they're waving the white flags of surrender out the window. That's us. Our windows don't open. Well, maybe they do now. Maybe some people have punched them holes in a wall. I don't want to say names, Greg. But you know how that goes. Oh, I forgot about that. No, you didn't. Well, you're reminded me. Just subliving it. It was in the back of your mind. And I'm saying him in a while. You and I were like 50, 50 were both the partly. Oh, yeah. I guess he was wandering around there last week. Oh, I had an A. Oh, I wasn't here. I guess when he was here. Ah, aren't you lucky? One more good reason not to be there. When Greg read where his ugly rear head. There's Lou Dobbs again. I see him in screaming hysterically about illegal aliens. I think he liked to kill him all the way he likes to do. Let's make him the border guard. Creepers for that. Yeah. Green for ought to be in fact. He's someone ought to be deported. He's living proof for the anti-immigration thing. He's proof of it. Where is creeper from? Hunger. He's from here. Hunger. Hunger is not a foreign country. He asked. No, it's a foreign planet. Hunger lives in this building. He's out of this world. I'd say I have to people in this building or from hunger. Yeah, I know that. And most of those are in the sales department. They should have a reunion every day. I want Tommy to go back there and fart in their face in the sales department. I would please me. It would make my day for me. Even if I have a losing day at wood by an hour. I'm going to win some big cash today. I'm not gambling today. And then I refalves this weekend, man. I'm in Vegas this weekend. You're also going to be punching our brains out this week. Yes, I will. I'll turn it next time you get anywhere up near here. You really ought to check out the falls we've seen on Niagara Falls. I guarantee you like it. Okay. They got a big sports book. They got all the full casino. Excellent. Restoring. They got a restaurant called amazingly. The famous. Not nothing to do with the one from there. Yeah. But it's a kind of like an old-style deli. And they got great meat loaf and fantastic. So we're by all really good place. The list is like mushroom barley soup. Got a whole bunch of great restaurants in that joint. Nice big buffet. Yes. What's not to like? And they treat you great. You know, like in Vegas. They treat you like they want you to. Not that they want you to like. They used to treat you in Vegas. Right. They treat you like they really want you to be there as opposed to like in wood by a word. They're just giving your money. Just giving your money will let you in because you don't smell as bad as the other people. Oh brother. I really ought to write a book. Not about that place. They're about wood by it. Oh my god. Oh, I've been to wood by it. Not to the casino. Not to the casino. Just the way they don't have a little casino so far. They still only have the slots. They have a freeer scuff there a few years ago. Yeah. Oh, it's a beautiful track tonight. Nice facility. To go close to the airport. That's true. It is. Yep. It was good right after the telecast. Boom. Out of there. What does that mean? When you finish working, you like to get home. Oh, I see. Kind of a shot of Toronto, huh? I got news for you. I was last week. I was a little teachy to be going to Kentucky. Lawrence. I'll tell you a new salesman you'll give you a whole song. It's about Kentucky and North Carolina and all them places. We'll be draw y'all. What's that? Look at my eyes and told him. Me, but sure it him. Well, guess what? What tries to happen for a total last week. Chris was another pile of crap. Would your rhymes with eyes call lie? Okay. Another lie. Oh, brother. Where do they find these people? Man, it's just, it's unbelievable. It's the clamp at the nation. Oh, my clamp at nation. That's very good. I like that. You heard of the Patriots Nation and Leafs Nation and Dolph at Nation. And I think it's very clever of you to come up with that. What? Clamp at nation. What do you mean? You just said it. You just said it. No. Clamp at nation. Yeah. I'll take the blame for it. Clamp at nation. Y'all come back now. Here. You can have that one. They just bought that station Vegas. They got four stations out there. That's like we got some kind of punishment. The rampant smooth west too. Yeah, good. Go west soon. Take Joyce with you. Tired of the ass end of a damn convoy. Well, Vegas today Beverly Hills tomorrow. Tired of a truck. And dragged her ass out there. Stick her ass on the back of a flatbed truck. Hall it up to a Vegas. Just the ass, which is most of her. She's a little person. See, just every end you're also the guy to tell me, oh, there's new sales manager. This guy's really all. He is great. Did you tell me that? Yeah, I like him. Oh, stiffy junior. Stiffy with a draw. My god. See, what are we got? We got the volume in the 1250 today. Yeah, what are you complaining about? You've got to work on half and you're absolutely. So in that hour, we're ordinarily you'd have three breaks because, you know, you're going to be one short. Yeah, at least we are. We do four breaks. So there's two breaks. There could be a third one, but there just isn't any. So I'm assuming there aren't any spots. There's probably just another oversight by somebody who's leaving for the empty time in a row. They're just, they're oblivious, man. Most people would would give, and then give their left arm to have the kind of money in sitting in a tax exempt, say, a count in a bank that slips through the hands of these people in a year. You know what I'm saying? This money that falls through the cracks. Blackcomb. Yeah, that crack too. Well, listen, have a great day. You. I know I am. You're amazing. If you, if you, if you could see a photo of how fast I'll be out the door of 1250 by 1245, I'm not only be, we fully dressed, but I'll have on my coat. I got my whole kit. My wood bind kit with my money with my pills and one pocket. I got, I got my roll leads and another pocket, you know, that I've popped one every couple hours from the adiats, so it is gives me an auditor. You, I've got my kit already to go. Just see the steam coming out of your heels as you take off. You bet. Yeah, that's a bad idea. Like a rocket ship. See it. Have a great day. You too. You'll do this forever. Great. Thank you. All organs are those of the host, guests, and callers, and do not reflect those of the busy, dry test group. It's just advertisers for agencies. It's for free. Look out for the free donation, baby. You're a, my cat. For the mother. Oh, my God. For the mother. Oh, my God. The Rogers, God. The Rogers, God. Get to just get back to date. That's your CEO who used to play. Like nobody else, not in any way. But man, there's still things Jerry Jones is crazy. Before he's a back to cloud, the boy's going down. You know that jerk who used to dance a lot. Every time he got the ends over the sudden he and his socks. Man, he thought he was cool, but he was really not. What a joke that's several moments. And that time at the cowboy's place. Went to your dance. Someone low, though, wanted to scream. Man, I'm a grand, over in Gatton, in space. And now he thinks they won't forget it. Before he's a back to cloud, the boy's going down. I said, before he's a back to cloud. There's noise and down the town. That's what he knows and hangin' proud. There's a ego is renowned. Before he's a back to cloud, the boy's put going down. I've heard of that character's boy. And I'm talking about how long I've been in here. So, George, is about 8.26 this morning last time I checked? Well, apparently he just got a phone call saying that we need to get this stuff in. Oh, this one. But I won't be emailing. It'll be faxing. He'll be faxing. He'll be faxing. Yeah, I'm only doing this next time coming break. Because this is the important part. That's right. It's all that matters. Make no mistake about it. Oh, man, are they at top of it or what? If the audience only knew if he had any, you think I'm exaggerating. And that needle he really likes to. I rip it up. Yeah, I just make it up as I go along. Not. Clamp it. Nation. That is a great, the Humper came up with it. I mean, I did. He didn't want to take the blame for it. The credit. Clamp it. Nation. Welcome to it. Yeah, the day. 1014 already. But we better get hustlin' right. Because we got a short, superior to time. Yeah, he got his Jeff Merrick says on Leaf Stevie. We better get the hustlin'. I got news for it. You have nobody's picking your answer. According to a recent survey, I'm still hearing that echo. Now, there are coes, and see you. But whatever, well, now what is that? How come you can't have that in that position? I'm going to point it to him again slowly this turn though. All right. I'm going to explain again to you slowly. Okay. Yeah. We have your return feed for you to hear Hank. When you talk to him? Yes. Otherwise you won't be able to hear him. Right. And what we would do in this for a long time now. What we're at our way to talk to him, hence that has to be on. So that's why you hear your old ear. But let me say the right there. I just didn't do it for over a year. And it's only the last two weeks we've been having an echo problem. Okay. Like I said, I think we should be so unique. We don't have any different here. What do anything different here, has it? Somebody needs an echo card. Maybe there's something different in there. That's a very likely Robert. Maybe some jackasses doing something different in there. And that's studio. And that big touch studio is supposed to our little crappy one. We're nothing works. According to a recent survey, Americans keep their mattresses for 10.2 years. That's like keeping a car for 100,000 miles. Forget about that. If your mattress is 5 to 10 years old, it's probably not performing like it. You do, it's like you're not. You need to call 1 800 mattress number for our friends at dial to mattress rank number 1 for customer satisfaction. No risk, you do because order of mattress from the airs for better consultants at dial to mattress and try it out. You don't like it. Just call it back at 1 800 mattress. They'll replace it until you're totally satisfied. Literally and physically. Once you buy from 1 800 mattress, you'll never go back to a showroom again. It's so easy. Just make that one call 1 800 mattress. Pick out the two R window that's convenient for you. Like noon to two, 10 to noon. 11 to one. They show up on time. Take away the crappy old soil vetting. You run away to a great night sleep for a long time to come. When you call dial to mattress like I always do, you get no nonsense. No run around. No showroom shenanigans or rip-offs. Just unbeatable factory-direct prices on the best range. You know trust and love like ceiling and surdic. Simmons and King Quill. Temper-pete concerns of an end of foster. And now dial to mattress offers you no payments or interest for 12 long, excruciating months. So call them right now. You can be sleeper like a baby tonight. 1 800 mattress. Call them now or log out of their website. Macris.com for a great night sleep. 1 800 MATT RES. Leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes. This is New Rogers. This is 5.16. 8. It's people are I soul. This is an ABC news special report. I'm sorry the White House today. A robot was used to investigate a suspicious packet. And authority skipped all the White House personnel inside the press briefing room. It's a president. What was in the packet? It is my second angle. He's getting dangerous. It was your booze. Where does the master's trust come from? Apparently the packet. It's not dangerous. But the recipient is dangerous. It's 10. 10. 20 if you weigh him. What's that line up look like today? Although you have to marlins on deck in 1250. Wow. The pregame showed the marlins in the mess in Jupiter. How about those pantheres? They're all 6 in the row. Maybe they went there hanging on. They're only 6 points out of a playoff spot. Any interest? No. Mad Dog follows the baseball game. Letting Martest 7 or clock proving that we are waving a white flag of surrender. And then Curtis and Goldfingers were ready to cave his on vacation 10 o'clock tonight. Got that? White House Chief of Staff Andy Card as resigned. Be replaced by budget director Josh Bolton. President Bush announced the shake up during a meeting with reporters this morning. And now of course there he is again after the cabinet meeting. There need to assume that. But it would be a bit about one more time. One more time. They shoveled the deck in Andy Card fell out. Well, by by Andy. Another pasty faced boy. Let's see. Here's the pull resuffer from yesterday who was the greatest baseball player of all time. 1433 vote. Baby Ruth. 282 for Bay Ruth. George Herman Ruth. 282 votes. Wins hands down. I hate baseball 238. Well, too bad. Will he may have won 170 at a distance second. My more than 100 votes. I hate this full 139. 10 Williams 113. Hank Aaron hammer and Hank had 102. Mickey Manel 80. P. Rose 71. Barry bonds 56 kind of like Q 56. Not all like Ray Josh. Whatever. But he adds out Jody. Jotten Joe. Joe to measure at 51. Robert or Clement A 42 tie com 32. Lou Geary 31. Cal Ripcon Junior 8. Stan UCL 6. And only banks solamente quadr. Had only four. Let's play four. Yeah, let's. I think the Marlins ought to play four today. Started about 10 30. And that's how good of you. Yeah. I think we can add one of the eight or nine minutes and probably get in more so this spots we got left from today too. I'll tell you that new sales guy. He is just the best, you know. Y'all come back now Chris. He's good. Don't don't have him coming to any more because I don't want any more depressing stories. You know, on these guys blue sky. Just it's depressing because each one of them is less cool is more cool. Listen, the predecessor. I say let's bring back screw. He's done look pretty good. Now you got to admit that all depends on where you're looking. Now I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about in terms of her job performance. She started look pretty damn good old screw in. 892 votes on today's pool. What all time athlete do you just like the most? Bad like that. And just like I predicted. You know, I got to be honest with the judge. I'm really shocked that Barry Bonz is doing all that well. A very respectable second. They hate him man. They do. They hate him like poison. And of course he created the, you know, he made it himself. He's the guy that created that image. Not a terrible attitude. Probably got a crazy attitude. That told me he's not a good ball player, but he's just got a horrible attitude. And he's rotten with the press and rotten with the fans is the rotten of the core. Maybe he's been shwering too much of that cream. That'll make you a thing rotten. But all time athlete you dislike the most. Oh, Jay of course 350. Nobody can touch. Oh, Jay, but believe me. A lot of people would like to, especially the brown family. And what's your name? What's the cool sisters name? Denise Denise. Remember that song? Oh Denise by Randy and the rainbows? Yes. It's a 3, 3, 16. Very bonds 1, 28 or very strong second. But after that, not even close. I hate sports 58. Kobe Ryan 45. I hate this pool of 45. How about I hate Kobe? My Tyson 42. Terrell Owens only 37. Small Taters man. Even though that was pretty good bit. Pete Rose. Look at him. Pete he's got $300 bills. They're all stacked up on the table right there. Pomp and O Park. And he's been losing all by the second race. Jose can take out 28. John Rocker 24. Tony Harding 20. I'm surprised that the August because I played that bit. Drop back a lot of memories all bad. Kurt Bush 15. I see I thought I knew something about sports. I don't even know who to help Kurt Bush is. See a race car guy? Yeah. I think he drives the next car. NASCAR guy. And that's big that NASCAR stuff because there's a lot of radenix. And people with a mind like radenix. Ryan talks for a team. He's right on Kurt Bush's ass. And it felt like we knew about it. We were escandalists. OK. Kurt Schilling 13. Ron Artes 12. Mark McGuire 11. Kurt Warner 11. Born again. Kurt. Roger Clemens 9. Peyton Manning. Sandy Peyton Manning. Six. Todd Vartuzzi. Kishon Johnson's got six. Ray Lewis 5. AJ. How do you say that? I don't think that was Kurt. And it's definitely. I didn't spell it that way. I spelled it. Maybe it was bad handwriting. Because let me look at high. There's a scene. Kurt Schilling also all all send that to Eric. Oh, we know. I don't care about spelling for Kurt Schilling. They know who that is. I just need a big cross. Uh, not because it was bad. I might my bad. Now I spelled it wrong. I copied it down. I'm looking at my writing. I don't blame Eric. That was my bad. AJ Presinsky. Who is he again? He's a catcher. Oh, well, that's what we hear. That's what we heard about. What's his name, too, from the mess. Mike. What's his name? Piazza. Piazza. AJ Presinsky 4. Ricky Williams 4. Wayne Grisky. Needle Lowes got 4. Phil Nicholson 3. Please get a little drink in problem. Just like your president. Yeah. Michael Irvin 2. Tydome 2. Raphael Palmer O2. Raffy. Here's Raffy. And ladies and gentlemen, if you find a guy at one of the first nine fifteen, we'll get to a thousand. Maybe close to him by the end of this hour. And you want to know why? Because it's got to do with hate. Like that. Man, always if you want to get a good response on a pool in South Florida, take a hate pool. Because there's it's a like a limit limitless well. That's right. There's no bottom to it. This is the bottomless pit of the car. Carpenters got no bottom or top. Fairfax County Virginia's taking part in unusual White House drugs study. Now this is a word of warning, okay? For all you rips. Oh, they're because who knows if it's going to be coming to buy you pretty soon. Waste water from communities throughout the Potomac River based is being tested for the urinary byproducts of cocaine. So if I was you guys all you co-cats out there, I'd like to go pee in the backyard. Right. Apparently they're able to ask your 10 how many people may be using elicit drugs in this cake cocaine. What's up? Studies, vortists, advice, retirement, jury, kindly tells WTOP radio. Earlier this month County workers collected five days worth of water samples at the pollution control plant in the lorton. The samples were sent to a relive in Rockville, Maryland to be in life for traces of the mean urinary byproduct of cocaine. It does indicate that we have an unusual program in Fairfax County, Connlicis. I'll be interested in the results. It's kind of unusual study and unusual request. See, they're even tested in your water now to find out if your this government is like there in your mail, there in your email, there on your phone tap and the phone. It was very checking out what you're checking out. Obviously we're prepared to cooperate with any endeavor to try to make sure that you submitted drugs is the scourge of our community. He said, line house officials believe the wastewater testing within with tons of we had white water now with us when we got wastewater. They believe the wastewater testing believed to be more accurate index of how many people used drugs and traditional survey research. If they would just check the water at Murray and Barry's house, I said, they're really good. Oh, you think? No doubt. That neck of the woods. 1027, I'd rather you feel we're going to talk real fast today because we got a big morning game in 1252 days. It's got to be happy to hear what we're doing. This is 516, 2A, and all. First, we introduce you to the new July fusion pressure caus irritation. But the fusion at five blades space closer together for less irritation than more comfort than now. To let bring you the all new 25 blade fusion towering stream plus plus, throw out that old 5 blade fusion and your own lure. That 5 blade shaving technology was so one month ago step into the future with the new 25 blade fusion powering stream plus plus. I know what you think of it. Does it really make a difference? Just listen to these satisfying guinea pigs. The worst thing I've ever had. The only palm waves I caught off my wrist. The only problem is I cut off my lips. But feel my face. Oh, I'm real. I'm so real. No, I'm not sure what you said. Oh, yeah, yeah. When you feel this razor across your skin, you'll know something different. You'll have no choice. It all happens with three easy steps. Apply the fusion hydrogeal. Then she would deploy five blade fusion powering stream plus plus. Then start the bleeding run to the nearest blood bank for emergency transmission. Hey, sir, we'd like to try the new 25 blade fusion powering stream plus plus. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to share. All right, here you go. Oh, there's less please. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, let's try the other side. Oh, yeah. You're just saying. The new 25 blade fusion powering stream plus plus. Available with CDF, ready to win right on the whole team. Okay, Josh, we've saved it at new style. He's got that one and with the 85 blades of doubles as a vibrator. Fusion. Right. A lot of fusion. It should see the handle. 1034, can you handle it? That's a question. 264 level at 560 WQA, more. It's just everything is a. You thought Humpty Dumpty had done a good job. Oh, this is called micro crashing. You know, one thing to break that egg in 100 pieces. They're taking each piece and breaking that into 1000 each each single piece. Here's our first call. I have time for many QA and hello. Hey, me, officer. What we ought to do is put that punk elder tiger with up there because I can't stand that punk. Punk. Okay. Put him on your tiger words. I don't like him either. Oh, he's not going to need a lot of votes. You think? No. He might. I don't know. I don't pay attention to golf, but I just something about him that rubs me the wrong way. I don't know. He just boring. I think that's the problem, which it's not his fault, but to me he's very boring. Any boring, Josh? Yeah, I got the two. Please go. I mean, how can the golf are being exciting? But he just, I don't know. Can't complain about his personality. He ain't got one. That would be my take on him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Let's take a real quick rush or call here. Okay. I think that was it. And pound five, 60 in the Verizon, Seek in the wireless line. Because I got a really big pile here. We only got till 12, 50. We only got a couple hours left and then get to the spots in there. How are we going to get all in spots in at last hour? You know, what I said to Hank is true. And the same. Remember I said to the IOD. And we're saying the same thing. The amount of money that falls through the cracks. Most of the people in the audience right now would give their left arm and half of their right one. Just to have that amount of money sitting in a bank somewhere, even without any interest. Yeah. The amount of money that just falls through the cracks because of sloppiness and an attitude and the indifference. You know, nice job by the way, back there. Troy, you are doing it. W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Yeah, I don't get any. He's staying steady. He's going to see you. W to Q a M. Hello. Yeah. I'm a long, long, long happy birthday. Okay. Well, good luck to you by. Okay. Good luck to you by. Ha ha ha ha ha. W to Q a M. Hello. How long got? Okay. Good. Go back to sleep. W to Q a M. Hello. Hey, good morning. Good morning. When is this? My thoughts towards just following us today was quite funny. With the bathroom with the bathroom and then you're I have a little funny story to tell you. I take off the cons and entertain. And occasionally I get back up to life two days or so. And by the time that comes out. Okay, we don't want to hear about it coming out. Okay. Now you say coming out just has a different kind of take usually. Yeah. Like Tom Bruce and Roger Old coming out of the closet. That's the kind of coming out we can discuss. But not that coming out that you're getting into or getting out of. Well, how do you look at it? Wow. WWE QAM Hello. BM line. No, not. Well, move. Pablo, Pablo get it right. Will you please Jesus? Christ. WWE QAM. Hello. Are you going to get a my state page? Don't want you to be my my state friend. WWE M. Hello. Well, I listen to you. I get very stiff. Line 9. Josh Cortis line. Hello. Not the original, but not and not really very good with us. Not bad. That one to bad. Good effort. It had its moment. US Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia startled reporters in Boston just minutes after attending a mass Sunday by flipping a middle finger to his critics. This is the whole year the now Antonin Scalia. All of he does go duck hunting with a vice president. A Boston hair reporter asked a 70 year old conservative Roman Catholic he faces much questioning over impartiality when it comes to issues separating church and state. You know what I say to those people, scaly or apply making me up seeing gesture and explaining that's to Sidion. I didn't know that. Did you know that's not the assistant in salute was with the, you know, maybe he was doing this story in one hour. He was given the one finger salute. Okay. That's one of your head. Where the high court was caught making the gesture by a photographer. Or maybe that's right. I don't know. Let's start a middle finger to his eyes. Well, then that's not to say it. Probably in the day. Mr. Baffer photographer with a pilot the arts dicey's of Boston's newspaper. Oh, yeah, I'm sure we'll see that real soon. Don't publish that. It's clearly a total photographer. I'm sure they'll go right along with that. It was attending a special mass Dolores and politicians and to cathedral of the Holy Cross after we were he was the keynote speaker at the Catholic Forest Gilw lesson. After they had the special mass Dolores and politicians, they had the special mass for the Mafiosi speaking of Sicilian salute. The Sicilian message. Yeah. Oh my god. 21 till 11 at 560 WC, we're going to talk real fast today. We're going to get a whole power pack pressure packed show in here. They come hell or how water because we got that Marlon game. How about those pantheries? Oh, man, interest in their hike always says, oh, they're cooked up about the heat. I think Josh would agree with me. And well, even if you don't agree, because I've ever around too long, even when there was no heat, even when nobody gave a crap about the heat, even when a heat absolutely sunk the interest in the panthers on a scale of zero is minus infinity. So they could be like every game to raise the season. They could go ahead and of course, if they get to play off an uncontrollable way, then you'll see then just like that one magical year, we loved a panther. That's how we have to bring Joel in back to town from Tennessee and she'll be singing and they'll be a winging and all boy. That bad wagon will be like not getting each other off. They'll be jumping on there so fast, just like the old Mary go around. You've seen Mary go around. Yeah, that's what I bet you did. We got 955 on that pool already. In fact, look at us, 963, holy rat man, Molly, 963. It's not even love at a clock yet. See, so the audience is also accelerating their response because they know they were going to be hurry today. Just like Troy Stratford ought to be to be hurry to hit that door and don't come back in, but he is just, you know, something I think what we all ought to do, everybody on the station, let's give him all of our spots. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I got what right here. That's so bad. That's so bad. That's so bad. That's so bad. That's so bad. That's so bad. By the end of April, we won't have to worry about all these commercial interruptions in our shows, you know, because it won't be any. 20 to 11 a few a.m. being outdoors a lot in South Florida. You really need comfortable shoes to do all that slept and shopping and running around. So the only place to go is brandy shoes in Pomp and O Beach. Brandy's carries major brands like floor shine echo. The fist door rock poured harsh puppies, new balance in terms of other name brand shoes and all sizes for men and women and they're even carrying wide widths and hard to find sizes for you too. Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida. And when you see the selection venue you find a brandy's to understand why I've been telling you for years how great they are because they are. Go see our good friend Arnie. He'll make sure you get to write fitting shoes for your fit every time at a price that's unbeatable too. Brandy's is like those department stores where you're waiting, wait and wait to get waited on. And then they tell you, oh, you like that style? I guess what? We don't have it in your size. Sorry. The only thing they do with brandy's is sell shoes. So you don't have to worry about size, select your service because you won't think about it. Brandy shoes. There were 12.90 North federal highway in Palpatore, B.Sweet between Atlantic and Copens on the East side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday, Toliana, every Sunday till 5 in this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's. All great women styles 10 bucks off. So be sure to give them a brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online. Send their right on your Fed and ask by logon on to brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Two fake short gazzams. I fake four pull. Together I hear sweet listening and I like your soul. I like the slow-eyed weeks time I sing. I like the slowest and same I'm not mistaken. 1045 at 5.16.WDQM. L.V. and it's interesting with that if I'm not mistaken that that B.S.Noring dropping is for real. For real. He fell asleep on the air and which is easy to do when you talk in sports. A 1046-14 before 11 o'clock talk a lot faster. We got the Marlin game in less than two hours and a while. Four minutes. Nothing work counting. Holy crap. So guess what I did during that break. Not a doose. No. Nothing like that. Oh, not yet. Right there in the chair. Order the case of that pasta. Oh, right. I get you. Green George got on there and the order of the greenfields pasta. Believe you me you'll love it. It tastes exactly like great like good quality regular pasta. That's all I need to know. And you know just don't grow crazy. I mean, I'll own your case. You don't have to worry right now about carbs stuff like that. But that's good for you. Yeah. Yeah. Got a issue. No. Do you have an issue? One part of you. Yeah. A new study from Jacob's media asked over 25,000 respondents from over 75 rock format and radio stations about the response to Howard Stern's jump to serious. And they said, are you cereal? The results show that Stern's move, windman. Oh no. No, no. They don't want to be like a ribbon. It's not that my nose won't try to read. That's somebody by'd say. It is. You think it might be okay, but it's not. The results show that Stern's move has indeed helped the sat-cast or mattress or pasties and scraper weight of XM among rock fans. However, roughly 70 percent of Stern's radio listeners say they have not followed him and stuck with commercial radio morning shows. The study shows that the popularity of serious and XM basically are dead even each with 6 percent. Of those who say they're likely to subscribe this year, serious does rank ahead of XM. Although XM's got 80 billion channels on aero, nose picking channels. Unsurprisingly, Stern is the key factor in serious subscriptions to say that a set of biothera respondents, however, the study also shows that Stern fans who plan on switching to serious most of them already have done so. Most of his fans surveyed who were following him to serious have already signed up with a smaller percent saying they'll buy serious data in the year. Looking just at markets where Stern was on the air in 2005, off fifth of those surveyed who considered themselves regular listeners to ensure already subscribed to serious was one in 10 indicating they plan to do so. According to a Jacob study, this is a strong indicator that for commercial radio broadcasters in former Stern markets, the worst is over. However, the majority of Stern's former irregular listeners have just stayed with the rest of your radio morning shows in their market. So once the ratings come out, many morning shows show respect growth in their audience faces in Stern's absence. On average, the infections to serious were no greater among listeners of former Stern stations. However, some former Stern stations were able to retain a much higher percentage of his audience for his replacements and other cases of defections were quite higher than average. It's got charts and graphs and butty meat, butty boop, butty bop and this station in that market. 46% of regular Stern listeners have stayed with a station's new morning show, whatever you know they replaced him with. Three of Stern's former competitor saw the morning shows attract almost six of every 10 of his ex-law's news. According to Jacob's this good indicator, that the upcoming round of arbitrage ratings will show some very impressive growth among morning shows in recent months. So they kind of like flattened out the big semester. We're all going on a business big. See, if we have problems here at QA, it's not to go to the new with XM and serious. I said that right now. Even with that stiff competition from for wow, how can we compete with for wow? I'm saying. Right. We'll do our best. Country radio speaking over that may be ready to make nice with the DC ticks. The garage dates back to 2003. We're many country stations stop playing the pop of the trio after leasing your Natalie mains criticize President Bush ripped him a fat ass. Nice going. You go Natalie. We love the DC chicks. In fact, you're just as we love chicks with hits. Yeah. Those two. But the chicks new single not ready to make nice is now in rotation in several major markets pushing it to an pushing it to number 36 on Billboard's country sales charts after it's first so we could bear play. Other stations, however, been slower to embrace it. I think a lot of people aren't kind of a wait and see modes had weighed Jess and director billboards country charts. The next couple of weeks are going to really tell the tale. Mains told a lot of audience on the eve of the war and Iraq that the group was ashamed of the present and that he was from their former other homestay to Texas. Back in the U.S. their music was boycotted and the chicks that they received death threats leading them to install mentally techers at their shows. See, can't criticize this President you get death threats. Mains later said she regretted the phrasing of her mark or remained passionately against the war and January she told entertainment weekly magazine that she was disappointed with country music and that she's pretty much done with the genre. Well, good. About time he came into the human race, okay? Instead that nose picking country crap. God is at horrible stuff. The one thing worse than country crap is rap crap. In stores May 23rd the new album taking the long ways produced by Rick Ruben, primarily Iraq and Reproducer also crafted Johnny Cash's last albums. The record had been described as more rock or he had a featuring musicians from the Red Hot Chili peppers and Tom Petty's band, The Heartbreakers. What you've said about that gonna go out and buy all bunch of copies of that. Yeah, or Burnham or still You know, do we have I'm sure you do I could I got it here. I got like 15 different versions of it but I'm too lazy to do that. Plus it's a short show, you know, and have time for muck messing around. Vurdins of what dancing in the street marks in the Van Delas or by whichever one you got. I'm sure you got that one. There we go. Excellent. Dancing in the street that Philadelphia Eagles vinebacked Danny Jones arrested. Busted. I like that top-side legal bill. Very good. Dancing in the street you bet. At least on Miami Beach. Okay, that's it up. I would see you Martha. Jones was charged with a misdemeanor or failure to obey a lawful command after he allegedly refused to stop dancing outside the South Miami Beach show South Beach Club, or at least on the Aquarium Miami Beach Poeys. He refused several orders to get out of the street and he was arrested. Said police spokesman Bobby Hernandez yesterday and I identified woman Jones was dancing with and several other people did get out of the street and then they said police were responding to a call after traffic was blocked in 251 the morning outside the snatch rock and roll bar in line. Don't really sure if we can even say that. Jones 28 what? That's a little bit. That was far in line. Jones 28. It sounded after David promising to appear in court for a name and it wasn't immediately clear yesterday when that would happen or whether Jones lives in York and Hyderloya. The 6124 pound Jones has played the last two scenes with the Philadelphia Eagles he played in 16 games last season recording 70 tackles in one under a section originally drafted out of Michigan by the giants who played for a season. See that explains that he's from Michigan. That's why he just don't obey the law and he's just out there dancing in the street. Listen, kind of a check-ass. Danny. First of all, Danny. It's DHA and I. I hope I'm pronouncing that. Correct. Am I, Josh? I believe it's Danny or you know either way. It doesn't matter. Donner and Blitzon. Are you starting up with at the Sandy Club stuff again? Yeah. That's Danny. Donny Jones. I believe so. DHA and I. Danny. Donny. No matter how you spell it, it would have to be some other way. So anyway, there we go. No matter how you spell it still. Dancing in the street with Martha and Van Nell's. What's the biggest sentence about dancing in the street anyway, right? Right. Here's to be their worst problem. Anyway, here's the appell results so far. What all time athlete you dislike the most? I think that guy voted for Tiger Woods or he's got two already. I would vote for him too. I don't dislike him. He just annoying. Three already. Thousand eight votes. What did I tell you? It's not even like an o'clock yet. The audience is on a list man. They realize that this is the weekend we said our clock's ahead. Center in the night Sunday morning at 2am. Center head now or three or four hours if you like. OJ Simpson 348 man a hating like poison. They would like to do bodily harm to OJ and boy at your outside of play. Yeah, you go guys. Kick his ass. Slice in their ribbons. Very bonds 149. I see that's where I think there's a difference Josh. They hate very bonds like poison. But I think they wish him to do bodily injury to him. Yeah. But OJ. Oh yeah. In fact George would like to volunteer. If you go down there with that machete that's sitting on top of that cabinet there. Yeah. Very bonds a very strong second one 49. I hate sports 60. I hate this pool 50. Yama. Kobe brand 49. My Tyson 46. Terrell O'n's 41. Pete rose 35. John Rocker 20. I would Terrell O'n's Vricks is leg the first game with a cowboy. I hope he brings his leg. That a big mouth. Although what was the big deal with that spot? Who isn't Nicolas Sheridan was in that spot? Yep. What was the big deal with that? There was nothing. Absolutely nothing. Didn't see any boobies didn't see any ass. My god even as the told George is addressed to kill us not again with Angie Dickinson and Michael Kane. Steve King. And even though it wasn't it was a stunt double but then let's do the first half hour. It was like a porno movie. When you're right down to it. When you say they did go right down to it. They did. And so yeah. So did that guy in the cab. Was it concyclos 28. Tony Harding 21. Brian tots 19 Kurt Bush 16. He had no crisp bush until he got hurt showing 15. Ron R. Test 13. I hear as a real artist that Ron R. Test. He's an artist in a beast. Roger Clemens 12. Mark McWire 12. Who doesn't want to talk about the past? That was some performance man. You got a hand to him. And just like a politician. Performing. Kurt Warner 11. Todd Bertuzy 8. Hit him again, Todd. Stephen Smith's brains out. Sandy Peyton Manning 7. Kicheon Johnson 7. Ray Lewis 6. Ricky Williams 5. He's got just got a little substance problem. AJ Prisdenski and Matt Howeusfeld. See thank goodness we straighten that on. Nice going Eric for my bed. Wayne Gretzky for needle nose. Oh God. Why despise him. I see him and I start showing up a little in my mouth. Tiger Woods 3. Phil Nicholson 3. Raffy Palmero 3. Although Rosanna Dana she loves him. Used to anyway. Michael Irvin 2. Ty Do Me 2. And late in he was only got one. Because number one they have no idea who that is. Number two we still all look too bad. This is Neil Rogers. This is the Neil Rogers show. What a lot of solids. Is your brain. Any questions? Well he's older than 13 and all of his parts are. So my boy says you'll call it quit. He's been there for a while. All his clothes on his style. He's got gray hair on there as our bits. 16 minutes is sad. They're losing their brand out. But like all the sense it's tiny gold. Cut the sear and shot. We breathe a lot. It got so big and out of his door. ManyWHES flats WIV身 He'll die a Perssembly his style. He's got gunsnipe where these got catcha ra' He's got leaver spots in his steel through the maybe half of dry It's the flag wall! It's time to find out who that two-way is when the governor snapping Lary King's suspenders and squeezing Lary's bag. That was pretty good. Yeah, but and his bizarre Martian son, Chris Wallace, was on her two from Fox News. That was okay. Christian Convert vanishes after release. I can't imagine why you. He made a quick B line. Don't fight his head. So, oh, come on. Right, so I'm going to show him a slice of life on the Muslim side. And Afghan man would face the death penalty for converting from Islam to Christianity. Quickly vanished today. After he was released after he was released for him, prison apparently out of fear for his life with Muslim terrorists still demanding his death. They're hot on his twail. Italy's corn minister, Gian Franco Fini, said he would ask his government to grant Abdul Rothman asylum. Fini was among the first to speak out in the man's behalf. He can hide the Nicolacyum where he'll be safe. Or maybe it loos in the Bronx. I'm sure they must have a looeges in Italy somewhere. Louie, remember life in Luigi would you a curlange? No, you don't know. How much you chicken act does? Rothman 41 was out. By the way, I did a fact that thing to death. I sure hope she got that she, you know, that talent sheet. I watched some confirmation on that. I don't want to be heard in a week. Oh, well, it never went through. I know it went through. But that don't mean she got it. OK. All right. Well, well, check it triple check it quite. I don't want excuses. Come April 25. I don't want to get a check for like about 16 cent. Because that's about what it'll be. Based on the way things are going on at sales department. Oh, my gosh. $6,000. That's the way it's going to. I just cost me $6,000. Idiot. Rothman 41 was released from the high security poll and Cherski prison on the outskirts of Kabul. It yesterday at Gangesis Minister, Mohammed, Sanwar Danish told his sister, if it spreads Danish. Wow, man. You thought he'd have changed his name after those cartoons. Right. I'll let him this. Released in last night because the prosecutors told us to. We said his family was there when it was freed. I'm nowhere he was taken. Somewhere we'll be safe. Far away. The attorney general Mohammed Ishok Aloko said the prize. There anybody over there not name Mohammed. Anybody. No. Said prosecutors had issued a letter calling for Rothman's release because he was mentally unfit to stand trial. He also stated that there were Rothman had gone after being released. But they'd feel like to find him for a little chat. He said Rothman maybe sent overseas for medical treatment. On Monday, hundreds of clerics, students and others, chanting, death to Christians, march through the northern afghan city of Maza, A. Cheriift protest to court to sit and study to dismiss the case. Reveal Muslim terrorist retina with Syracan's to kill Rothman if he's freed. Saying that he is thoroughly guilty of apostasy and deserves to die. Several Muslim clerics, keeping that in mind. Abdul Rothman must be killed Islam demands it said senior cleric, Fais Muhammad. There's another one from the nearby northern city of Konduz. The Christian fortars occupying Afghanistan are attacking our religion. Oh, it's the religionist again. They're all killing each other. How unusual. How unique. Rothman was arrested last month after police discovered him with a Bible, a Christian Bible, no less than he trusted his feud over two daughters. It was put on trialized for converting 16 years ago. I thought it was 14 years ago. Well, a long time ago, while he was a medical aid worker for an international Christian group of Afghan refugees in Pakistan, that'll treat you to a guy who stayed in hell out of there for Christ's sakes. He faced the death, probably on the Afghanistan's Islamic laws. The case set off an outcry in the US and other nations that helped outst the hardline Taliban in late 2001 and provided military support for Afghan prison at Karzai. He was probably still on the border for Unicale. President Bush others had insisted Afghanistan protect personal beliefs. UN spokesman Edwin Edwards had rockmen danced for a sign on outside Afghanistan. Feaning the attack in former ministries also deputy premier will seek permission to grab rockmen to sign on at a cabin and meeting tomorrow. Feaning early, a express at least indignation over the case, even though Pope appeal to Karzai protect the Rothman. Right? Protect the Rothman, baby, that's where it's at. The Rothman, they didn't respond to the Pope's. You know, a request. Nine as usual, no, no, no, no, be a pay the intention. Her silly old man would address. Would you pay attention with silly old man would address with a hat like that? Or you left your ass on. Yeah, I'd pay a lot of attention though. You sure as I wouldn't kiss his ring, I guarantee you that. I'm not unless you want to catch something. 146 votes for this is amazing, isn't it? It's not like we had the well, we had a pretty good start because I put it on around six last night, but not an out of human, you start. This is very impressive, yes. We almost makes you want to think that we got somebody out there. Almost. Almost. Almost. Oh, God, if we can only turn back the hands of time, what all time, Ashley, do dislike the most OJ 360, they want to get your ass OJ down or in Kendall. They want to put you on a roof and turn give you an airplane spin. Very bonds, 158, I hate sports, 62, I hate this pool, 53. My Tyson 49, could be grind 49, same guy. Terrell, oh, it's 43. Pete rose 36, John Rocker, 28. We don't hear about him, no, mole. They see him pitching a minor league ball to me, no, Josh. No, he's done. He's done. And in fact, maybe he's just going round around on the subway with all those infected Haitians. Jose Conceco 28, Tony Harding 23, Brian Cox 19, Kurt Bush 17, Chris Bush don't have any. Kurt Schilling 15, Ron R. Test 13, Roger Clemens, it doesn't. Mark McWyer, a dirty dozen. Kurt Warner 11, on say, Todd Rotuzie eight, lack of again, Todd Real Hard, right there on the side of the hand. Kicheon Johnson, eight, Peyton Manning, seven, Ray Lewis six, or that Peyton Manning, she's really something. Ricky Williams five, AJ Presinsky four, who is it again? Adoro Launlan, no. Wayne Gretzky four, Tiger Woods three, Phil Mikkelson three, C. To golfers, they can only get three. Racky L. Palmer, probably R.O. three, lied. Layton, who it's got a pair now? Hmm, McLean, two and tie dummies got two. How about those Panthers? Any interest? No. A little bit teeny tiny bit, no. They done again, it only joking. Oh, here's next week's schedule. Let's take a look. No wait a minute, no wait a minute. This is this week's schedule. Redone. Redone. Redone. Redone. Now, what about Zanol? Oh, Thursday. Oh, there is a guy. There's only. Oh, Halleluja, no, Joseph Gacky. Joseph Gacky for Saturday when everybody's busy out doing something, right? Okay. I wonder why that happened. Because Thursday we got the big, uh, Brock Salad, oh. From two to four and Maddog, for the seven. But that's right. Two to four was going to be Joe. And then Friday we got the big. Oh, oh. Thanks to Lord. It was on. I might have to like injure myself. Feel badly. When you think or until myself, I'm a sharp object. Or maybe just do it to OJ. They want your ass, OJ. Okay. If I'm going to be great to like watch him get linst right in the middle of the town square If we had a town square, maybe it's a cruel score. Mall, because this hall is up to, I said the cruel springs. Or maybe take him out to David. They sure like to do him in in David. Wouldn't it? And David wrote extension. Ooh. Yeah. Where were the armadillo used to be? Oh, yes. Ha ha ha ha. Well, everybody gets a free shot at him. And I'm in David. He shot means like that. Maybe even the 10 you could come by and participate in that party. They hate your ass OJ. They want you. D.E.A.D. D.D. Scarlet Johansson taps a lovely list of the hundred sexiest women. See, this is right on heels. And we never even put her on there on our polio today. How that's your, you guys bad. That thought she was. Get out of here. Are you crazy? Yes, I am. But I thought well, I got to pull right here. Let me take a puke at it. I think I do. I got the one from five years ago. To be, I don't have that polio no more. See, you could tell me whatever you want. Just make it up. Mm hmm. Your famous for that anyway. Yeah, yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Not me. I don't do such crap. I don't know what I, I'm, I'm, I'm, she, she was not. Or was she Josh. I think she was. Yeah. Get out of here. Scarlet's freaking, I think Engelmar Johansson was on here. I think Scarlet Johansson was on our pool. Well, I'll tell you what. See, if she was on the first one, she would've been on the second one. She was not on the first two, a lot of the first. the first two not on the first one well did you guys add her on I don't we call that brand new person sure it was early around the first time I understand that but I'm just saying I don't recall anybody adding her on here it's possible that we missed her and and well I don't know what I'm going to say very bad oversight we might have to do that over again right we should and I want to apologize personally to her make it up tour yeah but you do if you wouldn't touch you with a ten-foot pool I know but Scarlett you're a little bit of a lovely list of the hundred sixies given in the world and the four readers by f-h-m magazine f-h-m I wonder that stands for one of the best things for a woman to hear is that she's sexy the twenty-one-year-old actress star of Max pointed lost in translation said I'd like to thank f-h-m's readers for the huge compliment they are huge and here's the nice picture of Scarlett right there at the golden globes angeline jolie was number two followed by oh the way to the her this Jessica alba and Jessica Simpson who were one of the that order when our list that's right here were nightly she was never on our list Halley buries jending with carthie she knew it was not our list Maria Sharapova was not on our list Carmen lector and Terry hatcher none of them were on our list no and big deal right Carmen lector my ass so I had to make ninth and last year's list jolie was number one well she dropped down a couple lounges because now she's tainted goods is like Britain dropped way down or she's tainted oh good oh oh oh man she has just nobody wants to why I think they might you know they're close enough for like a little sniff but that's about it a long distance sniff it's remarkable how Scarlett Johansson has caught the attention of our readers had scoggrambling the magazine to us editor and chief her self-revoic and striking beauty certainly have a lot to do with that but she does hand but so does the confidence she exudes she's exuding it and extruding it she seems to be one of those women would be equally at ease on the red carpet as she would be just hanging out with the guys the magazine's nature goes on sale April 4 but her say that's when we do that in two days okay what I mean the guy who ever offered her that the don't play me for that that's not my or vex for t's I got nothing with that I'll take that one I'm I'm I'll take your portion I was just on the u.s.t a website I was check it out this 19 year old harness driver now what's his name Brandon given's on the Delaware circuit at dober downs in the Harrington Brandon is given it boy make you make some people a big fan or Doug Thompson's got a good company we got time for that we got an hour and for a 39-49 minutes and during that hour 49 minutes I'm not going to do more than hour and a half on the sales department I know the audience is tired of hearing about that you're right I'm never mentioned again till tomorrow they just they just are you know no matter how much you try to ignore it and doesn't cost any of us a dime oh well you know just the idea that it's tragic tragedy you work your ass off to the right like do something little a little something something and these people back there they were excuse makers man they glorified order takers has your a son of do my was he still alive how they do what I him and a real hero and I haven't heard a thing about you to one of them lately and I see a lot of similarities too 12 minutes passed 11 a QM we got the marlins on deck marlins and the mits 105 man lot of interest in our part 11 17 at five 60 WM happy Tuesday today we should put Randy Johnson on the poorly not okay don't you think so Josh I guess right near the news today in the last year his secret love child didn't see the strip by his secret love child I did not oh well we got that it's coming because it ain't a secret anymore Randy Johnson know what he's most he's how well to shoot she's a 16 so it's an old story but it's just just making breaking news breaking news how saying to already doing she's still an idiot yeah says one of those rhetorical questions like ourselves the problem they still incompetent yeah new sales guys still got that seven draw yeah uh-huh he looked me right now he looked me right now and said yeah like yes why to give you a pile of crap okay Chris you know he'll start to recognize the smell you know the one with the various crack awards coming from you know what's that what he said oh god Thompson writes the continued madness of King George this is capital hill blue your very favorite website you're turning you around on that with all the public fear over his use of the national security agency to spy at americans and they near mutiny in the Republican party over his high-handed approach to the presidency you think George W. Bush might have learned a thing or two about the dangers of arrogance now not our desperate and chief king w when he signed the extension of the USA patriot act in the law he added his own adent into the law that says he doesn't have to tell Congress a damn thing about what he and his term true preseructive but it comes to abusing the expanded police powers included in the bill after the public ceremony Bush is today signing statement that we had a rate of impact Bush has believed that the constitution is just a gd piece of paper a dozen feet will constrain by a law or obligated by provisions of the act that require a uniform congress and a timely manner and just what the FBI and other parts of the american gistop will are up to when it comes to snooping in the private lives of americans the executive branch of construed the provisions they call for furnishing information to entities outside the executive branch in american system of the president's constitutional authority to supervise the unitary executive branch in a withhold information from congress and of course the public Bush said Bush says he'll withhold information if he and only he decides disclosure would impair formalations national security the deliberative process of the executive or the performance of the executive's constitutional duties the president's latest display of iam above the law arrogance might have gone unnoticed because most of the media concentrate on the public pomp and circumstances that have endured the real story Charlie savage of the boston globe was one of the few reported on the signing statement yet savage history fell off the media landscape of the resounding thud as the rest of the mainstream was apparently cow-towed by bush's threat stall reporters and editors in front of grand jewellery's if they dare write about his abuse of the constitution and the use of u.s. fight in the cease to snoop on americans stuck with importing on the president's latest roadshow to sell the fielder rack war frankly on surprise that political scientists George Harley who worked in the nixon or ragan white houses i thought the story would have legs and get much more attention after all that abate in congress over the lead for the president to keep them in the loop he simply signs away one of the key provisions of the revised act revives us a peeper deck emerged from congress of the number of oversight provisions required the president to report to the hill on a strict timetable one of those provisions said the white house had to tell congress just how the fbi used the expected wiretap and surveillance powers granted under the act some in congress i said it perfectly he or pissed off his health at the president's claim that he's above the law the president signing statements are not the law and congress should not love him to be the last wordly he said misdainment issued by his orifice the president's constitutional duty is to faithfully execute the laws is written by the congress not to cherry pick the laws he decides he wants to follow it is our duty to ensure by means of congressional oversight that he does so constitutional law professor say bush could be bluffing but history shows that bush bluffs first nend goes ahead and does what he want if nobody calls the bluff they would go love a new university law professor and expert on presidential power should told a Boston globe that bush's actions display a mind bogglingly expensive conception of his power and the white houses blatant disregard for the role of congress on the one hand they did not the congress even as the authority to pass laws on these subjects like torture and he's dropping an addition to that they say congress is not even entirely information about anything to do with the war on terrorism go love said bush's actions are just another example of a madman who appears determined to destroy the constitution and a country called america unfortunately this madman will continue to wreak havoc until somebody puts a stop who is insanity says dot com stop the insanity is never what your name said so i think i don't know who was it so is it powder or so is it powder for god all about that bitch oh yeah you'll be having no she's got dreadlocks now and uh big old tattoo on her chest oh no yeah what a guy yeah holy moly look at that's all man that's that's how we didn't have spurs here a little bit we only got now and a half to go i guess we won't five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty they've arrived in singular wireless lines marlins odd deck had twelve fifty don't forget mad dog after the ball game and we'd like to forget seven ten o'clock tonight lady martes does that send you everything you need to know lady martes seven to ten while some people are still awake and then Kurdish ready to kid gold fingers ten o'clock tonight unbelievable forget these phones wow i i think to save some money for the company that's what take the phone out oh please that would be wrong something i would please you yeah you want to do that before the summer schedule starts what you been a new thing they start reading every day place music oh oh yeah right and as music here yeah music tomorrow w q a m it is q a m hello good morning new mister couple for the phone maybe i didn't hear them uh ryan boss worth not old news okay two old and okay have a tent juiced up uh psycho bill roman alky kept fitting in all the other players' faces a couple of anybody cares about him you what about speaking of spitting in faces what about Charles Berkeley a judge okay but we're not putting bill roman alky on the poll we're putting put a both on the poll i didn't say we're not okay oh you are really tested today this cuz very bonds is getting as asked what done is pulled with a hundred sixty five votes he might have been close to o j and i'm sure he doesn't want to be either all of the both california kind of guys now i mean o j don't want to be known as a buffalo guy i'm sure he'd do too many drugs in buffalo five six seven oh five sixty pound five six to leave a rising in singular wireless line double to q a m hello okay hey two to four gallian rock c ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha squeak your way through the afternoon twenty q a m hello you're twenty q a m hello not there q a m hello seventy q a m hello see now that killed a six words we're one stone right there see just you wait and wait for the appropriate moment and then your bash it smash it seventy q a m hello yes sir how are you doing it by the way that guy dancing in the streets is means the honey oh de honey that's how i don't know i would call it i'll tell you that i heard the b say this morning you don't honey it's a honey yeah oh god there's a guy there's a guy in the draft is named the brick ashore and he actually has the i know that process right i know the brick ashore they i can you can't play the uh the uh maybe he was the haunting in the street yeah he was the haunting all over the country anyway it's how come you guys have a sponsor now that of this no scoward our sponsors okay we only got about four left we'll be spent with our sponsors okay cheeses god get out of it is guys probably you're working right across the street probably a cutter spy probably working in the counter over there it's trucks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you know something i don't hear anything about across the street anymore do you anymore what i mean like about the you know a great co-tech strike who's in the month with our phony that bogus pull in the hero dinner and we took good care i wouldn't notice that if not for you but i mean did that get my facts i didn't check it and i don't don't wait because we're gonna be out of here before you can say it's good bible man we're gonna be gone i'll be out that door like a shot i'll do it all all water over there yeah don't chucked out all w q a m hello q a m yeah are you there are you there yes i'm here yeah okay just want to make sure i'm here w q a m hello hello needle yes sir yes uh about putting a mike smith old news small potatoes mike smith only the phony fan's hated him nobody nobody cares about that right drive why did the phony fan say to me it was awesome i mean they hit everybody because he struck out a few times who don't know is he made a couple of errors a third base i don't know phony fans are brutal man to worse the absolute worst that's why they call it's called the dalfa it is five they just brutal they never met a last lady no matter how good he performs it all he's gonna do is look at him cross i mean hey to him fact they make self-law to look really good i mean good contest serisota uh south Florida and fully which area is got the greatest hate funny six past eleven a q m beach for it is gone nuts it's mad this and march all this month and beach for it and of course the month is almost over still get your ass in there they just miss breaking their all time record and firmware so they're gonna break this record this month and right now extended camp for f one fifty's as low as two forty nine a month which is nine ninety five downpusties with a proof credit and a thirty nine month lease mad this in march and beach for it means you gotta be mad not to take advantage of rewaves in discounts about the ten grand on all new and used vehicles if you're not a market for new car but no somebody who is sending them into beach for because if they take delivery this month beach for will send you two hundred bucks and that money comes from their advertising budget they will absolutely not tack it on your friends price and piss him off or her or it don't miss out on this once you're a vending speed forward madness in march going on right now extended camp for a def one fifty's as low as just two forty nine a month this cuts in maybe it's about ten thousand dollars and two hundred dollars in cash just for refiring a friend hurry on in beach for it is located two miles east of the golden glades on 160 third speed and west of see how it's guaranteed you'll love your beach for it experience this is a new rodgers this is five sixty two eight the wear of exploding ball this is old J since I've been released from jail I like to keep track of my pitches so I recommend to you two old J Simpson bitch jack for women believe me brothers you won't get jack with bitch jack just a touch a small homey device the old bitches leg and you can track her all around half and just in case she didn't she'll get a pinkie you see when your woman be messing around two bitch jack for women let's out in an audible beeping sound it only you can hit and once they catch her she's all yours give me this is something we track down your old lady with a white man what shall we do with her why thank you officer our hand real it you bitch don't you know I'll track and you would bitch jack I'm a cut your throat you bitch I'm a bitch you don't remember your home won't get very far with old J Simpson's new bitch jack for women hey just because old J's free don't mean no bitches got to be free too hey love your old j man a just they got a special place in our hard for you special place in hell I'm just reaching back to get the rest of the story here and wait till you're in this all right ready for you already teased it one if it's what I think they're good to say about cash for wine but no he's dead but that's okay now who cares about him maybe he's old enough he was the secretary stays dead long time ago woman gets a hundred dollars ticket for a bumper sticker that I can't say but I can spell it on the year okay B.S. H.I.T. the niece queer is a nurse at emery university I can't say it can I know the niece queer is a nurse at emery university hospital in Georgia on March 10 she was driving home from dinner when a decal county police officer pulled her over at least initially I was just surprised because I had anything wrong she said when he approached the car he had his hand on his weapon and I was in my nurses uniform of the stuff is going to run my neck sounds like something from crash mm-hmm the ass from my license and then said any idea why stop you I said no you have a rude decal on your car he said we were said she immediately thought that one of her kids would put something nasty on her bumper is a joke then he mentioned a bush liquor she said the one that says I'm dead of all the v.u.s. h.i.t. the story first reported by Joe Johnson of the Athens banner hero that says number Joe Johnson I was talking about him just the other queer said she told the officer wasn't lured met with thoroughly a political statement when he insisted it was lured she said I'm not going to discuss this any further just give me the ticket which he did under offense it said lured decals the tickets were 100 bucks queer has no intention of paying it I'm so appalled that the officers attempt to squash my freedom of speech he told a banner held elaborate into the progressive we're says people are wrong to view this in a partisan way I'm not just it's not just a democrat republican issue he says you all need to get beyond that it's my right to speak in yours you all need to get beyond that you said y'all you jury whoever the legal director the ACLU and George is representing queer the indicators out of the officer didn't like reviews of president bush and that was the motivating factor he says whoever says the ticketing was clearly ill legal and totally unacceptable the illegal unacceptable he says the judges Supreme Court struck down the Lude bumper sticker statute way back in 1991 in a case involving an defendant who had a Schmidt happens bumper sticker this shouldn't keep happening 15 years later he says after the criminal case is over whatever says he and queer may file a civil rights claim good sooner ass billions of dollars okay bring that jackass down leave a calcati police department wouldn't discuss the facts of the case we won't don't come in other officers tickets said officer hurtful grandient who handles media affairs the officers making this decision on the streets going through legal channels now by the way this isn't the first time someone a gris family's gotten trouble over a bumper sticker last year or 20 year old son was pulled over an Athens Georgia for having a bumper sticker that said oh no I can't read that don't do it sign it out with sign well I'll try to do the best I can all right voice sucks period chainie two when you like have a good it is good and we said I can't read it I mean it's a new story I still can't read it's a little bit of a joy she says the police officer told her is done if you don't remove the bumper sticker I'm taking you to jail so he removed it he thought it was kind of funny she says though she told him she'd rather and go to jail then take her bumper sticker your has a court date of April 18 I'd like that that's a good one and little more I see we never gave the update about the good things that happened in Iraq because we're under so much stress because we got that morning game god don't you just hate when we got to get any really that a ray and crap got a Russian like dark through this thing like a bad out of hell we only got an hour and a quarter to go for Christ's sakes well here's some more of the good news from Iraq some of the good stuff that rummese girls says the media never wants to say the it's happening at least 35 abducted and bagged that in just two days kidnapped for snatched at least 35 people in the string of abductions across bagged that the past two days they occurred at two electronic stores they currency exchange and trading company as violence raids over the past 24 hours things are going just hunky door oh where far is Bob she for would say okie goki you know since that day I turned him off I don't know how long it's been we're gonna have some like that I've never turned it back on not once anyone why because I know he's still there I if they do if they do the unmentioned of a thing actually go ahead and put Katy Kirk on it I wouldn't even watch that once yeah Katy Kirk my ass that what does that tell you about the network so kid that they think she's the answer to their problems John Roberts would have been just fine there's not a damn thing wrong with it now he's sitting there on CNN with a bubble head in the morning that imbassel solely that traveling in ten vehicles mass gunman dressed like Iraqi police commanders kidnapped ten employees working at a day woo international electronics to release the bag that they who we've seen that uh-huh many police commander uniforms target another day booster and central bag that and go to the store owner to workers in other words you go out of your house in a morning if you make it to work alive you're not really sure what they're going to be alive by the end of the day or give kidnapped or all these things robbers and military study uniforms kidnapped six people from a currency company we should bag that also took several thousand dollars rather we're at it and you're like that for several thousand seven thousand dollars several thousand what are you gonna do about it you fair right refeed saline salan a worker with the side important export company avoided capture told a and p the trading firm in a rack more than 30 years not thirty men was involved with electricity projects out the bag that he said motive for the abessions wasn't known the company has no political or terrorist ties he sold a p we didn't even keep a gun also Monday gunman shot and kill a pharmacist is the left working bag that's amry a neighborhood and in the time this office of a shanton kildi stay in southwestern bag that last night the racking police found four bodies three men and a woman in western bag that all have been shot in the head and left inside of a car 14 bodies also were discovered on a highway in western bag that and a racking tear ministry officials said all were shot in the head and they'd and a rocket signed into the house yesterday last night north of bag didn't nearby loot by loud rules and wounded six people including two little children four people were wounded and put in three police when a roadside bomb had a police patrol to the north of the new rackset of kirkook and a civilian was injured when a vehicle told with explosive didn't even in north western bag that other not everything is a okay maybe it is a okay it's going good what's not to like right right on you complainers out there you win or you come on east as man get behind a present way behind him here's what's on a pool eleven hundred and forty six votes what is going on man that's what Marvin gay wanted no one at look at him I still think that uh then Harper and what's your name sir when i was ordered to do an album all the more time rates for that big library and and if you do like the Marvin gay and Tammy to rull stuff you know absolutely do you see what you say oh to move that let's say no i'm serious so they're both great i just see like you say i know you send it as to Ben Harper the CD i'm pretty sure but they suck i mean his his music is garbage he can't write but he's joking right sure can sing or see i don't know about her right and but she can tell about forty five five we love to know she did that god is one of the songs which we like to play right what if god's a more cannabis that's right what all time athlete you dislike the most and i dislike people say athlete oh god why hit that what's another word like that that people will miss pronounced oh i said Danny is instead of the honey so what do i know yeah i remember that song by Bobby Gouldsbroke honey oh honey i miss you remember that yes and the Hansen industry oj since in 1991 very bonds one sixty nine i hate the sports sixty seven oh it's Bobby Gouldsbroke music to blow your brains out by the most morbid music ever written in his history how big it's oh oh Bobby Gouldsbroke he has to make sure i'm okay it's enough about my ties in fifty seven i hate this full fifty five could be brand fifty three terraloans forty eight oh jerry jones man you talk about water seeking its own level perfect match p rose forty one jol jon rocker thirty four he's probably a little conqueror old jon rocker host a conzeko thirty three i'm surprised he didn't lot better not one he lied and then write that book and say i didn't mean it but uh you know the fact that he has brother always always in big trouble tiny harding twenty five brand past twenty one how soon they forget curt bosie teen curts chilling eighteen don't be curt with me roger clemen's thirteen run our tester teen mark my choir on lucky thirteen curt warna twelve kishan johnson uh ten five retuzy eight sandy patent man he's got seven ray louis six tigerwood five uh micro-riven five ricky wily of a five age eight prison ski foreign who the hell knows who that is rain gresky needle knows for late in the u.s got three lead four late in the alone he used to look real good not so much no more film nickel century refiel palmero three tydome two old tydome number twenty eight not so great Randy Johnson's got one sixteen year old illigen diver do that story are here i got it's coming uh Charles Berkeley andville roman asking between the two of them that we had a big debate or were we sure they both got the big oh so far not doing it six is meal run our nine minutes before the break in not that we're counting on you all in the mess they want the riddians dumb as dirt oh he's on fire right back he does fucking little festival is in shit really though we're just like any other couple the ladies talk couple in hollywood times even better than the two in the asses of rhymes with which I wydaje here her girl You'd best bring up muscle if you bang and tell me not to be Oh, Redwood's genomics house We can't turn to the curb I'm too careful now Oh, I'm too much now to be Would I turn me up or down Redwood's got the new friend It's really my thoughts and she's been out badly his call me Then only two braids has been so wide a hole in Old braids and man-made babies look so good Daddy it's like joining the two men with that's a new job And we're working I saw them to the way to come straight to the center Much like them, we have muscle over the kids And we're trying to avoid it Our kids are really trying Are you ready, kids? Yes Yeah, what if they're going to have crater phase like daddy They were a lot of makeup Looking 48, yes, that's proof right there that not everything in life is as it appears to be You know, right, which we already know that Especially here, it looks like a close-up Randy Beans Ma of Love Child Yeah, Yankee, a Sui X Gal Palover payments for girl 16 This is in the New York TV news Randy Johnson, did we put him on there or not? Yeah, we put him on there And he's got one vote, probably her Probably the daughter Randy Johnson has a secret Love Child Well, if it's good enough for Jesse Jackson, why ain't good enough for Randy, huh? And the Yankee superstar is saying hard ball with the girls Mama's revealed yesterday The flame is through and left you make 16 million a year As Sui Xero friend Laura Rosel for less than 100 grand in Trave care payments for the daughter, Heather Now 16, according to corporate papers revealed by the smoking gun website Or really revered Rosel or as the laurels mother told that he tried New Zealand's tape at all, so that sounds like Randy In fact, the original headline on this story was Big unit has a small unit Really? Yes, that's cute The striking trial at Let It Looking Teen Refuge to talk when she came to the Dora River family's home overlooking a picturesque bay in Washington state The big unit yesterday admitted fathering the child during a fair when he was a Lanky rookie with the nasty fastball on a bright future But Johnson insisted he's always tried to do right by the girl Despite his mind to speak with her mama I do it now as I have a daughter from a previous relationship Which ended years before my marriage on San Francisco in the statement I fully financially supported her and I've made every effort to protect her privacy Laura Rosel 46 is working at the Lawrence Livermore National Lab in Northern California When she started going out with Johnson a California native in late 88 She broke up with the future of super star midway through a pregnancy called a daughter And his dark little secret in interview with the smoking gun is a little dark secret Why what about that means? And I'm saying is that a lay on board. We don't have no picture Rosel said Johnson only saw the girl once and after birth and said that he never made any effort to be involved in her life Nope, not the never she told the website when asked about Johnson's relationship to the girl Court papers reveal that Johnson first agreed in 1997 to pay five grand a month in child support for head of Rosel Plus another 750 bucks in monthly day care expenses Laura Rosel� takes turns sour last year when she asked you all started by head of a car and put the bill for community college classes He fired back with a legal equivalent of a high hard fastball The man in this she returned about 71 grand in day care payments plus 26 grand interest because the team was too old to be in day care legal paper show You have something when you're 16 you go to day care do you? My daughter was 16 has been in day care for at least five years Johnson said legal affidavit file per board third Rosel� should not have received a windfall for expenses that she didn't incur you go unit Johnson on for intimidating opposing her is with his icy stare and 100 mile an hour fastball became a board again Christian in 1992 after the death of his father he married his wife Lisa soon after where the couples got four children The sometimes ordinary six foot 10 herber got off to a bad start with the New York media last year when he grappled with the photographer and TV cameraman after signing with the bombers Of servers were be fuddled at Johnson would follow lawsuit over what amounts to jump change for the millionaire All while risking all modern publicity on intensely private matter. He had an uneven season last year But is the ace of the bomber staff penciled in the start opening day. Well, he's the ace of their staff. Maybe to have a bad year with only hope and pray. Oh God The Yankees. Oh man Larry bird. Okay. Let's get him on there right away. Got a monitor yet. He's other Facts is not only is Larry bird any literate racist, but he's also a deadbie dead. He needs to be on today's pool Also, even if he wasn't a little bit or it wasn't racist, why guys who play basketball are like black Republicans, gay Republicans, female Republicans, Jewish Republicans, etc Complete any eject policy should be taken out in the shot. Wow. There's no need for them on this earth What about the y'all they are Chinese guy for the Houston? What's his name? Y'all mean young young What is it all? Y'all come back? So yeah, Larry bird. I hate him. I want to smash his face and it says I feel better not have a great effect I'm surprised. Get that out of your office. Oh, right. The idea with these polls. Baby get out of your system. Turn it loose Like what's your name used to say Sammy Smith. She's dead now, and it's so I'm helping me make it through the night turn it loose It's that kind of thing, you know turn it loose and oh, oh Jerry witchener. He's been dead a long time You know it so many dead radio people and so little time. We got almost 1200 votes. Can you believe it's 1185? That is sensational. Larry bird just went on there. He and Charles Barker will have any yet Oh, and there she has Sammy Smith. She's still fukin' out the hits. Help me make the rhythm from my head Make it through the witch me choke. I get it. Jumping checkin' in. And you do over here that show to me. You're a witchener. I never had my life. Never just snooze days. That's before your time. Oh, alright. I didn't listen to talk radio in those days or the usual. Good choice. Me either. Help me make it all aboard. That was something. He had like a one book. He had a 33 share. Jerry witchener. What does that tell you about the old farts? 560. We got a lot of pressure. We got less than an hour before that pregame. 57 minutes. Who's counting? Right? We'd be in a few of these very important calls. Although I don't want to put anymore names on this list. We got almost 1200 votes already. They didn't against me. We got more than enough idiots on there for you to hate. We don't need any more hate targets. Got one. Oh, for you. No, I'm serious. Jim Brown. White feeding girlfriend, beating even as grub. Maybe with the greatest football player to ever live. The certainly one of the top 10 Jim Brown Cleveland Browns. He's a gorgeous time. You sure he was Jim Brown, right? Or movies. What was the movie? He was in all of the disaster movies with OJ like her. About earthquake, but the Ozean? I don't know. He did a bunch. But that was right. Right. That actor and bad, bad with the women man, He'll few a women problems. Jim Brown, get him on. Great. Great football player ball time. Those were the days. Those were the days. Next to Tom Brady. You know, I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious. Can we put it up four hours a day? When Independence is. Think you have 15 minutes? Let us drive the next rating board. It's about who? Bob Luke, right. I think it's an informat. We can package it and sell it. So to teach, they'll have like 75 above loop stations on the air before you know it. The new radio format, Bob Luke, for 2006. Well, not beats the crap they're putting on here. 1156, we got mad dog after the ball game, stick around after the Amarlins and the Mets, please, because mad dog would like to have you or company, and then of course, letting our test 7 to 10, that speaks for itself. How do you like to follow that courtesy, and say, well, you will, like, old fingers, 10 on a clock to 2 ready K. For Curtis. Why didn't you give him a bow? You know, they see on the air anyway. They don't like him because he's not an old Jew. You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida, really need comfortable shoes. The only place you ought to be thinking and dragging your feet is brandy shoes in Pompano Beach. Brandy's carries major brands like Floreschine, Echo Muffisto, rockport, harsh puppies, new balance in terms of other name brand shoes in all sizes for men and women. And they even carry wild wits and hard to find sizes if you got like funky feet. Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida. And when you go there and you see the selection and vanity you get at Brandy's, you'll see what happened Raven about them for years. Go see my good friend Arnie. He'll make sure you get the right for these shoes after right price every time. Brandy's isn't like those department stores where you're wander around waiting desperately to get service. Then they tell you after all of that time, oh, you like that style. We don't have it in your size. The only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes. So they know it inside and out. You never have to worry about size, selection or service. Or price. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1290. North federal highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Coppons on the East side. You can't miss them. Brandy's open every day, seven days a week. Monday through Saturday, Toman and every Sunday till five. And this week is a stupidest time to buy naturalizers of Brandy's. All great women's styles, 10 bucks off. So be sure to get in the Brandy's, do your shoe shopping this week or do what on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Two things. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q8M. Two three three Flames. You can 옷 Toilet. Take any dance or dance. There is! The Coolу yards. You can see the front. You can see the ferocious pancule. All of our bodies have cameras. Kinda long. They don't overcook their oversized acties. No one's too crazy about the IRS man Not good, that's fair To keep in life when you think of an action Not not you have seen There are the door door that will pop in the arms The door is running into the specific camp Don't want too crazy about the IRS man Some of the hood 5, 60, 72, I'm in such short hour We got 40 minutes to go Get that timer clicking maybe Get a click and click on it Because we got the pregame show at 1250 Marlins in a massive 105 from Jupiter They're out of this world How about those pantheres? Oh, that was something I just thank you to get one call About the pants is this morning, not a one Not a one I mean I understand this real little interest But they won 6 in a row to actually got a shot at a playoff It's like a miracle I'm not the girl people would like to laugh you off the street Not one He says, oh they care about the heat Okay Oh, Dion Sanders excellent choice That is a fabulous choice Don't you think I got that one of the other on camp play Right? We got the one that you care about Let's see that one Let's see the money Oh yeah, he gives me the scope Oh, Dion Sanders Talk about it, it's talk about there for a pimple He got the money of like an athlete And the dress is like a pimp Well he is something Dion Sanders got that in the on Dion Yeah, good How's the dead doing to get my a thing? Yes, she did Good, okay just double-check him Because I don't want her to rush off to lunch and then fight out tomorrow Oh, guess what? I think I jammed into my sheen mind and they never got it in there Right I always got some story And how come they want that today? Today's only the 20th of March last time I checked We got three days left in a month after this We all get the rest of the week off I'll tell you what in the way this place is going We all ought to take the rest of the week off What difference is it gonna make? Boy, you talk about floating my god They knew Ray Jean we got here They just floating their way through it And did you ever see Troy Strattford today? Mmm, thank you Yeah, did you ever see Chris Jones? Did we ever look like a follow up on a conversation where my wife's Friday And here's what I'm gonna really get you splitting your size laughing How long before you think we get those client feedback sheets? Oh my god, what a sense of humor this face Still hasn't lost a god He's 100 years old And he's still got it Just kidding Ray Gillator's brought internet political advertising Under the nation's campaign finance lawyer Today, but here's the good news It's clear that all other political activity on the internet Will be untethered by federal rules, thanks God A three Republicans and three Democrats on the federal election commission Unanimously adopted a role requiring anyone placing a paid political ad on a website To abide by federal campaign spending and contribution limits But There will also updates existing FEC regulations to make it very clear Then although other internet political activity such as blogging, email communications, and online publications Is not covered by the campaign law Individual online political activity will be protected from FEC restriction regardless of whether the individual acts alone Or as part of a group And regardless of whether the individual acts in coordination with the candidate Or acts independently said commission chairman Michael E. Toner Or your low on tone or by the way The 2002 campaign finance law requires that ads for or against federal candidates Be paid forward money regulated by the law Or some of its contributions by individuals to $2,000 in bands union and corporate donations And speaking of elections, wait this will put a smile on your face George Avoid Does it seem to you that your labormen is a bit nervous and irritable these days? Haven't noticed Labormen is a three-term US senator as long We're one of the Connecticut's most popular Democrats He was his party's vice presidential candidate in 2000 As one of the most recognizable members of Congress Under normal circumstances, the labormen should be confidently cruising toward a fourth term But the problem for labormen is that this election year is anything but normal For the first time since he won election to the US Senate in 1988 Labormen is facing a democratic primary challenger Nettel of Mont I wonder if he's kind to a dave Lamont or maybe Lamont cramped him Nettel of Mont is a successful Greenwich businessman with an Personal resources to kickstart his primary bid He is also more articulate and personable than the feeble election upon his Legalmen's face in two previous election of frolics I thought it was going to say in a particular principle in feeble Lieberman Lamont is also politically potent issue in the Iraq War And Lieberman steadfast support for president and Bush's war policies The liberal wing of the Democratic Party has been growing increasingly on Hatty with Lieberman in recent years I'm so lazy to record I don't think he's ranging from foreign policy to conservative criticism of the entertainment industry Oh yeah goody too she was due Lieberman But all of that pales in comparison to I wonder what he thinks about that rock and rap and rabbi Exactly But all of that pales in comparison to liberal anger over Iraq Lamont calls Lieberman Bush his favorite democrat a table that's probably very close to the truth This year is also unusual because it's the first time Connecticut has really faced a possibility of a serious statewide primary contest being decided in August The state switch from May September to August primary several years ago But there haven't been any major primary battles until now No one is sure how it's going to play out even the voters will be paying any attention to politics in the middle of a case in season Primary traditionally draw low voter turnout still over the turnout And more likely it is to contest to be decided by a swing of a few thousand votes Politics and just hate that kind of uncertainty good liberal activists are exactly the kind of Democrats who tend to turn out for primary Is especially when they're fighting about something like the war and Iraq There's no guarantee that Lamont will be able to win the 15% of delegates at the May Democratic State convention Need to force the primary there was the assured of getting the thousand signatures necessary to make a primary a bit to Connecticut petition process There is also no doubt that he's causing a liberal men some Ajada Spelled with a T which had never seen it spell like that before my life. I'm using that's like Dahany after Lamont announced earlier this month Lieberman's campaign manager accused the child during making personal attacks on Lieberman's character and integrity which Lamont had not done last week Lieberman got into a spat with a heart for area radio talk show host Colin McEnroe over Libre and some more Lieberman support for Bush and his warnings to Democrats about undermining the present during war the more irritated Lieberman gets with this situation the more delighted his liberal critics become and the more serious the challenge Urlimate of course For it's fans good news All right man one of the most anxious of them all due Lieberman the man who for sure caused the allegor lose that election He side effects votes, you know, in the Supreme Court stop the counts stuff like that Oh Andy card the resigned the deck of cards is doubling of the White House big deal They're all whipped up about that 1220 votes on the pool Charles Barkley and Larry bird engine Brown don't have any or deon Sanders. What's that all about? Huh? He on Sanders name any votes? That's what on there. Let's see the question is what all time athlete you dislike the most how are Shannon Sharfe not because of his athletic performance And because of what you know just because of what the way he behaves. Oh, I thought you were gonna say because he has a girl's name What do you think Josh? Okay, you want to put Shannon Sharfe on there. I thought you were equally I don't I don't hate him. I just he's just the worst broadcaster in the history right I wasn't along on here. Okay, well, don't put him on it. Don't turn into a racial thing 1209 man. I'd say that this this thing has just gotten out of our hands today. Hasn't it just slipped around too? Good like a smoke right away good and when we come up with a new format next week all eddy all day four hours of That would be it'll be dynamite just put on endless loop like you can just buzz me You know when the it's time for break all the room taking an app All any format probably have to put that idiot on the payroll when you think Don't say that old. I can be the name Steve. Well. Yeah, don't say that because there goes George's new contract And Josh is raised that he's not gonna get out of his deal Josh is raw deal We doing a lot of a lot of storage from that website raw story. Well, Josh is getting a raw deal You've heard of a new deal. We got the raw deal because Joe Bella showed me that he would take care of you guys Anybody connected with that show he's taken care of you all right and fact That's the one thing would be the appropriate word. I'm going Joe and it sales manager. Oh my god I can't believe that anybody could possibly make this last guy look good You know what was his name a Raymond the breer And our side Raymond burn our side. Oh my god That's so far this guy with a the only thing in his is playing the family's got a heavy draw. I spotted you got draw all y'all I'm happy I'll be right back in there Well, Tuesday is coming gone. I don't see that spot on here that was in the spute last Friday What if your name is Chris? He looked me right in the eye and he told me right now. I just love the way he said that I said you're in South Florida you better understand right Chris. He looked me right in the No That's the way we say it here in South Florida see you better get with it Oh, good. I can jiggy with it. It's 11 past noon at five 60 WQA. I'm Casper wine burgers And I don't even see them talking about that on CNN Would you think they'd admit a bit of a submissive about that at least they Little blurb there that a story that a lot Casper wine he burger man. Oh man He was one of the bush clan and Reagan You know, quite a few recent survey Americans keep their mattresses for 10.2 years That's like you keeping your car for 100,000 miles if your mattress is five to 10 years old It's probably not performing like a once did so do this do what I always do call 1 800 mattress the number for our friends a dollar mattress Right number one for customer satisfaction when you call these folks There is no risk at all absolutely none because your order of mattress from the expert bed and consultant to dollar mattress and you try out for a while Don't like it call them back at 1 800 mattress and they'll replace it until you are satisfied And once you buy from 1 800 mattress you'll never go back to a shore or make-in It's so easy just call 1 800 mattress and pick the two are window you want and for them to show up And they do they show up right on time like noon at 2 1 3 245 and 445 Etc. They take away the crappy old soil smelly bedding and then you run your way to a great night sleep for years to come when you call down a mattress No nonsense no run around no shore machine and against no rip off just unbeatable rock bottom Rock bottom factory-direct price and a best-growing no trust and love Seely service Simmons King coil temporary and Stearns and Foster who had two and right now down a mattress is offering you no payments or interest for 12 months so what are you waiting for call 1 800 mattress right now or log out of their website Mattress.com for the best sleep you've ever had in your life 1 800 mAT T R ES leave off the last as because it stands for sensational stupidest saving This is kneel Rogers They and they don't come anywhere's the kneel Rogers and just some munchies and make brownies still with us and we share it with Jesus and the same The price Yes Oh Well I am 1240 votes and I think 1240 was WWE and Sony last voted against Instagram and he hasn't done a result of how fast they forget. He's got three already. Oh, I agree. We realize how fast he's moving on up. To the planet are a long time ago. Nice to the way, Dion. Rod Roddy would be proud. Now you talk about a nerd. There is a kid with a little bit of scholar Bartels. He's from Harvard, Nebraska. Who? Anyway, and I was just telling you about seeing Dreshtik here last night. I think it went into Dickinson. But you know, the kid that played her son that was in Christine. That nerdy looking kid with a goofy glasses? Yeah. Well, that's what this kid looks like. Now, why is this kid important because he's been a spring break. Not at Daytona. Not in Coco Beach. Not in Nalliens. Uh, at Walmart. Did you see this story? No. I think what he's really trying to tell the world is. I have no right. Skylar Bartels kept looking over his shoulder. It's a heavy picked up living at the Windsor Heights Walmart for three days. Living there, eating, sleeping, checking out the DVDs. Never leaving. The plan was to spend his entire spring break there under the radar. Some kids go to Cancun. Skylar Bartels a Drake University sophomore from Harvard, Nebraska. And looking every bit of it went to the Garden and Tadio department. The rate of experiment had been over for a few days, but Bartels was still in great experiment mode. As we said in the booth in the subway sandwich shop to the front of the store. He glanced at the friendly whitehead Walmart greeners. Were they on the him where they staring? Bartels were still suffering from Greeter Fobia. He was never out to get Walmart he explained. This wasn't supposed to be an expose. He didn't burst through the door. Stewing about low wages for working conditions. Or the way to big change shoes up mom and pop stories. This was part sociology experiment. Part school project part professional nerd. I think Bartels is a writing major. Maybe he'd put it all down on paper and pick up an independent study quit it. Maybe it's all to somebody someday. Maybe he'd moved to another Walmart and produced an documentary. Like we got away nothing but McDonald's for a month. They did it. Bartels got the idea from a commercial. Was it true that those happy shiny people were telling him always low prices. Always could the biggest most successful discounts during the world really mean his every need. 24 hours a day. That's what the TV spots were telling him. That was the goal he said to buy everything I needed at Walmart. There's a picture him with sister Mary Sue and none. And you know something hard to tell him apart. His father told him to go for it. Offer to bank with a project. And Sunday his girlfriend dropped him off to front door and drove away. The game was on. He didn't tell Walmart what he was doing. It's probably a good thing. We were to wear this and corporate spokeswoman Sharon Weber. But it's not something we can don't. We're a retailer not a hotel. Really? Probably give an idea. Walmart hotel. Yeah. Everybody. Go crash at Walmart. A great block professor gave Bartels some advice. The store is private property. If they asked you to leave go quickly and quietly. Bartels walked into the big box wearing jeans and white t-shirt. He had a cell phone in case it were to see his heart medicine. His bank card two forms of ID and nothing else. He spent the first afternoon watching chicken little. The animated Disney film. He watched it all. The deleted scenes interviews out. Takes everything. They headed on a continuous loop the whole time. I was there. He said, I passed through the department and said, oh, it's about halfway through. I like this part. I think I'll watch it again. Oh, brother. I have no life. Bartels decided not to buy anything. He couldn't carry around the store. He ended up with a jacket for storage space. A note pad. Some pencils. And left round of voice recorder. A few pack of underwear. A coma toothbrush. And some toothpaste. He lived off energy drinks. Donuts. Yogurt and subway sandwiches. He figured he slept four hours of the 41. A captivity. He caught a few minutes whenever he could. And the subway booth or restroom install. Which isn't recommended especially with the nightstopper's versing in every five minutes. Nightstoppers. Remember that show? I said, I got to the point. He said, where I was a dip in falling asleep on the toilet seat, which sounds kind of weird. Oh, maybe that's what happened in the yesterday. Maybe the sales holes fell asleep on the seat. There's sleep in the switch. Maybe they're asleep on the seat. Well, I beat them to it this time. Well, thank God. You're learning your lesson man. Get in there early. Early and often. The best place for a dosing was lawn and garden where the lights weren't so bright. Nobody worked there between two and four in a morning. Bartels found a lawn. Share a kick back and wanted how life could be better. Life would be perfect. The discovery would not be the work we showed up before dawn to stock plants. Bartels hotbed and pretended to be looking for home patio furniture. That wonderful way I'm sure was the daily low point. Some way was closed. Bartels was off in the only Walmart chopper, which made it harder to blend in the cosmetics and sporting goods. Oh, and it goes on and on. He was sitting on a floor reading a magazine at 3am when a man shivering from the cold walked in, but an atlas and left. You see a lot of people reading to Bartels said, Cosma Pollot was a huge favorite. Nobody ever checked the magazine section and ever said anybody's talking books or magazines. He found it strange the way the same two guys kept showing up in the middle of the night to buy movies. They looked like the devil's reject kind of guys. He said, but they ended up buying stuff like Charlie on the chopper factory. Aha. Oh, right. Like I said, the message is, I have no right. And I'm glad he's looking really like to that. Believe you, me. We've talked to many of you and there is no doubt. 567 one, I'm making a phone number. I got no time for any call. Do I? Well, I got a treat. Hey, I'm him. Hello. See, and that's because there's no third break in our which there would be if we had any spots or if anybody knew how to do the log or if the sales of our was like on top of these things. There's more money. This hour is evidence. Okay. My make a copy this log will produce it as evidence in court, being it away. WQAM. Hello. Maybe it wouldn't have to borrow money to buy other radio stations if they weren't paying all the money away down the toilet. WQAM. Hello. Okay. I do have one good thing. Actually. I mean, I know I always take the B3. actually did some sort over here on the west coast. You heard they got rid of that idiot Liz Wilde. They fired her out again. Yeah, big news. Yeah, well, that's good news. That's good news. Maybe we'll actually get maybe we'll put you on over here now. Yeah, right. Yeah. Okay. Give a talk for a couple more of those. Whatever you're taken. Wow. 560, 560, 560, 560, they've arrived in SIGTER, wireless lines. What's upon time? We were on over there. Remember those glorious days and four miles? Uh-huh. Yeah. The salad days. Woo! We did. We had an audience over there. No, or what? My God, we were kicking big fast smelly ass. W to W to Q a M hello. W to Q a M hello. Hello, A M hello. Yeah. Hello. Yes. I'm in the Hills, I'm a seat of the regular. W to Q a M hello. I made number one, that's unbelievable. W to Q a M hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Hey, does Q a M get a massive tower to when they put a marvelous game on and everyone turns the radio off? Yeah. Yeah. We put the right run into that. We've cut down our FDNL bill. Absolutely. Hey. Okay. No problem. Hey, how about those who are came basketball games? We had a couple of we saw those who are really big ratings. They're killer. I mean, they're grabbers. They were grabbing it. Couldn't you hear them? Kind of come to the toilet to see. Wow. Glenn, Michael, St. Rights and he said you're right. No more causes. Sorry. I couldn't have time and you were going to have time. We only got 25 minutes, Mr. Plus, we got a lot of the music. Yeah. That's definitely the volume of the camera. I'm done. It's a fun brother. Rob and Dave. Next deck. I could put that like an acadalupid. I'm played it for like 25 minutes. It's a possibility. All we could alternate it. We could loop that and then we could like, you know, spurs it with the music. I'm thinking that's a format. I don't know about you. No, I'm thinking we break that down and sample it and make a song out of it. Yeah. This is long as you put on and loose loop. Right. Sometimes we think about it since you want to play a lot of music this summer when you shut the phone off. The American people share the blame for the war and I ranked that was one of the messages during the Iraqi women's speaker out to an anti-war event that you hundreds of attendees of the veterans memorial building in Santa Cruz. When you look at the lead up to the war in Iraq, I blame President Bush, I blame Congress, I blame the media said, Scott Ritter, former Marine former UN chief weapons inspector for Iraq and contributed to the book Neo Khan again, a compilation of condemnations of the Iraq war. But I'm not cutting any slack for the American people he said. Americans, you said, go to the custom rule. I shall they cannot sustain. Many Americans have failed to engage. He said, making the American more of an oligarchy than a representative democracy. As a nation, we are mute. We are silent, Ritter-funded, and he is absolutely incorrect. The event was part of a tour organized by San Francisco International Human Rights Organization Global Exchange that sending Iraqi women to speaking engagements across the country talk about their experiences and the US invasion. But for Iraqi women scheduled to speak in the Santa Cruz event, Faisal Arajji couldn't make it because of exhaustion. For Iraqi women are participating in the projects, speaking in events, colleges, houses of worship and other places, even local newspaper interviews, speaking on radio shows. Arajji said, Benjamin has been mostly sent to traditionally conservative parts of the country. We found that people are hungry for information no matter where they are as said, Benjamin. Arajji said, Benjamin maintains that Iraqis are capable of stopping sublaw or if the US troops would just leave. Others say they may hope is that their children will come all the life from school each day. Such information was one of the things that J. Johnson and Santa Cruz came to hear. I'm interested in the war. I want to learn more information I can get about it. He said, especially the women's issues. That's her information also drew Dina Scoppa and a scoppa Tony of Aptos. I'm waiting to find out the truth. I guess a little bit more of a TV saying. Also speaking, anti-van was Raymond govern, a former US Army captain who put a lot of his articles on our website, Raymond govern, and a former CIA analyst, Montgomery detail of how President Bush side stepped the Geneva conventions, leading to our publicly announced policy of torturing people. We've all heard it was a couple of bad apples at the bottom, but I have documentation that it was bad apples at the top of the barrel said, we're all said we're govern. Producing a memorandum signed by President Bush then required that the detainees be treated humanely and to the extent appropriate and consistent with military necessity and a manner consistent with the principles of Geneva. That's a low-poly can drive a mic, truck through the govern set to extend appropriate and consistent with military necessity. My ass. The organizers urge attendees to act by sending a postcard representative Sam Far, Democrat of Carmel urging him to cut off funds for the war by signing Massachusetts representative James P. McGoverns and the United States. The United States is a very great act of 2005. You've been a sign of two sign of two sign of yeah, we've got torture ass so fast. Even Lou Dobbs are you plotting between the US, Mexico and Canada. Oh, good. I mean, talk about a one-note show. He had granted two or three weeks out of a Sunday, where the Geneva came very lucid. He was on target and the thing with a ports and Dubai and do we do we do? And now he's right back to where he was there. Just obsessed. I'm not that he's not right. But I mean, she's kind of like a little guy. Oh, God, give me a break. The not so magnificent of section, but anyway, he's your guy. You know, Lou Dobbs. Okay, big fan. I'll take what's his name. Maybe they'll take Doug Thompson. You have Lou Dobbs. As far as my media hero. Okay. Is that okay? So he told Doug Thompson get the TV show. When does that start? 1200 and then starts when they find some network that would put him on, which any of the big three or the talking hit one. I'll tell you what they're trying to read a cause me. If MSNBC wonders why nobody watches their network, take a look at who they got on other than what's his name Keith Olderman. Oh, there's a cast for why he burger. Look at that. That was 99 and he looked 100 years old. He was 88. That's definitely old enough. Don't you think? That's the one for 288. That's right. Just said, bitch. What that's Mrs. Limbaugh. 1266 votes on the pool in Jim Brown Bay. Burton Charles Berkeley still got the big zero. You don't think she's cute. They're in Kagan. Just for a moment. For God's sake. No, no, no. Josh, you think she's kind of cutesy? No. You're both, you know, you're lying. If she was married to say like Lou Dobbs, he says, how did it in a firecracker? How did them face it as son? Now I'm good. Now I'm not talking about you and thought about you. You don't know. Lou Dobbs from Lou Rosa. Who the toe? Lou the toe, Rosa. People around. Great taste, you're baby. You better start learning your football master if you're going to be a professional duck, myster. If you're going to go to drop in youngman's legs, you're going to play a role as a dad. Not a boy. I'm a father of our turrets just around for it. If you're going to crack that crowd, you're going to crack the crack crowd or what? I'm working on it. Yeah, you better. You better start smithing jox drafts all day 24 seven and then you can get rid of your clearance in the beast and little Robert. And I got a news for when Robert sniffs a jox draft. And as a different connotation, you know what I'm saying? You're fair. Yeah. That's what I'm thinking. 1231. We got marlins baseball in just 19 minutes. You'll be great-proably games under the way some they do unlike thought you're but this one I don't think is well I don't want to think about it I want to know it okay so I'm gonna like check the sunset and the right here I would check the hell but I don't believe them all of the sunset all that's a TV thing like the time you jick it but I'm sure he's got it and it's got to do with sports sports it's out of his league let's see the Florida marlins that they how they do in the spring with their little league team well first place but you know are they really well yeah but you know spring doesn't mean anything oh they got a guy named Abercrombie Reggie but that was a horse Reggie Abercrombie and when over two against the world's on Monday dropped his a great-for-le-gabbage 14 points but he's still hitting 3-82 he's kicking fat ass baby wow 3-82 what's wrong with that so where's the thing on here about the schedule about who's on first and when the game and yada you know there's this this website really blows man this is so bad what it would be nice of his game was on TV or something let's see marlins where was the sports on TV thing or something what he's paper's blow 28 to 1 a QM 1250 to Marlins on deck it will be playing some of that really great fun for this music band with throw a band and say that's no more of course hey y'all know this name we can say drag concepts have been using them in my home skirt clumpy one amazing years now they are the best carpet pinning company in the world before you go out and spend thousands to replace your carpets give rock concepts a call because when they get done it look like he had brand new lead right on your floor to bring your carpets back to life to leave him vibrant and color south of the touch stain three and looking just like brand new rock concepts is the only company I've been using 21 long excruciating years in a variety of homes that were just in my house couple weeks ago and the only company you are the first two and just in case you didn't know a drag concept besides their fantastic carpet cleaning also specialized in drapery cleaning a forced recleaning deep plenty of your expensive other furniture and lots more and without a doubt one of the best things you can do for that orient or area or magic flying carpet rug is to use a quality underlament it's essential for standing life and beauty of that area ruckin provides critical cushioning and prevents skidian hard floors too during this month you've just got a few days left green march call and get 15% in savings at all underlament padding from dry concepts always professional always show up right on time and always give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing a sensational job for you all of these things carpet cleaning water damage restoration pet odor treatments mattress cleaning and lots more call the best and trust the best dry concepts like I do and date round in the palm beaches it's a tool free call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 runaway bright concepts dot com this is a meal runner this is five 16 16 and it got if anybody has a thing yeah you feel disenting from our way we'll pay your name and to that's it now as in the me of the stay don't give and come on to bye It's for a nation, I know you might know Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo It was not a land nation, I just used to say I gotta hate those two, woo, woo And put them together those two Many everything we can do And the state run you Blood water for cornbread We love your husband, hey A roven, chaney bushman Facts to us, hey Oh, we don't mind you see our jobs, oh A bad economy's fool We're passing by jail, oh No, we don't need those stupid fools That's them, oh, they're always crazy The facts of paradise in vain Well, everybody's turned in such a sin I just knew yesterday I hate those other ladies But we're not a poor child I just had to hate the other ladies But we're poor people, so I had to I just had to hate the other ladies I just had to hate the other ladies I just knew I just knew I just knew But we're poor people, so I had to hate the other ladies That's them, oh, they're always crazy But we're not a poor child But we're not a poor child I just knew I just knew I just knew I just knew I just knew That's them, oh, they're always crazy long to bullets that is both between the years okay just I just said it's a mirror to judge the story for tomorrow all right okay what all time actually do you dislike most is our full of day comment these revotes that is a shocking number you know when you come right down what I think that's the audience when you must be twenty three to about a day four thirty seven man a hate you like poison if ever we probably should have not over this play like an oj or something they have played in long time who like maybe you know will come up with one four thirty seven very bonds one ninety one a very respectable second but a distance second not in the same league a hate for seventy three my ties in sixty over for a continue so judge your head order that he feels pasta in line right right at the the reason you had ordered this goes uh... the public service of the deputy where was now that we had since happened to be about it for two weeks and i love it every day almost or three times a week anyway uh... if we have one person facts or call in say you know you like try that in my blood sugar when skyrocketing or was very good or anything no or i know no i said they don't know they're all dead no because they're much in great so mean you know what they've ever found out about it wasn't for they'll come and i was just by the luck of the road that i found it online just to the blind look but man we turned out to something really great and you're buying it up like a hot cake sterity of publics they can't even keep it in stock and George has to order it online go with your nothing and as usual terrible ones they hate fifty eight cubi grind fifty seven i hate this full fifty seven p-ro's forty six has taken soko thirty eight john rocker thirty six tiny hardening twenty nine grind tax twenty two curt bush twenty curt shelling twenty i'll pray for both of them rager commons fourteen markman choir fourteen ron our test thirteen curt warner thirteen speaking of having got a prayer key shon john so what kind of a name is that eleven it's a bad name taggerwood's nine tideberg two z eight sandy patent manning seven you're fairy my colirvin seven re-luest six eight eight prison ski five film nickel sin five ricky wadium solament is inco which sold on to chinkway when gritsky five the unsatisfactory four bill roman asking for latent who has got three rapio palmero three tied dummies got two randy johnson one and out of almost thirteen ever votes Charles Barclay Jim Brown and Larry Bird all of got the big big big you frick i snow the big oh like that money all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all that night when she turned off all the light there's no place where she could have had all those all you were gonna get hurt all you went out to kill her all you went out to kill her you I can play one day this Mary's got a set three per way don't get everything your day Oh, you gonna come back for you You're fair And then you'll get away with that thought to Who the fuck is this? Who'd you gonna get up? Who'd you gonna get you? Who'd you gonna get you? Who'd you gonna get you? Who'd you wanna get you? Who'd you wanna get you? Why night? Oh, you can't be cool Oh, you can't be cool Oh, you can't be cool I kill the fool I've got jokes on a pit Ahhh Youktosh was not a guy You wrote it to me each day Oh, you want to get you? Who'd you gonna get you? You know what that music means, doesn't it? Oh, right. You can spell that baseball blow. You can spell the Dodge track, can't you? It's a rubber glove. Take those no-dose, Dave Van Borey is coming up. He is still doing the game, doesn't he, don't you? Yes, don't be ridiculous. You can't really trust him, he's lost his life. He can't really trust him. I can't trust him. Marlon and Amethon Jupiter come to her, and he's all gone after the game, and he'll pick up the hours in his 7th and 10th Lady Martins. Curtis and Goldman, he's been a clock for any game. When we Martins have seven, when we have him lost our sense of humor, and the face of adversity, we still can chuck a little bit. So, over... Thank you, Otto. Thank you, Otto. It's time to get it all. Go, go! It's a stop! You're a cool guy, you're a cool guy. You're a cool guy, you're a cool guy. You're a cool guy. You're a cool guy. Yeah, oh, my foot. That is not true, Otto. Not true.