Alright! Sports fans! Just in time for Christmas, Elton John's biggest hits on one CD, including your song. It's a little bit funny. The ceiling side. Oh, don't let my lunch come out of me. Guess rolling the wind and it seems to me. You lived your life like a dead man. Saturday night. All right, perfect. I can't stand for the call. It's up to you. It's yours now. Hey, happy generic holidays. Tell you what he's been doing out there. 10, I wanted 5, 16, WCQA. Let's see. Let's take a look at that award winning schedule. Now we've got mad dog back today at two. Is that correct? I don't want to get another schedule to say, OG, he said, you know, like I did yesterday. Although I did say the right schedule tonight. I don't know. And you're not thinking to do anything. And you don't care about that. That's a good way. Thanks to Allison and the nice people at Borg George, a little birthday cake yesterday. And they said, party for him and they said, well, what a old turd. I was touched. You wish. It's special places. Mad dog into power. I was hanging a mad dog together, 4 to 5, then a Hubber solo 5 to 7. Ever find out why he's trying to birthday. I mean, the Christmas party money. No. No. Pants are pretty good. It's said I heard guilty just now. I'm going to show that to be a real ratings booster. Pants are in the as Sabers. That could be really ugly at 7.395 with the head, Kampel and show. Wow. You'll love this story. You get a start. We're going to take a million calls today. You watch. Here's the first one. QAM. Hello. Okay. Here's the first story. Man fine for tossing pig at hotel. How do you like that? You want to take a picture at the hotel? West Point, Mississippi. Well, they do things like that in West Point, Mississippi. Because they in my shell is going on. When pays fly indeed, it says Kevin Poo 20. You ever get on the road and you get behind your next two way of pig truck? Then you say Poo? Yes. Oh. I'm sure it's here. You ever smell it? No. You never have. I mean, that's no. Holy. Holy. I mean, you just want to give up your brought words forever. All along, I couldn't do it. Couldn't give up my fork. Kevin Poo 20 of Cedar Bluff has been fine. 279 bucks for tossing a pig over the counter. At the holiday in Express West Point on November 12th, Poo played a really two-day incident according to a charge to discerning the piece. He threw a pig over the counter. West Point, police lieutenant Danny MacCastall said Poo didn't know the employees of the hotel. There was no evidence in toxication was a factor. No one was injured including the pig. Thank God. This was the silliest thing ever seen MacCastall said almost every officer we had was involved because the insins kept happening in different hours. MacCastall said Poo is accused of walking in the hotel and throwing a 60-pound pig over the counter. He said it was a prank. MacCastall said it must be some redneck thing because I haven't ever anything like it before. See, the redneck thing after all pranks. You know, if that funny, like that. Yeah. MacCastall said there have been four late net insins involving animal tossing of West Point witnesses twice as pig was tossed and two of the insins involved possums. I know people would like to play possum. All four of the disturbances are placed between two and four and more in the casual said, well, at least it's something going on there. Poo is accused of a second animal throwing incident at a hearty's restaurant. He pleaded innocent and disturbing the piece in that case will appear in City Court December 19th. He doesn't say whether or not to a possum of pig or a pork you pine or whatever you threw as the hearty's. And that's great. Maybe he said a hearty appetite. Maybe the pig had a hearty appetite. Or maybe they have a like a pig roast. Maybe this duck is ass on a spit. I don't know, but it's a redneck thing. Strange. Redneck's our strange. Here's our full from yesterday. We had 166 feet of oats. Wow. And that's in turns in a fine job of changing the pool on there. Well, I was plunging my guts and would my, whatever it is, would mine had a great days of matter fact and a good machine. Well, I got to tell you a little story about what human nature. One of the regulators, this woman, I'd say she's like in her blade 40s, 40s, whatever she had some blonde bimbo. So she shows up yesterday. And I had just barely sit down a little while. And she said a couple of machines for me and she's asked me how are they doing and how are they paying all she's mowning. Well, I'm always losing. You know, like I need to hear her problems. So she sits down at the deadest machines since Abe Lincoln. And I'm doing great. You know, I'm my machine is how is it pistol and all of a sudden I get 2,000 in the line. I get, you know, 5 times as a purple 7, 5 times 2 grand. And she held good for you and then she looks for a section. Why couldn't that be my machine? That's the way it works, honey. Oh, we didn't hear such a line. Yeah. And then I'm playing a little bit more and I get like a spin for 400 and almost immediately 200 in the line and oh my gosh, she's like, you know, very happy for me, but in a very eradatory way. In other words, that bastard, how come he's getting all the action? Because you want to dead my machine honey, but anyway. Getting back to the pool. It's just amusing. You know, it's not important that you succeed in the every Wales fail. Oh, come on, I'm doing so bad. Because you're a dumb bimbo. That's why I'm bitch. Get out of my face. 16 average of 60 feet votes on the pool. Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008? Al Gore and Barack Obama were in a death match. A death lock, a death grip. They were gripping it. But Al kept to inch in a way. You know, slow gets the job done. It's Al. Slow and steady. 157 for Al Gore for 18 for Barack Obama. Oli, what is that? Um, 39 apart? Is that math correct? Yes. How could I not know? I mean, like a mathematical wizard. 39 apart. I'm brilliant. And a wonderful first mother. They all suck 238 Hillary Clinton 194. But she ain't doing well with our crowd. I'll tell you that. And I'm maybe that's because we we've filed her like that. That could be him, but we're not the only words too bad. There are a lot of people. She's a polarizing figure man. Rudy Giuliani 117 John McCain 86. Leslie Clark, a week's at however Rubin sandwich 46 when he's in Hollywood. Rest in the time he's eating trif. Yeah, it's not a fact. Wouldn't Rubin the Rubin sandwich would be trif. Wouldn't it always have uh, Cheese on it? Sure. Mm-hmm. Oh, trif. Jeff Bush, your fat ass governor. 29. I just every time I mention. Ha ha ha. Jeff Bush now. I'm going to be thinking about. Dad and Bruce. That's just. Worth thinking. John Kerry 25. Joe Biden 18. I hate this full 16. Only 0.9%. I can't remember the last thing we had a pool. We're only 0.9%. Since that I hate this pool. How do you like that? Huh. Maybe we'll take that pool every day. George Fittacky, the outgoing New York governor who's about to get as exciting as a dead frog. A dead possum 10. Evan by nine from Indiana is not a bad guy, but nobody knows Evan by. So bye bye. Bye bye Evan by. Now today's pool, which what it comes at a really interesting time. And of course that's why I'm doing that I guess. Now did you add. Oh yeah I see. That's what I should have voted good and bad results. Look at how we already got nine hundred and twelve volts under these pool. I would tend to do make the change. Did you feel the change? Five o'clock straight. Wow. So then into bad huh? We went have somebody listening out there. It's probably because all those good phone calls. We got that kind of since we go Monday. Got her. What did you chuckle about? Oh I told myself a funny joke. That's what they want to hear is them calls man. Boop boop boop boop boop. And that isn't even a good day. If you're going to do it by boop do it good one. Not a bad. Bob boop. Nine hundred and twelve volts of you ever met anybody on the internet. Oh don't please I'm begging you. Oh well you know and you made a good point this morning when we were confibrillating. And that is when you say met somebody on the internet. It's not necessarily the first time. In other words usually I mean it could be. Could be the first time or could be like finding somebody again. That you wish you never would have found again. You know like that. By the way Miguel. Oh oh and I forgot to ask you this morning what that was all about. And you know I'm not going to tell you in fact some of you facts. Okay because you won't answer on the year it's obviously a personal and embarrassing. Whatever whatever the situation is going to talk about it. Well I'm not going to talk if you would tell me what it is I wouldn't talk about it. Jesus God. But anyway he should you know whatever the problem is I think he's in the wrong. That my space page. Although you know there's some really nifty stuff on it and there's some very neat people on there too. And then there's always some others. Have you ever met anybody on the internet nine hundred and twelve volts. And of course the internet's a great place for people to play pranks play games. Did it all around with your school with the stuff like that am I right? I just set your facts explaining the whole thing. Okay. Well I mean it's not I'm not a human only I'm not a nosy person. In fact I don't I don't I don't the worry about stuff like that. My as you well know better than anybody else my involvement with the people I work with on a scale of zero. Isn't a my as common I might correct correct. I just I mean I don't want to what prior to people's lives in the fact that you and your wife. You know, we're two times a year. And you know the fact that you had an unwhompered kid. Have you ever met anybody on the internet. 920 no 343. Oh I salute you I pat you on the head and I wish you a wonderful life and believe me you're probably having one. Don't chat with anybody online 294 what you know something I'm really proud of that. And in fact the chat craft the chat rooms that's for more on people that chat online that is. If you go on a bottom of a ship and you find the barnacles whatever is seven layers below the barnacles. that's the level of human existence the chat rooms are it's just pathetic so to put those together got like sixty eight point all the sixty nine percent okay let's see oh geez what is that you're open I said you know it oh you were asking I'm not gonna talk about it it feels a friend he's a good guy like him until he put that damn my space page on it now he really is taking ten years off my life he's personally responsible ten years that's right now just just you're up in a good year okay it was the best of intentions and I'll read the second page not on the year though not gonna read it on the year wasn't going to be done on it you are you know you have so little faith in me that would be a good one to do yeah it is bust in your own you're my right Josh he has no faith in me it doesn't trust me he's got the faith and just yeah yeah faith in anyway will hear yes and it turned out well one seventy eight maybe some of those people got married from a someone they met on the owner of at least got laid or got something you know or got made made a good friend you know lots of people use my space for a lot of the time what get lean to hook you up no I know a few people that have sealed the deal really if sealed the squeal get out of here what what is this what I don't want to hear that that doesn't tell me anything okay so I don't want to know about that sorry I asked okay yes it turned out well one seventy yes it was a disaster forty six that was my vote but then again I was thinking about this morning I thought well I've had a couple of uh involvement so I had to worry about my friends from high school that came up here we had a great dinner and a wonderful time and then of course my recent experience which is taking 40 years off my life yes good and bad results twenty seven I hate this pull twenty one two point two percent I hate the internet thirteen well if you hate the internet what are you doing on our pool see I put that on there it's like a trap exactly like a trap like I got sucked in with a stupid crap on it my space page it's a trap this is a little bit your brain and with your other hold you with your life if you hate the internet then what are you uh you know trolling our pool for don't control in our pool ever trolling pool I have nine thirty three on the uh total get those the peaches total from house you on that's what Larry was doing on for the house you on what I thought that is somehow I can't why you know this that's you know what you just sent me there it's uh what it is what it is you know I have a exact I mean there's not a one two in the trap act so anyway that's our uh pull for today and my word my word to the wise just like you gave you some good very a common sense advice yesterday which most of you won't pay any attention to me because we're all of much of emotional cripples but don't get involved on the internet unless it's uh you know what I mean to judge Judy said is that what she said you have not not exactly in those words well what do you mean what's all about oh she said I don't pay any attention to judge for you can Judy always do jampie for me and I said my right people she tries these cases all the time where people meet on the internet so you can wind up loading money do each other something like that and she just yells at him like how can you give money to somebody that you never met and they tried to explain oh you know I met them on the internet and she said that's not meeting them there a stranger that met and I always liked that judge Judy the biggest thing so best challenge to be this is the O'erottarist you're breaking a hole finally after using the greatest hopes playing on the American public for over 20 years to be true is that but it's another the andy coughman did not die hi this is everything often yes it's true I think my own death to live in seclusion I felt it was the only way I could develop a fresh new idea like for that now that I finally have a hit I'll start work on a sequel to my first bill anyway but it does that's not you huh it's not you what do you mean that's not me I don't know why for this Andy that someone else doing your life that grab is for teak it is yeah well I'm just going to have the stool that's all you can't so one one up officially you did oh yeah what am I going to do well I had as a cab company look for a mechanic thank you very much no in 2018 at five sixty wqm happy Thursday two man December seventh already I'll be so happy although the sunshine in the neighborhood that it's like 20 something here it's like 20 degrees oh freezing it is cool man no snow though thanks god I'll fix so let me look around soon on let me jump out the window five six seven oh five sixty we're going to take the zidian calls today and you watch we'll get maybe one good one you'll see you're doubting Thomas okay and I'm so sorry by the way I mentioned that before about the Christmas party I'm sorry that's okay if you would have just told me that I would never have mentioned it but never know I didn't know you were good at it what does that mean you're the one that brought it I'm not going to I don't want to rehash you're trying to go back again I don't hold on it yeah QAM hello yes sir this is a special question forward would you will it find play eyes or the conference can I ask you a question sir what is it one should I might screw you man oh my god I was going to ask him because this has been going on for a couple of days now I mean we already know that almost none of them have anything to say about anything in the world and it's been all requested is it we're going to do this to the rest of the year I'll request December apparently hey it's Christmas you're supposed to give oh yeah oh yeah I'm not receiving in a lot of grief and service that's what I'm receiving so anyway I'm going to go through that whole story I've run on the year today I'm going to get it I have a personal catharsis okay about the mice it's it's embarrassing to me and you know may have to leave certain parts of now Josh of course is probably thinking because he already said it that guys get hooked up on the mice base and they are trolling for ass and stuff like that that was never my intention what I'm going to use it for whatever you want I'm just saying that's one of the many in ten well of course I mean that's that goes without saying what do you think these have been most put their pictures on air with their boobs hangin I've probably like you know those stunt pictures oh it's speaking of stunt pictures let me see if it's before I mention it if it's going to take as long to download as it is because that's a great work of art that died Neil Elfing himself oh yeah I was just saying he was effing himself which I think I've done the worst thing we'd better have huh that's that's coming up next what Neil I think I'm so I've worked things to work on the internet I've been if real good the last few days that you were contortionist uh it's not it's not even coming up now is it gone is it on or what's the story with that takes out while the load remember no but it's not it's not even I'm clicking the link and it's not even though well like I said it's a real cute and take a look at it if it pops up maybe it's busted maybe it gonna happen maybe it's subrohan w q a m her oh brother dropped in w q a m hello take a good week right now hey I'll throw it over the counter okay and see what happens quarter one the game we said but then again so it's the color w q a m hello the raspberry guys back happy holidays pali q a m hello what do you want George for you're gonna beg George no one asking something go ahead he's oh George what listen man when you son of these online dating websites where he does when who does when anybody's that guy's that line up on date line those guys you're your two desperate to get a date that's what happened okay let me finish bro all right the point is this I put my picture on there oh that was out there oh yeah but listen to all this sudden I started giving hits from women from united kingdom peru we're gonna play in the go there okay if they real hot get on a plane if it's worth it okay and then of course when you get there you're found out they look like your grandma's uh washable man but that's beside the point now you got a good point people that are trolling for dates on the internet just like the people in the chat room they're desperate let's burados which isn't the same I mean take a look at the result yes it turned out well 183 I salute you very well look at jellus I'm really jealous I'm just I just don't think that I'm the kind of person that can like you know I'm first of all I'm hardly a social butterfly as you know that's uh the uh I'm a statement of the century number one this week number two I'm definitely not the kind of person that's gonna like make any friends on the internet just ain't gonna happen that are the cards because maybe I expect too much your honesty from the other person or whatever it is but I've had an experience last what has been what's today through the almost two weeks now that it's so bizarre and so unacceptable and probably like part of it is a prank maybe it's for real I don't know but it's just the most incredible uh strange thing and I know what who cares who cares w q a m hello q a m v line hey I do a new okay sir let's read one of this who's saying one thing about a rock obama I was pretty rock obama yeah I like what is never tell what the name but I'm I'm I'm yeah you're not I'm like the only thing is it's kind of a religious guy the little too much for me if you know you want to learn school and stuff like that I think that's gonna come to you want to learn school or whoever said that well well they can watch it back in school I don't know about the print same parents but you know you just want to religion back in and in society with a more like he's just a pandering you know he's pandering right winners he's pandering all the Bible thumbers he's got a little politics a man okay yeah whatever you say pal she ain't got a child and chance of getting elected she could get the nomination because he's got big bucks and she's got all them big wings behind her but boys she couldn't win a fixed election 974 folks already we're gonna have them there was about 10 30 I'd be like that by 10 30 WQA M hello no kid thanks Jacob 2 a M huh yeah he was the good spoon in my ass yesterday yeah how was it was it cold what is answer this boom 567 I took the ass out of the freezer I mean yeah it took the ass out of the freezer I was gonna say the spoon but fast and better yeah stick your ass in the freezer see what happens it'll be cold oh yeah oh they're good man you're right they are better than ever now I can listen these people I want you to have a little rock monus is the Chinese say for these people little empathy for them these are people who are stuck there they're in so good no wonder they act like literally like that just like when you think you're in contact with somebody who's rational insane and all of a sudden just don't know where they're like that and they just freak out on you like oh geez thank god for putting your picture on your right at my space man thank god for getting in touch with me and like kissing my ass on a bunch of emails thank god for turning my insides up and making my cookies upside down but you know what I'm gonna tell the whole story you're not gonna believe that I have the I have the integrity and the stupidity I'm gonna tell the whole story on here why not you told the story about poop in your pants it didn't happen now this is this is much more degrading and self uh and just it's grotesque but I don't care I have no humiliation level what the why care honesty is the worst of the best policy i'm just gonna tell because it's uh it's a very bizarre and strange thing and maybe somebody's got some answers out there maybe somebody knows they uh you know a wise guy 26 past I maybe have better call my friend Derek and see if he can get involved in this situation and of course there would be people say well why can just drop it okay you have a wonderful life you've got all these good friends and I love raw wood mine extra I have a great life here I have no complaints and that of course there always see this is the thing in life and you're well aware of it you know that is when things are going well you're really what they're going really well there's always some goofball somewhere that will come along and do their damn this too like just the whole you out of the water you know it's happy people can't handle it when people are happy is that what it is sure what to bring it with you that does you know what they have a very difficult time with interpersonal relationships maybe that's why you can eat a moving around so much point and also another thing is amazing how you can go online you can you know if you have one bit of information about a person I never really believe that but there are more daily search things on or you can find your shoe size unless right already know the shoe size it's 12 sorry sorry sweetheart hey let me tell you I've been taking nature be last two weeks and it is really kicking and can't you hear it oh yeah a song in transported Oh my friend think up in I went to work, I looked like a jerk, and I was fired in the spring. Driving home, I was all alone, thinking someone's way of trick, saw me. But in the rear, he was there, I could see Jesus there and back at me. And I saw Jesus, I was a father, I saw him alone. And I thought, my father, those who ran the seat, didn't get my father. Oh my friends, they got nuts, and they're being ignored. Oh, so deep, this house makes them all alone. Oh, so deep, this house makes them all alone. So him, oh, the side of the top, the way the look had for my father. I saw him in, the most thinking in the shadows, but hurts God. Yes, I saw him in the spring, the stick of honor, oh my God. Oh my God, I saw him in the spring, the stick of honor, oh my God. Oh my God, I saw him in the spring, the stick of honor, oh my God. Oh my friends, they got nuts, down into bed, they got nuts. Oh, so deep, this house makes them all alone. Can't be all day, you're just keeping yourself in. What would be the thing? He keeps showing up in his plan, his place is new on pieces, and he's heard the Mary. He's all over the place, man. He's just flattering all over the universe. We got a thousand-eight votes on the poll, aren't you proud of us? I mean, I don't say you're excited because you never get too excited. Maybe that's why everybody, oh yeah. Oh, everybody, nice to meet you. I'm embarrassed myself until I've stupid story on you. No, you know what? You think that would be a good idea for me to go through that whole thing. You're only familiar with parts of it, but you know, it's been aggravating. I tell them material, man, and these people are just riveted. What would it mean to me, it's all material? What does that mean? That means that material for the show? The exact, my life, my life is material for the show. That means fascinating, it reads me, your original life. You're a patron, you know how they are. You're a person, the way to what? Right now, exactly. Of course they are. Well, I'm not going to do it right now. I'm building up my courage. I will tell it, though. I mean, it's not, and by the way, we have all those friends. Let me see how many we got. Let me go to my space page. See, this is an interesting 820 or more, right? No, you know. So it's 813, 814. At least 813 to 14 who say there are friends. There's at least one who is not. 811, which means we go to leaving a couple of people. We lost 3. We had 814, or they deleted you, you know, that could go either way. That's it. Well, they deleted me. It's possible. You don't have to do that. Why would they do that? Maybe they don't like you anymore. Oh, well, Jacob's still on there. You're a good friend. My good buddy from the hockey games. On there's some, oh, that's the, Thought those were our listeners. There's the Obubia trap. The Obub tube. The Obubia called saying the Obub, the what? That's the slide show. It's, you know, the bulls, the boobies. The ones that ran under Brady Quinn's first picture of their entire time. Hey, Brady. But anyway, that's beside him. So we got 811. What we were going in a negative direction. But what I was going to say is, I've actually had probably some people out there who, on our MySpace who've been in touch with my close friend, Jacob, and probably can like send us a message and, you know, and tell me what that was all about. Or what, you know, what I'm all saying? Or just make something up like he did. A new Mexico man is drawing the IRF neighbors and his homeowner's association after putting up a place. A new Mexico man is very likely charged lighted sign on his house to go with this holiday decorations. Roberto Vasquez of Albuquerque set his sign showing George Bush's name crossed over by a red bar as though banning it. As cost people to shoot a tea projector, try to pull out his bulb and even threaten to blow off the house. He tells the local TV station K-O-8-T, the big coat. To a grave. Oh my God. Vasquez has his proud of his message and defends the sign is tateful. His neighborhood ate away on the other hand. He gets the rules wanted to come down. His homeowner's ass association. A coat report is says that it may take a court law to decide which way to flip the switch. I do like that. It's got a son and his property and they don't like it. Guess what? I don't like all those Christmas tree or some candy canes or a wreath or some like that. I don't like all those religious, the nativity crap that bugs me. I find it extremely offensive, you know. Just like all those bumper stickers. You know, have you found Jesus or whatever to hell you say? You know, you know, the ones I'm talking about. Oh, yeah. You want to believe it great. Just keep it to yourself. Okay. Whatever you want, keep it to yourself. Don't inflict all the rest of us with it. All your fairy tales. That's not how it works. And the intolerant religions man, the God squad. They just came to the one who used it as a weapon. Just like some people used the Internet as a weapon. There are people used the religion as a weapon. In fact, most of them. Oh, that's going to man. It is there where there's them. Like James Baker said, those fngs don't vote for us anyways. Just screw them. I don't think Sandy for this fact. She just sent just can't make out any part of it. Some cartoons, some comics. Oh, can't make out anyone of them. I thought it makes sense. And I said, my query about the Amis base page. But I would have been too fast. I noticed that what your name is on there again online right now. Okay, James. Yeah. They were just, well, the lucky guy here is how the hell she ever got lumped in with a lung head. Now he's a good guy. He's very creative. He does a lot of our really good bits. They were just, you know, took a picture of her boobs. Did you? With a shirt. What's that most recent one? I'm just saying this for reference. And of course, all those dolphins, the songs, right? That's right. And a lot of great stuff. First KG of the first part guy since the Christmas Eve of the very first KJ bit that we ever had with silent parts. Yeah, I'm going to have to play that today. There's no fart sounds in it. In fact, there's the Fs and some fart sounds. And even if they were, I'd still play it. Screw that bitch. Since the holiday season, so Joyce, we give you a special salute. Okay. Both arms weigh up in there. Both arms with the red hot poker too. QA and hello. Hi, yeah. Neil. I'm just curious to know how long. A little bit about, well, I listen to every day and you've seen the mention, Brady Quinn. That he quarterback and Notre Dame of the industry. It's a Notre Dame fan, you know. I hate Notre Dame. Like, boys, now, which they lose every game and every sport from not fully in the time. I hate Notre Dame. Oh, I see. All right. So you do it's a fantastic way again. No, I do not do it's our chance to win. They're all fat. Aren't you aware that if you're a listener in all fat, I have the hot's for Brady Quinn. Get with it. You idiot. What is wrong with you, man? Another set up super day call. Let's see if anybody out there doesn't know they're listening to some old Fag and on the radio. Yeah, it's an old Fag who's got the hot's for Brady Quinn. Okay. Oh, I do a lot of counter right now. Right in the middle to show him make a lot of noise too. Talk about getting a swirpy at 7, 11, like the one away bride. But nevertheless, 1,000, 24 bucks on the pool. You're right. The calls just keep getting. But see, we are going through a change, you know, a change of life. They're going through a change of life. We're going through a change of a mental state. But in my case, right now, there will be an improvement. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. What is off the nail? Speaking. Oh, hey. Yeah, well, I think I hate on Notre Dame 2 ever since that cry baby, Lou Holt's. But yeah, hated Lou Holt's man. I hate all their coaches. How often for an airport for a SIGIN? That's a cramp. He predated Lou Holt to thin thinning. Oh, yeah, by long, long shot. Yeah. Well, that's because I don't know a little far to remember where we back then. It all felt this into the cry baby. Just like Bobby Boutin, another cry baby. Yeah. The joke, the churnal. Yeah. What are you guys? What are you guys? Both Shen back there. Oh, I'm sorry he's dead. That's bad. Don't be picking on the people I just died. But he was another cry baby and a winner. All those guys, what did you do all your life? Well, Jack Nicholson, I played golf. I played golf. Let me show you the short game. And all that cramp. I'll show you the short game. What is it? 24 votes on the full. Don't get ahead of yourself. Now, I'll get all whipped up into a frenzy. Have you ever met anybody on the internet? No, 391. My best advice. Stick to it. Stick to it. Stick with it. They'll take years off your life. They'll play games with it. And then the best part of it is that the end of the day. They'll run away and hide. And you'll never hear from them again. And nobody can send them messages. You can call them. They will ignore you. They'll pretend you don't exist. And you'll wonder, okay, well, what's the hell that I do? And of course, the first thing in the first place. You don't even know these people. Why do you care? You don't even know these people. Why do you care? You don't even know these people. Why would you care? It's just a way to insult people. You don't see if you give them a little stuff. And see how much you can destroy their lives. Anyway, 391. Say no. Don't chat with anybody online. 325. An excellent idea. Stay off those chat rooms. Don't communicate with any of these free codes. You have no idea what they're doing to where their hand is at the moment when they're online. Yes, it turned out well. 189. Well, I'm very happy for you. Yes, it is ZASTER 50. Oh, God. The ZASTER leave him come close. Yes, good and bad results. 36. I hate this full 21. That's 2% off too bad. And I hate the imminent 30. I hate like those people say. I hate your poles. And they vote on it. Well, guess what? We hate your pole too. I don't know. Figgy's name. So best. I guess if this is real Roger. Me, you. God, they are good. Oh, I. Side part. Daddy part. He can tear your nose apart. He can tear but he can tell. That's some wanted by that opposner. What the hell are you feeling? It smells just like what you eat. I can do it. Side part. Daddy part. Side part. I got one. At K-4. I watched all moments at square below. She was wearing a terrible crown. I walked wide out of that place With a fish mile of my face. Side part. Daddy part. You and him, he's wide and awkward. Let's one go but don't look back. At the victims of your guess at night. If you're in church when you do. You have to stay. You're not very popular. It's something I want to know. I think that's a really great idea from that guy. Mr. Sippy, when you go to church this Sunday. Even though there's a couple of weeks before our Christmas. I throw a pig right up there on your altar. Not a good idea. As an honor for you. As a protest against all of this. I thought I would have to cut this a quick risk. If you lose the orthodoxy, I'm not going to be throwing pigs at the rebbie. But anyway, they do pigs off. If I was in 45 votes on the pool, now the cartoon you're right. Can you read them? But they don't make any sense. That's a re-facts. What do you mean by that? She said another one clearer. Easy to read. No. Well, I really think that's okay. If that's actually, I don't think that's funny. If I was in 45 votes on the pool about your experiences, your true life experiences on the internet. Which I really haven't had very many. I told you I had two of the ones with my friends from high school a couple years ago, and it was a wonderful thing. We had a great reunion. And I bought them our fabulous dinner because I was by. I'm making a big box. And then this last one, which you just continued, I noticed there are no messages on my, on our my space thing from our listeners out there. So have it at least. He has not any involvement or mid that we know of. You know, or maybe they just don't want to tell me. Or they just aren't paying any attention. You know, I'm saying this very posi- Any of these things. Right. There's eight hundred and eleven people on there. But that doesn't mean they communicated with any one. You know, it's just like I've ignored eight hundred and ten of them all the way. I did find KJ's wife and her wife like a lot now. Yeah. Yeah. He's okay. They were here this morning. Well, they really. Yes. They weren't in to tell me that. I did. You talked over me and like you didn't want to hear it. So I don't want to hear it. And then there's this fact from Jonathan and plantation. It seems to be getting very chronic. He says, tell it. I'll forgive you for making a stupid mistake. And I'll still keep you as my role model. Oh, please cracker, please. Rule model. It says, please, like George says, I'm riveted. The artist is riveted because I want to hear how I am bearous to be greeted humiliated myself. Whatever. What? They want to hear how many times you wipe this morning. Well, you know, I actually didn't have to go and you know this for a fact. Eight, three. And they're talking. Had an item. Quick run back in there again and do a joystick again. Back off on the day. I love Joyce. And it was very fruitful. But anyway, okay, top of the hour I'll tell it. Okay. I want to make sure I have enough time. And you both of you are going to like, oh, brother. What you're going to do to me, you are going to brutal. I'm going to take more crap. The audience don't care because they don't know me. I don't know them. But you guys are just going to brutalize me. We love you. We won't. You're going to. Huh? We won't hold back any punches. But he won't pull no punches. Inside that heart. He'll tell me. He'll tell me. He'll tell me. He'll tell me. He'll tell me. Listen. Don't we respect? I've known for years. You were an old softy. So I am for a cute face. Very wise. Yeah. Hard credit. I'm just a rare people know that. That's warm beating heart on the inside. I am on two generous. I mean, here's the story. I may have to actually cry on here. Like, look, if George Herbert Walker Bush can do it, why don't I can't the old a queen do it on the air? I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Oh, my god. It has brought me more angst and you know something. And why? That's the thing. Because I, you know me, I'm out of sense of the first. I take more crap on a phone on this show for over three. How many years now? About two in a man. So what do I care? You're saying that sense of what you let yourself be. Yeah. Well, for certain people, you know, if somebody that I like and then old a Sunday like taking tear my guts out at that point, it become ultra sensitive. But anyway, okay, Jonathan, in plantation wherever you are and he's becoming kind of chronic. It's not to Jonathan you're thinking about it. Wait, can be James, sure that. Plus he already knows the story. What? And he's also there. Everybody I know is like, you know, give me crap. And that's because I'm stupid. I admit to me in stupid, but that doesn't, that's nothing. That's nothing, excuse for, uh, grow test behavior. The 1,000 and 58 votes on a poll. I'm not going to read the result because it's too, or even that's embarrassing. Okay, let's continue here. And like I said, top of the hour, I'll say to this story and you're all. And every, without exception, every single person is going to say, Oh, my God, you are such a schmuck, but then again, you already knew that. You already knew that. Including you guys. You're going to give me this is most people in my situation is as aggravating as this has been for me. Would never dream in a million years ago on the end tell me story. They never dream of it. But I just, I, to me, it's just, you know, it's crap happens. One of those things, unfortunate that crap happens. You look people aggravate the crap body and get to end and they do. Even people who think that you're a brilliant person and a wonderful person and a brilliant man. Wonderful person and a brilliant man. Right Jacob, a wonderful person and a brilliant man. You should look so on. Oh, my God, I'm an idiot. 10 US troops were killed in a rack yesterday. Major blow on the same day, a high level paneler, Washington recommended. Gradually shifting US forces from a combat to a training rule. I say we bring all the troops sometime for Christmas and let the rackies that they want to kill each other have a good time. Submond, Dreyr, you know? Sure. Much of, uh, raghead, uh, God squad, lure, uh, whatever they are. Lunatics. The bipartisan and a rack study group for least recommendations for changing course in the country. St. President Bush's policy in a rack is not working. The rack you government said the US report did not come as any surprise and agreed to rack must take the lean its own security. Right, we should look so on. The situation is grave. Very grave. In fact, cannot be tolerated. The Iraqi deputy prime minister said on the Pan-Europe satellite TV channel, ARABIA. Absolute dependence on foreign troops is not possible. The focus must be unboasting the rackies security forces. If they can't take your other own, then they'll hold them. The idea that we're sacrificing we got almost 3000 that American soldiers now and for what? For this? For this? For what we got now? A blood band? The US military sent a statement that 10 Americans died in four seven incidents gave no further details. In addition to the 10 casualties the US commenced and two US soldiers were killed somebody in Baghdad, a Navy Sator was killed and by province on Monday. And this crap, well, our thoughts and prayers go out to the family members. If your thoughts and prayers were the family members, you wouldn't have sent them there in a first place. That's my comment about that, bunch of crap. Based on lies, the impeachment proceedings should be going to start. They should be getting ready right now so that January 1, they get them started. January 2, like that. You don't think? Okay? I don't even peeps the whole bunch of them. Cheney and of course the Bush micers go out saying. And then, then daddy can cry. When W gets in, peeps, then he can really, that's what I'm going to break down in tears. Not, I totally essence the truth. I'm not a cryer, yeah. Are you a cryer? Not all depends. What about you, Josh? You cry a lot? No. Probably only on payday. I'm married. I cry, you know. I don't want to. I want to blame you. I feel bad for you. You deserve better. George is a good guy who is life is in a trap. He's trapped. Does anybody in the scrub, on my space, the description is victim of circumstances. That's how right next to the car. He's in a trap and he just didn't. He'll never get out and it's the way it goes. But you do it. Best you can and under the circumstances. How's your, uh, hinders, by the way? George has had got this. And that's him as a miracle drug. I was really, for them for free if they would just give me. I'm sure I'd you feel better because I'm feeling better too. Cause I had a good day at wood by yesterday. Had a good machine, man. It's better that bitch. Can you imagine? Like, couldn't that be my machine? What a, what a comment. I'm real glad you won, but I wish tell it would have been me instead of you. It was basically what she was saying nasty. And I don't like that woman in her first place. He's not the one he's the one to play all the machines at the same time, you know? I got, you know, it's one thing if it's slow and there's not a lot of people around. I'll try different machines to see if I get lucky. Yeah, yeah. But good, galling, Miss Molly. Why couldn't that be my machine? And of course, that made me feel that much better that I just hit the two grand. And that the machine was still hot and continuing to pay like a firecracker. Like a wild machine, man. Because how many times do I go and run off the bat, you know? And the reason I sat down on the fan machine is that we're sitting the wheel was sitting on the thousand. Somebody just hit the thousand out. Most people would say, oh, I don't want to play that one. It just paid. It's not going to pay again. Well, guess what? Surprise. Find the hot machine, man. That's why it was used suckers out there. Why don't play this last? Find the hot machine because generally speaking, it programed when they go through that part of the cycle they keep paying for what? Why couldn't that be my machine, man? The thousand and sixty five oh, son of Paul. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? They're not going to pay. Every ten thousand. Time's up. Legalize him, er, it's a daily, a daily show. We can get to this level. It's the end of the world. They have here a home of old or a Republican. It's coming to a theater and possibly a family near you. Day after tomorrow. There's a child of life. Homosexuals coming out there right now. There's only one. We're going to work. Oh my god. It's the entire line of the drama. The realization of gay men is sweet. You're lost in the subject. Connors after commons. Make sure after nation, state after state. Well, just one state so far, but that's just the beginning. They're everywhere. My job. They're government. Oh my god. I can't believe it. They're even in here. One car. Start in years ago with Ellen's interest. Now, it's a home of public event of global proportion. It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to permit the whole world from the coming day. Or tolerating anyone who is a Jewish double-devil star in the biggest black monster of the summer. Day after tomorrow. He's there when it comes out in theaters this summer. It's 11.02 or five 60 WDQM. So we got the 176 votes on the pool. And here I go and we'll probably have a very bad mistake. And you should have talked me out of it. Hey, don't do it. No, I'm going to feel better. Nobody's business. Don't do it. It's not anybody's business, but it's almost amusing. It's so pathetic. I think it's I need to come clean for another expression. I need to lay it right out there. Maybe you can explain to me. Maybe one of you. I'm certainly the audience one because what they'll do is just jump all over me. Oh my god, I even idiot. When you I am, I'm stupid. I'm like you said a softy. I'm a sucker for people. So to speak. So when we had the MySpace page, which is interesting because it wasn't my idea. It was Miguel put it together and did a wonderful job, by the way. It's quite a what some people might say. Did it for both of us as a matter of fact? What do you mean by that? Well, he put one up there for me too. And then, you know, I get messages and all that same thing. Well, there are no messages by the way. MySpace page. I thought there'd be me right now. I thought somebody out there out of our vast network of close friends would have something to do what tell me about, but they don't. So they haven't let me know that person there haven't been or they just don't want to tell me. That could or maybe they're in on it. So anyway, the bottom line is I didn't pay too much attention that thing. And I was just saying, I saw there was a lot of the neat stuff on it. And I looked at some of that crap and it was great and amusing and whatever. And so, finally, what the, what would they would have been? Was it a week ago Monday? I'm looking on that thing and I see a picture of Jacob. Now, let me give it a little background as because you don't know who this person is. Do you? I do. You mentioned who's the guy that would visit you. You said that. I got the hockey game. Some of the appearances and maybe you saw him on the farm and time. He'd come by with a couple of his buddies. At that time, he was like maybe a 23, 24, whatever. And real good looking young guy and very friendly and, et cetera. And so on. And he came by for a minute or two and, hey, how you doing? And shake my hand or whatever. He could give his hands. And then, run away. You know, like, oh, I better get out of here now. Well, this is again a case of don't, all you facts out there do not get involved in any way with stray cats. Okay, don't just don't get involved because it's always going to be, they're going to rip your guts out. And maybe even in spite of or because of the fact that this one has a gay brother younger, which is on his, it's on his page. So it's not like I'm telling anything out of, I'm not going to tell anything that's like, you know, a secret. Right. I'm not that vindictive or hateful although I should be. So anyway, I saw him lying and I clicked out of thing. There's this profile and then I see a picture, it says, oh, I'm back in town from Lakeley. Well, you can see it if you go on our my space page. He's still on there, which I have no idea why. Because if he's that hostile at this point toward me, he could probably, now you're telling me that the people are on there can take their profiles off. They can opt to not be your friend anymore and then they won't show up on your own. Sure. Sure. He's opted for a thing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. But it's anyway, he's still on there. So I see the thing and I sent him a message. Could remember I asked you how you said a message because I don't know if it about his my space cracker. For kids, it's not for some old troll like me. It's for punks and old trolls and old profiles. Well, I ain't me. In addition, which he's 32 years old, so cut the crap. So anyway, so last Monday, I sent him a message on there and I said, is this the eject from the hockey games above a bond? Sure. And I've never he sent it back in the ha ha ha ha ha. I screwed up that day and Miguel had to a fact. You had a fact, man. Miguel's message. Great. That it is the eject from the hockey games and the story of his life and he's back in town. It loves the show and that's what I'm talking about. So being the old soccer that I'm always ahead in this obsession. What is that? That's how it is with facts, man. I'm sure with straight people to they get obsessed with some hot young chick. And even like I said yesterday, if they're motive isn't necessarily to get in somebody's pants, it's just the way it is. You know, you become obsessed. I'm an obsessive personality when I get in which in my course of my life, I haven't got in that close to that many people. You know. So we started exchanging emails back in fourth and then I said, well, I'm going to be down there and not that distant future. I'm not going to give the dates on here. If I'm going to be down in town, I'd love to go to a lunch or whatever and get together and see again. Oh, great. That would be great. And the audio audio. And this is all, whatever. So after I would say three or four days of exchanging emails back in fourth comes a weekend. And I don't think I can tell the story under it. It's too embarrassing. It's just too humiliating. And I'm sitting here. I'm on the way. We said no punches. We said no punches. You have pulled this smoke. You want to do that. All those retards that you work on their shows man on the weekend. We, we targeted producer. No, I'm going to tell it. So at any rate, it got to a point. And again, this is embarrassing. And it's my bad. Okay, because I go too far too soon with people out of the, maybe scare them away. And that's probably what happened here. But if it's childish, you know, why are you going to be childish when you're 32 years old? So finally, you know, he's telling me the story of where he's been and what he's up to and got the other. And I'm telling him about my life. And I have three great, good, close personal friends. And it's basically, you know, and I'm telling him about who they are, what they're all about. And it's said I'm in someone here in Toronto and to implore to. And finally, it comes to a point where I think on Thursday or Friday. So I said to him, I said, well, yeah, I love to have you be the fourth. Because we're going to go have lunch, maybe go to a hockey game, whatever. Have me, it'd be number four. Because he knows that I'm like obsessed with him. Do you follow? I'm saying obsessed. I've been honest about that. I've obsessed like smitten. Okay. And again, not with the idea of like doing anything because it ain't never going to happen. Plus I've done a lot better anyway. But that's beside a point. But it's just, that's just me. That's an old bag and that's an actual reaction. He should know that. So then this, this is the part that is impossible to tell it. You're just going to, you're going to hammer me. I'm going to have to run out of the room and lock the door and just never come back in here again. I've got nothing but hugs for you. No, you do not. You're going to, like, you're going to say you idiot, you're a crazy, crazy group hug. Because you know that over the years I've been making some serious money. And I have accumulated a very, I'm not going to say how much I'm here. Obviously, I would tell you, but a substantial amount of money. Okay. So, this is not keeping keep working is because I'm such a good guy. Instead of taking all of my money and just retiring right now, as some of the colors would say, my goal is to leave my money. Most of it, or all of it, as much as I can for my best friends. Is that bad? No, I mean, a lot of guys, they work like crazy so they can leave their money to their family. They're heroes who are putting my people at the love and care about it, etc. So at any rate, that was my suggestion that was going to put him in my will as the fourth and ear. This is like conversation number three, he's in the will. No, not conversation number three after a week of emailing back and forth. You know, examine each other's lives and emails from him about what a wonderful person I am and a brilliant man. He's listening to me for years. You just admire his meal. Like I'm the greatest thing on the face of the earth almost. Well, that is stupid. I gotta say. Well, see, I told you you're going to say it's stupid. I'm going to second that, by the way. Oh, geez. And so I said, well, wait a minute. So in an email, I said, I'm going to need your last name to put you in my will. I can't put you in my will if I, you know, the one name you're going to cut it. You know, with a law doesn't work to. And he did eventually emailing back his last name. Well, wouldn't that indicate to you that, hey, sure, I'd like to have all that money when you croak and maybe I'll poison your punch or something. Wouldn't that indicate that to you? That's what I would take from that. Yeah. Okay. So at that point, I contacted your close personal friend Norma Kent and I said, I want this person added on to the fourth area in my will and they got it. And he said, okay, but I'm going to need more information. I need the address, the data birth and the social security number. Which what did I know from that? Right. So I emailed back that I needed that information and void that was the end, man. That was the absolute end. I had one more email. And at that point, I started to get like a little, not a little but aggravated, agitated to say at least because when you make somebody a magnanimous offer like that, you know, the low punch is pulled and those strings attached and making the door. And this is the first, it says, I trust you 100%. I know you're not trying to do this. I know a lot of gay people are not suspicious of you. And he's got all these chicks on his profile page. So obviously, he's to it as an error or so he says. But yeah, so there you go. So that's the story. And then, of course, over the weekend, he just disappeared. And he has given me his cell phone number and I called that a couple of few times. Not a couple of few times. I left messages and then, of course, you get as these things go on and people pretend to be friendly with you and it merits that when you're, and they know that you're smitten and obsessed with them. And they, they just know that they're wounding more and more. And so they just run the other way, you know that much more. So you could leave 100 emails and 10 phone calls on your voice mail. And they just disappear. Have you ever encountered anything like that? Not, not exactly. I mean, I've had people stop talking to me and, you know, I get the hit right away. But it was never, never quite the same thing. And then, of course, the answer, this is why should I carry on. And just, just because I've never had this experience before. Certainly nobody that I had extended that kind of gesture to it. That kind of gesture towards, okay, I told you, you're going to say that I was stupid. And everybody, I know it's told me the same thing. But you know what, it's my money and it's my life and it's my emotions and my feeling. And if I like somebody that, and I want to do something really nice, it's Christmas fun. I thought this would be some more of a nice thing. I could ever do for somebody. And it's like, oh, right. And of course, there are people saying, well, you chased him away. Well, yeah, let's screw it. It's your money. You can be stupid with it. If you like. I am stupid. Didn't I say it in the beginning. I'm stupid. I told you that better go, who it is with me. Such aggravation because I have no idea what this is all about. Whether this is some gain of people or, but I see that's something that bothers me. I don't like people playing games with my life, you know. I mean, for 20 years now, as you well know, I've had one person out there playing game. This is my life in my career. And we all, you know, the unmentionedable one. And it's not pleasant. It ain't pleasant. So that's it. That's so where it is. And so I've gone, and I'll tell you right now, I've gone online. They have all these things where people can, if you have their cell phone number or their name or whatever. And you can, you can, you can, it's amazingly vast treasure trove information. You can find out about people once you have a little bit of information. Of course, why have I found that out? I don't know. I mean, I have no idea why because I'm just wounded. I'm wounded, you know, like that. Like I give a crap. I do give a crap, but it's just a, so that's a story. And I'm very proud of myself having told it. Aren't you? I have proud. No, you're embarrassed and humiliated for me and degraded for the old man being that much. You know, the, the barrisque got so upset that you couldn't do the show on Tuesday. Oh, yeah. That's why I was out to come Tuesday from my kishki's out. I was so aggravated. And again, that's, you know, that's an old queen for. And then people know that and they take advantage of it. And they just tear your guts out. But if Dick Clark is the world's oldest teenager, then you're the one who will roll this teenage girl. That's Boca Brian's line. Right. So you're in the break. You're both going to say, oh my god, why the story old queen, we didn't want to stop stupid. You are. Oh, yeah. Yeah, but the good part of it is he and my will and either want to you by the way. I do the feasting. I do the feast challenge. Thank you for the car, Barst. Forge, where do you find something to you? To deal. God. We have a live by a satellite. Yes, we'll have to do a story. This should be Michael Richards. Michael are you there? A little high. Are you doing? Good. What are you explaining exactly what happened for the folks who made that no? I lost my temper on stage. I was a comedy club. And I said some pretty nasty things to some Afro-Americans. And I'm not even sorry. I'm not a rapist. That's what's so insane about this. Not laughing. Not funny. It is there much more you would like to do. I think it's important to trash talk. The Afro-American community of the blast. Oh, I've got more hate and more rage and more anger coming. All right, take care. How about that? There we can't make it here. I'm sure it'll be all over the place. So there's 20 billion. Yeah, all turned to me. He said, oral. I think that's what he was talking about. 117 of votes on the pool. Now both of you, I'm sure during the break, just trash the crap out of me. And we're doing a stupid stupid lot of moron. But you know something you take a big man, a big old queen to sit. Go on the air with all these thousands of people listening. And it meant to be such an emotional cripple. You know, most people, you know, nobody need to hear of this. I'm innocent Josh. And I will tell you exactly what we said. I'm not afraid about the situation. 1, 2, 3. Nothing. You were supposed to say nothing, Josh. We don't even talk to you. I was going to say nothing. Although I did think of something. That's not her thing. Yeah. Because this is a lesson that I'm learning. Yes. You know that I'm a nice guy. You have a not an emotional cripple. Because you've got to feel that. That might just be. But I'm going to be nice to people that don't deserve it. Yeah. Everybody nice to a father, etc. And I'm trying for my own sake and mental health to just be nice to people who do things for me, rather than just people who don't or random people and things like that. Because it'll drain you as you know, to be nice to people that have no intention of ever being nice to you. Let me just give you a little more background on this. I mean, this is a person that this is not somebody that I saw it out. And like, it was chasing after like for any kind of motives whatsoever. I needed him like any another hole in the head. Right. He showed up on our mice face page and what does he else he said? I had to ask to be your friend. It was a no-brainer. He asked to be my God. It sounds a little childish. But nevertheless, that's what that mice face crap is all about. It is childish. I want to be your friend. But that's what he said. Right. I didn't see him out. I didn't go like doing a worldwide search. Oh, I got to find that Kajikabagena from the hockey games. You know, though you don't see something for like eight, nine, ten years. I mean, I would have side out of mind. Believe me. And also a lot of time for our last for a while, I guess. It was in Lakeland. The point being, there are people who contribute to your life and people who are takers. And I'm going to try to contribute to the lives of people who contribute to my life and not just... I thought this was somebody who would contribute to my life. Because I'm one of those people that likes being around people like that. It's just, well, not that I know. No, no, good looking people that happen to be a hole. That's what it does. That's what I mean. Holes. There's another letter there. A holes. Oh. Well, what do you try and see that my friends are a holes now? You're blinded by your... No, I am not. My good friends are not that nature. I don't have any kind of relationship like that with my good friends. It's a good friend of their occasion. Well, this one, yeah, that's true. If he was on that, I never would have looked at the picture on the MySpace page. All those other people on there, he was a grotesque. If I hadn't known you, whatever. There are a lot of good looking people that aren't worth the crap. And my friend also on his profile on there, there's a whole bunch of pictures of him with his brother and another brother. By the way, not the younger one. A brother in the friend in Vegas and then a mountains and all of the planets are literally great and a real person. You know. But you don't know anything. That's why I'm trying to tell you about this. I'll enter that thing. You don't know anything about somebody until you meet with them or have a ongoing experience. This took a week or less than a week before it deteriorated in the just aggravation. You know, just my eating myself up inside. To the point, I was actually physically earloin Tuesday, which goes to sure what an idiot I am. I'm an old-safie, like you said. I'm a fish buck and an old queen, stupid. Okay, pay plan stupid. Stupid. I'll open up the phone in a minute and then we can take all the crap all day. Then bother me. I don't care. We don't call apologies for it. We all make a whole apologies. I don't shout to buy people or buy my friends or buy anybody else. I just try to be nice to people that I like. That I think are we have a, you know, feel mutually. And this obviously is not somebody who does give a crap about me and is like, uh, behaving like a child. Which some people are childish. They can be 32 going on 12, you know. Or they can be like 12 going on 42. That's what they say on date line. 1112 votes on the pool. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I'm going to get it. You know what I, but I, I think I just, you know, I'm going to pan myself on the back. Very good work. Huh? Yes. Some emotional thing. It's a private personal thing. And I spilled it right here one year. Thanks for me. Huh? You got some about it. It takes, I did take balls to do that because it's a very, start advocating and demeaning thing to admit a stupid thing like that. But that's just me. You know, I get burned for it. I'm trying to, trying to give a little lesson to people out there like Jonathan and plantation. I'm waiting for the, I'm waiting for the follow up facts Jonathan, was it worth it or not? Was it worth all the build up or not? Dominique, you are. Hello. Hey, good morning, y'all. Yes, sir. I think that was a wonderful story. I really do. A wonderful story. Yes, sir. Why was it wonderful? Well, okay. Everybody's attracted to people by the way they look. So that's not a bad thing. Okay. And you can, you've had, like you said, I'm such a, with you. I can somebody sometimes you look people, you look like them. You're saying, I mean, it might have been very similar. It's a little bit, that you offered such a magnanimous gift. You know, in such a short period of time, but you know, what happened to him? That girl from for six months. She got a lot of your own within me. She never asked me for anything. I told her when I got over to get you get the house. My girl doesn't get it. They can have a life insurance. She didn't ask me for a thing. She was shocked. You didn't say, but the fact that it mattered is you know, I want to leave her something and I like her and we're not married anything, but I want to make sure it is. Yeah, it was a wonderful story. Well, see, the thing that really bothers me is if you, if you've gone overboard or too far or embarrassed somebody or they did, all somebody has to do is send you a message back, email back and say, she's that's a really nice general software, but we don't need to know each other well enough. I couldn't accept it. Anything like that. You know, like I managed like a human being. It's just running away like a little child advancing and not responding to any message. It's crazy. Well, thank you. I mean, it's probably a day to you know, it's hard to say. 32. And good 32 is looking George. He's 40 something and he's still swarming in, oh mentally. Well, all are. Okay, thank you so much for tonight's for the support. George, one quick question, George. Yeah. I'm going to answer them and said, you're there and I'm going to bring you back to you. I'd birthday present buddy. Excellent. Okay. Well, I can pay me out for a second. Okay. That actually won't. Right? I would keep bringing one out. I think on it. All right. Put it in two bag. I keep hitting the drop thing on here. I think this is a broken. It's possessed. It is. I think it's evil. Well, how do you like that? The first call around on the bus he didn't call me stupid. He didn't laugh at me like you guys. Oh, my God. Oh, he didn't laugh at you. Yeah, I had you didn't. You were chucks on up your sleeve, man. He was, oh my God. I can't believe that anybody could be this much of a smart. I mean, look at this way. What's on dead? What does this make you believe my money, too, right? What's on croak? Oh, okay. All of the people you leave it to. Yeah. Well, no, that's my point. That's what I'm saying. And the idea at least the way I look at it, because I know what's in my mind. And I have no ulterior motives. And when somebody says, oh, I know that. And I trust you 100%. I think they're full of crap. I mean, for a million dollars, well, I could go out and buy myself a really good time if I wanted to go out and pay for sex. I mean, what is that? Well, I just started after saying a million dollars. That was bad. Not a good idea. That's how much it was though. Now, when you turned down a million dollars, I would not. Even if you didn't know me, would you turn it down? No, you would not. No. Say, well, what a sucker boy. I don't get a croak's real quick. It's just, it's just be ugly. It's just, the more experiences in life you have with people, the more you realize that more often than not, they'll disappoint. And you know that. Oh, yeah. You're well. WQAM, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Let's go. Okay. I can sympathize with this story. I got back in the Southern Middle East last four days after 9.11. And upon arrival, immediately married the woman had been on the internet with and had met on the internet. And I am going. The last year and a half has been the most horrendous divorce. History of all divorces being away to kids. Terrible situation. You know, people really have to mean face to face and get to know each other. And stuff. All this internet is good. You know, get her going. But damn, don't get married. Don't permanent things when with these people. You don't know who you're talking to. You know, a lot of these are sick people. So good luck to you, pal. Sounds like you'll need it. Yep. Keep it going. Okay, thanks. At least I didn't get married anyway. You should have. You should have. You should have. We could have gotten a hitch right here in Toronto, eh. There you go. Yeah. Could have been much worse. I just don't, you know, for the life of me. I'm just a loser. You live a certain, I'm 64 years old. I never thought I would ever have an experience like this. You know, I just, you go through all sorts of things in life. And then all of a sudden, it's like, what is, what's just happening? What is this? What is this all about? You know? Whatever. 26 pounds to eleven and five sixty WDQ and a whole deal. God. Frosty the snowman was a cold name for this guy. He was selling drugs, okay, cocaine for the people who were by. Went down to the village, do you think you'll fly in town? Like Gallagher said, I don't do the drugs. I just like the way it smells. But our friend met a tragic end when one day he was stopped. And after he had made a deal, it turned out to be a cop. Oh, now he's in prison, making love to other men. No, he isn't gay, but he had to face a behavior in the end. You first. I'm from his room from Huston. He's from from the cataclyc and the girl. Huston is from Huston. Huston is from Huston. Huston is from Huston. All because of love. Right, though. Number 32, but there's a lot of interesting things in the end of that. It's, uh, 35 on a full load of 135 votes. I got two on our, on my space already. Next great. Two watch. Two, what? Two messages. Oh, very good. First one from a young couple, undisputed. I don't see their names on here. And I accidentally, well, I guess I approved it. So maybe it's already on the page. I don't know. I'm not really good at how that dancing works. But it's, uh, nice comment. It says, um, well, whatever. He had some kind of experience, but it would be put a loop, but a lot. And people on the internet are superficial and blogs and chat rooms, etc. Mediums of impersonal realities. Whatever that means. I can't read it because it's a bottomist chopped off. That's my own bad printing it out. But anyway, thanks for that. And also, here's maybe the best message in history is from Kevin. Can I read it to you? Please. Here's Kevin's comment. Hey, Uncle Neil, can I be in your will? No. No. It's got a picture of Kevin standing in front of a scoreboard of baseball scoreboard somewhere from about 100 miles away. I don't think so. Kevin, you don't look too good at me. But again, sense of more pictures. 11.35. Oh, my God. I feel like I've just, uh, let my whole life write out there on the end. How's something? It was good. It was a good catharsis for me. Kilt's a good grade. Huh? Kilt's a good turn. I have nothing to apologize for. I mean, being an old softly, there's a lot of people out there like that. I think I'm the only emotional cripple on a face of the planet or even among this audience. No. Haven't been to a lot of people with a best of intentions. You want to do something really nice and it's like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, or, or can there's always the possibility that this whole thing was set up in the first place. Because I've always felt, I mean, you know, as well as I do when we used to do those appearances. Yeah, there are people who bring other people by. It's kind of like, uh, OG, let's watch the old man drew over so and so. You don't get all emotional over this because the cute young guy, whatever you want to say. Mm-hmm. So I have no idea what this was all about. And that's all I'm asking. What was it all about, Alphi? Not that I'm interested in, you know, exploring any further involvement with this person. But just what's it all about? What was this, uh, the story? And that's it. Just give me a little closure here. You know, and of course, you won't respond. I'm sure that I get a lot more messages there on our mice face. Most likely. You think? Absolutely. I mean, we'll see. Absolutely. That's a good idea. WDQAN, hello. You're here for a hand. Yeah, yeah. That's the problem. That's the biggest problem in my life. QAN, hello. No. Yes, sir. I'll pretend I'm gay if you put me in your wheel. Okay, good. WDQAN, hello. Hi, Rod. Well, there's three for one. That's good. When you hit the button and you can get three with a- I heard one, that's the next one. The efficiency. It's economy. Yeah, economy of activity. 560, 560, pound five 60 in the Verizon singular level slide. WQAN, hello. Very new. Yes, sir. First of all, I think I kind of locked out because I let my wife want to cruise. So it's a lot better than the internet. Second of all, as far as your concerns, do you actually meet the guy you met up with them or no? You know, yes, yeah. Oh, in the past. Because the inner piracy is hockey game several times. Yeah, not that they love. Not a long conversation, Randy. Just did something a little bit. Yeah. I'm taking it may not have been him because it's like one of those things you just meet up with someone and then you don't see anyone so they can pretend to be where they want to be. And then when it comes time to get the whole personal information, they don't want to give you anything because it's not who they say they are. Well, what does that mean? Well, I'm just saying it's that it may not have been Jacob. Maybe a guy that was pretending to be him. And then, let me say this. Do you think somebody else would have his profile and put it on our Myspace page and see? I've seen several emails with him all week. It could have been some kind of a stunt by his brother or some of his friends or something like that. Somebody could have been playing game. I don't know. I have no way of knowing. Of course, when somebody will answer their phone and they give you their cell phone number, and then they just don't answer the phone or return your messages. They just have a voice mail. You have no way of knowing who you're dealing with. I don't know. At the same time, you shouldn't feel that bad because if it was a hoax, it's one of those things that at least you didn't go your money away. You know, man. See, one thing about a will is you can change it anytime. You know what I'm saying? Very true. If it was a hoax, I would have found out about it. Gotcha. Well, thanks, darling. Okay. Well, see, one thing on the maze is they're not like laughing at me yet. Like you guys were. I mean, like stupid. By the way, I'm not a green one that guy, but there is somebody out there that is posted a fake thing of me with Neil Rogers show stuff all over the picture of me. Really? Yeah. So, number of us is this whole thing could have been a gigantic hoax? I didn't think so. I don't think so because I mean, when you say more than I know people knew, like you're up fake profiles of whoever celebrities, et cetera. So, this whole thing could have been an elaborate hoax. See, that's theoretically possible, but I doubt it. Well, I mean, that cross don't you think that crossed my mind several times? Then I'm thinking, I don't think this is who he says it is, you know? I mean, the pictures are obviously him. Where would somebody else get those pictures and get the profile from his real profile? Or somebody that knows it? I see. Said the stupid man. Yeah, I think that's the stupid possibility. So, in other words, I got all whipped up and made myself sick and all psychotic. Over what probably is just a scam. It's possible, but I doubt it. I think it's end of the game when you ask for information like a dress and social security number. Maybe that's another reason that there was never any response because those people don't have them information. Certainly would know his last name. I mean, that's a no-brainer, you know? But they wouldn't have that other information. That's necessarily. See what I'm saying? Well, whatever, you know, then see, that's why it's a mystery and that's why you like to find out what the people are playing with you. But I don't think I'll ever find out. At least not directly. I'll find out eventually. I get Shagashala, Holmes, and Columbus on a case. Number 2, who I am, hello? Hey, Neil, I wanted it. Okay, sir. Hey, let's dive in this link to the story you just said. I'm going to put myself in like Jacob shoes as a straight guy, like a fan of yours. I think that I probably would have walked away. You know, I think you rushed it, you know, a week time is not a lot. And, you know, the way we live today with getting away. Well, I wanted to see, I didn't tell you all the whole story. I mean, there's other, I don't want to read all the emails, but there was a point at which he said, I'd be honored to be the fourth member of your close personal circle. I've got a bomb. All of a sudden, you know, a therapy kind of stuff. I was like, I wasn't scaring him away. He was like enjoying it and appreciate him the fact that I was like whatever. Yeah. Well, at least I've died, and that's a little bit different, but I mean, just from a, like a fan standpoint, I think, you know, he would have, you know, optionally been willing to meet with you and hang out and stop. And I think, you know, a couple of months of developing the village. Should I think he would have gave that information? I think you would have had a, you know, a long relationship. But I don't know about the story. Like you said, you're not saying everything that he said. Well, I think that all the emails on the year. I mean, it would be a little over the time. No, but I mean, if he said, I don't know what that means about that fourth member of that. I'm going to turn them. I've got three very close personal friends. I mean, I've got a lot of other friends, but they're not, you know, people I've Trust with my life, but I've got three great friends. And I invited him to be the fourth because we were having that kind of hitting it off on the emails, you know, really well. And like, that's what he, your, your greed. That would be a great idea to be honored. You know, like I'm some kind of a wonderful guy. I think he probably just got a little bit of a good guy. I don't think it's hard. Yeah, I think it happened to put an email. I got a little scared there. You know what I'm? Okay, thanks, family. All right, but a little bit scared. I'd run away from that money, like it was, I don't know, anybody who wouldn't be honored to receive a whole bunch of money. I mean, some day, I'm not planning that. Whatever. We'll be honest with you. I had my, I had my thoughts. Yeah. I would have put him in there. And then we gone through this. So like, oh, maybe he'll jump off the balcony. He's on a high floor, you know. Well, I'm sure you thought also that he might have thought, maybe you really did, maybe not in words, but maybe you did want to be more than friends kind of thing. Of course. Of course that is your mind. That's the problem when you're gay. And you're dealing with some, but again, you're not understanding what I said before. Well, that would make me run away. But then again, you don't have a gay brother. You don't have a whole bunch of gay friends. You didn't send me an email. That says, oh, I have all kinds of, you know, I trust you 100%. I don't question your motives because I, because I mentioned that several times in the emails because I didn't want to just feel that way that I was like, I'm putting some kind of a move on him. You know what I'm saying? Plus he's too old for me anyway. At any rate. So in other words, you would have said, no, I don't want your money. No, that's not what I would have said. Never turned on any of those checks. The biggest name, so best challenge to be the assistant for you and Rogers. One of the foster husband and the other never married. One is falling down from the other must be carried. They become the festive friends. And here's the reason why every move she needs a body for and out of five. Ricky Spears and Karis, don't go in and out together. Waring all their tops and little, maybe she's a leather. Two two fades in, come free and the rules of the game. You have to be a big, you best in show. They're currently part of the Fumma Ransi. You think he's strong? I can't. You're strong. Waking up into a clock and texting on their cell phone. Drinking on a cozy home. Ricky Spears, they hold on. Oh, it's looking so much. We both of their brains. I'm on the fight. He's just here, they've returned. Most of two are with his wife. They go table dancing. We're blowing bubbles with their calm. And he has our pretty good night at the time. We're going to night at the free stuff. And then somehow the whole thing wants to fall off in. Oh, so many businesses. Hope they have a good weekend tomorrow. Who? Who is in this rash? I don't know, but it looks hot. You like him. I want. Maybe Ricky, she doesn't stay there. He doesn't lose her cave, man. Because if she keeps going out with Karis, she'll want to. They make it out with every guy who does the night calm. I have like this. He landed. You show up. You can't arrive. Ricky Spears and Paris. Still to go. Man, I'm together. He being in making each other. Proof. I'm a bad. That is what we're drinking and hanging from the shed. All ears. That's what it's like when your Paris. Still to never meet. There's 14 delunes. Five, six, do you? Do you? If you am so so far, they're not picking on me. That's sweet. In fact, I've even got a message here from Jeff. I thought our mail center on the my space would be just loaded with messages. But now, wouldn't you think? No. Why not? Just guys. You were such a... Anyway, Jeff says it's weird to hear you open up like this. While we're nearly, I don't. I'm not one of those people I want to go to a big song to dance about my personal life on here. It's a radio show. I mean, George is more likely to do that. You know, talk about his drug deal stuff like that. I do. I thought it was miserable. Yeah. Anyway, Jeff says it's weird to hear you open up like this. Anyway, chalk it up to experience and move on. Everyone's been suckered in at once having another. And the longer you are on the net, the more likely you're one of those. Anyway, wouldn't if I were you, I wouldn't be beating myself up like you already said. Beating myself up. Do you think I'm beating myself up? I don't know, but I wouldn't. I wouldn't be unless you were saying I was stupid. Stupid. I wasn't saying the thing of it is I wouldn't do anything evil anybody. Here's all. No. Oh no. I'm just going to kill you. Ah. This is the worst. I normally throw them all away. Greg and Fort St. Lucy, one of the worst groupies in history. As you know, now I want you to listen to this. As you know, I've been a huge fan for many, many years, but I've never realized how truly pathetic you are until today. And you can sling all the insults back you want, but my old calls and facts is help make the show greater than the past. Keyword, the past. Butch up, Greg and Fort St. Lucy. Oh my god, talk about pathetic. If you look at, if you Google pathetic, you'll see Greg and Fort St. Lucy's picture right there. Ah, who would like to stop me at the race track and just, oh, go away, Greg. How do you like that? See, I told you. But again, consider the source in that case, I consider that a high compliment. I'm pathetic. You should be so pathetic, schmuck. And by the way, what time is your show on? It was his calls and facts is that made the show. Oh, right. 560, pound 560, I mean, a lot of kind of rising to get a wireless line. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, don't feel better. I was great, sent you through a fact. You know what? I'm young and hung and I'll show you the time for me. Yeah, I bet you what, yeah, for me, you and Bucks. Yeah, you're going to get a lot of offers now. I'll take a major in Bucks from here. All these punks, yeah. Young and the ought to be slung. 1172, I'm a fool. I think by newer hair, but damn close to 1200, that's pretty darn good considering. I would be, I thought the mice-based thing would like be, you know, like a treasure 12 information on there, but it's not. And again, see, I don't think it is a phony. I thought of that many times. I don't think it is. But there's too much information in there. You know, in other words, when you're faxing back and forth, when you're changing emails back and forth, not faxing. When you're email, there's just too much information about like one certain picture where it was done of course it could be, like a relative, could be a brother, a friend, some wise guy who's just trying to do that. Like he said, use his profile and stick it on there, and then play games of it. Could be. But I doubt it. But they're not going to get any money. And either see, WQAM hello. Hey, sir. Are you doing? I call the Congress just order Chinese food, the tip for other. And remind of me of the whole Thai town. He bit, could you play that please? I'll work on it. Thank you, sir. See, I guess I'll work on it. See, what does that have to do with my life? You know what I'm saying? I'm pouring my guts out of it. This is so typical of software, man. I don't respect anybody like Kran on their shoulder, but or reaction or response, something even when I'm more on what a prophetic, something. And there's still call it making stupid answer quite. But it's coming up soon. It's all request December. Man, oh man, oh man, how have I done it? I'm a survivor. No question about that. I am a survivor. A smock, but a survivor. WQA and hello. QA in. WQA in hello. WQA and hello. Okay, it's soon around. Let's go for three. QA and hello. QA in. Yeah, like talking to me, please. Speaking. No, what's up, bud? How you doing, pal? Big fan of yours, dude. I'm a... ...jadeist brother. Yeah. Yeah, we just called. I just wanted to call up the... ...say, let's let's hear a first name. John. Yeah. Now we just wanted to call up the saving and like that. That, you know, we like jazz dance and... Yeah. Right. 560, 560, pound 560, maybe Jacob is mother and law. And pound 560 in the Verizon Civil de Wrathless Line. John, my ass. WQA in. 2 AM. Now, Neil. Yes. And Neil, let me start by saying I don't really... ...jumani. However, I will say that I grew up in Miami, ...but listening to you. She's since I was very young, 43 now. And now... Hi. Hi. I'm S.C. Ray. Yeah, I have. And you know what? You've given me many, many hours of entertainment. Laptor and I appreciate you. Well, that's great. And that's all I got. Okay, thanks, sweetheart. Bye. Bye. See, she's trying to make me feel better. She's doing a little kissing kissing. Right, yeah. Yeah, you're in the wheel, sweetheart, for about 50 grand. Then that's a good idea. Let's do a show. And then we'll like... Yeah. Based on the best call, we're sucking around and kissing out to me. I'll do a little, you know, a certain amount. Oh, that was a great call. 20 grand for you. And then I'll turn off the balcony. No, then just have a spite, I'll do 100. Keep in mind, both my parents lift over 90. Okay? I just mentioned that in passing, and it's 187 on the scale by the way today. Good. I continuing losing weight like crazy. It was wood by Wednesday yesterday, so I... Oh, I didn't have to be there that long. Thanks, the Lord. I had her hot machine. Why couldn't that be my machine? Oh, oh. I mean, there's a lot of A holes in me down there in the world, but that was just why couldn't that be my... Because you were losing honey, you were an exesco home, and she did. She lost her ass into at home, and I was delighted. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hi. Yes, sir. You know, I just want to say excellent, excellent radio. Your story was... I mean, I mean, well, no, it's great radio, and it's great for a lot of reasons. No, it's dramatic, but it's also something that everyone can relate to. I think. I mean, I know, I have known a few people, some in my brother, in my family, that, you know, you find out he does these really, I guess the word is Magnaminous things for people, and you go, what... You did what you lent money to who? You know, he's lent money to people that are admitted Con artists. And that's great. And you know, it's just stressing, you know, but it's human. But I'm not, I mean, I'm a generous person, but I'm not as a habit of putting people who are personally strangers in my will. But in this case, it just... it developed very rapidly and it was situation where I thought it would be a really nice gesture. And if the... and listen, if the person... if you, you know, interact with the person and they turn out to be a real A-hole, you can always change your will. It takes like five minutes to do that. One phone called a my lawyer and change your will. That's true. That's true. I'm about that guy. Whoever this guy is, he's one of the few people I've ever heard of that... that would let his homophobia or whatever it is. He doesn't have homophobia. He's got a gay brother and all these gay friends. He said in his office where he works, he's one of three head of rosexuals that works in the whole office. Everybody else's gay. Well, everyone always says that everybody has a price and money, you know, every money rules everything and everything. So I'm just surprised that this... it didn't happen here. It's either has a real fear of something or a being maybe exposed, so to speak, if I can say that, or... Well, I think that's what I'm talking about. He said he has a... he gave me a cell phone number, but he's got an unlisted homophoned number and this is somebody that just moved back to town. I don't understand what. I mean, I have unlisted numbers, which are unfortunately I gave to him, so who knows what's going to happen with that. But I have unlisted numbers because I'm a public figure. I don't want people bugging me, you know. But why would somebody 32 years old have an unlisted phone number? Let's see that also raised questions. I mean, there's just a lot of questions there. Yeah, you know, questions. But I'll tell you this. You can have my name number, social care number. Anytime, anytime, anytime. Okay, I'll put you there for 10 bucks, Sally. Thanks. Thanks, bye-bye. I didn't like that. What do these people are awfully nice today? Kissy, kissy, aren't they? Yeah, for some reason. What would you mean by that? Everybody you are such a certain man. There's a lot of nice people out there. We just don't usually hear from them because I usually don't call on you with all these hearts and flower stories. Oh, gee, what am I going to do? Yeah, I like that. I'll survive. Like I said, I'm a survivor. This was a very gut-wren. It just, you know, when you try to do something nice for somebody, and they respond by like ignoring you, to me, see, probably a lot of people wouldn't care. They just forget about it. But to me, the most, one of the most gruesome things you can do to somebody, is just ignore them. And I'm saying, not answer their phone messages, not answer their email. Just ignore them and just shine, total shine. That frost my ass. You know what I'm saying? Am I the only one who feels that way? I was going to not answer to be funny, but it would be hard to answer. Ah, ah. 1197 on the pool of you ever met anybody in there in a no 451. Don't chat with anybody online, 378. That's like 60%, and 9%, almost 70%. And consider yourselves very wise. Maybe my story will be awarded the wise. Don't get involved with people on the internet, even if you think you know them a little bit. Yes, turn out well. Too, oh, wait. Well, congrats. Yes, good and bad results. 57. Yes, disaster. 56. In fact, that's our new model on QN. This is disaster 56. I hate this pull 23 only 1.9% and I hate the internet. 14. They're on it, but they hate us. The biggest name, so best challenge with the basis of me who rock. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape up all, I listen to the heel rodgers 12 to 1 hour. Dating the drunken after is a little short ball guy who stayed up fast. His bedtime, cause you let George Clooney buy. He had some limon shell-oars. Codant's of a healthy buzz. He went to be on the view. Where he thought it was cool too, cause. They knew Danny was really smart. When Duffy, those said, Rosie, you are such a delight. What give me my date tonight? Now all laughing at him like British like all panties. Danny's the fengest actor. Another pressure lab rat. You're Tom Danny, you go boy. 12.15 or 60. Maybe he's just reacting to his role from Kukus. That's what he thinks. That's a bit. 190 9. We give one more photo and we'll have 1200. We've got a couple more messages on our mice face. I thought they'd come pouring in there. It's been a long time. A lot of people are working in the evening when they get home. And playing games with other people stuff that day. Here's Frederick on there. Frederick's online right now. Don't you love that when it says online? OK. Sure. In fact, that's another thing I've got into. And I think you were partly responsible. I guess I just discovered that. If you look at your mail on this, my space thing. And under the picture, somebody if they're online. And then, did you explain that to me? Doesn't necessarily mean they're on the my space. And they're just on the internet. They're signed on and haven't closed their browser. No sense. They signed on. They're just off. And you just ex out of a browser completely. It's still going to say you're online. I see. So in other words, all the emails that were on answered last couple of days. And I would look and I would see that the Jacob was online. See what I'm saying? No, no, no. Maybe he's really my email. Huh? Not necessarily. What do you mean by that? I've been signed in, but not necessarily, you know, at his company. But they signed in for long enough to have read the whatever I'd written. And not responding. See what I'm saying? If in other words, if enough days go by and somebody doesn't reach fine. It's not like they didn't see them. And anyway, Fredrick says, I'm not real good at this stuff. I want to get on your friends list, but I don't know how to do it. Well, why don't you have Miguel take care of that? I'm not going to start answering these. You know, I have to answer these. I don't know how to do it. Right. Right under the line words. It says Sunday. I'm not going to send the message on to stay. I'm not going to have on that. Plus, Fredrick is, you know, too old for me. No, seriously. I mean, Fredrick looks like a fan of the group. People, whatever. In other words, Miguel can't do that. No, no. Fred's with that many issues. You can handle this. Fredrick can do that. And if he says he doesn't know how easy. He's in the one. Two stupid right. Or he's wrong. I can Fredrick. Yeah, I'm going to meet him. So you're getting the motion like me. You're not going to see with me. It's a love. I'm a loving person who it was. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Otherwise, I don't love Fredrick. I don't know Fredrick. Maria says, if that guy or don't, no, I sure won't. Not that I wouldn't have liked to once upon a time. I mean, I'm not going to kid you, but that's another lifetime. I don't miss with the, you know, I don't miss with listeners. So far, to that right now. Not that I haven't met some over the years. I wouldn't like to have met with it. I sure weren't going to mess with me. But at any rate, if that guy or don't know if that's it. Might have been stupid doing or saying what you did. But he's the real dumbass for turning you out on your dough. She says, I have a significant other. So I come across many wax abs myself. Or I don't know. My reading or maybe I don't. I see part of this is chopped off. Don't set yourself short, maybe you're a very kind person. And people ought to be putting you in their will. I agree with that. Maria, thanks, sweetheart. You'd like Maria by the way. I don't know if that's really hurt in this picture. But you'd like Maria. Well, if you say Maria that sent me the birthday present, that was best present. I got yesterday Maria. Thank you very much. Neil, I don't know what she said. She was going to give you on here and I had a book. No, I don't know. I got an email from everyone. I think it might be the same way. That's present. Yeah. All the traditional stories that we're like operating my life for like CT and yours obviously be well, something. Be good. Be nice. Probably one on the pool. All the himnet strange people all the time, all the mystery. We're sure not doing much to enhance my vault of information here about this first Nary. Nothing. Mysterious. Ooh. 567. 560. Spooky. Remember that in the, tell them, Mr. Ripley was there for us to watch. Spooky spooky. That was a jude law. With Matt Damon. Matt Damon. Remember that? Spooky. Because they were on the train together. The police kept putting his head on a jude law shoulder like and he, you know, jude was a little bit short. Little slow. Little slow. We didn't until I got into that tub. He wanted to remember wanting to get into bathtub with him. Yeah. And jude law said, I don't think so. And that said, Why not? Thought you could weigh in. Hello. QAM. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. What, what? We're all, um, I'm, 2, 195 pounds. My hobbies are, tip to, tip to, going through the two of us. Ha ha ha ha. Tip to four. I thought for sure he says something else. Yeah, he did, but he corrected himself. Oh, yeah. Well, we know exactly what he meant. Tip towing through the very similar set of skills involved in that one. And, in fact, he sounded a little bit to me, like. Oh, do you know where in such a show? I'll show you how to play phone. If you do this, please. There you go. I don't know what else is in that, so a better chopper right there is a good idea. What a dog chopper dog. That's what I have in mind for you now, Jake, and what a dog chopper dog, but that's another story. I don't have anything in mind. This has just been a real good catharsis. I'm so glad I taught myself and doing this. It's fine if you're saying, oh, don't do it. Now what he said, Josh, don't do it. Yep. Said a twice. And I gave you a great opening there where you could like, oh, you're so stupid that you're in and laughing me and make fun of me. And I mean, I don't know something. I'm still making a big bucks. Yeah, I mean, I find life in spite of all you were a derogatory, sharing them with people that talk behind your back. Right. Who are in my will? 124 votes, and you're not. On the table. 560, 560, even though I don't. They do. Pound 560, and they've arrived singular, wireless line. You can talk from now until the end of time and it can change nothing. Why? She think I think that it will. You know you won't. Right. How many QAM? Hello. You got the wrong impact. I put you in there for about 50 bucks. QAM. Hello, you know. Yes, sir. I'm going to write a letter. How you doing? Good. How you doing? I'm going to write a letter about the guy, Geek. You know what I wish to listen to the birthday. You play a, I will, so buy it. By the time I run, so can you play that? Do you understand a word that he just said? It's what he or people. I don't understand a damn thing. He's making me Quest, okay? I'm going to about that guy and I'll do something for me. I'll play it. Go play with yourself. Okay. Get lost. And learn how to speak at English. Speak at English for quite an hour. You are really good. Oh, I got it. I'm saying that right now. Shmuck. Maybe you just had a bad phone. It sounded like he was talking through a string. It did sound like a bad. I'm like he was stringing or some bad phone. Go up. Take up a collection. Okay. Go out on the street corner. They're by the sub center. But a tin cup. Take up a collection and get enough money to buy a cell phone. Wouldn't it be good? That would be. Even the cheapest ones, even the ones that they give away. They throw money at you just to take it. Sound better than that thing. Come on. 104 votes on the pool. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 leave horizon and singular wireless line. WCQ, I am. Hello. Neil. God, please. Yes, sir. Speaking. Neil calling from Fort Myers. Hell. And the brand-up. It's horrible. And I believe in the hell that you leave your money to. I'm trying to pick up what the theme here and that is because. I'm trying to pick up what the theme here and that is because. I am coming in and it goes out. Yeah. It's horrible. Well, good luck to you, pal. Get out of that place as soon as you can. Here's a fact from somebody that says Uncle Neil. I think it took a real man to tell everyone and their mother your story. However, since you left that out, aren't you where they will have people wanting to become your friend? We're only interested in getting into your will. Automated care about that because then it can happen. I learned a very embarrassing lesson. And of course, the idea is that I wouldn't see. I don't think people understand that. And I had an email. And one of the many emails that I didn't get a response to. And that is he knew Dan Well. I mean, you have to be stupid. You know, that's very slow. I mean, I understand young guys can be slow. But then I was like, he was one of my really very favorite people. You know, all the over the years, all the people have come to their appearances and the games and, you know, and kiss my ass. No, he was one of my all-time favorites. It's so, it's not like anybody who was listening around there. Even if they look good, I would say, oh, gee, I want to be, you'll be one of my really great friends and leave you in my will and make a difference in your life stuff. I wouldn't do that. It would only be him. See, that's my, that's my luck. That's my luck. See, in other words, can you imagine if it would have been from Greg from 14 Lucy, see, a habit of wanting to be friend him and put him in my will? Maybe get a hitman, something like that for Greg, but not the, you know. So that's the deal. But I thought, yeah, I'm still on panting myself on the ass. I don't even feel good. Not as fast as you used to be though. Twelve away in the pool on the internet. Don't, don't get carried away with people on the internet. You'll be, you'll live to regret it or maybe not. Somebody to chew my in, hello. Maybe mocha to him. Yeah, that could be, it maybe mocha had something to do with it. Don't know me. WCWN, hello. QAM. And he just van it. Just like a puff of smoke. You don't really to that. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. But we got a run today. Wow, this is really special now. This is really special. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I thought after I burst out with that, I thought the, it would be the response would be Unloading you. No, even. Cause it never is, no matter what it is. If I want to hear it there, it's, it can't you do that. I'm waiting for such a hell. Then, then, then, then. Yeah, it's all about him. And maybe that's what this is all about too. It's a south Florida, like part of the illness, part of the disease from there. Fumbling its way back up to me here. You just can't get away from it. Right. WCWN, hello. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. WCWN, hello. Yes, what is the link? The my space link. Oh, it's my space. What is it? For it's my own. Oh, it's my own. The space.com slash Neo God. Thank you much. Okay. I like that there's somebody I want to go on here and leave your friend. The friend you're Jacob in as well, or maybe be my friend. Can I be my friend, Godfather? Oh God. No. You see, it's one thing if he has somebody who's going to be your friend who can do something for you. We're like, pull some strings and get a couple of hits, a range, things like that. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. WQAM, hello. I'm always. QAM. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Hi, buddy. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. Hi, do I. I'm a Cuban mountain neighbor of Georgia. I wanted to mention that I don't know if you realize that the yesterday was also the anniversary of the day or the year, whatever that you can, the bird's nest. Yeah. I considered it an early birthday present for me, my mind's tomorrow. And I remember, I remember amazing that everybody would keep track of something like that. Then it's shocking. Yes, but it's close to your birthday. It's stuck with me all this time. I loved it. Well, in that case, let me just say, have a happy. Thank you, sir. You're welcome. I like that. It's all about them. You're right. 121, 121, pull. You're right. It's all about them. Remember, Mimi Rogers? Yeah, I do. Just coming Mimi Rogers. Have you ever met anybody on the internet? No 484. Don't share with anyone online 384. 69.5%. That's good. I feel really good for those people on jealous. Yes, turn out well to 50, even more jealous of them. Yes, good and bad results. 61. Yes, disaster. 58. I hate this pull. 231.8%. I hate the internet. 14. They're on it. They're dealing with it. But they just like anything else in South Florida. They hate us. The biggest name. So for this challenge to the business, we will rock your ass. Watch, solid. We all know who Charlie Christmas is. We all know who Charlie Christmas is. But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's up where he's just been a like to totally pour a gun. But he's got a secret that I think you should hear. We all know who Charlie Christmas is. We all know Charlie Christmas. But if you know Charlie Christmas, that's straight, he's up where you're fair. All of the buzzer than we who you are. We've been for our foley. And what happened this year, we all know Charlie Christmas. We all know Charlie Christmas. But if you know Charlie Christmas, that's straight, he's up where. From 18 at 5.60, WQAM. 1231 votes on the pool. The internet's baby. That's where you meet and greet. And your life turns to. Oops, can't say it. First of all, the ass. Sorry. Yeah, slime turns the slime all the time. See, there's another thing that I'm really wondering. If that's a legitimate thing, how come somebody who's involved in the midst of this, and I'm discussing it on the internet for a couple of hours today? Why would his profile still be on our my space page? If you're telling me he could remove it. Which he's online right now, by the way, your friend, your close friend, that you want to be while your money to. And I think that the reason I'm not getting the response I expect is because the overwhelming majority of the audience out there are thinking, oh my God, is this a putster-wide? What are the silly old queen? You know like that? What's wrong with being a silly old queen, huh? You're business. It's my business, it's my life, okay? It is what it is. Just like Banjo, we said it's my life, and it's your wife, and what I'll take mine. 567560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon and SIGGETER wireless line. WQAM, hello. QAM? Yes. Hi, how would I get a message to the illogeries? You're speaking to him. You got to write it out on a clean white sheet. Just pay for him. What? I said this is he, what can I do for you sir? This is Neil. What am I? I... What's the message? What is the message? I want to know if you and my will. Well, I'm not fooling about your will, sir. If you're a... if you're Neil Rogers, I want to mention to you, if you are Neil Rogers, you would know what I'm talking about. About 30 years ago, I went to a hockey game, or some kind of a sport game, and I met you, and that was very impressed with you. Uh-huh. And the next... I mentioned that you always had that seat at that particular sport, every game, and the next time I came, I brought you some fish for the Godfather picture, the Godfather. Yeah. You know the movie? The Godfather? Yeah. Yeah, vaguely. Every river, yeah. Throwed a bit. You're gonna have to talk to me. Everybody. I have a lot to talk. I'm the guy, well, thank you so much, and have a great life, okay, and be with me. Come on, come on, I'm 24, that's what we got on a pole, 1234 baby, we are kicking some serious smelly ass, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, wow, wow, man, South Florida. See now, I feel like it wasn't even worthwhile, that I like buried my soul in my gut, it was good for me though, I knew it. It was good. It was great. It was very cathartic and therapeutic for me, and I don't feel like some kind of a silly old fool. I feel like, you know, I've just been the maid to feel bad. We're no reason at all. You're a very generous and wonderful human being, with a brilliant mind by the one. WDQAM, hello. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir, how are you? Well, thank you. You've been dying for great phone calls, so why don't you, like, for two, three months in a row, say, whoever has the best phone call will be in my will. Right, I guarantee you you'll have this hours on hours of great phone calls. Yeah, and then we'll put them on. We'll take their name and address and throw it in a trash, right? Yeah, I'm there, exactly. Yeah, that's how it is. Yeah, that's how it is. You're right. They all want something, man. And I'm not going to give it to you for free. They want something. Well, I'm sorry, the free ticket. Everyone calls is real nice. See you, and everything. Yeah, the free food is good calls. So I'm panning. And by the way, you went and you were going to be in it. If you were, what's your business? But in response to him, if you offered a million dollars per call, you still couldn't get a good one. Oh, that's about ability, not design. When you remember the times we give the tickets away, we call it. We have to say, you have to have something to say. And they would pretend that they were saying, talking about something. Oh, and by the way, could I have the tickets? Oh, what a waste man. Florida is just, I mean, just look at the map. All the swill from everywhere else in the country just kind of runs down to that peninsula, man. Just, oh, it's just like sludge at the bottom of a septic tank. Oh, I smell it. No, but do you see what I mean? Why would somebody still have their profile on it? The thing after this, because obviously it's going to be, you know, although maybe they're won't be. I'm looking for a lot of messages for me on there. And I see like what are my heads of our four or five? Maybe they're about maybe that thing is highly overrated. And again, keep in mind, we've only got eight hundred and eleven people. Friends. Right. The Montenegro. It's a time of day thing and most people accept those people that make it their life. Don't interact with their mind. I have a lot every hour of every day. Right. Check it with it. Maybe once a day in the evening or every other day or like me, once a week. But that would be, but I, you know, I kind of asked for that. And that would be a way for them to communicate with us, immediately if they, you know, if they're in the computer. If they're in the computer enough to vote on the pool, we have 1236 votes. See what I'm saying? They certainly could be on that thing, but maybe it's just not the same crowd. Maybe the mice face people don't vote on our pool. Maybe the ability to achieve for other pools. I don't know. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, that was quick. How you doing, you know? Okay. Just, I only have a question for you. I heard the story and everything. And if you feel like you know, you got to have your guard up. Now, like if you, you just write it off the, you really need to make any new friends. So it's just curious. I mean, I mean, it's funny. I just, from my, from, it makes you much more wary of other people. It makes you really nervous about getting involved in anybody. Yeah. I mean, even face to face is like, you really don't know people. Yeah. I mean, you know, you get to know them. You think. And then I mean, I'm similar to parents here. Like, where the girl wasn't on the internet. But it's like, you know, it just screwed with me so bad. Like my guard is up. But I couldn't share a left to even make a friend of her, like, have a relationship. So, you know, screw it. Talk it up, you know. I'm not going to learn Jacob and I are going to be having any, you know, intimate relationship in a cat time zone. No. It didn't appear like you didn't sound like that. What's your, your, your intent was. All right. I mean, it was not. Absolutely. It was not. I don't, I don't play that game. Believe me. Especially, uh, uh, I'm fine. Yeah. It's your age. You know, you've got to share. Yeah. And, uh, you know, it's just, it's just too bad. You extend your arm of friendship out. And a friendship out. A friendship out. A friendship out. A friendship in somebody took a machete and just topped the right off. I got all that shit. My dad, you always say, so he's, you're around to help people in their whatnot and they just busted off. Hey, man. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Yeah. I was thinking it was like, you know, and I don't want to make it into a sexual thing because it wasn't. But it's like bringing somebody right to the edge of orgasm and try to then chopping their, uh, member off, you know, taking a machete and just slicing it right on. See that? Ha ha ha ha. Oh, brother, what a life. 244 votes on the pool. We're the warning. Stay off the internet. Except to vote on our pool. And of course, on our lovely mice, face page. Maybe there's some more messages on our mice page. You think? See, I don't know whether it'll love that page now or they hated because I don't pay very much attention to it. You could be an idiot. It goes to show you what bad luck I have. I had good luck at wood vine yesterday, but generally speaking, I may have been very lucky in some other ways in life. But, uh, the times when you're just unlucky, like no green said, or was it, uh, what's in there? What is, uh, somebody? It says, uh, what does it say? EM and said little puppy. You know, the little puppy dog. Of course you don't pay it. So it is like, uh, it says, uh, cheer up old man and you live and learn. Well, I'm just cute. I'm putting that right on there. You live and learn. Cheer up old man. Like it. Here's another one. It says, I've been loyal fan for the past 16 years and a proud atheist. Thanks to you. I'm spreading news around. You go and solve whatever your name is. Thanks to many of it says. And I'm still not putting in my will. And he's on live right now. As a matter of fact, that's will. That's what it says underneath. I'm lying now. It's got that little orange thing bubbling. Well, that's what we're saying when you see that somebody is online and you think that maybe they're going to like, uh, and here's a Tracy. Tracy from Norma. She's a sweetheart. It says, you seem to be dealing with a situation really well. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Oh. Now you know how much I hate being out sick. I'm just not one of those slackers. I don't like to come into work that finds an excuse. Sure, we believe. And on Tuesday morning when I came in early and I said, you got to do the show to them. I'm ready. I'm like having an nervous breakdown. I think I was a Sudie pressed. And I was in no mental shape to do the show because you have to be, you know, do this show. A George knows this. You have to be in a certain frame of mind. You know, so we're going to talk crap for four hours. Absolutely. But anyway, I'm dealing with a really well-tracy right. And I'm selling as it undoubtedly is whether the guy who was what he said and is therefore an utter bastard or is being impersonated by somebody else. It's not worth your time or your money, obviously. You've got a ton of silence support from all of us and I appreciate you sharing the story with everyone. It's unbelievable that someone would try to take advantage. But we all know the world is full of less than savory characters. That jacket should know better than mess with Neil God. Thank you Tracy. That's really sweet. And I love the first part. I just seem to be dealing with this really really well. The biggest thing. So, best challenge for the business with Neil Rogers. Six hundred. God. And a million years you'll never believe it. You've got to reply. I'm going to head south and run. I want to go home with a living to go back. I'm home at here to find my best. I'm going to live where even you can't have come like my writing from me. And I was so happy and great. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die. I want to live where I can't breathe anymore. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die. i wanna. i wannaIT i wannaIT i wannaIT I don't get high at all in the calendar in April, but the 9. No, 34 or 266 a month. We're Sponsored by Email. If you want to have an email, while I'm talking, or I'm here to reset your email, it's tools. I'm free, and all that is of means of Teleport. To show you my electric disabilities, our system as well, is already in the opening QUK. of dealing with people online? Is you know who's on the other end? It says, need, oh, what's going on with you today? You're being so unfair. You have to look at it from my perspective. I reconnected with you after a year or so, because a year or so, because I always looked up to you as a friend. I didn't reconnect with you for anything other than friendship, anything else. Nothing I'd like to make very clear is that I appreciate your offer, but it's not what I want. I don't need anyone's money. I happen to be very lucky I have a great job and make great money, and I'm saving properly to ensure a smooth retirement. Unlike most of your callers looking for a hand out. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Right now, for a little Jacob, now come on. How can you seriously sit there and make me feel bad on the radio when I have no way of defending myself? What you doing if I write news and I'm reading, and I want to give you all the defense, but I could have called in, you know, the number like everybody else. That's not fair. You must imagine the fact that you really don't know people. Well think about this. I really don't know you. I spoke to you through several emails and all of a sudden you want to include me in your will. That's not the norm. The guy that called, yeah, was normed can. The guy that called earlier was correct. It's very odd position to be put in. I didn't answer the emails until I could come up with a proper response. A little on a slow side this week until I can come up with a proper response. Plus I have a life I work 24 or 7. I'm not on the internet all the time. Can't sit by my computer. Responded every single email it comes through. It's impossible. I checked my my space page and my emails every other day or so. I'm disturbed by the fact that some of your listeners are about money. It's shocking to see how many dumb asses out there really out there. Those are the people who need to work hard. Not about I'm not about handouts, but as I previously mentioned, I appreciate the offer. So if you're feeling you need to continue to bash me on the radio, that's up to you. It seems to make great radio. Jacob, PS don't worry. I'm not going to give out your phone. I'm not like that. Well thanks, Jacob. Somebody make a that. You're taking. Uh, take it for where it's worth. Sounds sincere. Doesn't need your money. Well, let me ask you how many days you have to have to go buy and how many emails you have to ignore or phone calls. I message you ignore before you finally make that comment. I really appreciate it, but I don't want it. Now, if it's something important like that was obviously I would be replying right away, but I'd generally. So in some of these leading you voice mail saying like, you know, I'm getting really agitated and what the hell is this all about? And where he disappeared, doing what's the problem? I mean, it's it's the right I get busy enough where I can't return somebody's email for a couple days or a few days or a phone calls. Just one thing leads to another. That's entirely possible. Well, isn't this sweet? And then he was, think those other people are going to be happy that they don't have to share that money. You are just brutal. You really are. All this not taking a lot of crap. Everybody I know it gives me the same old, you know, just like you're giving me crap. I don't, I don't apologize. Okay, that's just me. And again, I thought I'm a fool. I thought it would be a really nice gesture. And if somebody was just sit and solve it by that's all I had to do was say that. Don't you think I wrote that in one of the 80 million I answer emails. Don't you think that I probably wrote that? I don't know. I guess well of course I do know. You don't want it. Fine. No problem. It's over the top. No problem. Just say so. That's all say something. That's all. Just say like the thing with the bird. I hate the bird. Play something. Say something. Anything. You know, and here it is because I go on the air with this, which I'm so glad that I did. And now I get a response. But I'm being unfair. In fact, I think I'm pretty proud of myself because I told without reading all the emails, which would be, you know, nobody's business. But without going in all detail, I think I gave a pretty good description of what this last week's been all about. We're going to have almost two weeks now. Just don't deal with, don't deal with, don't deal with, and again, I don't know who this is. You know, it could be a phony email address, it could be anything. I don't think so though. Hey, you know what? This is the thing that's going to bother you really badly. Okay. No, I'm not in the scottling of my will. I'm sure not leaving any money in my will to somebody that don't want it. But I still like them. Why do you think that would bother me? Because it just reinforces what a pathetic old queen I am. That's all. You know, when you're obsessed with somebody, it just doesn't vanish, you know, when you're really just an I am. And then you could have changed. Although, I mean, you know, nothing is going to be any great friendship there because I think that that probably ain't going to happen anytime soon. You never know. You never know who knows. Twenty seven seven seven votes. So, there I am. I'm being unfair, but I think I, you think I was unfair? I don't know. Well, I read the host's whole response back. How could I be unfair? He's got a great job. He makes some serious money, and he's doing really well. That's one of our hand out. See, I know that's kind of over the top. Hand out. That's how we got to be. Huh? That's how we took it. Well, I mean, what's I, quote, what if this is make who gets the money? I'd rather leave it to people that I like and, you know, or did like. But it anyway. I'm glad you're so good, you know. In fact, you people in the audience should take a good lesson from Jacob. Okay. Yeah. Really, if you know, if they're doing well, they don't need my money. They're going to grow egg merchants. They're all begging for my cash, man. They want to be in that will. And the answer, of course, is no chance. No way Jose. Love you, Jacob. I just said that I'll repeat you. Why? I mean, I was, who knows, maybe I still mean it. Why would that aggravate me? Because it would because after all this angst and spend it a whole day, I'm sure on this here today, that would agitate the craft. We might Jacob, but just make great, ready. I've seen what he better than that. What do you mean by that? Look, for all this time, you haven't had to depend on calls or reading stories. So it's great. You mean for what? Since about an hour and forty minutes, I don't think, I don't think. And again, if you had any idea how many unanswered emails were saying, if you did, if you're offended, if you're pissed up, this is a so-and-like closure. There's a little closure. Everybody needs a closure life for some episode, right? Right? That's all. Just say he get lost a little queen or whatever it is. But no, just ignore ignore. I don't like being ignored. When people know that you don't want to be ignored, it's just the way it is. Twenty-two-one, well, what a soap opera that I got news for a guiding-like's got nothing on this, which had some of that soap opera music. How about some bodywash? But a bodywash opera, how's that? So-poppers are like two or girly, but bodywash opera, like Didas, Adidas for real men. Oh, great, you sound. I want some wind, you may see, don't have a white black grey wind. Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. These are what ball-paved do, a silent wall of peace. You can't even get that I want to do, that's really real to me. I want to give to go on a date, but there's no chance at all. So does the way feel sports-quidded if I want to see a brand of balls? Don't pay the ground. Look at that kid. You ain't cheap, don't have a black grey wind. Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. I've got a high-level history that helps me see his balls. I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get done. No-the-day is a Norwegian school, okay? That's not your great, but I'll go to the mountaineat. At least until he's 20, I'm great. Now I want some wind, you may see, don't have a white black grey wind. Oh, baby, wow. Look out that kid. You ain't cheap, don't have a black grey wind. I'm just a braiding picture in my balls, I guarantee that. That's for you, Brady. Come 47, it's a braiding, a braiding, a braiding, anybody named Brady just about. Anyway, they're going several and more messages on. Including one from the Mrs. Kager is a matter of fact. Excellent. She is a sweetheart. Yes, she is. I'm ready to say email here and you just want. Yes, well, just the making sense to me. Okay. But if that's what it took, a whole week's worth of angst and shine, at least I got a response. At least I can always write that in my memoirs. I finally elicited a response. Go to show me the power of this radio show. Oh, God. I mean, that's what it takes. 1289 votes on the pool. So, let's see. Jacob doesn't want my money, anybody else out there wanted? I'm not planning on giving it away or to like, croak. Why? Jane has got a great comment, but I can't say read it because it wouldn't print out. Well, I put it on there on the thing, Jane. That might's face page. What a hoot. What a hoot. Here's a fact from Jane and dear feel on the PS. She says happy birthday, George. Thank you. She's a starting hear your story. It's like that Erin Neville song. Everybody plays the fool sometime. It took a real man to admit it on the radio. Take care and mend your heart. What's that BG song? How can I mend it? How can I mend it? Broken heart? How do you? I'll survive, man. I'll survive. Just find it. Rather, and again, I don't see. I'm never going to really know. Unless somebody actually has the cohones to talk to you on the phone. Voice to voice. emails don't mean anything. Oh, here we go. The BG. The fabulous BG is where we're going to sit. I don't know why he said that. The fabulous BG is somewhere here. We should have come. We want to go to the store. I think I'm a little bit slither there, but that is okay. Better than choking on this on a cheeseburger. Probably not even a hotel. Probably not even a hotel. Probably not even a hotel. Probably not even a hotel. Probably not. I don't think we have a dog at all. What is that? They're Neville. Where are Neville? Where are Neville? I was saying nothing. Nothing to bring a tear to the 20 year old. My face too short for BG. I'm just taking that right now. Two short for BG. I stress people out of sight. I see people in Seoul. I don't see them. I never left. Some people are just a little insensitive. Is that a good way to put an insensitive? Maybe. Eric Foner writes, I'm going to go back to a story. The fact I got a response to that, at least for this chapter of the guiding white, I think that brings us to a halt for now. Yeah. Because it's personal stuff. I already don't talk about that on the internet. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. I don't want to be a part of the story. The right U.S. President's on the scale from great to failure, such positive and a favorite past time for those of us who studied the American past. Change is in presidential rankings, reflects shifts in how we do history. When the first poll was taken, the reconstruction error that followed the civil war was regarded as a time of corruption and miscarriage, caused by granting black men the right to vote. As a result, President Andrew Johnson of Furford wife's supremacist to oppose efforts to extend basic rights to former slaves was rated near grave. Today, by contrast, scholars consider reconstruction of flawed but noble attempt to build an interracial democracy from the Asia-to-slavery and Johnson of Fly Fadier. More often, however, high-ever, the rankings display remarkable year-to-year uniformity. A. Blinken George Washington, in Franklin B. Roosevelt, always figuring the great category, most presidents are ranked average at a put-alist shirtably mediocre. Andrew Johnson, Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, Morgeny, Harding, Calvin Coolidge, and Rich Nixon occupied the bottom-run, and our president Bush's a leading contended adjoin them. Look at history as well as Bush's policies explains why. At a time of natural crisis Pearson Buchanan was served in the years preceding the civil war and Johnson who followed it, were simply not up for the job. Stubborn, narrow-minded, unwilling to listen to criticism or to consider alternatives to disastrous mistakes. They surrounded themselves with sugar fangs and shaped their policies to appeal to a re-progressive political forces and that era of post-living and racist ideologues. Even after being reputed in the midterm elections of 1854-58 and 1866, the ignored major occurrence of public opinion and clung to a flawed policies, Bush's presidency certainly brings their to mind. Harding in Coolidge, I'd best remember it for the corruption of their years in office, 1921-23 and 23-29, and for chameleon money and favors to big business. They sliced in common corporate taxes and supported employers can't pay in sulluminate unions. Members of their administrations received kickbacks and bribe from lobbyist and businessmen never before here or anywhere else to clear the Wall Street Journal as the government has been so completely fused with business. The journal can hardly eventicipate of the even worse crony as in corruption and prohibiveness bias of the Bush administration. Despite some notable accomplishments in domestic and foreign policy, Nixon is mostly associated with the stain for the Constitution and abuse of presidential power. Ofcest with secrecy and media leaks, he viewed every critic as a threat to national security and illegally spot on U.S. citizens. Nixon considered himself above the law. Bush had taken this disdain for law even further. He has sought to stir people accused of crimes or of rights that date back as far as the magna carter in Anglomeric and jurisprudence. Trial by impartial jury, access to lawyers and all's evidence against them and dozens of statements when signing legislation he is asserted that the right to ignore the parts of laws with which he disagrees. His administration has adopted policies regarding the treatment of prisoners of war that have disgraced the nation in alienated virtually in the entire world. Usually during wartime the Supreme Court has be framed from passing judgment on presidential actions related to national defense. The courts unprecedented to review subursions policies on detainees indicate how far the administration is straight from the world of law. One other president of Burst comparison to Bush, James Knox Polk, some of the story I want to emphasize he can to polk sail on any of it he is. Some historians admire him in part because he made their job easier by keeping a detailed diary during his administration which span the years of the Mexican American war. Polk should be remembered primarily for launching that unproved attack on Mexico and seizing a third of its territory for the U.S. Lincoln, then a member of Congress from Illinois condemned Polk from his leading Congress in the public about the cause of the war and led Mexican incursion into the U.S. accepting the presence right to attack another country. Whenever he shall demoness to certainly get observed, would make an impossible of fix any limit to his power to make war. Today one wishes that the country had heated Lincoln's warning. Historians are low with the predict the future. It's impossible to say with certainly how Bush will be ranked in say 2050. But somehow in his first six years in office he is managed to combine the lapses of leadership. Miss guided policies and abusive power of his failed predecessors. I think there was no alternative but to rank him as the worst president of the country. The worst president in the U.S. history. Eric Foner, he's the Wittland Professor of History at Columbia University in that mistake. The worst president of the American history, which I say, I'm so blue correct sir. I like that. Very nice. I'm on the 99 votes on the soul. We're going to verge a 13. So that was a quite a traumatic what two hours on that. Wow. Considering yourself is celebrating now Jacob, I made you in a superstar. I'll even if I treated you very unfairly which I don't think I did. And you're still okay in my book. You still look good anyway. Okay. Well there's something to be said for that. Okay. I mean somebody looks good. Yeah. I'm going to give you even a further confession. Okay. I mean this is, you know, it's a little bit surpy. But of course you haven't even looked at these things because it will make a chick you'd be on a like stink on Greg, you know, on Joyce. But if you go to our mice face which are you sure not on it, you know. Are you? No, no. No. Okay. Well if you go down there and you find you look at the playboy bunning at that blonde chick there with a big boobs. You look at her and write it in your life. They're hot. Amy. Is that what that is? Yeah. Mad her. How do I show? Did you really? Sure. Well I'll be glad to have a look at it. Post for some pictures. He's not on the eyeline. Maybe I could have Jacob last set him on a left of the hockey game. Just a joke. Just a joke. Just calm down. Just something to think about though. You think I'd be squirming around a little bit. I don't know me. Anyway, just to the left of what is her name again to blonde? Amy. There's Jacob. You can put on his profile and if you do that. What you're not doing is because you're not on here yet anyway. I'm so that thing is. And there's a thing at the bottom of his face is my picks. You might pick. Okay. If you got to say, following this, you might just talk to myself. No, we're both on there now. You are. You click on my picks. And in the lower left hand corner of those pictures, he's posted on his page. There's a picture of Jacob in the desert in Vegas. It's in the, he told me where that was. He was walking on a big border. Yeah. With a big smile on his face. And I regret it's taken from a distance. And it's certainly with his clothes on. There's nothing sexual on the face of that thing. That picture just leaves me. It just melts me like an ounce of butter. But that's not Amy. That's some other person I never met. Oh, whoever. I don't care about Amy. I'm looking at Jacob on the border. Oh, I'm on the border. Oh, I'm on the border. This is a blonde. Maybe. She's not attached. I don't want Amy to think that I'm mixing up with that other person. Oh, God. Are you looking at the picture I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah. Who cares about Jacob? Exactly. I do. I'm talking about Amy. Oh, boy. You're bad. Well, if we wouldn't have been for my kid, yeah, nothing. You wouldn't have been looking at Amy. So that's not Amy. Hey, look at Amy. Who is the blonde? Playboy. I don't know. And he's a, I got this for Jacob. It's a lot for your and she is. Amy's up right under my, my picture. I think we may have gotten this, not straightened up, at least we've believed you did a lot of the pressure. You know, like, really, it's like a fart. It all that pressure builds up inside you. You know what I mean? Absolutely. And it's just, it's necessary. In fact, they say whoever they are, you know, the experts, the fart experts, the buildup inside of you, GANS experts say, say that if you don't fart, you would blow up. You know what I'm saying? Right? Because all that gas would be like, it has to get out somewhere. When it's done, you got to let it out. Is what I always said. Not too much. 13.05 on a poll. That's a great day, man. Great Thursday. I think I've come back to life today from a real deep, dank, depression, all over nothing, man. What should we do about nothing? And that's how some of us are these emotional cripples like me. We get ourselves all worked up in a state about what? Huh? Not one. Nothing. Although I will say this. It says, are we connected to you after a year or so? Well, what does that mean? Because I always looked at you as a friend. See, he reconnected with me. I didn't see him. I thought I wouldn't have liked to. But I didn't see him. I don't go like, cutting him down. Right? Right? He said he'd admit that. Yeah? Well, there you go. So I think that he and I got along and come. We both can be really annoying and a pain in the ass. 1258 at 5.60. Every few of nothing is worse this time. And the other half of the fight, those crazy shoppers at the mall. That's those department stores and betting stores. If you need a new mattress, you can skip all the holiday shopping mayhem by sitting on your fat arson, make one easy call to that mattress and 1,800 mattress. Like I've been doing for a very, very long time. It's solemn mattresses 30th birthday right now to celebrate 30th birthday. About 30 minutes. And a celebrate, down to my friends and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VDS pillow top. It's like they bring the whole store right to you. Call 1,800 mattress to get factory direct price in a word when you service with no nonsense, no BS, no games. You know, I mean, no BS. With down to my interest, just Tuesday and time for delivery. Any day, week, seven days from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. even the same day you call and down to mattress will be there when you want when you're asking for a big home. That's one of the many reasons why down to mattress continues to be ranked number one of the world of customers satisfaction why everybody here at QM is using down to mattress and food and your truly of course on the web. Look them up at mattress.com or like I said, just make that one easy call 1,800 mattress. 1,800 mATTRES leave off the last as because it stands for stew pandas savings. The biggest name. So best challenge to the business. We all rock. 1,2, hours. Music. Music. Music. Well, it's my favorite holiday with good times of cheer. When all the pretty ladies are drug on egg nug and beer, well, it's my favorite holiday on this one. Music. Oh, I get on my cell phone and call my favorite home home. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop. Got a shop for a ball. It must have a cat. I put all the big red soups on my set. Cool. But, well, it's another holiday. Get to the business. The only problem is getting past to the river bridge. There's nothing like run as they get in the snow to have fun. Must buy something for the girl who works in the snow above. Got a buy and they're dressed for a monocolo. It's me. Maybe get a hat for a linda trip that but. It's me. As a mile I'm on my spot par. Watch out for what film they will gwe. And I'll try to convince her to be a bad guy. What right right. The star will pierill away. Spills my heart. What you. All the ladies loaded on that permit. And they. So I wish you a merry Christmas. And I have me. I'm a cop. It's Gordy. But I'm Gordy. But I'm a faggot. One or four. It's my least favorite time of the year. I mean, I don't want to be a great. Everything like that. And just a part of the course. I attend another little personal thing. This is not all that big of a deal. But to me it is. Every year almost every year of my life my adult life. Between my birthday between the fifth and November and the end of the year. Everything just turns to crap. I don't know what that is. It's the if I can just survive till the year. Everything from November fifth till January one. That's it. It's my life. I guess. And I know it's not related to the holidays necessarily. Maybe it's biorethms or the moon is in your rain. Or well, whatever. He's going on. You know. I don't know. At any rate, five six seven oh five six eight. So we here's two hours that we killed with this whole personal. I've got wrenching story. That was a plan all along. I just know it. Right. I needed a material. I can try. I'm kind of driving a can drive you in one and. Okay. No. I think the sad part of it is that there's no question. Part of it is my fault. You know far be it for me. You know, apologize for somebody shining for three or four days. for three or four days. But, you know, I'm over the top of people. That's just the way I am if I like somebody. And there just aren't that many people. I mean my life that I really become enamored with. You know what I'm saying? Thank God. The only part of it was my fault for just going to too far. Being too pushy. I wouldn't say pushy, but yeah, too far. No. Because I think this is really a decent guy. I think. But nevertheless. After James Broland laid this celebrity to public in that 911. And how do you like that? Follows in the footsteps of David Lynch on the same day. Did you see this story? No. Well, here you go. Now, the fact he's very deboboy, I guess, you know, may have a little bit of something to do with it. After James Broland, the husband of Bob Ostrashan at Cross-eyed Bitch has today become the latest celebrity figure to public be questioned. The official story behind 9-11. Oh, right. After we encourage viewers of a tap right at ABC Talk Show to check out 911 Truth website. Guess what show he was on yesterday morning that we don't watch. That we don't know. The video. That's it. World lot of peers, I guess, on the view yesterday morning in the corner emails, we've been receiving in numbers toward the end of the show. It says on this is a prison planet. I'll be actor question 9-11. In other words, they don't watch it either. Through the end of the show, the actor questioned 9-11 and urged you out into check out the website 9-11. We know.com. Which is a website that reports to expose how the 20 hours and building 7, which wasn't hit by a plane where brought down via control demolition. We've received multiple reports that the view, which areas live from the West Coast and Pacific and Mountain Times owns, was preempted by breaking news of the city group on a recognition and central times on. Breaking news. Every time somebody farts in Alaska, breaking news on CNN and FoxNMS NBC. And by the way, Jake McClow watching Fox. Roland's lengthy cinema and TV history includes major roles in the West Wing with Martin and Sheen, the Amityville horror, Capricorn 1, and the upcoming Rambo movie. He today joins from director and cut icon David Lynch. In going public with his death about the official story behind 9-11, Lynch told Dutch TV he thought World Trade Center building 7 was brought down via control demolition and at the Pentagon and Pennsylvania Cransites were suspicious, due to the absence of evidence that a plane crashed at either location. He called them suspicious. They're like this whole business having going through myself where we can have little suspicious, but then again, I'm a, you know, paranoid guy. Like, what do you want? Like, I say I'm not like that anymore. Not that I'm in Toronto, yeah? It's not Florida, you're like, oh, who are you? What do you want? Everybody's suspicious, everybody hates each other. You're just like that. Lynch and Roland follow in the footsteps of other notable cultural figures who were spoken out on 9-11 such as Richard Linklider, Jesse Ventura, Matthew Bellamy, and as the Ventrally Sheen, they named a mountain chain after him, the Sheeny Alps. Sheen was the first time pro-falsal ability to put his reputation online on the name of 9-11 truth and his courage should be saluted and open in the door from President Future individuals to follow his example. My score in Charlie, okay? I don't want to see that Bobby movie. Anybody see the Bobby movie? The one there, Bobby, Bobby Kennedy. Come on, don't give me this what now. What are you? I mean, I realize you weren't born, or yeah, I guess you were, but just a, you're just like a fetus is barely right. 1968, just a little bit. Well, how old, what was your birthday, is it? How old? I was four years old, I was born in 60-fold. Well, 1964, got a CEO. My God, he's 42 years old. Man, you are really old, definitely two old for me. 13, I've heard of what I was winning in my life. Do you know what I was going to do? The 32 is definitely much too old for me. I saw it, and I was like, I did it. I did it. I did it. Have you ever met anybody on the internet? No, 498, almost 500 people. I like that out of 13, 20. We got a shout at 14 today. Josh, write it down on her on your list. You keep being a list? No. So, what does Josh think about this last two hours in some odd minutes? I think it's been fantastic. Well, I'm not looking for that, but I mean, what was your say? Well, seriously, better than hearing. Hi. You know, we actually got some call. Well, no, but I mean, in other words, I had to go through days and days of tearing my own guts out. Probably for no reason, because I'm an emotional crippling I admit it right here on the ear. And then, what did you think of that reply after all these days that email that I read? Yeah, you know, he's obviously not interested in your money. So, well, that's good. That's a good plan. That's a good plan. I don't. That's a good plan. I can't say anyone. I think he's a good guy. Of course, I'm prejudiced, but that's beside the point. I'm not going to be less confident. I'm trying to be less unfair. I'm trying to be less unfair. I mean, in fact, that somebody doesn't answer your, you know, a dozen of phone voice mail messages, that's okay. And I said, yeah, and his voice mail message, he sounds like a real guy too. You know, like, a real butch, good, like a good guy. I think you can tell by anybody's voice. I mean, we got people on the air, so I like we guys do and it probably really like it. Well, they're not like a, like a, do, do, do, do, do. I don't know if he ever really said, I can't be objective on it. You know, he sounds like a good guy. Everyone that you said, listen to upset it. No, he came off sounding like a, not a good guy. Like a heart ass. Yeah. Like I'm on his best is that was you trying to say, oh, I got news for him. My close personal friend from the internet is not a monster best. He's a good, sweet guy. And I really think he owes everybody, I mean, a apology. And I, and I, and I would admit a apology and everybody kissing make up right on the lips. Right on the lips. Like we're good. A little tongue action would be good. Uh-huh. Like that. 1331 on that pole man. I'm telling you, I think this was really great radio. Thanks, Jacob, for making for two great hours of radio when like about 100 hours of a personal odd you know. What now, let me ask you this. I'm not a, I'm not a, I don't like I told you. I'm not a person that cries a lot. Oh, you know, even if somebody hurts your feelings. And I'm certainly not the kind of person that we go to my balcony and the cool weather especially and like jump off and commit suicide. You know, huh? I mean, I'm not going to commit suicide for some of that I barely even know. You know what I'm saying? I hope not. Because my feelings are hurt. I mean, uh, two way I am enjoys. They're not to make you commit suicide or something else. I'm just not suicidal. You know, see, my philosophy is life is short, live it, enjoy life. My good friend up here. That's his, you know, when I go to wood by a send of emails, he always says, sends me back a message. Enjoy life. Yeah, like that's right. He's right. Oh, that couldn't be the reason I couldn't. Anybody have a heart or a liver? You're not getting swamped for Christmas. They don't give the center of his. No Jesus birthday, brothers. Just because you don't believe me, you have your little lover. Because he told that you hate. Don't forget your kids, don't so happy. Oh, you're not a straight old way. You got killed and not a new vibe. You got nothing that you like. You know that you, they're not going on through his life. For you. Oh, yeah, if you were watching, maybe you'd have them in the dark. In fact, you know something I haven't played this to. Did I play this the other day or not? My menorah? I don't think so. Can't go horror. My menorah? No, thanks. So equal time, baby, we got to play one for the rag here for the schmothin. I'm a little innocent, my kind of stick. The light is nowhere ever in my mind. My menorah is a very chronic girl. My coat is a festival of light. My menorah never got a quick tune in it. It is wonderful by your apology. The celebrate end of the show. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My menorah, bye, and all of it. I'm a little innocent, my menorah. I'm a little innocent, my kind of stick. The celebrate end of the show. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My menorah never got a quick tune in it. It is wonderful by your apology. The celebrate end of the show. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My menorah, bye, and all of it. My menorah, bye, and all of it. Oh, baby, how have you been here today? When you believe that you're having a fruit stir, you're having a sailor, and a camera. Oh, baby, who am I to barge many flavors? Oh, yeah, my friend, that is not a feature. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just kidding, baby, but I'm gonna decide that you think, and you ask the story from the women's back. She's in a totally different place, so bad. You can never go for action, so I'm a good woman. We don't know what's going on, we will. We'll like our roof, man. Hey, hey, let's do something, man. Thank you, I'm a good woman, man. Thank you, my dear, my dear. Thank you, my dear. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. Right there. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. Right there, my, my, my, my, my, my. If you're not choosing to, I've ready to do it. I'm gonna do the closet, I'm gonna do the closet. Oh, I need cool time for everybody, okay? I would be leave out. We didn't do the closet thing. What do we play for Quanza? I don't know. I know, I got a good one. Let's play this for Quanza. I guess not. One night scene, or here's a fact, sort of that from John. He says the birthdays, remember, second, great minds, our Scorpio. So you like that. And it says my brother and I are 20 plus listeners, plus, though neither of us live in South Florida any longer. What congratulations, John, and your brother. My father was CE and the founder and president of family bank. Wow, family bank. I was once, of course, my bank has changed it about 85 times. I think it was when I started their implementation. Correct. Remember, Mac, what was his name? Mac, what is it we got? What, Matthew, whatever it was. There was a good guy, good looking guy too. But he was a tool for me, and he was Jewish. Anyway, Matt, he got me involved with family banking, invited me, and he took good care of me, and then it became something else. And then something else, and I was watching over your money. My father was CE, a president of family bank, which along with several other banks, he started to stay by larger institutions. I remember you mentioned in the bank once in a while, I believe you had a counselor, CE, right? Unfortunately, Pop died last year, but his henchmen 3-4th with community bank of Broward. Anyway, we were longtime residents, so I thought, vaguely remember the good days, fun times, and then, as fair largely, free of the human direct that now plays the posterior of the peninsula. Remember our strength is in our absurdity, he says. Absolutely, John. As I drove down a hell and Dale Monday, the first time over here I visited, I listened with the interest on the topic of Larry King's worthless legacy, which is recatted in multiple narrative. He is one of about three humans, question mark after the word human, whose success I vehemently resent, right to assure that you were not among the other two. In fact, you deserve the money his worthless behind makes. Well, you can imagine I'm much better leaving my world then, if I Larry King's money. What do you think Jacob? Now, you see something? If I can interrupt this reading for just a second. And I'm not front-like suck-up, but you know me. I'm easy. In fact, that somebody doesn't want to accept that. That to me is a good sign of a good person. So yeah, not somebody that's like out to scam your loan. He's rather right. Hold up so many of those people around. Sure. Thanks, Jacob. But anyway, my email address isn't he's got it. I'm not gay looking to withstand anything. Other than the congratulations for your longevity and what I think south of what was implored without your countenance and colorful analyses, spelled with the several easing of Z. Thanks, John, and his worthless November second. Well, the least we can do for good old John is like, but I don't think I'm going to be doing any pen-palling with any new email. People's sorry, John. I'm sure you're a wonderful guy and you're brother and your mom and all other. And thanks to your dad for the bank and Matt Corshaw. That was his name. Yeah, I never forget the name of a really hot looking guy. And he was a nice guy too, Matt. It was very, you know, new fan, big group. Maybe he's still a star right now. Hey, Matt, what do you think? Matt got married while he was over there with family backsmatter. Fat, dammit. You will be interested knowing by the way that Jacob is not married. I just passed it along for you the hot chicks out there looking for a really wonderful guy. Just learned to meet him in person. Don't do too much emailing. Not a good idea. 1356 on the pool. We have a real shot, baby, at 1400 today, which on a day like this, when I'm porting my guts out, when I'm just reaching inside with like a long shoot. And we're just shuffling my guys like Camo and his bag almost, you know? It's thinking of Larry King. Like somebody with a bag just squeezing it right on any ear. Push, pour, pour out my heart. Don't you think this was a good idea? And see, you see? Sure. The fact that I find this is the only way I think I've ever had a gun response. You think I would have had any response ever if I wouldn't have done this on the ear? Yeah, I do. Why do you say that? In retrospect. If you had any idea how many shine the emails were sent by me? See, that's just to see. If you're not checking your email, you're not seeing one or a hundred. If you're trying to see your email, you're even understanding. I'm talking about since Monday, today is Thursday. Nobody, nobody don't take their emails for three days. But I know that you saw the emails and the certain, a lot about the voice mail. Somebody also not check their cell phone, especially somebody that's a business person that makes a lot of money. And it's out there working his ASAP 24-7, which I'm told. Whatever. Unfortunately, sometimes people, if you're over the top and you mean too well, don't do that. It's also a lesson for the people on my side of the deal. Don't go overboard with people. They become very suspicious and then they run away. And that's just the way it is. And then you get all the time. What did I do? I have good intentions in that screw-up. 13. And I want you to have a look at the end of the show. I'm judged, Judy, since you keep talking about that crappy bitch. We can have a verdict as to who was right in this and who was right. It's got to be percentages obviously because there's no black and white. I'm thinking. Well, I mean that will get both of your verdict by the end of the show in the last segment. Okay. Okay. Nothing. You're going to give me an A. A first shake. Why not? I don't know. Just because you're bastards. I don't know. You're like to watch a wiggle in the wind. Stupid. Stupid. Like in many times when I'm on the air, bearing my soul for one of the first times and all these years on the air, I'm getting into a big and I'm like stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Because I thought it was funny. Stupid. And it was. 1357. I think the whole thing was a fine except for the fact that I had to go through all that source and between them. You know, like that. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. Like the thing he said in this email about making him, I don't remember what it was. But. Or about to make for great radio. It did make for great radio. But it only problem is, so what if I croaked would make for great radio to me. You could go on the Utah all the stories. 1357. If you ever met anybody on the internet. No. 511. Almost 40%. No. I don't chat with anybody online. 425. Don't do it. Okay. Meetem in person. Go out there and meet and greet. Grab everybody arm by the hand by the booby. Something like that. Or pet him on the ass. Hello, you're a real man. Hello, you have good intentions. Yes, turn out well. 235. That is swell. Turn out well. Yes, good. And bad results. 74. Yes, it is ZASTER 68. I hate this full 29. 21% I hate the internet's 15. Of course, that's how Florida man. So maybe 15 isn't that bad. What do you say? Okay. That's what I would say. 26 after all, we got the mad dog back today. 2. And we got what do we got? We got the power hour and the hump for 5 to 7. Got a path to game to the path. Isn't the savers? I see the path is one again. They need Pittsburgh 3 2 the other night. And don't expect it happening anytime soon. Because they play the savers. Is that a home game? I'm assuming that because it says versus. That's usually a home game. I would assume that's right. The savers at Panthers boys, good team to loss. They're sending team to savers. Go up there and I wonder if Frank Jenner went ever came back from being sick or whatever happened. They're great. We're going to read. Oh, we're going to this. Here's a facts about my space. Oh, and believe me, we'll have to do that after the break. I don't want to rush it. Nuck you. And then whatever it says is in the Obama. I can't. You're show me the dent in my life. That's cute. And that's great. Good luck. Yeah, didn't make a big impact. A little dent. I like that. It's a radio show. That's all. It's not your life. This is your life. I would say right now. Which is it? Yeah. I mean, if you're ready, I want to go. So we're thinking of moving to Tacoma. Is there any good radio up there or any of them? Remember those calls? Oh, my God. Ain't good talk shows into Tacoma? Yeah. Just like all the good ones in Lakeland, too. I've exercised a lot of good talk radio there, too. Oh, my God. You're breath. Beautiful. Oh, right. Jingle and jingle bells. There at a stop. You can't find them. Brand new Xbox. No one's eating inventory at its run. Means your paper time has begun. Jingle bells and jingle bells. There at a stop. Mike with some scum. One every kid wants. Parents have checked that the malls are everywhere. Now the day when they're here. They're dating in for shells. What a day when they sold out right away. Christmas day. Time you'll hear your kid won. Since you really just with me. Good to see. Sorry they're all the dead feel of a disease. Your kid won't say it's a lie. Strangle bill gets spoiled that when we meet. That's the way it goes. Yes, I know it goes. I'm proud of Tacoma. It's a lie. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I'll get under the old Xbox and the Wii and what are in the Wii and the Wii and the Wii and the Wii. Here's a message from on the spirit again. George on our mice face. Some couple. Because I already have one from then before. See, I don't know all these people on the mice face. I don't want the attention. A couple of what? A couple of people. A couple of folks. Like your friends would say the folks, you know. Those folks. Yeah. Like the folks and who have the buildings. Like that. Those folks. They seem like really nice people. And since he knew it took you to go to that level for an answer. For one thing, I'm reading this right off the fingers. I don't know how to print these things out very well off the mice face. One of these days. What? You'll print like a white person and all your problems. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, that's exactly how you do it with everything to get what you want. For one thing, pride was on a line. If he was sincere with you, then his rationality and what is it? See, it's got all this got to father stuff. His rationality and the difference would go, uh, would kick in and he would have ignored the radio show. I worked 24, seven. I'm heartily online. Get out of here. It says George something like a little girl would say. I thought I was the one acting like a little girl. I think I was. What would all the technology and we have today? You haven't heard of multitasking? Then if it takes multitasking to say, no, I wonder what kind of. Draw me has because I wouldn't want to apply for. He's a salesperson. It's saleswoman. He's out most of the time. He's not saying that a computer somewhere. I'm not trying to make excuses, but I'm just telling it. It says, especially since the dictates of the time you speak to someone, let me ask you something, what's his life so busy prior to your generous request? I'm sorry, Neil, but ever since I started listening to you as a teenager, you taught me to stop rationalizing for people. I think you, I thank you for that. You're the cheapest, worth it college professor I had. Sign George. Thanks George. It's a really sweet comment. I'm not leaving George any money. I was rationalizing for him. I know the guy. I'm rationalizing those. I was not rationalizing for him. I'm not rationalizing for anybody. I'm just trying to figure out what else been going on here. And the most people they'd say, oh, this is kind of childish and silly thing, like a little girl. You know, like a teenage or whatever. Whatever. You just don't meet that many people in the course of your lifetime. Who mean anything? You know, who like strike a chord. I can't explain it. Even though what I'm talking about, some people strike a major chord within the course of your case, it's only for sex. That's all you know. Right. I'm sure Josh ain't like that. If you're seeing Bart. Yeah. One. That's all it'll be about. You know, somebody I know used to say, if they don't put up, kick him out. That's just a plan. That is so crass. That's grass or cash. Okay. Well, in line with that cliff rights, this facts, it says, uh, happy ablated birthday George and was up kneel. I've had my space hook up. It's still nice to see you. I've had my subhender growl flu in from Utah, to spend the weekend with me. I would have on the ticket and I loved it. We talked about two weeks that I flew her 19 year early. So he never know. See that? He flew her 19 year old ass. And then the rest of her is coming down cent Christmas. By the way, I called as back. You had to get on my space page right. I had no idea what I was talking about. Well, what does an old fart like meet all about. My space page. okay? There's only two kinds of people young, punk's and perverts. recommending city of god i'm recommending cocaine calvo is please anything looking at what i promise you like a thanks for your show you made a dent in my life that's because i've watched it i like two nights ago and how was it it's pretty damn good really yeah where's my copy of a George for hate on it's way next diplomatic pouch has that no good and am i gonna have that nice man i have that in there too in the next one i said you raising Arizona even though bokeh Brian points out nothing i didn't already think about it that you might not like it because it's a comedy a rye comedy but you do like co-in-brothers movies yes and and it's one of them and it's uh one of our favorite co-in-brothers movies all of us all our fans of those people i was river finis and it's about Arizona no i love river finis he is an answer my email's either holly hunters and she doesn't even as a matter of fact and Francis McDorman does it oh i love Francis McDorman gonna take a fargo is one of my her performance in fargo is so good i think you know i hate to keep saying it because you and i are the only ones that know what i'm talking about but she reminds me so much of our former co-worker our former friend Cheryl does it you yes you and i'm only your friend says McDorman just let her a lot of one stood up with her she's all right she just stabbed me in the back once you know i'll leave you had a pretty good lunch when she came up here with her lady friend remember that year to a go no yeah i told you about that Cheryl came up here and we met for lunch her and some lady friend her so i had a great time and she kept telling me about Disney and about his red nose maybe Disney could be we were all the red nose reindeer this Christmas what do you think he always was funny you now now was he in charge when you were always at after night he was both i had both the uh Disney and Bobby Green George used to take Bobby into the uh swing clubs that's right hooked him up see if he could swing it did he swing it yeah a good time dancing on the dance floor yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah dance on this okay sweetheart on that on this i have to find it that's right email the jake of dance on this and then he ran away and i didn't say it it's a good line though have you ever met anybody and then we got 13 80 on the pool or 13 or 80 votes maybe we should probably take a few more of these calls i got i got sidetracked here with that email and with everything else that's been going on this has definitely been the most soap opera show i think in the history of this show hasn't it no doubt that deputy q a m hello nearly starting to sound like Oprah win free yeah okay good well that keys how's your like uh how's you like a liver we're gonna give a liver way to everybody on today and also statement too one of them nothings w q a m hello all i like uh large cheese and aprony have cheese okay you got a man six and all that was we sure you had died grandma just to collect them hope the papi wounded okay in there too far it's kind of a bit to two without other five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line there's a new positive that's good it's always a good time we get some new pumps in it there's a photo i mean we don't mind pumps it's just the all those you know the ones we're talking about usually you know the ones we're talking about joys w q a m hello yeah yeah forget about that j's a dog you're in George for 15 cent and we're both past alpassell that's a good place for you w q a m hello oh yes i could be a shoe monopoly piece in my rickham and okay try boardwalking park place in there too man it'll be like a party but it knows the car the top hat going there not the shunt i'm sorry the top hat but i haven't played monopoly in years needed let's say i was okay now funny money it's kind of like going to woodbine you know funny money for sure had a good my sheeniest in a line put me in a really uh... much better mood little bit i was asking you know something i came home i won twenty five of the box i was still depressed but now i feel like a human again this is what it took this is one of this for me personally is one of the other and financially and that's always a pretty profitable but other than that it's one of the most productive days of my life and all these have done the show because it like you know it's probably back to life again who do you believe me am i a little over the top but i can't even get me i am always a little over the top the most e got the orange baking back There was a group of people Backers too There's a group of people There's a group of people There's a group of people Backers too The boys just did a seat Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That you won't But any more LPs all this is you Help us in peace, man Everything next to you I can't stand burning You weren't feeling well right Then you're based to turn on white Open your youth You've turned blue You've been to LL Good bye to you Lovers in forever You're both at the ocean The chain of the heaven Every night I'm at home And I'm watching TV Don't pull, pull, pull, pull I have to sit All this dumb movie Send this into the world Lovers in forever It's hard to prove It's now or never But as I watch this, And I look at all those chicks I wish I knew If they blew, blew, blew, blew, blew Lovers, blew All this once blew, blew, blew, blew One point is, one point is, one point It's in the sense where it displace It's left to us Than we're in the next p They'd hit us like 55 thus oh A bel f Come on, let's push You have a mess I will never be anyone from the internet again so Jacob but there's a little message for you okay? So let's see I get crap from the other guy for giving Jacob the benefit of the doubt but at least I appreciate it He said he's got a big family. He doesn't you don't care about the rest of the stuff. He said about your comments He's evidently having a one day you know and I I had already said to him I wasn't gonna refer to him on the air again I mentioned him because it's just kind of tacky, you know Oh, he said he didn't care about that, but I just I just feel uncomfortable with that, but I guess we made a whole show about it Had your own show today Jacob and check his in the mail. I'm sorry George is Will. Why don't you leave him in your will? Oh, I would have to be embarrassed He could have everything I have right now. Yeah, not too much to be embarrassed by just said the big fat one over and he says he'll smoke it right now All right That one's he had new respect for him or small slim one will be good Here's the facts and I have no idea what this is all you know this this today has been I just even don't even know how to describe it like so really Do you do well? I feel great or from nothing who knows that just have a headache Innovation awaits it come to find out that he's got guests in from out of town. He hasn't been checking his email Like sure that a lot of we need we need to catch a drop off. I'll tell you that kiddo you got a lot of we need to catch your fine I call him everything and the names that haven't been invented yet You know just just to try to listen to response you know, I mean I see well, what is gonna take what kind of a four letter word? What kind of a you know just still in work But anyway, we got two today during the show no less I think he's I think he's squeezing himself or the fact that so much conversation They kind of star sweet out. I told you The fact is I don't know if the listenership on the online stream is up or down it looks to find a me There no dropouts, but if it is I it's said down. I know why it says until recently the online stream went When someone went to a commercial break then a couple of weeks ago they started playing commercials This would be fine accepted they keep playing the same three commercials over and over on endless loop Endless loop remember what I told you we were gonna do on the show Endless loop pop pop pop pop yeah put on I was who and play that four hours although it wouldn't be nearly as intriguing in the exciting It's today show I love it No one do we hear the same commercials every break but sometimes the same commercial multiple times in the same break It's bad enough. I had to turn on my XM and start listening to the crappy Ron and facial Oh, we sure don't mind you have to listen to crappy Ron and face Oh my god. Now is that's a Benington right? Yes As opposed to the ass who who disappeared he took off remember the two were to get a lot of time and then we just Yeah, not him and Phase oh my god here imagine and on XM. What they should have to be tell that thing. Don't think I sure want to pay those in them not See, you know, I never really got much into my pile today. Do want to mention this The seminal travel Florida is buying the hard rock business including its massive collection rock and roll memorabilia in $605 million deal with the British casino hotel company rank group PLC the travel downstairs day The hard rock business includes 124 hard rock cafes four hard rock hotels two hard rock casino hotels two hard rock Level correct the concert venues are you read much and stations re-unbranded hotels With the travel quarters what is said to be the world's largest collective rock memorabilia some 70,000 pieces including Jimmy Henry's Flying five guitar loona Madonna's voice DA's a pair of Houghton John's high-heeled shoes. Oh, man I even a pop or like to wear those and guitar's formally owned by Bob Villain Eric Clapton and Chuck Berry This is a proud moment for the seminal travel for all Indian tribes said Mitchell cyclists Chairman of the elected travel council It is also an opportunity for the seminal tram to diversify its business operations and help a very successful company a team even greater growth Cyclists in seminal gaming chief executive James Allen said this statement that the travel would work with Current hard rock international management to build on existing growth plans and in this new Its two seminal hard rock hotels and casinos the seminal travel in the operates five other casinos in Florida More than 90% of the travel virginia comes from gaming revenue Nearly 3300 seminal Indians of honor off reservations throughout the state Rank said it would keep the hard rock casino in London, but are they rank gaming brand he said it's really rank You know the hard rock and Vegas and I just not I've never gone in there. It's just not a place I would go in I guess I'm just not a hard rock kind of guy Josh was I've been there. I'm sure you have because you're a drunken So you're everywhere. I mean I go everywhere in Vegas. I try to go in each place That's a good idea. See I like that now you went to car when you go there. I hope absolutely not yeah Absolutely not no How do you go to the hard rock cafe where you stay? I Usually I like to stay right on the strip right also Vegas Boulevard Well, that's a long slip to the hard rock cafe. That's a harmon Avenue am I right? I don't know the name of my Vegas baby. I haven't been there in a while, but I know my Vegas and I know that my go I'll take a chance like I get off the wrong door. You know I'm gonna do I'm gonna have like good go down Jacob take me out to Vegas for good about Josh I'm gonna get up on that rock out there. I forget the name of that canyon. He told me was the red something Canyon And I'm gonna get on the rock have a picture taken me put it on our my space around our website They get a squad on it. Can you see me squatting on it? Naked no less T.O. I got right here now you got to admit that that'll get a big viewership. How are you with that? Hang on our home page by the way. Is that doing any better? What's that? The one that Josh spent hours of working on the L thing himself or anything himself. I think I've done it last couple of days I think everything is straight now now and that good See this this show was like therapy today. This was like Oprah was more like Dr. Phil Without the phoning as this was all sincere in Rio. You don't say mm-hmm That doesn't come it up. I think there's something wrong with you. You better check with Eric Because if there's something wrong with that people are gonna be missing out. It's not the link isn't clicking you I'm clicking it and ain't they doing it We do that quick or nothing happened mr. impatient No, yes, you click the link and nothing happens you can see that nothing's gonna have it God you are you know Jacob's right about you nothing. I want to take his sight against you, but nevertheless I had a choose Your patience is what this is about oh Queen had you. I'm telling you again. It doesn't do anything Click it on a link. I'm clicking on it. I'm banging on it. I'm here we go. It's right about Brady Quinn You think I'm gonna mess with that. Okay. I clicked on it and it's like when it went about three quarters of the way over You don't a little blue thing in the bottom whatever you call that And it's just it's in there Huh the loading bar the loading bar it. I loaded it and it ain't shooting nothing out You have five six oh New from Alperse and I'm just in time for the holidays is the talking creamer doll now you can own a piece of TV history with the once beloved character from sign-filled Creamer I just pull the rip cord and listen as creamer speaks on a variety of subjects like racism I definitely hit dorsed the clan hobbies All I really enjoy burning crosses religious The talking creamer doll just 39 95 available from outburst products First me now, but only for white bye bye