The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and colleagues. J.P. Morgan, she was a real bullboy. I just mentioned that in passing. She's a part of the band. And the biggest name is the best talent in this is 4-3-5-60. You're Taylor, gay, gay, P.P. Morgan, gay, etc. Charles Nelson Ryan, gay. Paul and gay. All those, uh, mutual people. New York, y'all. I'm a good and drug administration. It's joy and investigation that you call out great at Taco Bell. No, it is on the E.C. or an outbreak. The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell. Well, I drove down to get a beam of reason. Taco Bell was calling out to me. So, if I could, it was shot with a tough needle. And then I got explosive number three. Then I threw a tire and the wind all trees. And my throw gave her a beam to my knees. I was playing inside my toy. And my toy was in over there. But I'm so sick of you and I'm sick of you. I must live in you and pause the ball. I keep it waving down. Oh, look at me. You get serious stuff. I've lost 12,000 free hours. Oh, that's bad. You know what, it's to make you can see my screen. Oh, and the rumble is flaky. Oh, God. So watch out, I can develop some personal. Oh, don't make me get out of the way. I'm so sick of you and make you piece of my intuition. I'm so full. Three, one, Paul and gay. The ground's full of love. But I know I'm so free. I was weak with gay solidarity of me. And I can't find strong growing fun. Wow. What do I have to do these started? That's a good one. It is a good one. We got a lot of good ones. And of course, it's almost Christmas. It's a middle of Chinooka, baby. I love my space. Let me tell you right now. Wait, I feel like yesterday you were bashing it though. Well, that's because I didn't know what tell us what's going on. Now that I've got more information. All I would say is if you're going to go on my space, just be a little bit cautious. Okay, about to kind of people. Fight out who they are, what they're all about. Fight out the link to their webcam and take a look and see what they're doing. Why do you look at them? You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. See if they got their clothes on whether they're like standing upside down on their, well, whatever. And then this side whether you want to get involved. Now I found out some very fascinating information last night. So I don't take any of that other business personal. There are some people who are running and hiding and hiding and running and running and hiding. And whatever, that's fine, you know. And their paranoid and discured crap. Listen, that's okay. So that's what it is. But then, I don't know whether I should really do this on the air because of my turn into a real nightmares for us having a zidin people expecting me to answer every day. Oh, you know. Oh, yeah. Okay, go with it and then you can answer it. I was at. I don't trust you to answer it. No, but I have discovered that there's some pretty interesting amount. I heard from Detroit was on the Regan last night. The stalker. He says, please don't call me to stalker. He's the stalker. You guys are email buddies now, huh? We're old pen pals now and he didn't even mention much of call it backgammon again. As email last night. And also, there are a whole bunch of interesting people on there. And I try to respond to the real several emails on there and I responded all of my belief just to quick note whatever except one. I responded to that length. And certainly not what you think. It was, I don't know what the relationship would be. I will keep saying that few with my cousins son who's 29, by the way. I just mentioned ages. Let's just go with that few. Sounds better. No, what would you call it? I think if you, my brother may have any kids. I'll say that. And not that he's. But he is. But it runs in a family. The son of my brother had a son. It would be an effu right. Isn't that the way we're, my sister had a sister and she had a son. I wouldn't be my effu. Right. But my cousin's son, well, what's the relation there? I don't know what it is. That would be a cousin son. Oh, so my cousin son, he's was on my, my space. And this is the show online in Upstate New York and loves the show. So there you go. Happy to know, good David. Good luck to you. Believe me, in this world, you'll need it. Same as far as the other situations can soon know. You notice, don't I sound like I'm back to normal again today? Sure. Thanks to my good friend Moichi out there who I've gave me some psychological counseling online for a couple of days later. And also the information I discovered last night, which now I understand, might even know, you know, people who are game players and one did learn out with other people's minds. It's a cool, horrible thing. But when you consider who you're dealing with, you know, it's like, that's what it goes. In addition to which, you know, now that I realized that I was obsessed with somebody who doesn't exist, did I say that on Friday? You weren't here, Josh. I was like, I was in love with a fictitious person. Well, you said that yesterday too. Well, it's true. I mean, you know, there is a person with that name, but it's not the person I'd conjured up in my mind. So I might as well turn into something really subrosive. Get certain people in the audience like all excited. Oh, I know it. I know it. I know it. He's a permanent. I know it. Yeah. I'm a pervert. That's correct. But I might as well turn into something that it wasn't, right? Although it's really a shame that I can't, that I'm blocked out there. And I can't see all those other pictures again, because I could say they're all going to show them. Like that, could I? Well, you could still see the squat, right? I haven't seen squatting on the rock. I can still see that one. But that big diamond is spinning around. I'm blocked out. Your block, baby. You can't then. That okay, I'll survive. Well, you got Harry as a friend now. I don't want to look at Harry, okay? As a matter of fact, if I want to look, and if we got a new gray quinticture on there, but pretty little bit down on the dump. Thanks forever, sent that in. This is my space thing. We got 871 friends on there, which I bet you even you're just shocked and amazed. I really am. I got to tell you. And it's growing exponentially, whatever the whole that means. There are more and more people living and breathing people out of the age of 100, finding our my space page and this show and listening on line and sending mail. So point I started to make before I interrupted me with that Jacob crap again, is that if people want a get a response, all they got to do is go on a my space page and shoot me off some email. And I'll respond or maybe not. Or whatever they want to do. Let's see, did you fast me this? Yes, I did. Oh, this is about the original supine. And I'm never going to the soup yet. Are you a girl? I got two cups in front of me right here. And what kind? I got a sea of scumbo. And I don't know what's the other one. I got a little chilly action too. Wow, I'm loaded up here. Starting at 11 30 this morning, they soup man, which is opening an haven't heard today. This is their grand opening 20475, this game, Boulevard of the Pramanod Chauves. The original supine features a get made at soups of Aldi again, who inspired the soup man, the soup Nazi episode on sample. And notice that the release doesn't say the soup Nazi, but that's OK. The strollers locations, the 20, this is a Todd and Hope Stroll or a Vaventure. The 20 second original supine opens since the franchise concept was launched last year and the first one in South Florida. Since 84 New Yorkers in tourists, the lack of way to line at the again, a soup kitchen, their national all kinds of whether just for tasted as much heralded lobster, their biscuit, jumbo lia. In 2004, we closed the shop for the launch of his international franchise. And here it is, starting this morning at 11 30, they'll be giving away free samples and t-shirts to the first 100 people who come in the grand opening officially is this Friday, the 22th. Is that also any case last day? I don't know. What do you think? Yes. Well, we would have heard something if they would have come up with some kind of a deal with him. So the fact that their silent means like, oh, bye bye, 80K is probably going across the street. Wish you all the best that you came. We were good guy. Never stole a freight train. Good man. And do I want to read this over this? Well, I'll say that for a little bit later, and how's the soup are you? And this was also a char-hot once. You know, it's Chris is insane. I think probably because he's about right to fall off the chair from all the food. He shovel and burgers and soup at once. Yeah. Yeah. He shoveling it down. Maybe they're. And you know what I'm thinking is that if I'm in hiding from the world, you know, because, you know, if I'm just one of those people, it's a game player. Being out there on a border in the middle of red rock can you, man? It's a good taste to hide. But I just wouldn't plan on leaving there. You know what I mean? Let it go, man. I'd pack a lunch. Yeah. No, I just think it's funny that finally, so some payback can really be a bitch. It's an old, tricycle, shea. But when people are in hiding, they get really panicky. Oh, my God. You know, like that. And then you say, oh, well, I've got it. Maybe it was worth all the grief. I don't think so though. It wasn't really worth it. Was it worth it? No. OK, let's get into the show here and quit with all this BS. But I do like the nice face thing. I do a point. You know, it's amazing how many people can tell you. You're addicted. No, no, I'm not addicted. Yes, yes. Listen, listen, it starts the same with everybody, man. You're addicted. You can't help it. Why do you say that? Because everybody is the same. Everybody curses my face. It's stupid. And then they get married. It's addicted. I've been spending hours on there. Look at everybody else's friends and click it on and see their profiles. I'm not doing that. All right. How long were you on yesterday? How long were you on yesterday? I was on my side for maybe half an hour. You're going to tell me you have been clicked and started looking at some people just because you know, because you look hot. Artisan like that. How fun are your phone free. Have your profile through profile. You haven't gone. No, haven't. We haven't. We haven't done that. Why don't I believe you? Well, well, in other words, now you're calling me a liar. I'm just saying, let's get back to the thing about my will again. OK. I think Christ is yours at what was he? We're getting 50 grand. That's right. Yeah, I got 150. Yeah. Oh, man. So now you tell me then I'm lying. I'm not one of those people that lies about them. I'm also not addicted to this online crap. OK. No one of those people that sits there online. Now, obviously, if I had, you know, if I had to link to some people's red cams and see what they were doing on there, then maybe I might get more addicted. No, I'm saying. OK. Because all these puns today, now they've got their way. Am I right? All these maybe you don't think you got one. A webcam? Yeah. No, I'm not interested. Well, of course, now you've already got your girlfriend. You got your hot chick there and you don't need to be on, you know, with some fantasy relationship. With a webcam, which all these puns are doing these days. But again, like I said, nobody ever got essentially transmitting the disease from cyber-sug. Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday. I hate to admit that I love porn. I don't, I still don't get that. 1532 people. I guess there are a lot of embarrassed people out there. What's the one? I don't get that. Especially with our liberal progressive, you know, perverted audience. But then Josh voted for it to what he expected. I hate to admit I love porn 425. I hate this poll that did very well 233, 15.2%, that we heard to me badly, not. I hate to admit I love Neil Rogers 175. Antisrotio 1117. Talk radio 109, vanilla ice cream 104. The Carpenter's 86. That was my vote. I love their music. Not too crazy about which we carpenter or I'm certainly a Karen, not looking to good these days that I love their music. Dog about 373. Well, good luck to you. The musical's 56, the Food Channel 35, home in Garden, Joe's 22, Neil Sedak 18, country music 17, my space 17. And I see, I'm not ashamed of what I like it. I don't love it, but I do like, no, I guess I do love it. It's a crazy man, yeah, it's a crazy. Well, I mean, the fact that I found my cousin's son on there, and I do know him. I mean, not well, but I had met him in Florida. He was down to with my very wealthy aunt, who is still alive, I find out. See, I got to find out about how my relatives are all doing by going on my space. That's right. See, it's good for something. It is. He's a little bit, I love feet 15. Got a lot of footage people out there. They're sniffing it, and the feet two. World Lays 14, playing Slots 9, and cottage cheese. Oh, it's big and a cottage cheese feet seven. Wow, a cottage cheese, hip, sluck, herstie out. Disgusting, nasty, slut. Oh, what else is? Firefights, what else going on here? I just saw something in my computer. Firefights has downloaded and verified an important update. That's no big deal. Just restart your fireshocks or don't. And the next time you do it, we'll be up there. I'll do it right now. It's installing updates, and we'll start a few moments. And there's Brady Quinn like naked with his abating suit on. Damn it. Anyway, see, if I had links to find the naked pictures of Brady Quinn, and yes, I would be obsessed with my space or wherever it is, I would find them on there. But I'm not going to find it. Oh, what is amazing? Like you can type in naked angelina jolly or type in shirtless, this one or that one. And they're there, you know? Yeah, they're nice. But well, not angelina jolly, but. Well, when we're going to get that video going to miss you, you will say, in Miss Teen USA, what is that going to pop up? Very soon. Can you imagine if we put it out on the ear that if we put it on our my space page that we're on our website, that if you click to our my space page, we've got the video of Miss USA doing Miss Teen USA. We would just blow the whole thing out, would we? Yeah. Overload. Overload, baby. But anyway, we don't have it. One and on, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs in your list. Nice to see you. Thank you. And very soon, you're really eating. What's all this? Ooh, a present in John. It's pretty fun. I ain't gonna give a dot try. Overload. Ooh, you make the voters run. Are you the one? Will we pop up with a black guy? Overload. Never set one up. He's on top. And may be the shine for me. So fight. He's an error guy. My, my, my, my, my, my. Whoo! But we're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. We're all over. All right. Well, I'm telling you, man, this, uh, this whole deal is just, uh, uh, life is just turned right around in 24 hours or less. How do you like that? Look at that. When I sound like, uh, my old selfie in now. Yeah, you do. Send it to the press in psychotic and, uh, and of course, that's the problem with internet, man. You don't know what you're dealing with out there. You're just going to use running and hiding and playing in the, uh, you know, it's one thing that somebody has playing with you, but it doesn't feel good. It's not such a good idea. Here's the poll today. 851 votes on the pool. Uh, and I checked the mail on it is no new email. So I, I don't think we're going to integrate in the day that. Are we? I'll just wait for it on the my space page. Well, we've only got eight hundred and seventy once. I like we got thousands. We will eventually, though. I mean, can you imagine by the time I'm 90? Wow. Now I am. I'm going to sign a lifetime deal. I'm going to continue working as long as I'm physically, eight, well, as long as they're willing to continue paying me this kind of money. Ha ha ha ha. Of course cutting down the workload substantially. Well, go ahead and be working five days a week. Especially like right after New Year, sounds good. Cut it back. Like about maybe one or two days every other week, sounds good. Here's the poll and more, what a long poll question. Good. Every time I read it, it's going to kill some more good time. Over the years, what, by the way, thanks for the emails there, more, to your good people. Things are, uh, and I did send you a message, but you'll eventually get it. Over the, and I'll see this is bad because now I'm sending personal messages over the year. Like, uh, you know, which is not good. Oh, is it? Great. Yeah, you like it because you're nosy or busy body. No, I'm not worried that they are. They want to know what's going on. You've whipped them up at this whole personal thing. Well, that whole personal thing is basically over. I mean, come to find out that this is a person who's in hiding and got all panicky when he discovered a new certain things and the other people were like, and so, you know, fine, right? You can't hide all your life, J. I'm telling you right now, you can't do it. You can't, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to move to Vegas and so insurance. What do you think? Squat on that rock. I'm going to swat on the rock and I'll send a picture for our My space page. There's all the deals squatting on the rock. What's that behind all the deal there on the rock? Oh, my God. Well, but he gets to be my age. You can't always control your bodily functions. In fact, I think Johnny G. I just sent this a picture of the other day. They might give you an idea. Anyway, over the years, what person or person's a QM has or have been? See how complicated this is? The subject of meals on your riffing has been the most deserving. I mean, that's the most common looted. But thanks whoever said it, and it says it's not a bad pull. I think it's good. Yeah. But you think any pull is good. And I would agree with you. If we get any question on there that'll get some kind of response. The one tomorrow is pathetic. It's very weak. And you will be changing that later. Let's see if I can get it. I mean, I'm not sure if I can get it. But that's okay. No pressure, Eric. No pressure. Which person's been most deserving of my ripping them in an ass? More Howard? David. David. David. He was 325. Joyce fixed 200. Oh, brother. Now that's a tough choice. I see. I've never met Joyce. Even though I know she's anxious and agnostic and hates me like poison. And we'll do anything in her power to screw up this show. So far, hasn't succeeded. We all that well. But anyway, she's in second. I would say the moment. And you would agree with that. I'm sure. Yeah. I mean, he was just, he was throwing a monkey wrench in everybody's life. Everybody's going to get fired at it because listen here when I do this. And you know, whatever. I hate this pull 83, 9.5%. They're unhappy with the pull. Second day in the world, but not nearly as unhappy as they were yesterday. Greg Reed 62 of very good choice. The serving of this break in this station in the pieces. Nangle across the hall, making a comeback in power 96. And trying to steal away Joe Wells and boys like Josh Cortis there. Now, is that thing, is that finished? Is that, what's the deal? I don't know. Oh, it's the QAMF in way, man. It's just the mystery and the intrigue goes on. See, whoever said it was, this show turned into a soap opera a couple weeks ago. I started with all this personal weeping and gnashing on the ear. It's QAMF. I'm a big important. It's QAM passions. That's it. QAM passions. Without Miguel. Oh, the beesleys 51. It is, is it? Of course, the ill when you're sitting most of your life in a tree is from an advantage. The sales team 37 such as they are. Steve Vellie, Yeltsd 25. Half-ish kicked the lease ass last night, 73 read to the account of the center. Girlly never called me to like, blow to about it. Screw a in 23, that bitch. Scott for rally 18. The engineering staff will. But what are not, I had a dream about Scott for role. I mean, I mean, not like person. I'm not getting that desperate. But I mean, like I was doing the show. And all of a sudden, his voice was starting to come from there. And I feel his him to studio. And who was in the studio? And it was like always, there were people. Wasn't really a view about him. That would be, that would be embarrassing. Scott for rally 18. The engineering staff, 12, the water Nazi 10. Not to be confused with the soup Nazi. They waste that water Nazi. Don't mess with my log. At least you didn't say mess. I think it was worth it beginning with an F. The water Nazi 10. Clarence 7. Well, you know, he and I kind of like we got an understanding now. You know, it's how he stays out of there most of the time. Yeah. But he will be in, oh, look at this. It's already almost 10 30 an hour from now. The ratings. Two thirds of the fall rating book will be coming in. I'll give us some numbers to kill some time with. Jeffrey, number five, Robert Greeper five. You know, I will say this for Greeper though. At least he was honest there because those guys was so impressed that he member JP Morgan. See, I'm sitting here in there like trying to remember who was on the gong who that bull bike all the way. And realize she was a bull bike. But I'm said, JP Morgan in the right away, Greeper is listening because I am but she listens to a lot of our conversation in two. Well, he does. He's not going to turn you on or anything. No, he couldn't believe me. I would ruin their show. He's not going to turn me on. I don't think he's going to turn anybody on. Clarence 7. Jepermer five. The rim man. Greeper five. Jeff high spelled wrong too. Fat boy. For the audience who don't know Jeff high that's her. Hi, I'm fouling. Former fat sales a trouble maker. If you meet foe was got one, I don't even know why we put him on or me foe. Jeff to force. Just got one. We don't like you. By the way, Jeff, we don't want to understand Joe Bell doesn't want any party. 800 and 78 foe. So let's go get to that thousand today. It's not bad. And an hour from now we're going to have to wait and just come in. Let's hope everybody is really, really well. Wouldn't it be good? Yeah. Just to piss everybody. Just to solidify Joe Bell because Joe wants to sign me to weigh five lifetime contract. Even when I'm dead, I'm going to be doing the show. In fact, I'll be doing my space from my place, my special place underground. I mean, because they built this studio in my apartment here in my second bedroom, they could probably put like a microphone in my box. Sounds good? Yeah, I can my box. And Brad Pitt can like stop up and down and I tombstone. Why did that box? And do that routine though. He doesn't do it for a long time. That was always great guy. He think Brad Pitt is hot. He was once upon a time. He's wait to wait for me now. 1026 at 5.60. But by the way, my friend, Moishi is 25. We have people out there very curious about the kind of people that I'm hanging out with. My former email buddy there online, Jay, he was 32. And Moishi's 25 and who else am I? And Brad Pitt, I believe, is like 22 or 3. Like that. Well, forget about Harry, he was like, what? 80. Harry's 180. So don't worry about Harry and I will not be doing any diddler anytime. So not least with each other. Although, looks to me like Harry is trolling the eyespace. Good going Harry, in between your backhand and games, play some of the games. What's all my about to read this stupid story for when I got to do a break here? Well, it's all it. It's the euphoria of being back to myself again. Nice going, Neil. Man, you're a survivor, maybe. For an old fart like you. Yeah. I am. 27 past 10 at 5.60. WQN for less couple of weeks. And maybe it's partly because I'm taking nature be. I feel like full of vinegar and all that other stuff that goes with it. With nature be when you wake up at the morning. You're more free-freshed. A lot of things are going to be a good thing. I'm not alone here at QN having great success with nature be. The big O has been using it for months. Rock solid. I'm sure you're hearing him rave about it and singing his praises. Even tough is taken. There's a real girl for you. Tough was told me last week he was on the verge of getting a cold. I just about everybody's got and he credits taking nature be. But putting a halt to it. And if they're right in the bud, didn't get it. And the cold either. Just two golden capsules a day and you're on your way to better health and by a telly call toll free right now. 1866-83455-26 months applying get an extra month free. If you call right now. Plus I'm at arrangements for you to try nature be totally risk free with the kneel. Money back guarantee. If it doesn't work for you, you get the money back period. So what's not to like? What's to lose? Call at toll free number again right now and get that three months apply. 1866-83455. That's a free month supply with the order. That's 1866-8355-0355. Go to the website. Nature be.com. Come on be like me. Try Nature be. The biggest name. So best challenge to the biggest is we all rockers. I just got it. Rockers. Rockers. Rockers. Rockers. Rockers. Rockers. Yeah. Rockers. Rockers. Rockers. Oh. Oh. Hey. Good. Good. Good. Good. I need a little. Good. I need a little. Good. Oh. Just get a little. Good. Good. Oh. I need a little. Good. Good. Good. I really like this dish. I like this dish. My mother comes to this dish. She's coming right up the stove. I miss steam. Cover with apples on the cover. Clean and I'm. I need it. We believe it. Won't digest. I am free feed. Check it. Lock it. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm eating what is here. So take all of your clothes. I am eating what is here. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. Come on. Stay with a little bit of shit. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. I'm going to take my clothes off. That's the only thing I miss about Hanukkah is the potato-lockers man. But I sure love those. I can't eat them though because they were like all curves. I like potato pancakes. That's what potato-lockers are. Oh well. They're just like again when you're dealing with Goiam folks. He likes potato pancakes. I like the lockers. You like the pancakes. It's the same thing. I got to take something really amusing in kind of a sick way. And that is during the break. I checked my space mail. And guess who a friend we crashed. Guess who it was. No, you wouldn't know. It was a little boy. Look at about a four or five year old boy. We're nice. I don't really do that. So fast. I want to end up on day line. I'm thinking for a year. I don't want to be on day line. I'm not in the little boy. Sorry. And we've not put in little kids on our own. My space. I mean, it could have been legitimate. You know, maybe somebody kids are home for the holidays. Maybe it could have been somebody. I put in their cash. But of course, it obviously was not. Don't they put in a little boy's or little girls. Rating out on our my space page. We will come and hunt your ass down. And then we'll want to have selling insurance and biggest on the middle of the red rock, whatever that is. There's it. 966 votes on the fall. So how was the soup? Lye about it even if it wasn't good to say. No, it was great. My seafood gumbo. I had a huge chunk of some. Yeah. Yeah. It was good. Wait a minute. Was that live or was that memory? No, that was off the DCS. Oh, it didn't sound like a live. Anyway. So that's good. So that's the original soup man. And they're opening it. Let's see. No, today. All of us says, here. Starting 11 30. Don't pay any attention that press release. Starting 11 30 this morning. Going to be given away free samples in T shirts. The first 100 people who show off. And then the grand opening officially will be this Friday. The 22nd of the case last day. Go and have some soup and honor of any. But anyway, they open today at 2045. Biscayn bullbite of the problem on shops and course the reason I'm flugging it. So heavy nuts is because they brought you guys free soup is because I'm a soup lover. I love my soup man. And even you were saying the other day that, you know, you show me a person. You're a huge, beautiful soup for me. And I'll show you somebody with really bad taste. Yeah, I love the soup. What's not to like? Five cents. And I tell you what I really like the best is my French onion soup. You know, places that make it really great. I had a pop at a parking the dining room. Is that right. Oh, is that's one of the best things ever. All these years it's been consistently good with a thick cheese on top. You, they're French place. It's a work at best French. I knew soup in the world. Where was that? And, on sample in 441. Well, did they have a name? I asked you this before. For some reason. What is it? Lobby and Rose. Lobby and Rose. That's right. Is it still there? Yeah, still there. I'm gonna have to try all these places out of here. Come back down. If that's not the best French onion you've ever had all really pay for it. Now I'll be damned. And they have also very good at the Roots Christmas matter fact, but never less. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 were food intensive today. I got a big pile of stuff here, but you know something that's 20th of December who we'd he cares, you know? We got all this excitement going on in my life is a back on scramble again and I got people running and hiding and squatting on rocks and I got my buddy Moishi emailing me from some phone somewhere. Got all those were and all kinds of stuff going on. And of course my good buddy Harry, he's probably in that back amateurs and I'm lying right now. He's okay. He's a good guy. He means well, he's just a little bit too pushy, you know? A pushy guy. WDQ, I am, hello. Yes sir. Hey, now I was just thinking, you know, you say everybody take off speaker. You know, you say everybody's young on my face. Yeah. The old people should go to a new stuff site called my plot and they can not only, you know, the bucks themselves. Yeah, come to my plot. Yeah, that's good. So that's, that's from a board sales rep driving around, nothing better to do them as soon as they're in. Hey, hey, okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. If things get bad, you always go sell insurance in Vegas. Always be on the land, you know, running and hiding and hiding and running and jumping and whatever. And of course, booze and that pretty good. Here's the broads and bonds baby. That's what it's all about. 911 votes on a full 911 man. We are going to have that thousand before you can say man. We should a lot of food here this morning already. Good thing you're there. I'm here for many reasons. The sunny shonen it is beauty is, and despite the fact that leaves really stump the joinout last night in the panther's kick there as similar to three. That was pathetic. I don't watch too much of it. In fact, I was in the phone with the norma kent during a lot of that game and he was giving me a lot of really interesting information. I thought, well, I sure. Thanks, Norma. By the way, see, because everybody I know all of my real friends, they've been during these last couple of trying to bring me back to a state of sanity and reality because of my juvenile and unacceptable and irrational online obsession, you know. Right. And they did. They, you know, they succeeded. But then, of course, when you find out that you were writing the first place, and that you were being a little long enough, people are game players and that they're running and hiding. What are you hiding from the sweet guy? But anyway, 1918 on the pool, all the way I do know what some people are hiding from. It's going to be 45 of the sunny shonen. What it looks like a great wood by Wednesday to me, you know. Now, probably shouldn't say that because here you'll be amailing me any minute now. Oh, God, I thought I'd talk you off those slots. Those stupid machines, long run. I like it. I enjoy it. It's fun. Well, let me ask you this question because I know you don't like it that much and you had a bad experience there because you don't have a lot of money. But do you think that I'm not, that's not why I didn't like it. Do you think I go there with the idea of I got to win some money today? No, I know you like doing it. What are you? It's fun. So, some of you. Okay. Everybody's got their own fun. Now granted, there are other things that are rather be doing, you know. I'm sure that there are probably some people of legal age there are my space. I probably rather be, you know, taking and escorting them by the hand into my bedroom and having my way with them and just, you know, having a wild time in the other room. And then maybe going through a wood vine, you know, or maybe doing both would be good, right? Right to the machine. And believe me, it's better what you think. I've seen plenty of people in there. I would just, wow, like for a reached out and London a helping hand with their machine or whatever I could do get my hands up. Wow. But you think it's all old-farts in there. It's not. Well, definitely it's not a place to be in their cruising for, you know, don't be doing that. Don't worry. Well, I mean, in your case, you've probably got that girlfriend here. This is right on your shoulder. And let me just suggest this too, because when these couples come in, you know, and you're playing this last, if you want to stand behind your other, you're simply going to be another. You know, I am just realizing that I'm going to have to run in there and do a doose here and say, I'm a joys. Is that right? I don't know why. Well, I just doesn't get all the vets that are out of my system for the holidays now. Or the one teaching a lot of food over here. Yeah, man. Maybe that's it. Maybe I'm catching that from you. It's affecting my innards. Because I thought I was going to have one of those late life accidents in the chair right here now. Maybe it's because of what that other guy said about, let's say plots, my plots. I need to be on the full. We'll get to that thousand easy. They even know it's not one of our, well, it's okay. Even you said the pull was okay. I don't think anybody's going to catch Mo. No, Mo. He enjoys strictly going to two ass race. Mo's got 347 joys 210. Most deserving. Twenty-four eleven at five, sixty-one at two and that schedule. We got Curtis for the mad dog at two. Power hour with the Humphord four all by himself. Hank solo five to seven to seven to seven. You've got three canes warm up at seven o'clock. Her canes and Binghamton at seven thirty. Oh, some college hoops, baby. Her canes and Binghamton followed by her cane wrap up. I've been given the medication. His through the last show on QM. Thanks a lot, Eddie. Take care of yourself. We love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock rock, rock, rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, metal rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock great rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, nothing we will rolling your baby beats no club, rock, rock rock rock, rock rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, But you are too moved But how should you get that feeling But you can't stop fool You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling Yoke You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling You be yelling hatred You be yelling Oh, oh I know you'd better be yelling I'm just getting the fuck out of my mind I'm dying on the ass. 10.49. I love him before 11. I'm trying to say this my space thing is taking off and finding all kinds of new dimensions man. So it's a hood. So play low episode there during the break. What do you mean by that? Usually you don't play that whole bit. What do you mean by a little episode? What tell the zan? Why if you were busy doing something on my space? You were like, I'll just play this song right here. No, I felt like playing that. Okay. What's wrong with that? You don't like that? I love that song. 874 friends on there. Not the little boy though. He disappeared real fast. He was followed very rapidly. It's almost like this is a test. You know, the mind space emergency system to see how we can push meals buttons. They sure pushed the right one. I'll tell you that. Oh man. Woo. Oh, I did get a response from my cousins son. My nephew whatever he is. Who's a good guy. He's 29 by the way. For the crazy people out there. And then we got a, one of the last three new members on our My space pages name is. Huh? Well, he doesn't, well, he doesn't sure have a name, but it's just you know. You know, I'm saying, 828, one more. Huh? And yeah, he's high school senior. He's been listening since he was 14. He's 17 years old. I'm unfortunately for me. Really, really looks good. But nevertheless, all you people out there, he's right there on our page. And if you want to go to jail like Mike, Miss Kamal, go right ahead. I will give a response, but of course it'll be very measured and very cautious and not too friendly. You know what I'm saying? Hmm. Anyway, it's a 10, 4 left. Five, 60. Why did you give me the this nice face thing with value idiot? Good. Golly Miss Molly. Well, at least it's better to have somebody, you know, who looks good on there as opposed to somebody's mouth breathing. Yeah, I mean, we can't all look great, right? Look at me. For example. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Huh? And pound five, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? This is Rick. Please. What's up? They do it. Good. I was just want to know what the Jacob update. If he's working for the Tart Times, the Copina Pomp. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. And pound five, 60. You know, actually he's selling insurance in Vegas is what he's going to be doing. One of these days, he is whatever. He's running and hiding and running. Whatever. And now they got my friend, huh, on there. Oh, man. Wow. I can see, I mean, talk about being, I mean, this is a whole different category for what that I was going through. But this is a, I can see that there could be people on there. You know, if, and who the hell knows what you're dealing with? Who the hell knows if it's really the first net claims it's them. You know, they could be using somebody else's picture. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah? How did there were somebody posing as me? Really? I believe he's a friend of yours on the, on the site. A friend of mine. Oh, you mean one of, yeah, a friend of mine. I love the way you say that. See, this word friend, you know, with this, my spacing. Oh, you have eight, every December, four friends. Yeah, you should look so on. And all these people are friends as I discovered. But nevertheless, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Here's the appell results so far. Because I know that's the most pressing thing on your mind. Now, every break I'm going to be like checking on that thing. And I mean, you're going to turn me like a neurotic, my space person. But I will be like I told you extremely cautious. Okay? Because number one, I'm not, I don't, I'm not like a fish in the sea. I don't bite at jail bait. I don't bite on that. Number one. Number two, I'm not interested in them. I like little, little boys or little girls or little anything. The one thing little I care about is attached to my body. 955 votes on the pole over the years, which person or person's a QM have been the subject of meals on the year, ripping, who deserved it the most? More hard day than day. $2.5, $3.5 is leading by far, $3.5. Three, $3.5. To a spits, rhymes with bich, $2.5. And after that, I hate this pole 92, Greg Reid's 68, The Bee's Lays 59. A sales team 40, guilty, guilty since at 29. Wouldn't he be invite me to dinner? School and 24 Scott for Rally 19, the engineering staff for 18. The water not see. To a now water not see, and don't mess with my lawn. She had 10. He's gone. Terrence eight, Robert Quie per six. Hey, grapeer. I'm sorry. I can't do for you names. Idiot. Jeff Irmer, the rimman five, got rid of him. Jeff High five, we also got rid of his fat ass. And Jeff, me photo for us, me photo money. Two. And of course the one thing about engine, what a default. You're a blunt killer. So you have blue that whole line. Well, I'm emotional now. You don't say? Huh? So look at that. I'm looking for a hum. I can't find him. He must be right. Messages to him. I take it. I'm not writing messages to anybody. I'm doing a show here. I don't have time to be writing messages to people. I mean, what are you talking about? I'm going to write some, I'm message to some hot looking 17 year old kid that just showed up on my space coincidentally, but after some little boy showed up on her, like, I'm really that stupid. Give me a little bit of credit. Okay. I will say this. You know, whether I write a message or not, he sure looks good to me. I'll tell you that. But I'm not stupid now. Although I will be in town soon. Oh, man. This opens up a whole new dimension for all the teases of the world out there. Oh, man. Just put a real subtly look and picture yourself under saying, hey, how you doing? How you doing? Like that. Man. And people will be getting spastic all over the place. Experts says machine setup caused a serosota under vote. And MIT political science professor is an expert on lesson systems testifying yesterday that is statistically unlikely that nearly 13 percent of serosota voters turned out to vote in the Southwest Florida Congressional race that one that we all know was fixed in a bunch of BS. A more likely conclusion we're spending unusually high under vote is that something went wrong and the preparation to voting machines, the expert shall stew it told the judge doing hearing over whether Christine Jennings campaign can get access to computer codes. Used to program the electronic touchscreen voting machines, man. We had some bad machines, man. Store testifying for the plaintiff that confusion over ballot is a unsimbed unlike explanation because far more confusing ballots confusing like you look at it and you go, huh? Such as the infamous Palm Beach County Butterfly Ballet from 2000 had much lower vote error rates. Lawyers for makers of the voting machines, election systems and software encountered that store system on account of the speculation, no one in that there were higher under vote and the customer is an employee of the attorney general's race to never ensure the county on the same machines, man. State officials have declared Republican v. Kennedy winner over Jennings by less than 400 votes out of more than 238,000 cash to the race to replace the anxious vote fixing representative of Catherine Harrison Congress. But 12,49 percent of voters in serosota come in and record a vote in the race far more than the two to six percent of voters in other counties in the congressional district who approve to skip the Jennings v. Kennedy race. But it would be put above. And you say fixed election fixed. Yeah, I think you need to be really very weary about this. So, you know, and especially all far like me, I'm sure that all the punks out there. You know, they've been through the ropes. You know, I'm saying they've smelt it and sniffed it and checked it out and they know what it's all about. Huh? You are really bad. Well, I see that he's sure up on it is one of our friends yet. I don't know. You're going to lift them all? I know. What do you mean by that? Wouldn't what don't the most recent one show up on the most recent page? And believe all you mean for all you perverts out there, leave our friends alone. Okay? I mean, if you want to be friendly, that's one thing. Unless you want to, maybe you can go up there and make license plates with Miss Kamal, some of you perverts. Well, how do we know where they show up? Or don't they show up in an order like that? No, they don't like it. Well, you'll have to do a search, you know? Just keep looking and looking and looking. I'm sure some of you probably will. 1056 a QIM. The girl knew Roger's show. This is your brain. Any questions? Well, my friends, the time is gone. Who did my doctor get you wrong? On the highway, she swears too and too. While the silence play on the old. Because it's just a thing I say in advance. You see her coming run real fast. She goes to Swapapa, the gun's up, get on that. Alright, stop. And it goes in here long. Do you hide? On the highway. On the highway. You hide. You hide. Do you hide? You hide. You hide. You hide. It goes in advance. You see it. But again, I'll just get you out. You hide. She's got her natural manner. And we're at all the flowers. You, you, I have. My mind. She can't drive. Oh, that's the beginning. And I'm right in the middle of sending a very important message. You have messed up my life, Miguel. Go find him and beat him with a club. Alright. Are you not eating more food again, alright? No? Huh? I'm done, man. Oh. Start my guilt says, can I be a friend of your my face? We're up to 875 friends now, by the way. This thing, did not tell you before the show today. It kind of like grows exponentially. And the site too. Yes. I'm growing and growing and it's just like, I like that. It's just amazing. I can remember when we had like a 500 people. It just keeps getting bigger. Yeah, you said it, Jennifer. I want to have Jennifer Remis doing. You wouldn't know. You don't all these people. No. She was a she's a nice person. She's great. See, I'm like a lot of the people you've met in this business who are real A whole. She was a sweetheart. Like Jennifer Lot. Hope, but have you all day Jennifer? Jennifer Remis. And Terry Griffin and all about our other friends. We have so many. And of course, Pete the abort up chronic who called yesterday. Anyway, it says, hey, you can be a friend in your mind space. This is stuttering you'll pull idea. How soon will the Julios return to Cuba after Castro dies? Yeah, right. Likely story. Likely story. So I got another message on there for my close personal friend. Huh? Who was in certainly not the four year old boy? Oh boy. Oh boy. What? Hey, listen, I'm, I listen. Anybody's not invited you over to the house or anything, right? No, no, no. I'm more in Florida. He's very evasive and I am writing to him. That's a very good idea that anybody who looks like that, more evasive and better. I'm just telling you right now, man, this, this is like taking a stick of dynamite, lighting it on fire and sticking it right up your back though. You won't say him? So he's very, very weary because you don't know who you're dealing with on the other end. You know, you have no idea because there are a lot of really crazy people out there as you well know. But nevertheless, WDQAM hello. What a plan. Ah, yeah, huh. WDQAM hello. Me or you don't, you don't give me a chance. You never give me a chance. You never give me a chance. You're right. I, well, you, I would didn't and I won't. Nobody wants to give you a chance. That's why you have, uh, I have no life. But, uh, pathetic. Hey, listen, Castro is going to be dead any minute. And I'll be, you get on a banana boat and go back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the horizon singular. Fireless line, we're making incredible strides into the 21st century boys and girls. We're starting to like, uh, in fact, this is going to be, well, the hip is Joe and his to the human race with a, uh, 64 year old daughter-in-old fart host. How you like that? That's right. A documentary says French special forces had Osama bin Laden in their sights twice about three years ago, but their US appears never order than to fire. The French military, hi, ever said that the incidents never happened and they report was a wrong news information. Right. The documentary we do there next year and seen by Roderous yesterday says the troops could kill the al-Qaeda even Afghanistan, but the order to shoot never came, possibly because it took too long to request it. Or are we on top of things or what? Not. In 2003 and 2004, we had been Laden, our sights and stuff were said I have been Laden and anonymous French soldiers quoted as saying the documentary we've been Laden, the feelings of a manhood, is by journalist Emmanuel Rosave and Eric Delavra, some frog name, who worked for a civil major French media outlets in Afghanistan, a cable TV channel fence where the documentary in March. In March, did you let it be the one year anniversary of somebody's DUI? Rosave said the soldier tripped in the roughly and then he was supposed to say, huh? No, I didn't have no idea. I don't know. I don't know that much about, huh? Oh, you're going to. Why do you say that? Oh, I just got a feeling. Let me ask you a question. Because I have nothing but revulsion for all these pedophiles that seek out miners online. Because if you're taste-run, like little kids, then you ought to like probably blow your brains out. But if you're taste-runs to like like this, fully, for example. Why do they have to be chasing down in 16 year old pages? Like when they have gone after people were like legal. Although I will say, I don't know, from what we hear, he was like, you know, he was grooming them when they were like 16 and 17. And then when they got to be 18, when they got to be legal age, then he was a doing. They were grooming and doing. Doing grooming. Yeah, that's right. That was Mark Folligan. I wonder what he would think of, huh? I wonder what any self-respecting queen would think. I know what they would think. It's just for fun, man. It's just for fun. But what I'm saying is that it's obvious to me now how it's so easy to get sucked in. That's a bad expression there, but nevertheless, you know what I'm saying? Yeah? Who now knows what you're dealing with? And it's this to me, the timing of it's not that I want to insult anybody because I just don't know, but it just seems very strange. Well, speaking to that, speaking of gay, 73 percent of US military members would accept openly gay lesbian service members being in their units according to a new polaroise by Zagbe International and the Michael D. POM Center. Over one in five response to the survey said they know for certain that somebody in their unit is gay or lesbian. You're fairly. The survey was conducted at both combat and on combat units according to a statement issued by the service members legal defense network in a pain by page 1Q. We know what the Q stands for. Today's poll is one more nail in the coffin of Don't Ask Don't Tell, said, see Dixon Osborne, Executive Director of service members legal defense network. He said the statement. The survey included over 500 troops who served in Iraq and Afghanistan. 45 percent of them. Can you imagine knowing the number of Proverts that we have listing out there how many of them are scouring our mice face and the page right now looking for. Can you imagine that? Well, how about giving out the, you know, the URL since a lot of people I'm sure aren't even mice face. They don't have mice face. Face.com slash Neil God. There you go. That's what you got to do. Well, we have a nice link to it on our, on our Neil Rogers page on the arroges.com. It's right above Al Gore's picture. It's way way down there way under the polo. I was looking at that this morning thinking, well, that's way, maybe, uh, Eric got to move that baby. You think he can do it. Can you do that? No, I can't do that. But he can move the link. And move it up in a real prominent position. We can get 80 million people on my space and then get all kinds of trouble. Hey, listen, there's no law against looking. Okay. When I look at some of these people as, uh, I just like Miss Foley. Like that. What's wrong with that? Well, even Jimmy Carter had lusted his part in his heart. Did he say that? Something like that? Yeah, something like that. Yeah, something like that. lusted this heart. And you show me any, any person that doesn't have lusted in their heart. I'll show you somebody that's dead. I don't care what anybody says. All these liars out there. All these goody two shoes. All these. Oh, well, I'm a happily married man. Well, it's great. I'm happy for it. We can still got lusted in your heart. Especially if you're married to some old bitch. I mean, nagging old bag. The survey included, uh, over 500 troops are served in a racking afghanistan. 45% of veterans of those wars indicated that all of the day were not certain. There was a gay or lesbian member of the unit. They suspected that there was. They can't be sure, but there's a lot of. Looking into showers. You understand a lot of real. Yeah. The survey responses represented dramatic change from 93 to 13% of service. Remember, so they supported the rights of gay's and those beings to serve openly in the military. I may not be reading well to them. A little bit tongue-tied for some reason. Oh, man. Woo. I just can't believe this show. I just can't understand what you're. If you know this, the turn that we've made here in the last couple of weeks. Yeah, a little bit. We've taken a turn. I think it's a big improvement too. You know, I could be wrong about that. Maybe some of the old fights out there. We don't want to hear about all of this. The disgusting sexual and inner. And of course, whether they know about the internet, you know, right, some of those old-futty-benty people. You know, I think they're a few months of coming to the new, you know. That was, see, I feel bad for the Humper because he at least worked off some calories that tapping on the, you know, on the keyboard. You know what I'm saying? He's just stubborn. I don't know, maybe he's not anymore because I haven't talked them in quite a while, but do you think that he's doing computers stuff now? And maybe of course Larry King, you know, who doesn't do the internet? Because, wow, I've got all those buttons and stuff, you know, a bunch of buttons. And of course, in Larry's case, when he's holding this suspenders up with one hand and using the other to like squeeze his bag, you know, it's kind of hard to get involved in all this stuff. You know what I mean? Huh? 560560 and possibly 560, they've horizoned in singular wireless line. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. I'd say hey no, I'd say hey no, I'd say. I'd say wait, excuse me. I'd say wait. Okay. I wonder if the art of Yiddish is a dying smet. That was not Yiddish. So he was, of course, he's dovething in Hebrew. But we're a hot-tod, a knob, a rape-ree, I've got thin, no boy, that one looks pretty good to me. Whatever it is. Nice. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Close the door. Man, that's your is. Somebody QAM, hello. You know, I'm sick of people complaining about whether there's a Christmas tree or manure. I'm not even religious, and I'm getting a tree. I'm a celebrated, just because it's fun. And positive. That's the piece of a follow-in-millot in cellar. You go, boy. I have to go. I'm going to go. This thing is not real sharp anymore. This box may have to be replaced. Sometimes your box gets old and it don't function well. Now you've got to replace it. That's what I'm discovering. Anyway, I think I've been born again. I might just get a Christmas tree too, although, you know. I don't want the religious part of it. But just to celebrate the holidays, because I feel like I have had a re-injection of life and something in my veins now. You know what I mean? And I've got to buy gifts for those people. And I'm not buying any gifts for strangers, okay? And I've got somebody who can put my will. Have you ever seen the first time in a year of friends? There's somebody who can't forget about friends. Okay? Who now needs any friends? I've got plenty of friends. I don't need any more friends. I just need you. What do you think? I haven't finished my message here, maybe I'd have just mentioned that in passing. And I could just see now, and Neil leaves one million dollars to, who is somewhere in Florida, and is probably just there, holes, I don't know. I have no idea, and the less I find out the better it will be, it just makes more fun. Just keep it a mystery, and all I'm saying is not to say this way, yeah, that's better for you. Keep it all a big mystery. Fulb in its pet, past 11, and I better get on the phone and normal, okay, it's changed my will more often, and some people change their underwear, including most of our listeners. If you want to take good care of your feet, and we have a bunch of people in the audience who got a foot fetish out there, so if you got a foot fetish, make sure your feet are really in top-notch condition, because you never know when somebody might come along, want to give them a little squeeze, a little sniff, whatever. Brandy's carries all the top brands like floor shine, echoing the fist or rockport, house puppies, new balance, all the other names brands, it all sizes for men and women, and they even carry wide widths and hard-fine sizes. Wow, amazing how easy I am, you know? Go see our good buddy Arnie at Brandy, so make sure you get the right fit, you choose for your feet at the right price. Brandy's you'll find it between 1290 and Northeastern Highway and Paparote Beach, right between Atlantic and Copens on the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy's is open every day for your Monday through Saturday, still nine every Sunday till five, and this week Brandy's course, which is everybody happy holidays and invites you to come and see. All the new 2007 styles from Spirry, SAS, Rockport, Echo, foresham, all the other top brands that you know and love. So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week, or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's shoes.com. The biggest name, so best talent for the faces we all rock your screen. Get them and say cheese. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Huh? You are bad. I bet you haven't even found that picture yet. Nothing you would care of course being the firmly head of a sexual male at you are the nevertheless you'll be you'll be looking for it. I just know that And I think a lot of other people will be too just out of curiosity don't respond any of those people are huh Whoever you are which I think who knows is it? We are as it memory. Don't respond because these people are all a bunch of preverts I told him I said you probably a maggot magnet or and then I changed and I said or do I mean a Fagot magnet but nevertheless I think the second one was correct Five six seven and I can see now I got a I got a message on here from some guy well They got one couple and they wanted to get out of Florida and they want me to suggest him places to move to like upstate New York somewhere Don't go to upstate New York okay unless you're a crazy people and I'm sure they want me to say oh go to Rochester, okay? Then you can hop on the bus and you can come up to Toronto and you can buy me dinner or something like that maybe I'll leave you in my will Huh five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the horizon and I noticed that the ha has got a couple of interesting young ladies on there More than much too young by the way. Well, maybe not for him. She's 15. Yeah in California That's the other age scene right there. How about you pardon? That's the under age scene Yeah, the under age scene well he 17 and she's 15 and that means we need to be knows now to their business because we're old Proverts I look in in there, but it's just you know like I said it's just a picture just for fun But the one guy that sent me a message he said this is like crack cocaine My space he said it's the crack cocaine of the internet and I just now just in this last half hour whatever I'm being to understand why I mean how a you know this whole date line thing I started talking about that before again interrupted because you made me all emotionally kept saying huh, but That whole business is much content is a handful of those guys and it's so easy To entrap people on this thing. Am I right? Yeah Wow, just easy to get all locked in and he's just like Look at that And you know and of course people are right new back what they know that you want to hear and they're encouraging you and egging you want If I can say that and then all of a sudden oh, sorry, it's a crisp handsome whatever's name is from date line Well 5670560 560 number see I did open up a pandora's box because I'm not gonna turn my life into a my space nerd and sit here all day tapping out messages to all these people I mean, yeah, I don't know 80 million members by now the thing is growing like crazy That amazing And all these people are like living and breathing under the age of 100 people. That's the amazing part If I really take a look and see what we got on there. How many members? 800 876 now pretty good see if we've gotten this heavy duty like couple of weeks ago We could've made a thousand by the end of the year, but we're not gonna do that and that's already the 25th of December Maybe we can get to 900 by the end of the year. Isn't that a good goal to set? Yeah, let's get to that Ha ha ha ha ha ha 900 by the end of the year and hopefully a lot of them will look this as good as some of the other ones. Wow See who needs all the stress and grief when you got people like that in the world Somebody QA and program line hello WQAM hello Neo yes, sir. How are you sir? I'm excellent good I got a big favorite I asked could you oh I have a cousin who's gonna be called up with the next shipment to go to Iraq Yeah, and he's kind of bummed out about it. I asked him I told him I would call you up and ask if you could play a bit for them Okay, I had asked for it a couple weeks ago, but You got a very upset and hang up and slam the phone down. No, you didn't know which one I was talking about Oh, and I still probably won't well, I'll try it. See one where the United States turns over a control of Iraqi To the Iraqis with Paul Bremer and the Iranian guy who says hey Take back we got a nice place for you here in the green zone I have no idea what that isn't judged in neither he's got like a photographic memory for that stuff. I don't know How will we know when That's not the one When we start out saying this is a great day for two countries And Iraq and how long ago was that plan that maybe Six months ago. Oh, well, I'll sell a little a backward detective work and see if it's fine It'd be great. Okay. I'm not going to be any five thanks Five six seven. I mean, he's asked for that and I would be glad I'd be ecstatic to play I just don't have any idea what it is. Do you I'm sure you don't know? I tell you what do you know? For these bits it is amazing though with George and of course chicken that he might know all the way down What do you mean I love the bit what are you talking about? No, I'm just saying you know You don't have the photographic memory like George does throw up the names of Mar In fact a lot of times I plan to even I don't we remember what they'll name we got a thousand twenty votes on the poll already What a what a banner day this is? I recovered my sanity we are my space pages smoking maybe it's harder than it's harder than a witches tale And we got a thousand twenty votes on the poll five days before Christmas day that is a major accomplishment I'm gonna pat my self on the back and I decided I'm gonna work until I croaked in a couple of weeks I've said it one thing by keep looking at that picture. I am gonna croak much sooner than that You know what I mean what do you mean? Well, it's just it just you know exactly what I mean That we all are what we are Wait a minute, no, I don't see any no messages on there. Okay. That's good give me chance to like calm down here a little bit There's upstate New York Oh no, I see I see you want me to read the message on the air it would be because we don't if doesn't have a name of fix to it Okay, of course. Let's go. I wrote him the message about you know, just be careful because you look like a faggot magnet And he said that's why I do it my profile. I'll send to private So I have to approve anything who wants to view my page or message me or comment on my page That's how I keep the lurkers away. He says good second pali the reason I post only post my picture is because I know people steal pictures from other pages and poses others like Josh In other words posing as you he's not knocking you don't take it personally. No, I know said happen to him I had my space I find my space to be boring and sometimes full of fake people. Oh, yeah, that's quite right, huh? But it's entertaining Your show is great. I'm a house of right wingers So it's great to hear the other side of what's going on in the world from your show. Always anyway enough family says Thanks for the compliments and last especially the last few minutes. I'm not a real stalker Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I think in my will I'll tell you that sudden scene if I you know That's how easy I am see a new people that were like all and including you The other thing was an emotional thing man. You just didn't get it and he did my close former friend there Who the one that's running and hiding and solving insurance and biggest? Who the hell needs that crap when you got the somebody like this? I think this could be a real person. What do you think? I don't know could be a front For a bet The big name so best lucky you Rockress Welcome in that straight, 40 euros Your Another time for this yuan today I'm gonna go to bed, I'm gonna piss you off, It is feel that I thought that you were I'm gonna probably die I think it takes you two There's no good You love, these two More fun One second You're fucking your damn pony, my pony You're fair I don't have too much fun with you, but I'm truly You're totally trash, can't keep all the time now M you the one moment, hold me it's only a baby Kiss me noO close me God be right, no fuck I have a wallet Give this a fucking seafood, never grab all the money Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. And don't forget just a matter of days before the new governor Charlie Christ with a gay lympharist gets this warning. Anyway, I got new wallpaper on my desktop. Oh boy. Oh boy. That's what I'm saying. No, why do you say that? Why are you so negative? He's he's squatting too. No, he's not. I don't know. He's sitting in a restaurant somewhere. Huh? Somewhere. I don't know. He's my new wallpaper. My good, close person with friend now. I'll see if this is good because this is somebody I have never met. Never will meet. And it's just, it's what, see this is fun. If you keep it in perspective. And hopefully I will. Although you never know. You know how emotional we all are. And it makes me sit here thinking about the good looking young people in the world. And on the one hand, you curse them because you say, lawyer, you're all about your teeth is man. You like to applaud it. And stick all your beautiful good looks in our face. And then on the other hand, you think, Yeah, but what's that kind of a world would be without those people? And that latter one, I think is much more important to me. Like in Berlin, man. Man, the people there. Wow. It's just enough to make you want to drop your pants right there in the kudam. But nevertheless, it's 1134 which means they're giving away stuff at the original Superman and Evan Tura. So you guys, they brought the soup and the charred from the burgers. Right. Why? And here on the one hand, I had to go into a joy stare during one of those breaks in a half hour ago. Wow. Like your joy, and we were, ah, ah. Now actually right now, thanks to all this, my space that I'm rejoicing. Is that what's supposed to do during these holidays? We joists. That's right. And have a real gay time. Giving away free samples at the original Superman and Evan Tura starting a four minutes ago. They're doing a right now. T shirts to the first time where people who show up at the grand opening will be Friday. If you're a suit lover like I am now, see I'm curious. What else do they have? I mean, is it a place where it's like a regular restaurant and suit for you? No, yeah, they have a they have wraps, salads, smoothie, and we've. Hold on. Let me, let me go over here and get a menu. That will be a good idea since they brought something. Yeah, they're wrapped. I already played that. You'll be ill. I might just play that the whole rest of the show while I can Versus with some of my friends on it. Yeah, they got soup. They got soup. They got sandwiches, wraps, smoothies, the whole. Yeah. The whole shabang. A whole surmang. Anyway, it's a 20475. This game pulled about in the problem of Shops. The original Superman can't fit in was based on the soup, not the inside film. I wonder if Mike, what's his name is going to be showing up there, Richard? That was bad. I shouldn't say that. But I did. This little joke, okay. If you can't handle a joke, you should be listening to the show. If you're too serious, if you're sitting around listening in your underwear and getting all the work done. There are some people doing that right now. They're sitting around by the radio. They got a cranked up. We're like, oh, I heard him say, I know what he's thinking. Yeah, right. You don't know what I'm thinking. You think you know what I'm thinking. But do you know what I'm thinking? And I'm glad that some people don't know what I'm thinking because they give off of that page real facts. Hey, now, do you want the ratings starting to come in? You want everything? You want everything? You want everything? Huh? You want everything? Like, I got many team plus. Do you want to get them now? That's what I got right now. I hope brought an insurance was he smiling or frowning. Now, what's your boy, Greeper? He brought me. Oh, Greeper? Well, of course, in his case, how it could you tell if I told him once I've told him behind times, get a little bit of emotion in his life. But never let. Yeah, there's something in whatever you got. I got a lot of facts, paper over there. It'll kill some really good time. And allow me to converse with all my good, close personal friends in my my space page. This is just, I mean, who the hell would have ever thought that an old toe like me? And haven't I said a minute times? What? I could have thought. What? That would be on a my space thing. Yeah. We'd have to tell him that you could become obsessed with my space. No, I'm not saying I'm obsessed yet. What is Harry again? By the way, Harry, stay away from Ha. Okay? Hey, listen, Ha, if Harry approaches you, stay away. He's an old, a frag. Maybe that's not the, oh, this is not the Harry from Detroit. I'm a scotsenery, not Detroit. Well, I don't know about Detroit. I was scotsenery. It's just that you were bulletin of, oh, I see that too. The thing from SNL about the, um, **** in a box. I'm bulletin of box. I guess we can say that. Right. Right. Right. And anyway, he said this place is a Ted slonish. I don't understand what he said. This plate, that old that place Detroit is a Ted slonish, right. Thanks for the man where he says Harry. So this is what's causing, Harry. Not that they confused with the, the other Harry. Got it. So if I, Harry, the back end and guy contacts your huh. I would just, uh, I would dump his ass real fast run on run into the desert and squat. Maybe we can get pictures of husks, squatting on the air in red rock cannon. I'd be a big improvement. I'll tell you that. Now let's see, or these are the ratings coming in right now. Let's see, many team plus six team to midnight. This is for first indication. Okay. Right. Oh, no. Really bad. Radio, mom B. That means all the old, the Julios. No speaking in glass got all the diaries. From number four in a summer to number one in this trend. September October to November. Two thirds of the fall book. Radio, mom B. But again, that's all old. Oh, look at that QM nice jump up there. Look at that. Two seven in the summer. A three five in this trend up from a three in the last trend. And then nice. That's overall of course. Very nice. We went from 18th to number nine. And that's why we for Rottenman. We're number, yeah, I didn't mean overall. No bonus money for that though. But then again, this isn't the whole book. If we get a, if we get a big December in the course. Now we got all these living and breathing people out there on my space. I had your place. And I'm saying, yeah. Well, I'll be damned. And it's finally lacking promotion by the Beesley corporate loan and takes it. We're still men and we make our building our own audience and our own my space page one of the time. At eight hundred and seventy six friends out there. Some more important than others of course. I guess I'm going to have to get chicken after doing several drop-ins. Like, huh, like that. And I'll be going, uh huh. Well, they're about one that he did for me. Remember? Well, time. All right. It's supposed to be me. Oh, yeah. There is. Uh. Oh, yeah. Ha ha ha. All right. Woo. Ha ha ha. Uh. A couple more times. Uh. Uh. Uh. What's goes? Anyway. Okay. Let's not get off on that tangent because it sounds awfully fay and awfully embarrassing. I've had enough personal investment on the show of my own making, by the way. I have no regrets. I've had so many things like that. I've had so many things like that. I've had so many things like that. So, that's a couple of weeks. It's just a call being honest with yourself. You know what, what the hell do I care? Because I see I've told you this one thing before. I don't live my life based on what other people think. I, uh, you know, I just did do it. I just, uh, call it like I see it. And I live my life as I have you it. And that's it. And that's it. And I don't like it. That's for you. Including you, Joyce. And any other de-wrainge individuals out there. Okay. Let's look at the morning. I bet you're Kenny and Howard. Kicking ass. You're talking to a little sports and talking about all the sex. Radio Mombine, everyone in the morning and many teen plus with a six forward. Is anybody believe that? Oh, old Julios man in domino park. If they were smart, they'd be playing back game and they're playing dominoes. Hot 105 dropping, uh, oh, they're tied for first with a six forward man. WSDJ FM, more no speaking, ways. Radio Mormore, no speaking, ways. We haven't got a chance. How do we even compete in a market where nobody's speaking in place? Big drop from a six in the summer to a five three. That's Iran and the old Paul. That's Iran who spends a lot of time on his my space page too, by the way. CNQ FM, no speaking in places, six for the four five. The needy are I'm looking for us QBA. All these ethnic states, not only old ritmo. Wow, wow, wow. I OD from a three five down to a three three and QM in the morning. We went from a one seven in the summer to a two seven. That's here for Kenny and Bowen toast and those of Graham. From 19 to 13th through the two seven in the morning. All right, what about what about across the street? We can't read the ratings without mentioning about them. Even the life thing for basically out of business. Chris was told me that they really need help. Is that what you were saying? Yeah. He said they suck over there. Although they went up a little bit in the morning from a two to two to a two four. Joe Rose got rid of his two two and I was running a two four two by four. So that ain't much. And radio, what about the air, scare America? They even still on the air after the bankruptcy. They went from a one four to a two two. Look at that. They went from 23 to 18. So we did okay there in the morning and then we'll see what happens in the day after the break. While I check out, you know, some things online here. Look, I'm going to be a busy guy. If I'm going to be able to keep up with all this. You know what I'm saying? I actually know how I was. The biggest name. So best talent to the business. We all rock. Pacing your on Q.A.M. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in the wreck right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard in the wreck. Not there's no national guard at now. They're going to be like, drop here in the tank. She's kind of a tight driver, central pong. You look that mean. So quish a little bit. I could tell he was in the dark. So I acted out my pocket, she read. And with my arms, the trees are made. There's no bug, speaks English and a muggle. I went down to my, you know, I met with which where the way I was. And I walked into a red dust storm. But the guard there's hot real fun. Guys, and walk kind of, fortune be me just not to end up. What does that mean? The mud is too English. I got him more. That corner's deadly. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan. I think it was a melee. Or you can go back to the war, right? Or you can go back to the war, right? I came here to the gohmer. And I went my A.B. seat. I don't say much as grossies. I'm so pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quicker in America now. Stop making me sick. I've been on the spot as speechless. I've been on the spot. There's my suggestion if there's any tourists that there might be accidentally finding our show if you're a driver around town, you stop at a gas station convenience store. And you can't understand what tell these people are saying to you, just say, uh-huh, like that. Right? Yeah, that's it. That's a good way to communicate this out for me, just, you've seen that. 1989 votes. I've been busy answering all kinds of stuff, and not just, uh, like that either, okay? See, that's a problem. You understand that I'm bonding with our listeners out there. You think it's all about, fuck, it's all about, you know, getting pictures of some hot look in the young dude, you know what? I mean, you know, that's fine. I don't have any late-stany webcams yet, and nor do I, you know, hahahaha. Oh, this is just, it's a whole different world. It's like I've fallen off the earth, and I've been on some kind of a spaceship, and later than on another planet. You don't see? I've left the earth and laid it on your reignus. Okay, let's see the back of these numbers. Now, we kicked some big fan ass by the way, did I give the morning number or what? I think I did that, didn't I? Yeah, you did for the break? Yes. Radio Mumbi, which is old Julios, and of course, the good part for the good news for us about that is once you get back to normal that we're grabbing 25, 54, and drops off all those old parts like me, because who cares about 55 plus? Anybody care about us? No, except those nice people on our mice-based page. Oh, God. Anyway, I'm in a day. Many team plus, CNQFM69 is number one. No, speaking, glazed. Radio Mumbi's 67, and again, keep in mind that's old. I wouldn't be surprised if we were number one. When we get to 25, 54, even these two months, because we went from a four, six in the summer to a four, five in the first friend of the fly, and now a five, five. And it's 10 to three. So that means 10 to two, we're like about a six. Got it? Yeah. IOD from a five-old to a four, nine. There's about there about flat. We're moving on up in there about flat. Love 94, hot 105. How magic do they're in a morning? I probably ought to look at that tonight, or buddy, Ricky Tickey. What's all this heat carry is getting out anyway? By the way, congratulations to you. I'm not retiring. I've changed my mind. And you know what? What has given me? Well, besides my friend Moishi and all my other friends in the normal. And all the, what's given me the inspiration to continue for least another 50 years when it's time you'll know? That's part of it when it's time you'll know. When I think about retirement, I think to myself, and then I say, no, I don't think so. Right? Right. You don't even know who I'm talking about. You're like, you're sitting there. I've been going to you during every break. You're scouring that page up. Yeah, who's it? I just searching for them. Yeah, no, you're not. I mean, just out of curiosity. In other words, you tell me you're not the least big curious to see who this is. That I'm making such a big issue about here. Well, what do you mean? I can't, you know, all right. Can't, well, I'm going to look for them right now, okay? No, you don't have to do that. No, I'm going to. Okay. Let me know when you find them. Now, where am I going to find them? Is it, did he? Oh, I don't know. When you want to get friends, I mean, yes. Jesus, I'm going to have to look through all your friends. Well, you only got 1876 friends. You'll know when when you see him. Okay. He's got like a Navy attesture, though, with some yellow lettering, I don't know why. He said, like at a table in a restaurant. We have to get all this, you know, LV. Because now, of course, I know there are a lot of these purverts that they're going to be looking. They're going to be on it. They're going to be searching. They're going to be scouring. Of course, he just says he's somewhere in Florida and he's like an anonymous. Good thick and, huh? Good thick and he knows that, you know, and he knows that people are looking that. Of all persuasions in the going, they're not just going, huh? They're going like that. A lot of hugs. See what I'm saying? Anyway, he's taking the show today. He's been listening to it when he gets home from where we're taking it right now. And I would suggest one thing. I know there are a lot of people out there that get all excited when somebody talks about about the attention and that. But just to when you listen that tape, keep your hands above the counter, okay? CNQFM is number one in midday with a six hour. I just have to reading these. She's not that I'm distracted, right? Think like that. Must be your fault. It's me. Actin' it was three to seven. A radio on more, a five nine in men. Number one. No speaking in glaze. A radio on being. No speaking in glaze number two. It's just a Julio World man. CNQFM. No speaking in glaze number three. A EDR fan more ethnic stuff. Four three number four. And hot one or five. All the top five in afternoon drive are ethnic. Black and Hispanic etc. And then big and the NXJ magic and global 94. Where in hell are we in the afternoon? Oh, there we are. First down the next page. From a two four in the summer to a three seven. All right. Nice going Joe Bell. I told you it should not a long time ago, but it's better late than ever. Now I know what I want from my rating bonus because it's obvious that we're going to make a nice bonus on this one. The full book comes out in a month. You following me? Kind of. Oh, you're busy looking. I'm sorry. You're looking to see what you know. Oh, no, I'm not. Now I'll start doing that now. No, no, no. No, in lieu of the cash from my Christmas bonus, I just want. I see. I would be as a tenth with a three six. And then I and Z.S. skier America went from a two four up to a three four. Woo, look out now. Man, they're on the move. Now that's a bankrupt. That must be who is that? Spank and Al Franken or no, it's the afternoon. I'm who's on. And I don't care. Wraffsy from a one nine in the summer to a two two in the afternoon. What did we do? Where the hell is Kiwam? Oh, a three seven. We kicked their ass, baby. Now that we got the lineup back there and the people in the right day parts. And we got the hump or back in the afternoon and mad dog following us. Nice going. If they would listen to me a long time ago, we wouldn't have to go through all this grief. And my right. If I wouldn't have been trolling at my space page last couple weeks, I wouldn't have to go through a lot of grief. But you know something I have no regrets. I can't believe I. What? I'm I'm a rummaging through your friends right now looking for this guy. Yeah. Oh, no, it's from interfering with your rummaging. I said, what during the next break, I'll find out where his thing is picture that is popped up. Tell him to host a comment or something. So I don't have to. I know you're communicating with him. Tell him to post the comments or I'm communicating with him. You said it in such a kind of like sub-rosal way like I know you're trolling this hot young stud. And that's what you really were thinking isn't it? He's jealous. Yeah. Oh, let me set my profile to private real quick. I got an as for a Joshua Nice guy. I appreciate everything you've done in the show. It's not because you're leaving where you think like that. But you're not in the same league with your friend. Well, I think he's not in my league, but you know. Oh, look at that. At least physically. Now he may be a mental midget all of his, his, his, me my messages have been very lucid in the, uh, Lord or whatever that means. Okay. So there's the numbers we did great. You take the audiences you will there loyal and they put up a lot of crap. But I think there have been a good time. It's a gay time of the year and the festive and gay. That kind of gay and whatever other kind of gay you want. We got 10, I do not. If I clicked that baby, I bet you'd go to a 100 and then some. I just click it. Over the years, what person to QM that needs been the subject of the meals on a year, S ripping has been the most deserving. And of course, it's mo, 20 and a mo. You go to the dodo with the bad hair piece that he found. And burst amount of it. That was a great accomplishment. Even you would agree with that. Uh, Mo Howard David at four 10. Joyce fits the bitch 238 and I hate this pull 109.9%. Very easy got that 9.9. Robert creeper factor must be. Greg Reid 80 the B's Lee 75 the sales team 50. The only girl scenes got 31. Didn't even bite me to dinner with the panthers kicking a crap out of the lease last night. 7.3 screw an 28. Scott from Rauh 21. The engineering staff 15 to water not see 11. Clarence, so lengthened away they only nine. There's that nine again. Jeff Ramer outside out of mind. 8. Speaking of buying people dinners. Robert creepers got eight. Got six. Jeff high five and the me photo for us has got three. He's still on the urban area. I mean Chris would know he listens over there just to monitor. He's a little bit of a lethal meter. You don't know. See he's vanished from the scene. See there's a lesson in life for all your kids out there. Never be a. Uh, but I was bad move on my part. Or you're going to have vanished from the scene. And off he's seen. So I'm Chris. A lot of people these days like vanishing from the scene. The biggest thing. So I'm the final. Let's do this. It's nothing rocker's sports. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls. I listen to the meal rotters quote for one hour. Right. That's a new day. Dad, dad, dad. Oh, someday you'll be dead. Yeah. Dad, dad, dad. Someday we'll all be dead. The minute we're born we start dying. We die a little more every day. Younger old, rich or poor. There's nothing we can do to stop it. So it looks long at that Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you see. Ah, they're great. Your house in green and red. Because someday you'll be dead. Oh, dad, dad. Oh, someday you'll be dead. You're fair. Dad, dad, dad. Someday we'll all be dead. Yeah. It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens, it will seem to soon to you. Ah, so be sure on Christmas Eve when you're snuggled in to them. That you thank God for your family. Because someday there'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday there'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas is our left in their short night? Nobody knows. That's my point. Enjoy the world you've done. But, you're in there. And someone has this morning that good tidings through your head. Yeah. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll be dead. Oh, dad, dead, dead. Oh, I thought I'd want you to know. Yeah. A very merry Christmas to you. Ah, dad. I'm dying out of the air. Probably to a five-sixth year, ouch Kurds. And it's 830. Yeah. It's 21. and the top third from the left on the top with his Jeff there's Johnny too and there is uh uh uh uh right next to Amy he was no photo you don't see it no what are you looking at um okay who's the you're on page 20 yeah I think it's page 20 I believe it says listing 681 to 720 of 876 or not I'm on page 18 excuse me I think that's close to 20 you know really come a lot hey listen the law for feet today huh little while I've been swept off my feet okay it's been a real treat is for my feet and now I'm gonna use some neat to get all the hair off my head okay okay I got it here we got it now click on it click out of a couple times you'll see keep getting bigger the more you click at the bigger you get I got news for you what I'm not gave it that can I got nothing on me but you know I'm just telling you you're right Chris he's jealous very very jealous I just can't listen to each it's okay I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I okay yeah there's something he's 17 years old that's exactly right I just got through a town you he's jailed me that you see it says right there me old 17 you'll have to click on his a thing somewhere in Florida he's obviously staying anonymous for a good reasons because you know there's a bunch of old pervert like me that would like to jump on his bones now he tells me what is 18th birthday is that'll be another story see what I'm saying that you go in the will when he's 18 yeah he could go in the will right now as far as I'm concerned because that's that's how you know that's just how the minds of some old perves work like me anyway so you might impress you don't like him at all you don't think he's a good looking kid I don't know of course you don't know because you don't you want to say one way or the other because it's too embarrassing you can't have an affair that we cured you that a long time ago you're going to be admitted that Brady Quinn was a hot start after the time Brady business and I you don't want to tell me that my close friend I best friend the word is you know whatever he is well in any way he's getting a lot of attention okay and we'll see I'm sure he won't run away like some other people because he's I'm sure he's not hiding from anybody and he doesn't have to hide because he's anonymous he's smart WQA and hello yeah okay good WQA and hello hey Neil yes sir you didn't tell us how old Sidney across the street help teach it his ratings where I was waiting to hear that Sid yeah let me see that idiot throw all the stuff on the floor so I have a jesus yeah I was hoping to I'm sure I guess you I'm sure it's like a 0.0000000000 well in midday midday we had a five five number three and man and that's a 10 to three so from 10 to two we're like maybe number one that's 18 plus and let's see Waxi oh my is Sidity Kiddzie on a low now now that's a juices slow me cook yeah oh they won from a one five to a one seven from twenty second twenty first so they move it on a very slowly they make it a little bit of a movie one seven not even worth getting a transmitter turned on for yeah my friend called me last week he said turn it on seven ninety the he just got a bison and that guy said was saying that we traded so many people for him and then he said it was a joke and started laughing and saying look at all the lines lit up by fool too yeah idiot that well listen that's how we're doing yeah there you go wait a minute see if that sounds like a whole hour David used to do that did he really make crap up on you and the pastor is dead and somebody just won fifty trillion dollars in lottery not much of ever he used this show to promote that he had the breaking story on who the deep-up thin yeah oh yeah right and turn out to be just a scam well that's what you get from a guy that goes so do do do do you know saying huh yeah in fact that's every time we would do that do do do do do do everybody in the building we go like that boy so good thing we got that in there you know he must have been a psychic uh... chickenac put it in there for you making funny you of course come to find out later on worthwhile all together i don't know just my mind my mind after all of this stuff and just i it's almost to be true the sun shining would believe there's not a cloud in the sky it's the twenty of the senators not a snowflake anywhere to be seen inside here nothing such a thing is global warming you understand it's gonna be forty five today now realize for you that sounds pretty damn cold and florida but for here i mean that's pretty damn toastie a specially December that's what i'm trying to say the twenty of the summer no snow is going to be sun in forty five degrees there's not such thing is global warming and like i told you yesterday the good thing for me is all the long since dead before all the polarized kept totally melt your all got a drown in stuff like that but all you post man i'd learn to swim real well this little advice for you all speaking of getchies and i hate to do this at this time of the year i'll say the story to the left of the tics and what is really good calls well there's so many of them they're like an out for and w q a m hello bill yes sir he's not great how are you doing today i'm doing sensational man actually radio my friend good to hear you back i thought you're ready to send that contract i've life time like that how about those i've been mentally numbers yeah how they coming along i just got just got your given we kicked ass man all the new we kicked ass q m is on the other take up the line of straight now finally thanks to i mean jo excellent meal all right my friend you take care okay i'm a happy pally okay let's give those numbers again little kill some good time he didn't hear him the number on our polls eleven twenty six and we were finding a lot of good numbers on that my space page let me say it again see because i know what's going to happen eventually down the road if we get like all involved with that thing like we are not an option like we are now all much more said that this is just this is just a teeny tiny tip of the iceberg man we're just starting to explore you know what what's living in breathing that's out there we and you don't know what's real what's fact fiction and what's friction and what's uh... whatever but somebody out there in this audience and don't go bring it off okay if you can't control yourself if you're some kind of a pre-vert now my paper but i have a little common sense and i'm not going to get myself in any of a jackpot like a crackpot but some of you people out there gonna start communicating with some of these people you're gonna be sorry i'm just having a right now you're gonna get burned in the did did did did okay and when you get burned in the did did because you're in any of the look at me and go uh... like that right we told you don't say we didn't warn you right ahead of time because it's a place for our pungsants constant chunks and whatever monks i wouldn't be surprised i'm on some of their washroom is the mungsin talking about good friend ternian soup man all god was at a good place mungsin long before your time no you know way back in the day that's what a soul for it's talk about all the famous restaurant all the great places long before you pungs were born a woman who reported a vicious attack by an ad hoc modesty patrol on a Jerusalem bus last month is now lining up support for her case and maybe including a petition to the high court of justice overly guilty of sex-negligated buses this is in jewersolum mary mishir says he was traveling to pray at the western wall and jewersolum's old city early November 24 when a group of alter orthodoxy her ready men a tector for refusing to move to the back of the number two bus she's now in touch with several legal advocacy and women's organizations and at the same time waiting for the police to apprehend her attackers and her first in and of you since the incident she hears that on the bus three weeks ago she was slapped kicked punched in push by group of far-biscuit men who demanded that she sit in the back of the bus with the other women the bus driver response to a media inquiry denied that the violence was used against her but she is a kind of been substantiated by an unrelated eyewitness on the bus of confirmed that she's just in the unprovoked severe beating she or an american is really woman who currently lives in Canada says that on a recent five-week vacation was real she wrote the bus daily that the old city of pray sunrise they'll not defined by the bus line as a sex-negrated nihadreen bus women usually sit in the back while men sit in the front of the matter custom because the far-biscine treat women like garbage every two or three days someone would tell me to sit in the back sometimes polite we in sometimes not she because this week in telephone interview i was always polite and said no this is not a synagogue i'm not going to sit in the back but she or a fifty-year-old religious sketchy woman to the morning of the twenty-fourth a man got on the bus and demanded her seat even though there were a number of other seats available on the front of her bus i said i'm not moving any said i'm asking you i'm telling you then he spat in my face in that point i was in high adrenaline mode and called in the son of a bitch which i'm not proud of and i spat back she says how do you like that at that point he pushed me down and people on the bus were screaming that i was crazy four men surrounded me and slapped my face punched me in the chest pulled in my clothing beat me kicked me my snored hair covering came off well that's bad when your snook comes off i was fighting back and kicked one of the men in his privates i'll never forget to look on his face he was going oh that's why that shears as if when she bent down on the odd retriever hair covering one of the men kicked her in the face thanks god he missed my eyes she says i got up and pushed him i sent out want my hair covering back but he wouldn't give it to me so i took his black hat and two in the aisle wow get's he's gone wild man you think that next fight the other that it was nothing throughout the encounters here says the bus driver did nothing the other past you see says blanger for not moving to the back of the bus and called her a stupid american would know common sense no sayful it says i've never seen that in writing me four no sayful wow aren't you impressed that i can actually read that word yeah it's much better than jewizian people blame me for not knowing my place and i going to the back of the bus where i belong according to your shoe of my ear the i would miss the incident she was a county's entirely accurate i saw everything he said someone got on the bus and demanded the cheap order the back which he didn't agree she was badly beaten and her whole body sustained hits and kicks she tried to fight back and nobody would help her i tried to help and the somebody was stopping me from getting up i was going vey as mirror nobody knew what they were talking about my phone battery was dead so i couldn't call the police i yelled for the bus driver to stop he stopped the bus but didn't do anything when we finally got to the uh western wall she was beaten badly i hope you go to the police he said i didn't like that all these far-fist and man all these crazy religious still on the tending and all you pucks out there they were crazy people out of religious people and the religious people are the dangerous people stay the hell away so this is what you're talking about don't worry i told you don't bother me while i'm in here are you sorry hello it's nicky moths oh mister moths good morning how are you what the hell are you doing to me nothing sir you freaking colony no not i got to have a killie call me every three minutes what did we move the protest sir you told me to move the pride and tell you when you must have missed on your stomach no sir you said move the practice to Monday hey listen but wipe on the ball i make the decisions you take the heat right you all know the practice okay how we go on was it anyway hold on what are you moths yeah both shot the hell up i'm on the phone we must find this yeah yes or what was your question i'm telling you i'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson calling the every three minutes i'm gonna go out of my freaking mind hold on we go get evil stop it we're there i'm so full full full full full full full full full full full full full full full it's like this in my hand remix that's your beat is both my other hand remix that's a phone ball right i can't hear anything we missed stop flying the floor sorry either sir sir the moths are working out very well the practice is four minutes time what a moth it's coming so we even beat him that we'll beat fairly oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a rating success hold on a second remember what the hell you're doing with a harmonica really little so boy don't play a remix i'll jam up and down your throat and get that blue burn away for me oh come on bro i'm allergic i tharns sir over 25 million people saw you know by their listen yeah you see me what i'm doing here sir you're on the phone i know i'm on the phone do you see what i'm doing you sure imagination the quiet all while i'm moving my hands up and down fly design i'm the puppet master i said you do it now fox is gonna air over stuff that you cut all the Michael Jackson interview but sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work that's not that's not that's not that's not puppet master me oh green is that yes you have a what's not hell you're doing no it's in the flow ball it's not been wrong with the floor remix what's this in my ear that you'll beat his mouth my other ear remix oh that's the phone that's the phone remix get out go over to where get out i just yes sir kill on me kill on me i'm sorry sir kill on me sorry kill on me softly 20 pounds no that 560 WQ i'm happy Wednesday baby it's just a one of those days we've turned the corner and everything is a sweet you know what sweet somebody we know what's a do you think yeah it's pretty sweet speaking that most Americans have had premarital sex study finds like we need to have a survey for this and of course the guest he's out there releases would say oh you've made that's a sin yeah everything's a sin yeah everything that's good anyway that is correct if feels good if it tastes good if you like it if you want to do it again it must be really bad and that is going to punish you for it that's why he invented in the first place because he's a statistic bastard almost all Americans have premarital sex has to be poor publish yesterday that emailizes federal data over time and suggest programs focusing on safe lessons until marriage maybe unrealistic let me say it again unrealistic the reality of the situations that most people had premarital sex and it's been that way for several decades at Lawrence finer director domestic research at the good locker room student New York City based on like a bunch of Nazis the good locker wants to the New York City based on proper organization that studies reproductive and sexual health the study which used to tickish uh all see this is chopped off again on the edges is bad as 40,000 people ages 15 to 44 and trace the trends of primarital sex back to the 50s of those interview in 2002 95% before they had had premarital sex 93% of the women born in the 40s nearly nine intended it and this is going to make too much sense because the part of it's chopped off but I don't care you know it's 20th of you so what do we care no at the same time it's chopped out can make any sense of it too bad but anyway they're doing it just in case you had a doubt they're doing it and other thing nobody ever got a especially transmitted disease from cyber sex okay and don't forget no webcams for many minors out there either because otherwise they're going to come you're going to buy up on date line Chris Hanson's going to be coming knock it on your door any minute okay what are you looking at there boy all not good see I'm going to be a terrify all these people and I've answered several emails to a whole bunch of people aren't you impressed don't don't don't you think this is a bad idea huh because it's you know gonna occupy all my time I'm gonna have time to even fart in between breaks here on a show well it's a little excitement for you yeah that's right and of course it comes at a very good time I need a little bit of assignment to inject that for a depressing couple of weeks and it's just the way it goes just the way it is okay it's just you know you have a bad experience in it a good experience they have an erotic one and they have an erotic one I'm waiting for the erotic one 1155 votes Mohour David it's strictly a tourist race it's all you need to know who has been the most deserving of my equipment and asked over the years Mohour David did do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do 1431 and joys fits 243 which reminds me I have a almost forgotten about it Of course I'm stalling for time because I'm looking for it, but I almost did forget about it I have a special Christmas gift for joys there you go sweetheart just for you See now George was there he'd find a song especially for you by the McWire system's on crow records from 100 years ago, but you're not gonna find that because you don't got that crap So you find my friend there on the amy space page and you're on impressed let's just you be in huh you you know As opposed to saying yeah that's a good looking kid you know I can see why you're like all smitten with that and getting sticking your nose in that picture real deep you know You could have said that even just just make me feel yeah what you said what you said Look at that phone baby. It's down to a precious few Now maybe of course I'm over old far to say all of this my spade what what do we know from this you know See that's gonna be a real battle now to see if we can continue maintaining the the big mole the big moment And that we had going with with our geriatric audience, you know old far it's like over the age of 30 And all these pumps now we're discovering the show and getting a while give me a ball of this my spacecraft I don't want to get too involved you know I want to get too involved more in doubt right then and I think I can mix these bedtime stories with all this other stuff too I think you could and because for example my close personal friend there whatever the hell his name is Huh, he said that he found out what that was going on in the world by listening to my show So you know these kids in between just doing all kinds of perverted stuff and smoking a lot of dope I'll end between that they want a little bit about what's going on out there now not too much You know Right so maybe we had a quote on a bedtime stories maybe not like you know the whole day just maybe yeah Yeah, that would be good. Like maybe a little over two an hour Two an hour and then one longer one to come out to the nine Morey dad and that just read a morning calm yesterday that was a one from Sunday Now she's got another one because it's Wednesday. It's wood-buying Wednesday Well, I can smell it man. I'm gonna find a good machine. I'm gonna win that 160 six grand progressive jackpot I guess I'm seven ten percent too Josh Me no How now am I gonna send money to somebody that is like a yeah, what what is that? That's like saying I'm gonna send 10 percent to Jacob. You know, I'm what am I gonna do send out in the middle of the the Sahara Desert somewhere Maybe I'll send a telegram to that border That a good idea The older I get the border I am the red rock canian border Senate telegram just squad or right on there Morey and dad says flunking our future The only sex that maybe more savage than she is and so these are the democratic feminist lawmakers representing northern and southern California After Nancy Pelosi and Jane Harmon had their final cat fight about who would lead the House Intelligence Committee Appling enough at the four seasons Harris a lot in Georgetown the new speaker passed over the knowledgeable and camera Igor Miss Harmon and mystifying the gate the consequential drop to Sylvestre Ray is a Texas Mr. Ray is probably tricked over the most critical theme in the field intelligence Jeff Stein interviewing the Uncoming chairman for the congressional quarterly asked him whether al-Qaeda was Sunni or Shiite predominantly probably Shiite the lawmaker guest as Mr. Stein corrected him in the article al-Qaeda is profoundly Sunni If a Shiite showed up at an al-Qaeda club I'll say slice of his head and use it for a soccer ball Mr. Stein followed up with a hezbo law question what are they again mr. Ray's was stump Hezbo law he's damn it. Hezbo law. Let me ask me these questions at five o'clock and I answer in Spanish Okay KS has below She says Sondigas naked of essentials his Britney Spears the new intelligence oversite chief pleaded that it was hard to keep all the categories straight Thank heavens Mr. Stein never got to this Syrian al-Wites Many Americans including those in charge of Middle East policy are be fuddled and fed up with the entrenched travel and religious Beakers of the region as billa Riley says to the remark. I don't ever want to hear Shia and Sunni again But it's beyond the job description of top officials to waste the problems away Especially when the entire region is decomposing me for our bully rise If Mr. Ray has said then we do the newspaper might have noticed mr. Stein's peace on the times op-aid Pades to my earlier in which like a one-kish alley G He caught many intelligence and law enforcement officials as well as members of Congress who didn't know the difference between a Sunni and a Shiite Too many officials and targeted war in terrorism just don't care to learn much if anything about the enemy We're fighting he can food it and that's enough to keep anybody up at night The lack of intelligent urgency about our Middle East wars is chilling the Iraq study group of order of their efforts in Iraq or handicapped by the fact that our embassy of a thousand is only 33 Arab mixed speakers and just six of them are fluent W. Of course failed to form a fierce pop quiz and still became a close ally of the Pakistani dictator who heard to his general That general what's the answer to job being set of apologies somewhat dull Charles Z. Wick who headed the West information agency during the Reagan years said a memo to was staff saying that he and the President Even though a France was a member of NATO Mr. Reagan already been the president for years the time Steve wiseman reported when the expression Prize at ring that the Soviets had most of the nuclear weapons on land-based missiles while American relatively few One possibility is the Mr. Science questions who just too darn hard he should have pitched a few worms like how many sides I was hearing the Sussanite triangle or which religious figure Mohammed or Jesus hasn't been the subject of a Mel Gibson film perhaps the questions could be phrased jeopardy style as in the name shared by two kings in Jordan and Saudi Arabia What is Abdullah? I'm all the Patrice mebbe easier on Harry policy makers for instance, which of the following quotes can be attributed to Dick Taney A So long as the Arabs fight against the tribe so long they would be a little people a silly people greedy barbers and cruel V. That rumstold is the finest secret to defense destinations ever had and see certain things are not known to those who eat with forks Or this is the CI question a a puppy dinner roll be a new Ramadan moon or sea and arc of crisis Once our leaders get a grasp of the basis we can hit them with a truly hard question 3 and a half years after the invasion of Iraq with nearly 3000 American troops dead and the Iraqis not remotely interested in order or democracy What on earth do we do now? Like a river as here is the king I don't have a middle arm much for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here rocker will have and I'll be a think it over you this Christmas And I to give y'all a special Christmas message I'm not into Year Like how lot of girls please love hag on together and getting together means eaten all passing at some state which boys all fighting and remorse now just one say to you right now you know I may be a big star maybe too big but nobody so big you can't reach out a helping hand helping hand would you hand me helping those masters they're going there which is pretty funny like remorse now like I was telling anybody so big he can't stoop to help a friend and need over the holidays season I speak in a season don't pass me that self-sharter when you get the chance like yeah yeah just just don't scream to cover that like I don't know so this Christmas why don't you all take it to you for mold A.L.S. not all either stay kept right where you are you know what I mean you know I appreciate it thank you I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family and you know God made man and through his own and looking the mirror I have say God must be a big big symbol you know you know what I mean I like it you but I especially want you to remember this one last thing you all the home of Christmas spring and that pop coin up on the three save up big big bowls of the king extra butter you know what I mean I like it you have another bowl fast and I've got a couple of these pizza and a few more than two burgers to 1234 26 to 11 and 5.6 to 12 to thank God the action on the my space has come down a little bit probably because it's long time when you think I hope yeah that's it I need a break and then I got just for my buddy you're slimy I mean Moishi I just had a sitting I'm just maybe I got to take this computer around here you're whipped up maybe by that you're whipped up it's a good thing in a positive way yeah negative anymore oh no in a most positive and beautiful way that's correct oh well it's that time of the area you know maybe somebody who wrapped that thing up in the center here when it gets to be legal 567.560 and 560 for raps and singular wireless line need to get these phones pumping your baby and of course now that it's so Wednesday before Christmas remember what happened yesterday we start out not great all of the day I would say it's been a little bit better when you okay you don't think the phone a bit has been a little bit then probably actually has people say something they so far but like one now we can't we're not Chris are you listening to this he's just done out of the hole you know not about the hospital guy and he said he just jealous that's what it is because I made the comment that you're not in his uh the same game you're not you know I mean you're you're a human looking guy I mean maybe not the best but I mean you're okay how do you between breaks is that it ever gets you through the day you know but uh he believe me he's getting me through the day that's now just one of those things just just a little friendship and a little kid ship and a little bonding that's all online my space in your place and my face five six seven oh five sixty and Tom Paul six to the end of the world why are you flying see now you're not talking to George now okay I'm not gonna go back to that crap again at the show he did that was oh man what are you talking about you know the one I'm talking about I'm not I'm not I don't think I do I'm not going back to again WQA M hello hi John WQA M hello Neil yes sir happy with the with mine wins the two year and back to you say I'm sorry story about slot machines it's nothing I have nothing against them but my old man when I'm poor mother died he married this woman and she uses slot machines money laundering Neil he put all the money in for her gave her the money and then she every time that he had jackpot she put that check in her uh thank you Kathy so she pretty much plenty now with the slot machines isn't it sweet now she was a really sweet person Tom's all day and you two paly okay thanks a lot lots of for those slots man all depends on which slot and where it is a lot of guys get all worked up about those slots number and eighty votes eleven eighty dollar eleven eighty wcham and Rochester but I'm sure that I don't live there anymore for that couple of was asking me on our my space where they should do that you know a lot of people want to get out of so for an answer good idea I got a good idea why not go to Vegas and sell an insurance how's that so me not necessarily like to any real people just like out there in the middle of the desert go after and sell insurance for an artist tell everybody you're going to go to Vegas and sell insurance would be good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rising singular wireless line what a wicked web we we when we practice to be leave is not how that thing goes unlike that matter way all your kids out there there's no sandcloth your parents like raising that's because that's how they were raised to lie to the teeth because they thought it was really cute you know it's like the god bull crap 32 a.m. hello hey good morning ill yes sir good evening how you doing this is Dave from skyline chili up here in front of the giving your call yeah from skyline chili is chronic again what's going on happening is that you called as Dave on i forgot what you said i didn't yet there had mother that calling uh no we uh we have invited you uh we heard you talking about a jacelpa over there we want you guys to come in i don't know if you've talked with yeah i i had a chat with jacelpa he's going to be busy in the desert uh next week uh and the desert yeah oh because what is is he like a stalker yeah he's a stalker right haha oh boy it sounds to me like i'm talking with the stalkers over there hey jacelpa they're after your ass we'd are it and even though you're going to chastise me for this and i you know after all that happened i still uh love you know it's true that that's just me i'm just an emotional kind of guy and uh not like i love that and i'm different totally different way to leave me because jacelpa was not in that category he may think he is you know i'm free you know a lot of these punks have a high opinion of themselves but i still love him with a passion like he was my long loss nephew and then i did find my long loss nephew not that i even know them that that was amazing last night i'm just gonna ready to go to bed and i thought well maybe there's a message you two on there uh certainly not from anybody i know in other course my buddy Harry was on there from Detroit my back-and-encotech and then all of a sudden here's my uh cousin's son from Naples New York i don't want to use their last name on here because nobody's business about my relatives but you know i come to find out that everybody's alive and you're okay and like that and come to find out that he's listening online and he says uh obsessed with his show obsessed with it point-on-year-old guy and that amazing he's obsessed he smiles from air to air as he's listening and he said something about balls i think there was something again with an f before that uh yeah he appreciates my big balls from a distance that is your breath are beautiful was the night before Christmas the whole house was melancholy not a creature with spirit because i had my gun under the pillow when i found a roof i heard something now i'm still living so no no keep it up when what do my wonder and i should have been but the dawn of all else any friggin rainy with a slotted a snout and a yank on the main you curse any shout it leaves you call them my name you're talking your friend you're showing your video hey Paul is he been a miracle hey Guido which with that black hair and a rigs your suit don't question for with you any brock the loot as i drew out my gun and hit by the bed he flew through the wind he slapped me upside the head what the hell you did i got it on no you get this call you freaking moron then point in a finger right up my nose he twisted his pinky ring snap the chiny hero let me hide him yellow when i least expect it my red and christmas go on and your better show from your spot 1246 but i don't throw it tomorrow morning we put a show for good to uh and we go give me that information i need high uh but the a pass well that other stuff oh yeah i forgot about my vacation i certainly don't want to let down all my pen pales out there they're gonna be inundated it'll be the uh quick or christmas to new years nobody in their right mind is going to be wasting their time with that well we're not here i'll have to uh call him up when he's on there he's off this week he's off all week yeah what did you say uh wow that's bad why do you all the old finder you'll find a way what is the will is a way a woman going now this is a real rocket scientist this old bag a woman going through security at L.A. international put her month old grandson into a plastic bin intended for carry out items and slid into an x-ray machine the only senator to incident bizarre but not unprecedented a clutter for workers by surprise even though the security line wasn't busy at the time a screen or watching machines monitor immediately noticed the outline of a baby and pulled it back where on the conveyor belt the infant was taken to sent in a hospital where doctors determined he not received a dangerous dose of radiation maybe grandma take a moment pop them in microwave officials of the clitor release the fifty six year old woman's name such he's spoke spanish frankly but not apparently understand no speaking the ladies he initially didn't want to baby transported to a hospital but security officials called per medicine insisted the child be examined by a doctor the grandmother the avuila and the child were subsequently allowed to board in the last airlines flight to Mexico City of all places been placed for the rurincin and do attention to other officials are staffing off in busy security chair for some of the prevent such an accident and a race question about the danger of x-rays used to pick up suspicious metal shapes and passenger bags given the medical communities warnings that even low-master radiation could build up over a lifetime and although the traveling abdung can you imagine the amount of radiation in my body wow i'm just like a walk in time bomb you know what i mean what are the rather the focus on the radiation dose which is a small amount we need to focus on why this happens so it doesn't have to get into doctor James bored steed a diagnostic video just at pinnacle san francis health systems and calmer out of springs and president of the american calger radiology human beings were not meant to go through those things he said in the several seconds the baby spent the machine that i've recommended he was exposed to his mutt radiation is a would naturally get from cosmic rays or high energy from outer space in a day high energy from outer space baby go inside don't be squatting out of big border up there in a desert because you're going to get all that radiation from outer space in your place and in your face don't get it in your face security expert said the incident the incident on the school to more widespread concern about the screening process in LAX and other airports the screen is our still reporting that they're being pushed to said broncello many return FAA security agent if a baby can get through what they'll asking you through how about grandma's teeth what do you think how about her bag how about laryc kings bag they think they make him stick the bag of one of those things in shovel through there when he goes in the airport and it's a spenders man how we doing on that pool i'm actually what we're going to get today maybe 13 i would be surprised at all we're going to get 13 on revost day on the 20th of December wow heavy heavy duty as my fact we got trouble one hour right now here's another one of those polls of course we take a poll on the show every day on our website because that you know that it's like a hook because most of you got nothing to say and nothing in your mind and that's okay we understand life is tough so we take the poll is like kind of a far-ending starting point but everybody in the brothers always taking these stupid polls and you got all these different associations and all these different rocket scientists studying these stupid ass things stress let me just see if uh... or it's got that thing ready for you uh... yeah he's got ready for you to switch it five o'clock on or about huh i'm excited why could you give the switch to poll didn't give you a feeling of power oh yeah or she said power knows about how to be many bells are all mady by the way Josh is not going to work for anything she's an idiot because i asked Josh yet they said you know we know what you think about Greg read you're not too fun to Greg but what do you think about mady bell let me say oh he's a little jica in the funny looking stressed that tense feeling often connected to having too much to do too many bills to pay not enough time or money too many emails to answer on your my space page too many pictures to drill over is a common motion in those few borders about three four subpoor in the u.s. austria can't at a friend germany at least out three and the u.k. say the experience stress on a daily basis according to api of so's pulling those anxious feelings of the more intense during these holidays meant it's a stressful time of the year it's a bitch spaniards 61% were not as well as those in most of the countries poll and they could all take a lesson from Mexico where more than half the Mexican said they rarely or never experienced recently lives but that others are your girlfriend is a lot of lying or whatever her name is a way to come to the oh yes where i'm on the same i'm gonna say i don't want to argue with you okay because i have seen her where she looks really as smoking is gets and i've seen her where she looks like yeah what huh she looks gay no obthus your gay and she's really hot so in other words i can't tell how looking more back to that again listen well okay all grab every straight guy in the building and i'll pull a minute here if you'd like okay you're gonna grab every gay brand we uh you straight kind of building and pull them as i would just say uh wow that sounds awfully gay to me good anyway can i get back to the story forget about the terror counter and the Donald Trump with a purple hair when you think of god with a kind of money he's got what at least uh you know go out there looking like a human being you would think purple hair i mean you did that red hair he had before that was a bad piece that was nasty but the purple one anyway come back to the stress uh it says uh when the word stress was mentioned the hidey zeb and a vroom connector recently it seemed to touch a bundle of nerves she has those nerve endings man my life is just so stressful right now I'm exploding all over the place that's evident a paralegal and single mother three boys financial addresses are putting me under the table after full day work with an engineering do homework by non-PM i'm fried she said she's fried and if she was friends she would be really fried and it's magnified by the holidays she said the amode emotionally string is all out there string our kids out as far as hopes and expectations germans feels stressed more intensely than those in other countries pulled huh off the lever people in the west side financial purchases at the top worry about half the people in Britain said they frequently or sometimes felt life was beyond their control the high level in 10th of free surveyed and most of those countries men were more likely to say their lives were never out of control the idea that we frankly think that life is totally utopian said Pascal mongae Pascal mongae and counselor to private peristutering firm we are as stressed as anyone she said the factors that cost lesser on the increase in modern industrial democracies they include multiple jobs long commutes and increasingly complex technology the level of stress and fast-paced technological societies has been accelerating to a grition government see what i mean all these experts or he's a practicing clinical psychologist and professor emeritus and Michigan State University at good old mouyu baby in these lancing i wonder if my name is still underwater in the shahal i doubt it it's 40 uh forty five years ago why would it be it don't start talking about stuff you don't know about okay we ever been to Michigan State the whole it would be to a east shahal oh well the nine year old been as there's an increased emphasis placed on wealth in this country were gradually explorers were actually a road mine him also want to uh in florist idly in farenza what the hell is that bridge oh they got all those bridges that go across the over there oh what is that one i can't think of it anyway and on a wall there every i saw everybody had you know written in the tourist they write their name and what the date was they were here and this one was here and that one and mo was here and so i wrote my name on era many years ago and i think on a bridge oh pontivek you that's the bridge in farenza for a florist and then we're going to florist have you guys no beautiful place beautiful i would beautiful people two man he just you just wander around in the summertime in florist and you're tongue drags along the uh along the street in the u.s. written in Mexico finances were said the most frequently is the top jobs with the top sources stress and austrea canada germany idly south Korea and is spania the french view jobs and finances equal these the top sources of stress stress i know a little something about stress last couple of weeks but now if you just if you just a survivor hang right in there you know we can overcome and now what they say and then what martin Luther King said we shall overcome uh that's right in several countries those who were the highest in comes to the jobs are the leading sources stress while those who made the lowest not surprisingly said finances and in many countries like idly germany in France the worst stress has has such a powerful influence that's become incorporated their language for the Germans just over half said they frequently feel stress in the daily lives the highest stress level and you can't be pulled during the week i often go get home until lunch it didn't tend in my wife respectfully to help with the children then there's dinner to be made often bring work home from the office on top of that said Roland wife Schneider 33 of Berlin like a cheeseburg looking guy if he's 33 in his in Berlin the odds are he's a fine looking a little bit old for me horse in public relations he said i'd like that time to go to the gym but it's just not possible but Germans were they least likely of any group told us they felt that life was beyond their control the polling of about a thousand people in each country was conducted between november 13th and 26 and as a margin of sampling are uh most so many three percent with all this pressure bearing down and then people find various ways to deal with it for Connecticut single mom hide his habit the key is good friends when it gets the hardest there's always there's always there for me she said i have a line for that but George would have an earthquake down parents tutoring counselor Pascal long-gay has started taking weekly piano and swimming lessons that seemed i don't know it seems like kind of strange combination isn't piano and swimming lessons also and from extrocy construction worker havia one one of the reasons he almost never experienced stress maybe his strength and sense of priorities but one worries about most of the well-being of his family members especially his wife and chilins they're health and how i'm going to obtain line to cure them is the biggest worry one said more than anything else well very goes all the stress all the time of course is a very stressful business i've eliminated the stress from my life i've uh would have helped a few friends in my own cycle analization i've eliminated the stress and then my space is good for letting stress you know it really yeah you look at some of those pictures on there and put some small on your face and maybe even a big smile between your cheeks rectum maybe a smile there or two the biggest thing why not best talent for the biggest is we will rock your sports video 560 you a damn first it's a little hour sport whole fairy came upon something great gave them something good they say all they it'll well pay a little difference and put on the bear of nowhere japanese and a boy take a ride on the story side they said all the way take the ride on the toy side and the tragicaman therereat the that that that that that you keep email you soil lake you carryo then a new kind of pumpkin recently play Take a ride on the soy side. The taste of the egg. Take a ride on the soy side. In the training group, they... Let's go. 10-5-60WM fabulous Wednesday. I'm going to be in the sun and shine. I wouldn't be surprised if it was 100 degrees out there. Either that I'm just getting emotional in my old age. Maybe I'm just getting all here. Look at that. It's already 40-45. And I'm toasty for the 20-50CM. And I'm here too much screaming in the oven about those nice ratings we had. That's two-thirds of the fall book. Hello? Yeah. Oh. I'm in the sports, I guess. What do you mean by that? Well, he's not here. He's not here. He's doing an ace in the doze because he had all of that food all of that soup. I wonder how it went over there with the original soup man in Evan Chura. Which we think of again for all that delicious soup ever. Now did you partake? I had a little bit. I wasn't really into seafood, so I had some of the vegetable chili. I see. Not too much. Not too bad. Pretty good. Not too bad. Well, not really into like the vegetable soup. But since you've seen... I'm not like the vegetable soup. The vegetable soup is going to have to come in here and give you some lessons. It's like great. There you go. Now I'm sure it was very good. But I'm not into vegetable soups for those pretty good. Anyway, the original soup man is a 20475-speaking little bar in the Promenade Chura. And it features the get-rated soup of Al-Yagina. You again, huh? Am I saying that right? Sure. Who inspired the soup episode on San Phil? Are you doing watch San Phil either? Nope. Good. You got the job. The storm is located as a 20-second original soup man. Open since the franchise concept was launched last year. And they got all the stuff they got wraps into the wrap and it and whatever else. So maybe that's what Josh is doing right now. Rappin it. Maybe like with a scene from it. Yeah, he just walked in here. I'm back. I hear that you were like unloading some of those 85 meals you had today already. I've been surprised me at all. Now what was I asking him before? I don't know. I asked you something mighty important. And of course Chris is. Remember because he wasn't paying any attention. I was loading the spots at the time. Don't worry. I'll get you those my space passports. Oh, that's very important. Make no mistake about that. I know what I was thinking about. For example, because I know that when I directed you to that page 18, there of our all 80 million friends. And I'm sure you clicked on that thing. Hopefully that you were going to find some more in front. And maybe even confabulate with my close personal friend. And tell him, hey, you ain't nothing man. You're like, ah, just like that. That's what I did. He's got a set to private. I know. So all you purverts out there that want to confabulate with the people under. Just because they look really smokey. Uh, forget about that. He, he only, you know, like other people that said stuff to private because they're running away, you know. And I'm confident that my new close friend isn't going to run away any time. Soon, and probably any time at all. Well, that is this has been a banner week. Not just a banner day, but a banner week for me. It's just been the unbelievable. Never want to thought so weak ago. Of course you were on vacation week to us. And I noticed by the way that you were on our my space page last week. Why do you run vacation? No, I won't. And I had you once. What are you talking about? You were on there, man. Listen to me. I didn't bring a cell phone, let alone a computer. You were on there. No. Or maybe it was somebody in person that you were getting on there. Maybe, I don't know. Well, that's what your buddy says. I'm like he said that, you know, he understands that people go on there and see your picture in person and pretend to be you. Now how did you find out about that? Because they were, they were one of your friends and they were posted in your, you know, top friends and it was a picture of me. Yeah. And his name was like Steve or something. I don't know what his name is. Probably some old thing. Yeah. Some 120 to you. Both we got the 13 I would like to I believe. I mean, not necessarily we need 77 mole in 55 minutes. But I think that should be a no drain or man. Dog Thompson. And excuse me for a week and stuff on here. But I'm going to do a couple of many way. Dog Thompson because he hasn't had one of his rants in a few days. And capital Hill Booth out coming. I loved dog Thompson. He's one of my favorite writers. But, you know, he's he's in hiding. Like a lot of people these days. He's in hiding. And he's got good reason to because the government is coming after his ass. After voters overwhelmingly rejected President George W. Bush's illegal in favor of Warren Iraq tossed out the corrupt Republican leadership of Congress and send a strong message that things needed to change and change right away. It appears we're back on the same old dead end road to a war that won't end. Can't be one led by a president who won't listen and aid in a bit of a Congress that won't stop him. They heading on the column, by the way, is there's more things change than more they say the same. Bush and interview with the Washington Postman, it clearly has to be that he'll send more American troops to fight and die in Iraq because he still laborers out of the illusion that his failed work can be won. And it looks like the new Democratic leadership of Congress will let him do so without questioning or re-crimination. Incoming Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, city supports an increase in true bubbles to restore stability in Iraq, but claims that increase should only be temporary and the troops must be brought home. In other words, like that. In the House, Speaker to be Nancy Pelosi has told Democrats to let him investigate Bush or even in Pichun to cool it. And she says she in the leadership will seek ways to work with the White House, a bitch. I'm not surprised at Reid's capitulation says Doug Thompson is a corrupt, bribe-taking-world school politician with a growing, defends what they did in history in the Somestate and Nevada. He knows that playing the war boundaries is good for business as well as his campaign war chest and Reid has a long history of getting rich off his political contacts. By an expected war of Pelosi, the San Francisco liberal who promised to bring change to the House. But Pelosi's no reformer, how she's the daughter of Thomas Dillacangro, the mob controlled mayor who turned Baltimore over to organize crime during his reign of corruption in the 40s. Pelosi likes to bribe that she learned politics at her father's feet and looks like she learned her lessons well. As soon as the Democrats won the November-Mintermalitions, Pelosi took impeachment of Bush agenda and many of it was just a campaign gimmick. In impeachment is off the table at a waste of time, she told 60 minutes, he has to utter how much summer public in fact can't pay for that decision, another corrupt politician bought. Says Doug. He says, let's look back to what's happened since the November-Mintermalitions. The Democrats weaved to power in the House and Senate aid by a straighted by a strong anti-war sentiment from voters, then they immediately stopped talking about any firm timetable for withdrawal from Iraq, Pelosi tells her incoming chairman to forget about impeachment. Today, after the election, Bush fired defense secretary Rumsfeld, the public face of the war and a post-formal CIA had Robert Gates who tells Congress that we're losing the war. The Iraq state of repression is its long-awaited report urging diplomacy and saying combat troops should be withdrawn by 2008 and replacing it by moralitarian advisors, but the bottom line of the ISD report is that the situation in Iraq is grave and deteriorating. Just like the numbers across the street, grave and deteriorating. Gates then starts talking about the need to win an Iraq, the same nonsense line with Rumsfeld Bush and Chinese. The Pentagon says it needs more troops in Iraq to complete the mission and Bush admits the U.S. is not winning the war and says more troops are necessary to win. We're back to where we were before. More Americans dying in Iraq would plan to send an even more to die. More billions wasted in the war that most military experts say can't be one no matter how many troops we send in. A president who continues to do whatever he then will pleases and a Congress that will sit on this collective ass and do nothing. Nice going, Doug. I tell you, huh? Doug, Doug, Tom, Tom, he's the best. When you say he's the best or one, be very best, yes you would. Yeah, you can know you don't pay attention to these stories every. I read a little bit of a sometimes. I'm not talking about the ones I send you to put on the website. I'm talking about the ones I sit here and peep my guts out, sweating and bleeding over hot microphone. We need to hear on the show every day. You're probably on your damn mice face there. Check it out. Some hot chick at the on there right now wouldn't surprise me. And I sure hope that you're rushing girlfriend don't find out about it. Because from what you were saying yesterday, she's a little bit of a jealous size. And what you were saying? No, no, no, no, I just got myself in a bind. Well, what does that mean? I don't want to put you on the spot. I don't need to get put on the spot. I'll tell you exactly what happened. There's a girl that I ran into that you used to see. You ran onto my hands, ran into her and kind of met up with her on the down low and got caught. And that's it. You met up with her down low on the down low. How far down and how low? That's what we want to know. So you got in trouble on the end of the listen. It's good. It's strength and stability of the fact that you were screwing around on the side. I mean, you were like, you know, and the fact you were able to overcome that. You know, when you have a tiff like that. Now let's see, all of this, that's it's good because it's long time. Everything is calm down on my space. I was getting exhausted. If I had to do that every day, I would collapse. I couldn't do that. Because during every break, I've been sending messages back to people and I've been like, getting the next bit ready when we come back and getting the hell. And of course now I got my shirt on, which this break is the, put your pants on, break on what by Wednesday. You think that's too much information or you think that probably the audience is concerned about. I think they like to know. Well, they're concerned. They want to know about all of these things. Here's the pool so far. We got the 237 votes. Only two contenders on this baby. Over the years, which persons in Eola's, written as on QM deserved it the most. It's strictly Moe enjoys. And the Moe, they think about it the Moe, they think it's Moe. Oh, no, no, no, I think they're right. 462 Moe, Howard David, it did. And 257 for Joyce. And I hate this pool. It's up to 10.5% on 31. That would be, you know, between yesterday and today, there's a lot of hate. There's a lot of hate about these pool. Have you noticed that? And this is supposed to be that time of year for love and peace and brotherhood. There's always a lot of hate. Yeah, but this time of year, when you think that there would dispense just for the hate? No, man, oh, man. Of course, I can't be worried about hate because I'm worried about things like love. Huh? The biggest thing, so best challenge to the faces of your Rogers, is course video 560. You, A, M. You got, R.W. A, M. Where the faggin' is. The Federal Food and Drug Administration is joining the investigation of the E.C.O.I. on Break That Taco Bell. No, it is on the E.C.O. on Outward. The majority of their films, A, to Taco Bell. Well, I drove down to get a beamboard at home. Taco Bell was calling out to me. Felt like I was shot with a torpedo. And then I got explosive number three. Then my thru-one tire, left the way all trees, met my thru-one, left me to my knees. I was a plane, signed my toy land. Then my thru-one, but it wasn't over. Oh, fly, I'm so sick, didn't I sick, I am sick of the new, and pause the hall, and keep waving down, or look at me, you've been seen stuff. I was 12,3 hours, who'd have spanned, and you're the one who's been made. You can see my string. Oh, that's a lovely string, you know? Oh God, no watcher, I can't imagine the first one. Don't make me cry the way. I'm so fond of making these a way to show. I saw a hole, three, a wall, a hole, a hole, a hole. Then my thru-one, my thru-one, I was weak, with gay soldier feeling, and on my tongue, I started growing. What a lovely thought for the hall, he's 18 at five, 60. I love that bit. I'm not a good boy, I'm not a bad boy. I know you're doing. You can play it all the way to a clock. I say, I just said my final message to parrer the day, at least for the daytime hours. I can tell you, right your back, but go ahead. And I made a good point. And I mean, even when you're emailing people, I'll generally speak in you email people who you know and you've seen you're email addresses. You know what I'm saying? Generally speaking. It's a different experience. What would this thing like like happening you and just like he said, you've been anybody can put your picture on here and say, oh, I'm Josh Cortes, you know. And then you're communicating with them and you don't, and they can put anybody's picture in return and you don't know who that you're really talking to and the same with this thing. But it's always nice to have good pictures, you know what I'm saying? That's the best thing. Yeah. Just keep that in perspective, okay? Just look at the picture and put a big smile on your face and then move on with real life, okay? This virtual life and you know what it reminds me of? This whole Cybersex thing and I must of course were talking about the video cams which I know that every kid over the age of five is not got the video cams, things sort of like, you know, they're eyeballing each other, is there a speaking? I wonder if we're all still doing, you know what I'm saying? No, because I'm not into that, but whatever, but whatever, but other than that if you don't have that ability, then you really don't know who you're getting all emotional and involved with on there. So that really makes it that much more of a fantasy, which if you just accept it is that, then it's fine, you know? It's like phone sex. Like these guys are called the 800 numbers or 900 numbers and they're talking to some big old fat mama out there who looks like her stile in a bad day before she found a call Jenny and they're getting all whipped up and excited and they mean to me. If they saw them in person, they would like vomit from thinking that they were like getting you know what I'm saying? Yeah. There you go. But then again, if you want to live a real life or you want to win a fantasy about that, that's what it's all about. 560, 560 and the Verizon SIGGETER RIDE OF SLEIN. You're going to get a ZINION calls in between now and two if we get them. If we get them, that's the operative line. If we get them, once that 45-minute delay cages up and they start hearing that we're looking for calls again, you'll see. You won't see much, but you'll see. WQAN, hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I know you don't like P-soup, but if you mix it with the can of the OK, OK, OK, good. Oh, why didn't you give him a chance? Two old and two boring. That's the kind of person we're going to hear from the next 40 minutes. He's a Kyoia mcr. He is? Yeah, that's John and David. Oh, I'm telling you, this Chris is going to be good. He knows the colors. He knows the voices. Which rocks the hell out of me because on some of our sports, we need to get to know the shows, comics too. Well, he, I mean, he already knows those. Don't forget, he worked last week when he won a vacation. He hears them and it's sweet, believe me. And so does the audience. WQAN, hello. I'm going to, yeah, sir. Hey, did you hear that story about here in South Dave? They found a colony of African-ized bees and they're trying to... 5-670560, pound-five, 60-leave, arrived in singular wireless line. Oh, how's that? Hey, listen, Castro's dead. Well, Pacquay, we'll Pacquay and maybe in O.J. and we'll give you a new glad barrel, okay? WQAN, hello. Now, there's not a bad one. And you should know, since I got my pants and shirt on and my shoes is just in right off here to the side. Ready to go. Since it's wood-bind Wednesday, I'm hard to try it. And wood-bind, too, that I'm eating a piece of S.C. O'Gouch's right now. Trace Stella. Your big cheese, Gah. Oh, I love cheese. Nothing like a good piece of S.C. O'Gouch before I go to wood-bind. Well, that's my lunch, you know. Did I take my little pill here to get my blood sugar down to a nice low level so I don't get, you know, don't get overworked up there at that machine. What's that? The nature be pill? Nature be is in the morning. This is my diabetes. Oh, my delinease pill. Okay. So you'll know when you're old and fat and diabetic and stuff. Would you better watch it? No, don't worry. Just remember the day I told you, Josh, watch all the S.C. this food, man. You're gonna balloon up like a cow. I would be surprised if the beast starts putting his picture on here and say, oh, this is Josh's court, isn't it? Yeah. WQAM, hello. What was that? A dial on an orange? WQAM, hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Merry Christmas to you. And back to you, pal. Thank you. Can you play Reverend Jones for me? What would mean can I play him? You know, Reverend Jones, the idiot? The jackass, the pest, and the nuisance. What about him? Can you play him? Do you call your talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Yes, is this Mr. Rogers speaking? Mr. Rogers. Reverend Jones here and you're another, another funny Reverend here. Reverend, a controversial show today on all of us from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on callers from the past? No, we're not talking about callers from the past. You're okay. It's bits that you're doing. Sure, what are you talking about? You're playing old bits? No, no, I'm not. I'm weird with weed. We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a heart on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And weed, it disgust not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? That's the part that gave it sir. That was one of my, sir. Yeah, appreciate to not play that. I'd like to leave the letter today. We received your letter. You received your letter today. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. They'll be of all suit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No, you're gay, sir. You're gay. What was he trying to say? You're gay. Now that I think it was it. Now it's been one of his girlfriends called Nero. The great one and was so pleased to answer the late one. You know, he's, listen, he's small potatoes compared to the cell. There's stuff so well, you know, you take it as you get it. And what did I tell you between now and two? What did I tell you was going to be calling in? They refuse the drugs. But I will say this for the week before Christmas. That's been okay. Now if you, if you decide, oh, that's right. You said you don't even know whether the cell would deal has been finalized or not. Wouldn't we have one going to get an answer to that? What do you mean? The deal's finalized, man. You should show your bells hand? Yes, I did. And I'm getting a pain increase on the first of the year that he scratches the palm of your hand with his middle finger a little bit. No, not so much. Oh. You're getting a pay raise when? In the beginning of the year? Yeah. Oh, seven, baby. I'm waiting. Very soon. That means you can go over to a ghost stream and plunge your best find a good machine over there. Oh, yeah. Nice. And dumb as dirt. That's enough. Oh. That's enough. Finally, why didn't you learn that early you were still alive? Even gold. Why didn't you ask me yet? Why didn't you learn that early? These instances with your mind We'll keep looking at a side Of the perfect democracy I've got to try to be fair But the perfect sense is here Of the side I can survey that attention To me, only the reason If you can't pursue it If you can't ignore it You'll run away You'll try to be kind If I send it to my heart Or let you say it in my side But the side of the side You're such a beautiful side But the perfect democracy You're such a beautiful side We've got to be fair If you can't pursue it Your motto is to be fair Be a good one I'll be fair And say it in my wish Oh my god I'm not a good one Say it in my wish I'll be fair Oh my god I'll be fair I'll be fair I'll be fair You'll be fair Be a good one You'll be fair to tell you something man, oh this is a dynamite, like I said earlier in the show, like taking a stick of dynamite, lighting it and putting it in your mouth. This little mice face thing. Because you know, damn well, especially when you're like a public fear, like miscomal, for example, there are people that were obviously looking to get that queen and they sure is how did I wonder how she's doing up there, huh? Where would it help she's spectrum hanging it down? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6 in the Verizon, sing it a wireless line. We got 12, 69 in the pool, we need 31 votes in about 26 minutes. Piece of cake man to get to 1300. And we might be a feather and Chris's cap, we got to 1300 under his wife with him sitting there in that room. And wearing a cap. Because you weren't a cap, be a feather in it. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Oh, that's it. That was him. That was him. That was him. That was him. Whoo. I think in honor of that, maybe we just might have to play the way or not, right this second. Yeah. I play the other day, but I'm thinking. It was still there. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. It was still there. WQAM, hello. Five. WQAM, hello. Nio, you have a softball and I can text you a message from my softball. I have a sprint. And it was great. Sure. It's a sprint for sprannish for texting. Yeah. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Why don't you give me a chance, Nio? What would you be? A chance at one. Sure, I'll be in your friend, sir. I'll go to the next one. I don't want to be your friend. I don't want to be your friend. I don't want to be your enemy. I don't want to know you. I don't want to smell you. Go away. Go away. Hop into that old-farts black bean soup and maybe he'll be your friend for lunch. Wow. Pretty sad. And that's what I said. All the sad folks are going to be calling in this last 40 minutes. And of course, if you think this is something, wait until tomorrow on Friday. I'm thinking maybe Friday. So now, I was like, did I have to think, screaming Friday? I was all bit days. Yeah, I wasn't here for that. I'm going to have to see what you're talking about. We should do that. Well, you know what I'm talking about, just play all comedy bits all day. That's fantastic. Yeah, sure is. That's because nobody has to do anything. I'm going to want to sit here and try to figure out which ones we can still play. Which of those 15 bits we can still play? I'll tell you that Taco Bell one, that new one. Just put that in a loop, man. Put that baby on an endless loop. Now, which one is that? The federal food and drug at minutes. That's the one, right? That's it. Yeah. WQAM Hello. QAM. QAM. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's whipped up today, man. He is worked up into a frenzy. I think maybe he's been on that my space and checked out a little bit of that. Wow. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, okay. WQAM Hello. Hi, Jeff. QAM Hello. QAM. You think we're going to have like all the he's back again, that idiot. Wow. Just when you thought you and what did I say? Because those are the only people sitting around like five days before Christmas and right in the middle of Chinooka man. This guy ain't even hitting his potato lockers. I want to write a hell. I would get some good potato. I in fact I know a deli here where I can get some good potato lockers. I can't eat that man. I don't want to be doing that. I don't want to be getting my blood sugar for the holidays. We've been on idea. 1275 oats on that pool. We're going to get to 1300. Easy. We got Curtis for the mad dog at two. The power hour. He's going to have to do three solid hours by himself today, which is really good because just in for the time. I've actually he's having some potato pancakes. When you see the hunt for ask him how many potato lockies you have every day. But third man. Coming to Knooka. He'll be on those seven. Then we got the hurricane warm up. Now we're going to have a fantastic audience tonight. Hurricane warm up at 730. It's the hurricane against Binghamton College Hoops. Okay. Boom. What do you like that? Binghamton. Well, I'm going to ask you. What is Binghamton? I know where it is. And I've stayed in the York. There's a Binghamton College. Listen. I would have thought they were like one double A or something or division two. Probably R. They like playing those little girls teams. They can break out into a big brawl or pretend they're the nicks and the nuggets. And then any K after the Yvascular Ball game. And of course any K is going away. And it's awesome to be here. It's bad news. But that's the way it is since a cross cutting measure. I mean, I can't imagine the pain. I'm a lot of money. But nevertheless, you know, every dime is another dime that could be leaving you guys and they're will. The beesleys. Sorry. Excited about my big meeting coming up. Not too far off. You know, sit down and send that lifetime deal. Yeah? Don't you think that's a plan? Well, that's what you said. Yeah, that's a plan. Just keep working until I have no longer physically able to do it. Or just croak right on the air. And then there won't be any mystery with the audience about when I croak. I'll do it right in the middle of the show. I'll make sure I time it just to please you audience. Good ratings. Oh, okay. We could promote it a week in advance. Need of just like that Howard Field Business. Need of going to die in the air today. Josh doesn't remember that. Now he was asleep by that time. Which member you said he was going to kill himself? Yes. In the middle of the newscast. Anyway, I don't know. There's no point in it. It's just a matter of opinion. You knew it like the movie. Everybody with any taste knows it's one of the most brilliant films. I'm one of the most pressured, pressured films in the history of mankind. I mean, Patty Chesky was a genius. Way ahead of his time. He never even saw Vicentes. He never even saw what that ocean. What does that show they have on a seven o'clock? The Drecco drive or whatever they call. Isn't that it? That's it. You've never seen it. And he still was able to write that stuff. He knew what was coming. And it wasn't going to be good. It was going to be the channel 7 mentality for almost all American. And then of course, Fox News. But it's one of the year you're watching it again someday. Yeah. Not. 1282 votes on the full name. We got 13 leaked. I drew on your honey. This is more holiday today. I'm still not working anyway. But if it's all the same to use, I'd like to make my contribution to the war on Christmas by saying GIGGIGGIG. Happy? I'm a cucketer. Oh, it's you. Let's say it together. Shall we? Oh. Can I get it to you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cook the trouble. Get your something over here, Gileet. It's me. And open it. Oh boy. How? How? What does I know under-rappin' taste? Oh, that. That's new will. Oh, yeah. I still need to think. Quite a happy thing. Oh. Because I'm good to hear. What? Let me see that. Yeah. That ain't really a moron. Ah. Now open it. He. He. Thanks, no. You're like it, huh? Yeah. Yeah. What are we? There's a fish ball. Thanks ball. Why sure? Now you can keep your poop fresh. I always thought that's what you needed. I will. Would you get me? Yeah. Here. Here's your... Yeah. You'll look at I. I know. I even found a copy under my windshield. Why does public? I have my best-erable paper, this book. Raminated. I hope. Use plan. What is this? I'll read pipe. And what exactly? I suppose that's the way this. Why is the wreath? To the forehead. Why? This? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? That's me. Come on. Who? Who? Fourteen. He's winning the full easy hands down your pants. Right. But the one person who deserved my harassment over the years is more than anybody else. I'm in choice. Are you shocked? No. You'll be shocked at this though. I just called my attorney during the alliance break. I told him to change my will. And that's why I played that because it's about my will. That guilty found under the windshield wiper or whatever. I told him to leave all my money to. Huh? Huh? I thought I'm emotional. I'm like, considering Boko Brian made that little drop about me. I just want to thank you. Thank you. You? For what? Well, that's me in the drop. So I guess you left me and you will. Cool. Man. Yeah. What'd you say? Reverse and earlier decisions, the City Commission is refused yesterday in Fort Lauderdale to support funding to upgrade Fort Lauderdale Stadium which could end the city's more than 40 year pervicious spring training. What are we going to do now? Oh my God. The Baltimore hurryals have counted on Fort Lauderdale support for a $48 million plan to overhaul the stadium and create and create a recreational park complex the commissions decision likely means a city will not be eligible for fifteen million dollars in state dollars up to the project well that will be for the state of the world's could be looking for new spring home by two thousand eight when they be banned first day or else and then the mallins camesh is once in ten or plus two hundred forty grand a year for thirty years how many years but third man voted three to two against spending just a hundred fifty grand a year to help pay off the bonds on just mayor right wing gym novel and vice mayor city Hutchinson voted for by the money novel twice or just colleagues to allow the world to stay their position but commissioners said uh-huh refused no chance no way was a commissioners caught more christian teela and charlat robs from the city originally was to contribute only the land they complain that team continue to ask for more robs to also objective to be using general fund revenue for the project well one of the least panther's game is on instant and leave a game in an hour another question about it after the fact that the thank god it just ended woo talk about a stench of common or from the air Canada center we stand ready and willing and able to urge the mayor commissioners to have a special meeting said burning freedom attorney representing the world he said the commission he hoped that they would reconsider the team has released a plan to stay in the spring once over all the forty five year old building or else hope to take advantage of the state legislatures this union set aside up to fifteen million for each of the five communities to upgrade their aging spring venues but a big part of the problem and it goes on uh- i quite frankly don't give a damn i hate to say that but i did said and i don't really hate to say i should i hate to say it twelve ninety nine next one will be the thirteen hundred and the next vote Josh is going to come right here my house and give you a bag of money or a kiss a little coming action right down the throat thirty-two well you can't do it because it came like an oclump you know i mean free at once could be kind of kind of i must you want to know spend a lot of time bring the holidays going around trying to find who those three people were may one of them was uh five six am i easier what uh yes i am so easy i got i admitted i've already told you i'm the world's biggest sucker for a cute face man i'm just i'm just melt to jello melt into like a little puddle like that's me it's just why i'm and of course i should learn my lesson but just because somebody's got a good face doesn't mean they're a good person am i right about that oh yeah and you've seen recently what a good judge of uh character i am what you can ask George though over the years or nearly i have been you know we go to work for people at a station and uh uh yeah i'll tell you right off the bed where the good guys knew where the bad guys a two way m finding the good guys i didn't take too long about five minutes and then the evildoers like your little buddy madie valet it was trying to like uh you know steady away for power and any six you would not have been happy over there with every toning music man i'll say that right now and you listen to power 96 no not really good good excellent good answer what about you crazy you listen to power not really good ask me a file listen to it not really wqa m hello yeah sure hey you've been talking about my space for quarter while um i'm a waste back my band had a problem with my space uh with a bunch of uh pain in the s people we eventually took the took it down because we got tired of the crap you know i was living in the mid west and on our side we had you know news links and stuff like you did like you do you know talking about stuff to be a little bit too elective at your other honey you know being nice to people being a like you like to say can people with respect you know whether the color sexual orientation whatever three people i could give and being well it was too much for those people in the mid what we uh email right people setting up their students and your corrupt you know about i have a a few of your corporate go with me the ourselves break up man you're self breaking up okay i do email that we just took it down i don't blame you okay and then get new phone to all your right okay well they had a lot of crap oh we got let me took it down you took it down a lot of things i'd like to take down but that's another story okay oh like maybe somebody's pantaloonies but that's another story i'm not gonna mention no names okay it's just it's it or all of a synagogue cloudy i think it's gonna be cloudy over woodbind oh i'm gonna find a bad machine today man but you know what i asked me if i care do he asked me if it's gonna change my life the answer to both is the same no i mean do care i'd like to have you know like to have a good deal with it i would cap off a fabulous week what a comeback man the comeback old man you've heard the comeback kid kneels the comeback old man after we thought he was done in the dumpson on the verge of sausages man we thought he was gonna slow this rister jump out the window now let me ask you this i mean this is just a rhetorical question is that what you answered to it but suppose somebody you know it diddles with you online like on my space thing and and gets you so aggravated that you like lawyer brains out or jump off the balcony and commit suicide how how does anybody live with himself after they do some like you're out of based on a prank you don't know me i mean it would have to be some pretty nasty stuff but how could that happen i don't know i guess there's some pretty rotten people out there in in radio land earth and in just in general in non-radio land who likes to throw away the emotions and play and the school out and then oh boy we sure got him oh why he's telling someone i want to bet 1305 baby son upwards though you know have good time there and at my space in your place and not on my face but in whatever but just don't just be careful of who you're dealing with and don't take it too seriously right and i could good sound advice yes that's good yeah easier said than done especially if you know old emotional basket case like me well that's okay normal changing that will right now he's just going to like toss it out the window and i'm sure that the right the right party will find it you know i mean uh yeah you'll find it the bad deal man i'm going to all those extra spots come from in in last break you know christ that's what was logged i beg your pardon that's what was logged in then okay well maybe you've had different logs than i do okay but it dropped a couple of logs anyway so out of time i can't play that really hysterical closing bit i was going to play we only have time left to say uh by by by