Pliers are you fester? Baby launch a couple missiles Pfft To our place we know The name of that affair Whose first name begins with out There's one thing we all understand About me that won't be finished Until we blow up back to stay You're fester, you're weak of chains and round forever With our tanks and all our truths But special forces are so tired Of jumpin' through them fools You probably need another place So let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll blow up back to stay Whenever can't seem to love the monsters Out there in the needs and nuclear tank I've never thought what you're nervous You why don't we stop pussy food And we'll blow up back to stay All right All I guess we almost missed Boom, boom What's not bad enough when your enemies like Hugo Chavez Are calling you the LDAMLO and stuff like that And an alcoholic and a piece of turd Nice to all by the way Hugo It's not bad enough but when you're supposed to Friends like pervert moushara Far like us diggin' to you President pervert moushara Her Pakistan said yesterday that after 9, 11 attacks The US threatened to bomb his country If it didn't cooperate with the Americans War campaign against the Taliban And Afghanistan man We share of an interview with CBS News magazine Show 60 minutes to alert this Sunday Don't miss that Said the threat came from assist in Secretary-State Richard Armadage Don't call me Herman Wunston I hate all like Herman who's the ball of the United Jackie Hungle Uncle Fester yes whatever Light back to the very Came from assistant secretary State Richard Armadage was given a moushara's intelligence director The intelligence director told me that Armadage said being prepared to be bombarded Being prepared to go back to the Stone Age moushara Be Sam I think it was a very rude remark he said Ha ha ha ha No, oh The Pakistan leader who's remarked Re-distributed the media by CBS We are in the threat and a responsible way One has to think and take actions in interest The nation has to write it he said about the Cooperation extended by Pakistan We share of said some demands made by the US We're ludicrous including one insisting he suppressed The merciless version of support for terrorism against the US If somebody is expressing views we cannot curb the expression of views He said well they just haven't learned enough I get from the bush crowd The American up and way When he was armoured and said I never made such a remark I did have a long career right like he just made that up He's going to come here and make that up you lying sick How's Valerie playing doing by the way dick my god This is the guy who put I can't say it I was going to say put in But I can't say the one put in Yeah, he put in there Guess what book is number one on amazon dot com already told you Hegemony or survival How do I keep saying that? Hegemony or survival American quest for global dominance He American Empire Project by nom Chomsky Rost from over 12,800 and something 15,000 No, you said 12,000 yesterday No, I didn't I had you denied I did not I said no, he's numbered out 85 million and now it's number one It's a paper bag you can get a for $780 from amazon dot com They are the best by the way they're great I love amazon Yeah, they are too I love a hoarder from them all the time Order this thing on Wednesday night and unfortunately I got to hear this morning nine thirty was there Had Germany or survival America's quest for global dominance He American when a nom Chomsky book can be number one on the best color of the thanks to he Gochomsky that's unbelievable that is amazing I mean most Americans wouldn't know nom Chomsky from nowhere the earth the old man would have It all drunk, right? Yeah Unbelievable And all kinds of good stuff today This business about the Georgia party getting canned because of the Yeah, and then Dave Hyde You know you people are such a bunch of suckups It makes me sick I read Dave Hyde's column in the sun set of this morning Well, this is what they had to do and there's no other way And Larry Beanstock and the Jeffrey Loria Yeah, guy comes in there with a lowest payable and baseball puts in a hell of a run Then you're still isn't officially limited and they've won last night against put the series with a mess How come they only got is this schedule correct? I don't think so can this be right your ashes got yet? They play the fillies and then the brave's on Sunday Yeah, what kind of a schedule is that? Who made that schedule up crazy person? But anyway, it's a they got the two big games tonight in the markets the fill flow of your fillies And that that'll I guess because the fillies are one of the two teams that got a hop over Dodgers and the fillies right? That's correct. But anyway, it comes in here with as bunch of kids does a phenomenal job And because you know they told Jeffrey Loria to shut up and it wasn't him that said it anyway Who the hell was it one of the coaches? I don't know about that Well, whatever hell you well you better start catching up on your Marlins trivia just in case they make the wild I don't know about that like it Well, I said that I don't have a lot of way to the air. I do my reading my do my homework And Jojo already's gonna be a candy is not gonna be back next year and they are close to show a nice job you're fired You jack-ass Jeffrey Loria, we hate you like poison and if anybody else wants to Marlins games you're all yours We couldn't give away this year. Speaking of couldn't give them away All I talked there at the end of that's for sure. We have in the morning about the dolphins and that little girls tend to see team their plan Josh is trying to give away tickets. Are you still doing that or is that over with now? Well, yeah, I'm still trying that guess. I'm WQM.com which he's in charge of that horseball website trying to improve it and bring it up to speed Certainly will never be like ours, but nevertheless and so we try to use some tickets to the dolphin Titan game Thought he had given away four pair which isn't very much and then you say all four the winners said oh guess what we can't use them That's correct different reasons, but yeah, pretty much they gave me an omelette That is shocking. Well, they're old and two don't forget that. Yeah, there were two or no. Yeah, but this is for free free Of course, they probably have to pay for their own parking, right? Well, one guy had a phobia because they were in the upper deck. I see Oh, no, what's he couldn't afford the binoculars? That's right. So that goes to show you the tremendous interest And then I see the article yesterday. Oh look at the big headline the game is sold out It won't be blacked out like we're supposed to be proud about that. What a horse and buggy phony baloney time It's always been that way it always will there's no point even talking about it because you know, that's just what it is By talking about the Democrats being a bunch of weak sisters, you know, there's no point in lamenting that because they're not they're not going to wake up Monday morning Grow up hair a ball is even anti-policy. She had a barrel pair from Donna Shaleeli. Good God Hugo Chavez There are all these world leaders and of course you got applauded and a standing ovation at the end because that's the right To the world feels about these Nazis these neo Nazis we got running America now and the way that they're running rough shot Over the world and killing all these innocent people and threatening and brow beating No, and here's a Charlie Wrangler under guy and we got lucky yesterday Pusted up this as he was saying that I thought he was going to say something else But it turned out well that's not it was lucky that we got him to say that and then Policiano later Oh, you don't come to our country in the terrible our president. Yeah, right why not because it's too much of the truth And they haven't got the balls to do it. I have no idea. Oh, I see it embarrassed of that Yeah, it embarrassed the fact that he actually had the co-hones to say it and they just don't have the guts to do it Democratic Party man is evil evil. Not as evil as John McCain, but evil. I got a calm about I want to so oh so good So good that even people at heat my reading on the year will just they'll be sitting there with a radio cranked up so loud to be they'll have their finger in it And the radio too. Here's our pull from yesterday. I know all and by the way today's pull is going to change at 11 I want to think dead. That was dead. It's full. It's a good pull, but not not one. I want to leave on there all weekend long. You know what I'm saying? What do you call the other one is you know, it's right in line with that kind of and we do have 800 votes on there already, but anyway yesterday 165 vote Which is pretty amazing considering that nobody's listening anymore because I don't take those great calls no more Yeah, no, no, no, no, no any other ones? No, I guess that's it. Jardis Kay and that's that's it. Well, what's the point? We're wasting my time with that crap I mean if if these idiots have got something more interesting to say than I do then they should be paying me all this money to do a show every day That's a good point. Yeah, the day that the South Florida audience has got something more compelling to talk about or to say that I got is that they that I ordered a freaks and geeks. Oh, that's right here No, I read the reviews on there and I just looked into demographics on IMDB and even the old farts to give it 9's and 10's thought it was a great series I look at the cover here and I see it a bunch of punky little kids These are and when they all look like Robert Freak or you're looking at those nasty glasses on oh She's gonna with a plastic frames the geek glasses right. I mean that's I guess why it's called freaks and geeks Like that but James Franco was in and there he is looking like him Anyway, yes, and I know all I need to know about somebody if they vote Republican 565 We hate you believe O.J. is innocent 264 Denied a Holocaust 232 like your buddy Ashma Dina John why just I? There's almost something sexual about saying that you're like it's a photographer We know you're off off my Dina John living pull it off Where were legit head gear? I've been 49 speaking of religious getkeys home school there kids 149 I hate this poll only 54 3.3 percent is pretty low for you bastards speak with lift 45 Watch the watch the view 47. I think a lot of the guys who watch the youths get rid of the list Listen to sports talk 44 now see that shit ahead much much more, but then again It's you know this this radio station call radio talk show is 39 or vote for Ralph Nader only 15 and that's how many votes I think you got anywhere Right some like that at least in our crowd So I don't know maybe I'll enjoy freaks and geeks. There's how many CDs I say in here. There's like six or eight or something like that Oh god fuel humile even degrade. I have to I have to talk about it I didn't have to admit that I ordered it sitting right here and I saw what it is I'm not even sure what it is and we hear today's pool and it's gonna be a better vote on it real quick You got an hour until 11. Thank heaven 411 I see Eric doesn't have the other one on her yet. Tell me get with it. No, he's not responding to my Little herksa and I'm touched maybe during the break you better call his little ass maybe he's sleeping in today Yeah, I tried that but I'll keep trying What do you mean by that? I know these guys can I call you have been calling him. I see See I don't want to go into it if Josh could change the pool then we would need to be dependent on waiting for Fed error to get out The sack or get out of jail or what it'll be you? Maybe he hasn't really morning dated the parliament house with John Revolta. We have eight hundred eleven votes on today's pool Where do you get most of your news the internet 377 excellent that includes our website? I didn't break them down because there's a two-ma-demony websites, right? Right Neil show 1117 look good for you We're very newsy these days very newsy news paper 95 local TV 51 CNN 42 MSNBC 28 You better get with the Keith overman showed Bammett I keep talking but they won't listen me well a clock at night third watch another stuff or doing whatever they We show 28 NBC 21. I don't care about news 17 while we don't care about you. How do you like that? ABC 14. I hate this pool 10 CBS of the three networks is a distant third nice going KV 7 and tabloids Only four I don't believe that tabloids only four. I know we're some good tabloids stuff yesterday Every week I'm gonna do that tabloid and you think there was some pretty good cramp in there I'm looking at it now wait oh and if you got it I'm holding it and you can give you open up to the center for the inquiry I'm gonna run in the end door. Oh, it isn't this is the right one. It's got old fido brand in front Readin about my girl Scarlett Johansson break no, yeah, about Scarlett Johansson. Oh, this long enough to open up to the center for please All right, let me put my thumb in here. Oh, gee. Yeah, I bet you'd like to yeah Yeah, I started oh The centerfold. Yeah, oh my god. Yes, did I tell you? Oh, you know, I just ate oh Orbred sand and take a look at service. Yeah, that's what that's what's start with me And then who's the other one? Janice, so whatever her name is that's her pin ski. Oh big In the you see that when the lips oh god Oh You know like a bone fish yeah sure makes me feel better about myself. I'll tell you that wow I mean you talk about who was it destined hoppin with the baggle where's that if anybody oughta have a baggle with their head It's so three wow 10 14 at 560 W Q a was an atomic took distress in worry out of last minute hurricane preparations Don't get caught short again like a lot of people did last two years The hurricane shut about that manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now they've been provided But installation for you to call nine five four two three seven 70 83 a feature rule downs accordions in panels just left the hurricane shut about let us to make even an install shutters for you Call them right now nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three you get on your way to tough match protection The hurricane shut about let their family own an operate they've been doing it right for a long time They're less than sure and they'd grow an and Palm Beach County approved as well They stuck all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels aluminum panels for you cut to your specifications They're ready for you to pick up or the liberal right to you and like I said even install them for you now too the public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards are separate and if you tell them that near Rogers sent you by I mentioned my name if you get a hundred bucks off on a minimum order I've been fifty square feet the hurricane shut about let you yourself prepare because we got a long way to go call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three around the wicked web just log on to the hurricane that's not the hurricane shutter outlet That comes So best tell us the basis wheel Rogers force radio five sixty two eight The Roger Now inside addition the torch the new movie death of a president have you seen it? I haven't seen it. It's a fictitious movie about the hammer seen the movie about your dad Do you know what the word fictitious means? Not really it means not real because you're not dead. I know that yeah Some people say that you're brain dead. I simply do not agree. What's your IQ? 300 billion really what's your IQ? 13.5 whoa. I don't have intelligence sets up problem. Oh, we don't have a problem less ignore it We've heard that before we don't have a problem. Let's ignore it. How many redetta lot? 10 19 a QA anyway somebody just facts this and this is very moody and some a son pay Yes, oh, and by the way it's a happy new year. Oh, tonight. It's Sunday. I told you I just looked it up here. I just googled a man. I'm on the YouTube page What do you think and it says Friday September 22nd at sunset until the night falls September 24 Rush persona how do you like that time to blow the chauffeur? Look at that rush is showing a wallpapers look at if you're really from anyone Your internet you will end your computer you want to rush your channel wallpaper isn't that great? And you can even have a little manage you have it Anyone showed today nobody will object or Morgan David Rourth Sheriff's office detectives have arrested the operator of a patent energy. You can hold a eric or not Nope, like I said we won't be changing the pool. Oh, that's bad the one day How long was the last time we changed one in the middle of the show? Maybe I'm not a go months ago. He's locked on to the little room, but maybe he's in another little room For how long for a hour or you've seen it BSOD tech is the forrest of the operator of a pirate radio station broadcasting urban rap music to come to music fans For several weeks listeners tuned to our kiss I also known as kiss country might have heard rap music on their videos That's because according to detectives a pirate radio station was interfering with the legitimate station signal with a Beasley broadcasting signal kiss this WKIS engineers. Oh Track the power signal to the Okamoto trailer park on tats reading contacted the BS. Oh The tech is one to the trailer park Wednesday found a 30 foot tall broadcasting antenna outside the trailer at 17 loop road the owner the trailer Darren Satter was arrested and charged with unauthorized transmission slash interference with a Public radio station state law prohibits interference with a license as thus on it convicted Satter 34 could spend up to five years in prison and be required to pay a $5,000 The tech had said said or told me's an aspiring dish jockey who always wanted to be on the airway Well, that's great, but you know get a job Not just starts some kind of a stupid ass pirate station this this obsession at some people like with these pirate stations, you know Yeah, I mean some of the stations in a market like kiss actually have a license. I mean we don't but you may do All baby the new way to go now. No, it's not the new way. Yeah, go straight to jail You know not collect $100 and that's go to it. I mean so happy Russia's shown a happy new year will play all those both of those bits Eric got the new poll. It will be ready to switch by okay. Don't panic here George is just he's giving a lot of crap again Like you Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station and today is Russia, Shana the Jewish New Year In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year Good Anyway, and I would never I wouldn't last thing I would ever do is read a comment by Michael Medved Oh, self-hating right winged you I mean, oh supposedly a movie commentator But just the most evil right wing he makes Who's that other guy Michael the other shmuck savage? Okay, he makes him seem like a liberal and that's how obnoxious this guy is with his family values and a Hollywood with their perversion This guy's a jackass, but the articles about a poll that they took so he can't really Yeah, it's not really much commentary. This is with all the recent talk about anti-Semitism Who would have thought that Jews approved to be so popular a new Gallup poll that just came out September 7 couple weeks ago After respondents how they felt about 10 different religious groups ranging from fundamentalist Christians to atheists by every Measure guess who drew the most favorable reaction Muslims I'm kidding. Jews right highest positive rating 58% and the lowest negative rating only 4% See unlike in Israel as using America even though there may be one dimensional, but in as far as politics But now they actually aren't you're been against burgeon you got your David the what's his name or what's right and wolf wits and By contrast Americans express the sadly mixed feelings about Mormons with a negative rating 29 to 28% and Muslims 30 36% negative at least popular religious groups in the survey proved to be atheist and overwhelmingly negative 44 to 15% rating and most especially Scientologists a stunning 53% negative to just 11% possibly says thank you Tom Cruise How do you like that? You know that more than the Mormons are getting a bad rap that it's because they never met any They're very clean they dress nicely Right white shirts and ties very polite nice bicycles right they'll have sex with you sure So they look good right even if you don't right but a 44% negative with atheists and just it's a 15% positive Well, you know what I really couldn't cure a lot of stuff Who gives a crap? But that's kind of interesting see a lot of the Jews are all G they're always picking us while they like you now Okay, how do you like that they like you but like you made a very good point that is that the Jews in Israel There's much more there's much more Division of opinion politically and socially in Israel among the Israelis Then there is an American American Jew American Jews are so paranoid like if you pick Israel You're a pick on poor little Israel and anti-Semite and if you don't agree with everything you do you are miserable anti-Semite including me and you and whatever And of course speaking of anti-Semite Our relationship is more than Josh. Yeah, there you go. Oh, yeah, his partnership with Pakistan is saved lives He's there with the I shot Moshara. I don't see Moshara Maybe they shot him after you made those comments yesterday But is it kind of bad timing though? Can you you can probably cut the tension in the ear and that room with a butter knife when you think I could cut a fart Yeah, you could cut it and Bush would say oh, what's that somebody just started? He would say random little is kind of like the part Never that's correct, but only to the new reporters catch him off guard likes to blow him a little kiss I was thinking of country kiss so for Joe Bellman He's got so much with that and then of course we got the Cuban interference on our signal on our beautiful HD radio signal our people interference all the time So that's the one one of the problems with radio But wasn't it comforting yesterday to read that thing about satellite radio is like taking a big dump Yeah, it's the reason. I'm saying it's like they kind of peeked out now It's maybe or maybe you're from now wanting me around Maybe that's why those rumors were starting about Howard coming back to terrestrial radio for ABC 857 votes on our pool today H64 like I said we're gonna change it. Let's see as you got it. Oh, there it is got the new one on there They don't have a magnet. He's working on it. It's a working progress. Where was he? He's he was he? No, he did not say oh, that's probably none of our business Oh, we want to know if he was like still out there at the parliament house or whatever the problem was Speaking of good old-time religion. I got I have so much good stuff today. It just makes me want to vomit And isn't that something about that no-mchanceki book. It's never one had jemony I said that word a million times you're meeting these articles nobody ever uses that word is you know in like day-to-day line And now that it's the book is big now. I can't say it. You say ox my dinner dad like it's nothing Well, yeah, but I practiced on that that you just got to see it on he may jump that last of the first time Yeah, I'll smooth Boy, moth mood and I'll smooth and I'll still leave her. Well, it's just what a world. It's just it that's another reason you watch Tristan and his old Forget about whether a machine and look I like good what was your name again? I forget I forgot I guess we're gonna value actually me a little even Joshua to raise you would know nothing special What she you think no, she was kind of plain jenny he was much much prettier in her James Franco But another reason to watch it and the end of the word they would say well that's in medieval times and I am right So you know if the only differences that we got bigger and better and more effective weapons now That's more dangerous. We can kill a whole lot more people in a much shorter time Tell us to this is my More prettier 560 I You With moth with moth Yeah, I'm having a day with whatever Now you listen to me. I don't finish business with that. They're in about I racked it. I stand before you know With my previous statement, probably in hand in it. They're a no national god and I rack see National god I mean now I'm doing my dick here I'm a acoustic and I go ahead and I'm scared Where was I? Oh yeah, and another thing just for the war and I got Kindred back as Air Force but your coins in a pit helmet ah, well, that's pit Joyce as in the pit Nobody knows what I said anyway, but don't stop me now. I'm on fire dad like scissor cats Why I'm the scissor Now on a place and although this new life of leisure Bad why I love you know I'm now the hotthrob of skeletal women by a pool They yeah, they like my nice back. I got a play of strip my job But I want to tell you this bro's look like my shirt off and drag I Stoke god it That's your wish I had me back well not had your life Don't you love a city and I just really don't again see I'm sorry, well, sorry, was I went about those pictures name parlor one good guy and I'm just I'm delighted about the Janistic incident one because I hate her What about fairer though? Poor fair. Do you love the witch? That's not only I can at least that the one picture was worse than the current Picture and what about the about three pages from the back? What was it? I was I was trying to like a Steeried look at yesterday three pages in the back of the magazine back in the fish mine out of the garbage here and look my son Not that I enjoy your in Hillary was that it? I don't know. Yeah, I think that might have been it Hillary love it. I better fish it on go fishing Bob new heart cheeks death Marking the cars. He there's the global and See me. Maybe that was it the thing about sworey Oh Yeah, the picture Diane search you look like a huh, a witch They look very similar in these pictures. Yes, I'm sure. I'm not sure Back in the garbage anyway speaking a garbage your song will be last night. I thought all during the movie I thought one way to come on tomorrow and wave about this and recommend everybody I was seeing probably a lot of you did see because it's a 2006 movie My can't believe how just like mollum so hip it up to date now. I haven't seen two 2006 movies in two nights your ding-dong day Tristan and Azald on Wednesday and in last night silent hill all I'm sorry me too. I saw funny. I saw that last weekend really I was an impulse because when I go to this store to buy a DVD You know me I'm an impulse of guy and I'd look around. I don't want to just buy one. You know one of my like four or five shirt and I happen to see this and we you know probably just played recent releases or popular best sellers Whatever and I read the blurb about it and sounded like my kind of movie, you know Pretty interesting. So I lost the movie last night I don't know about you because both of you have seen it during the course of the movie I'm thinking of myself. This is really and there were a couple of points that were like they hairstyled up on the back of my night There were a couple of really scary moments Like the looking where that's sure is bitch in the church He's a when she opened up the lock it and so the pick You're on a cheese day. Oh wait. She's a weird boy just gentleman jump up off the sofa Yeah, and then you get to the ending and you can't complain about it because just like so many times There was no it's just like when was that after after two hours of all that yeah Blood and gusts and all those grotesque creatures and crawling bugs and thugs and and then we get to the ending It's like what just happened there? That's the end that's it. We're done. We don't want to make them my right. Yeah That's too common. Why don't things Josh even like beyond that? Oh the movie was pretty bad I mean in general Was a very entertaining. You're walking around and I kind of like playing the video game you walk around and nothing happens Well, Sam never did play the video. I know it was based on the video game I know that I'm telling you it's just like the movie you walk around with ashes falling and nothing's going on Yeah That's one thing if you're into ashes man you love this movie because there are ashes falling the whole movie and there are never stops All the never done I still didn't like it. Yeah, and then I I still don't get to think about the the cop That stopped the husband from going on in our well, it was history There was one scene. I must have missed it was he won a van the half dead or something I don't know what that was all about I don't remember that. I do vaguely and also what I don't understand is how come He wasn't picking up the phone. She was calling him back after the other car broke down and She's called it a back on a cell phone. He's easily a message I wasn't answering the call because they're not working silent. Oh Phone's no work in silent. I see now you're right at suck So if you want to see it waste a couple hours and you might maybe a couple of scary moments fine, but it's just Disappointing this appointing it's like that mean creaking I saw a couple weeks ago Although that never we was pretty had chance to be pretty good and interesting story all the way through and then the ending again There wasn't any there was no ending Why is it that directors and writers? They don't know how to end the movie. What's the story with I? I don't know but it's the the plague of my life. It is true Now I Tristan and Azul that was on a sad ending, but just like Romeo and Juliet You know he's gonna be sad at least at least she didn't die. Oh, I shouldn't have said that Look anybody knows that waste when anybody expected I mean after all he went through when they're in the fact that he was still alive that way to the movie It was a miracle. You know look it's medieval times so they're all interested back to health I would have laid down naked next to my regular part. I said it's medieval time So they're all dead Speak in a good old-time religion man. This is it's just so sweet Palo Indonesia Christian mobs torched cars blockated roads and looted Muslim own shops in violence Touched off by today's executions of three Roman Catholics convicted of instigating attacks on Muslims Some two hundred inmates escaped after mobs assaulted a jail in the town of Adam Bua Send a grudge fleeing to the nearby jungle. Hey, Jemoni Absolutely dead five. Yeah, but midday only 20 have been recaptured Deputy National Police Chiefs Lieutenant General Ardening Durad Chattun see I didn't make any of them how I see these names because nobody has in there who these people are calling on the other to turn themselves in and On the island of forest, I wonder if that's like David for is the jockey the executed men's birthplace Machini wheeling mobs ran through the streets Friday sending women and children running in panic police and witnesses said maybe one of my to-bet O.J. Please immediately report said at least five people were hurting including a prosecutor was hospitalized with stab wounds Vice President just off-cala appeal for calm saying the deaths of three mad at nothing to do with religion Right, it's a matter of law he told reporters in the cabled Jakarta if the people resent to law We are doomed. It did he said the member taken before the firing squad at 12 15 this morning Said a senior police officer was not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media family members later They we see confirmations of the deaths Top poll who were the excuse to place was largely come with thousands of police standing on streets Cortison guarding markets and churches, but violence flared in the other villages were hundreds of questions ran page after winning a But that's such a muslims the appeal pissed off a ran page of old crazy in the streets. It's also the good Christians Yeah, not that they would ever do that in northern Ireland for example Where they have those Protestant marching days where they all dress up and orange luck a bunch of silly people and they militantly marched through the cathartway Words to piss them off. That's right and invite them to throw rocks and stones to get all bent out of shape and like get out the armor again You know, I want to go back to that least that was looked like pretty interesting. That's right very violent, but as sure as hell was a very very More fun to watch than hand grenades. Yeah. That's right very entertaining Let's get the armor and the swords and the bows and arrows and the thing in that movie about What's the amazing is that these guys are like arrows in the back and they just reach and pull right out They're just macho guys man. I'm not gonna stop me with some fancy arrow or some slice of my hand off We just keep marching along. I mean even right there at the end of the movie when Tristan gets you know the night in the chest He just pulls that baby right out and the blood is pouring out and he's right on there and he holds up Let's send reced into the crowd. I see I got yeah, all right. Yeah, that's right Oh, he was he was much more resilient than the correct the cracking guy Yeah, see the cracking guy. He pulled the thing out of his chest and oh, he died. You know, but this guy Tristan He pulled that knife that big big sword out of his chest and he just kept plodden right along man Nobody was gonna keep a good man down like that damn it like to try though I'm having a boat. We're gonna have a pretty hefty number But we will change it loving a clock. Or anything we ought to go to a thousand. It's up to you. Oh, what I don't mean here Huh, I think we should change it 11 this this all right And even the other pulls how much of it really sexy or controversial pull. But it's kind of interesting But there's version of sheriff. Yeah, I know hunt together. What you want the person if it all be Confrontate me if I call you find out his location We are quite clear what to do let not get involved in how we grow or we don't wow But you like a parliament light and there's double Coordination and parliament I think there's a little this green is what I mean at the operational as gonna be a fist fight Level you and you're gonna win so therefore we are working together and when the situation arises We need to take the right decision to strike That's how I don't want let me over tank about anyway doing and we're here We need to have Ladies and gentlemen here. We have the basis of a relationship is custom confidence If we don't have that trust kind of confidence in each other and we think that we are bluffing each other I don't think that's a good way of moving forward This is pretty good for our guy. I'm sure I saw here driving a cab two weeks ago For sure You George Bush doesn't care about black people the United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression Iraq will not be permitted to annex the way Just the way it's going to be Once I have to see the time for me to be with the machine. And it's going to play. Son of a thing. Son of a flower in my way. Son of a thing. 1048, 12. It's before our love at a clock. We got mad dog coming up from Hooray's and the pines between two and four. And then it's the big power hour, man. And most hysterical hour in history of radio, four to five, power hour with Hank and a mad dog together. And we're so low in another hour and a half, five to six thirty because the morning game is a 705. Pre game is a 607. If the marlins have to fill the alpophilies, at least two games in the games of the year, you would say, I guess. And if you can't finish it. You're already yesterday. We're counting them out. One last time. I'm being honest. Yeah. Well, I want to make four out now. I think they took up a half of game yesterday. I don't. They're four. Yeah. Four out of the wild card. With about nine or 10 to go. In other words, you're done. But I still think they gave it a heck of a shot. Would lowest payable in a bunch of kids. Nobody ever heard of. And I'm reading this. I want to read it. Not just a Dave Hide column, but there's other piece of crap in the sun sentals going on about he made this mistake. And he left the pitcher when he brought it back after the rain. So, okay. It was his first year managing at any level. I think he did a heck of a job man, Brownie. Hey, you got a win and you got to supplement the orders. Okay. Right. And he didn't suck. That was the problem. He didn't kiss up to Jeffrey Luria. And he opened up a mouth because Luria was a bitch in the vampire. And you know, and Larry Biden being stalking, he couldn't, you know, of course I'm concerned squat in the middle of a cornfield and drop a big load. I don't care what he does. You got nobody coming to the games. You got a guy who did a heck of a job for you. And you mean, and it always, they always leave the sour taste in the fans mouth. And there's only like five fans. Another thing that really crossed my ass in his article here in a Sun Sentinel. And I don't know who wrote this because I chopped off the front page. And I'll look it up again. Boys, it's so idiotic about the possibility of his successor. And they've already, our compound information about a trio of third-based coaches like their receive interviews, Freddie Gonzalez of the Braves, Julie Corr, of the White Soss and Mani active of the mess. It's, and now here's the thing that really gets me. All three have Latin roots and speak fluent Spanish would be considered a significant upgrade from the current English only staff. Do you explain to me what the hell that means? Huh? Well, maybe why is that not upgrade? Because the, huh? None of the players speaking with. Get out of here. Are the marlins? Don, Trello, what languages do you speak? Yeah, I can keep going with the band ugly. I'd say 85%. No speaking English? Oh yeah. Like, that's a big, a big, a good English. Oh, well, you know something speaking English. Okay, you want to play in Florida in the US speaking was really good. Go back or get on the banana. You know, that's not how it works. Even what's his name? Even put your outrageous speaking English. He'd read forward crosses himself. He says holy crap. By the way, the Tigers had tried like hell the fold in there. Are they still still hanging on? I don't say much attention. Yes, they are, but they lost a lot. Oh boy. Oh, there's that Richard Armit is from the monsters. Look at him. Mm-hmm. Man, oh man, for you to buy the monsters, the monsters. Nice teeth. Oh my god, of course he's denying it. Nice tooth. I was on the page where I was seeing that. Nah, that's not gonna go. Yeah, you got some heavy-duty credibility, not dick. Anyway, compact with evil, the McCain compromise and bushes torture program. I better start this now because this is, here's the meat. Okay. You're ready to get the A once saw saw. Sprinkle it on your radio. Just smear it on. Smearing smear, crisp-loid on the smirking of smurfing chimp rights. After George Bush's rose garden and his teeth fit, which he declared that he was simply stopped interrogating suspected terrorists unless he could torture them, John. I only flip-flop on matter of the principal McCain and the other so-called Senate rebels of capitulated that the unpopular presidents petchilled demands. I love that. John, I only flip-flop on matter of the principal McCain. It's great. The universe of moral perversion in which we now live, White House, National Security, Advisory Stephen Hadley called the Pro-Torcher Anti-Due Process Agreement between those deeply single power games to a good day for the American people. Here's how the gangster-incheap described it. I'm pleased to say this agreement preserves the most single, the most potent tool we have in protecting America and foriling terrorist attacks. He said, adding the agreement clears the way to do with the American people expect us to do, to capture terrorist and detain terrorist and under-try them. In other words, none of the filters very day was the American government able to capture detain question for a terrorist. I mentioned it in no that. But the men who were captured detained questioned and tried and convicted for the 93 World Trace Center, Bobby didn't know that either. Really, that's what Bush said. The agreement clears the way for the government to actually detain an interrogated terrorist is if they couldn't do that before. What he means, of course, is that the ability of torture-religion terrorists, that's arbitrarily anywhere in the world, simply on the face of the leader or his designated minions, will be preserved. Bush obviously has a deep psychological need to feel that someone's being tormented in his order that all times. But to the amended psychology of the sad little shrilled up nothing of a man as of slight import, what matters are the actions and policies that have been carried out by the junta operating in his name and the countenance thing of this game's crimes by the U.S. Congress. Now you see, Huntah, I see Junta. We can absolutely see today the countenance thing of torture and kangaroo courts by some sad sex of Shainola, london by the media's men are principle, sad sex of Shainola. Love it. This is what we've come to. This is where we are today. Sick bastards and cynical bastards openly and eagerly, gutting their very core of American law. Let's have Bill Frist, surely one of the most prophetic creatures ever inflicted on the Westonent and the long-suffering people of Tennessee, explain exactly what this great agreement means. He said the agreement had two key points. Classified information will not be shared with the terrorist try before the tribunals and the very important program of interrogation continues. There we have it. People snatch off the street or sold to spies by stitches and scanters can be tried in military tribunals without seeing the evidence against them and Bush's program of interrogation continues. Let's be very clear on the latter point what Bush has been talking about in protesting against weapons to ensure that CIA interrogators can not torture suspects because, of course, they could continue to use ordinary methods of interrogation, which experts uniformed and agreed for news veteran intelligence anyhow, just as they've always been able to. When Bush and Tennessee cat-tourists were talking about the program of interrogation continuing, they mean allowing the CIA to torture captains by various methods without being charged with war crimes and felony violations of American law. That's exactly what they're talking about and nothing else. But you won't see it put that way in the pages of our most August journalist institutions nor the broadcasts of our world but on that word TV shows. And let us make another point in a most impolite way for the truth is often an impolite commodity. John McCain is a G.D. liar. Yes, he himself suffered torture. Yes, he came through it. Yes, we all admire his fortitude during the ordeal and his youth. But his record in later life impolites is that of a more old coward with good PR skills. Nothing takes much skill to rob the poultryens who squat on the commanding heights of the corporate media world of day. And today he has opened his mouth and admitted a damn-dribal eye to with the integrity and letter and spirit of the Geneva conventions have been preserved. This is an untrue statement. An allegious to say the moon is located in his rectum. Back to him. Or that he can bite through a pig iron with his bare teeth. Every step the bush gang is taken in this pro-tourcher, don't prosecute his campaign, is designed a week in the integrity and letter and spirit of the Geneva conventions. The conventions which have been adopted in the law by Congress and Bill Sponsor and Champion by Republicans are crystal clear on torture. There's no need to preserve their integrity with new legislation. There's nothing wrong with the conventions that need to be fixed unless of course you wish to use interrogation techniques that any sentient human being would recognize his torture. In that case, of course you have to fix the conventions by gutting their integrity letter and spirit. John McCain might be a moral coward in his old age but he's not stupid. He knows all this. He knows the Bushman's traces have been tried to rig a lot of the conventions since the earliest days of the so-called war on terror. He knows that gutting conventions is at the heart of Bush's interrogation program which McCain and his rebels have just saved with their grand compromise. Therefore, we'll say it again clearly so that even the nay bombs on the Washington Post editorial page can hear it. John McCain is a G.D. liar and is agreement today yesterday. Sure, some of the most evil principles ever supported openly by the US government's slavery. And let's put this other point more plainly one more time. The American government has always been able to capture the ten question and try terrorists always. The American government is for twenty years had the power to eavesdrop on anyone in the world or in the country whom they suspect and even slightly of terrorism or terrorist connections and it could do it and can do that instantly without waiting for a court order or jumping through any bureaucratic hoops under the long existing law. Everything that Bush says is clearly illegal surveillance programs do can already be done within the law. Therefore it's clear that the whole reason behind illegal programs is to establish the principle that the president is beyond the law and also almost certainly to perform illegal surveillance that has nothing to do with terrorism. What we've seen is no grand compromise, no great debate, no act of principle, and certainly no preservation of the genie of conventions. What we've seen instead is a small group of rich, cynical power-hungry old bastards of Bells Fort lies and the service of torture and tyranny. And if you're not angry about that, if you're not sure about that, then by God you want to be pissed for American citizens. You shame every man and woman who fought and died and marched and worked and dreamed for our freedoms. What a great columny. A lot of profanity in there and had a ten-year little because we don't want to get the enjoys done. This is the Neil Rogers, who I will go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go get go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go They're all going insane. It's a profit no harm is. They say the poor people, all over the middle east. They're burning up when she's. All the smoke and some dead and then it's too sweet. All the close and dumb men and you forever. Man and it's six. I'm just stepped down. Okay, let somebody else have those nice words. Look, please, give it a shot. See if they can pass it five years. Crazy masses out there. All these get skis, baby. All the wild get skis. That thing about which religion you know the Jews. That's interesting. But the atheist being raked by the scientists as far as I'm poppin' right. That's shocking. But of course they show how far America is below the rest of the world in terms of intellect. Especially in Western Europe. The difference between the Canada, the difference between the religious fanaticism in the country's Western Europe and the Canada. And the US is like the difference between day and night between dark ages and a little bit of enlightenment. I mean, I have all those huge churches that were built hundreds of years ago in every major city in Europe. I know what they are. Basically tourist attractions now. But nevertheless, I don't want to get started on that because it's a very unpopular thing to be in. A few. Stop God versus A. Oh, Jesus. Woo. I didn't write here's the of first poll. It's done. Thanks Eric, by the way, and I hope you had a good time with the problem house. 955 votes on poll one, which means we only need 45 of them. No one to get to our thousand, right? Well, what a sneaky way that is. Where do you get most of your news most? And thanks again, Deb, for this poll. And I don't want to like short, you know, sell it short. We've done it before and number two, it's okay. But not strong enough for a weekend poll, right? Right. I mean, it's going to be up there all weekend. I mean, who won't you rather do be voting on our poll over the weekend or watching football games? I'm sorry. Well, I'd rather be watching football games to a cam. Sorry. I hate to say that to you. Who the hell are they a Patriots playing this weekend? Oh, that's right. Then for you better get one of the Josh. A little bit slow since you had that the bug on Tuesday. Just to get the bug. There are a lot of bugs in that movie. I'll take it that. I thought that was kind of neat though. I mean, it was gross in Silent Hill. It looked like cockroaches, but then it turned out they were like people. They were like little people in those, oh, maybe they were the Beatles. Maybe that's why they kept stepping on and they thought it was Ringo. Where do you get most of your news internet formed in 34. Maybe they see there's hope for our audience anyway. I keep trying to tell you, if you want to know what's going on in the work, don't depend on this crap with your newspaper and your TV. Forget about it. Get on the internet. Read some crap. Even if it's only our website. That's why I draw from like 15, 20 different websites. At least because you know, then we give you like some stuff. As opposed to having you sit there trying to scour through a hundred different websites every day. Internet 434, Neil's show 134, we're awfully newsy these days. It's person that we've shut that phone down permanent. Although you can call in the Josh will take your call. I take any calls. Oh boy, am I taking a moment. You've been taking lots of calls. I'm screaming. I might as well be screaming. I'm actually not as well. I am. I sort of do it. And he's screaming while he's screaming. I don't know. Somebody didn't say was a screamer. News paper 114. No, I'm seriously like for today's poll. It can, it's not like we've cut off the audience from communicating. If the phone's range, Josh will find out what you got, which is usually nothing. And then they can fix this in if you want to put somebody on the new poll. We got up there. News paper 114, local TV 507, we didn't bother asking which one because why bother. CNN 50. Oh, how's that? You know, that will flow screen. I told you before the show and I'll see it on the ear. When I see him on CNN during the daytime during the afternoon, when I make one of those channels surfing mistakes and I see him on there. And that's situation room. I actually get to line. We are starts screaming at the TV set, which you know, it's a lot easier just to change a channel that you know me is screaming. CNN 50. MSNBC 39. Please. Well, they don't have much. They got crisp. You know, I'll tell them. Keep. They got crisp Matthews talking about politics. So, you know, if you're going to talk about something, at least be able to say the word, right? Wouldn't it be a good idea? I would take art. I don't. Jerkies. MSNBC 39 daily show 37. MSNBC 28 Brian Williams with a strange head, but he's good. I mean, he's an excellent newscaster. You know, you can handle him. He's, you know, in addition to which they're not, they don't have their head up. Push his ass on that newskill. You know, to sadly. No, just third their hair. But not. It's time to give a few shots here lately. More than usual. Maybe the keep overman impact is rubbing off from MSNBC. MSNBC 28. I don't care about the news 23 ABC 15. Charlie Gibson was head keep shaking around. He's. He's okay. I hit this pool 11. CBS only eight. The documentary. Oh, show. That's Van Katie. They hate you with that black eye. And tabloids only five. Well, you know, don't get to news from the tabloids. We'll give you the tabloid crap on Thursday. Thursday or Friday. Whenever whenever they come out. So aren't you glad that you got the inquire where they may go get it for you? I'm always glad. No, but seriously. I'm so sorry. I'm going to have pictures. Nightmares now. And babbs. My god. Talk about the. I'll tell Babbageki. Wow. I mean, like that. You know, the thing about her is she was always ugly. It's just the middle. She's like, oh, right. Oh, but ugly. Don't come close to describing it. One picture. Looks like a washerwoman like a Portuguese washerwoman with apologies to our Portuguese friends. Okay. Here's the new pool. Well, I got, you know, something I have a pile. Even those of you who had the worst roads in history, I've just never had piles like this. Oh, look at that. To fight for Iraq. It was a single shot. Oh, more shots. More bloodshed. Who is your favorite communist or commentator? We got 40 votes already. So we got 995. We need five more votes to get to our 1000. We can go home. Don't have 111. Well, you know, something up yours. That's what I would say to you. Up yours. Don't have one. And then brilliant. I mean, there are a lot of other ones we could put on here, but they would know who the hell they were. Keith Olderman 9, more in down 7, Doug Thompson 4, that's capital, he'll blew. I voted for him. I mean, I like a lot of these others so much, but he's just, he doesn't pull any punches. Just like the article I just got through a reading there, which wasn't his, but like I voted for Debbie. Yeah. That's what he told me. He takes the gloves off and kicks him through. That's right. That's right. Keith Olderman 14. Good. Don't have one 14. Marine, Doug 10. Doug Thompson 4. Molly Ivins 2. I got one of her stories today. Lou Dobbs 2. I bet you're doing unbelievable aliens those two guys who voted. Rush Limbaugh 2. And I actually, he's a talk host as his bill or Riley, but you know, I want to give the right wingers their chance. Rush has got a pair and bill has got a pair or Riley, below as Keith calls him. Below. I hate this pull too. Well, you know what, we hate you like poison. Wish you would die a wicked death. You could see the vented who will one from the nation. Thomas Friedman's got one. Oh boy. Wow. That's be from some maybe maybe I was from Wolf. Oh, to for Thomas Friedman. He likes those Zionists. David Korre month of the nation. Tom Hartman 1. Michael Medved David Broder. David Brooks. Nothing else. John Nichols and Frank Richstone. Have any. Now, if anybody votes for Michael Medved, we'll come to your house and blow your brains out. Although it'll be hard to find him. We'll get a search party. I'm reason I thought Michael Medved on it. But I'm just going to turn around. Whatever I do will for give me. Now I speak in terms of that. That makes me a very good guy. Got a band. And I've had his phone up and down. I've got to play a body tonight. Now I speak in terms of that. I've got to play a body tonight. I've got to play a body tonight. I've got to play a body tonight. I've got to play a body tonight. We got 95 votes on the new pool. And we left off some very obvious names. Thanks for reminding me Paul Curgman how I've read his articles almost every one. Although I just said one this morning from this morning's paper to Josh. So I'm sure he's back from doing an A.S.D.S. And I wasn't. No, I wasn't. I was just, you know, I was talking to Allison. My dad. My dad on the rejoin. And what was that all about? I thought maybe the. I had it in the back. So once I saw the internet went down. I thought, oh, and here we go. One of those days again. We certainly couldn't get through a whole week without technical incompetence. Yeah, actually. That's what it was. The internet went down. Oh, back up though. I was all the see what was going on with the internet. Right. Not. It's right on top of it. It's what opened the door. It's screaming. What's wrong with you guys? And you jackasses. Forget about kiss. Kiss this. Anyway, we got 95 votes. We left off Paul Curgman. Are you adding these on or remind you to just talk nice on. He's already on there. Little about Robert Fisk. F.I.S.K. Lives in love. Lives being on. And right. Mostly for the. The. Robert Fisk is great. And great. Tolas. Talk to me for give him. Boy, you're really slip in George. Sorry. He was probably picking a note, you know, obviously about this. Of course. More than continue his daughter Valer You know. Or maybe be called a half-key list. But lead. Really digite. Pens. All right. Becauseotion. We're talking to them. quart hugered hard. Why the bar. June's director, the agencies, political Islamist, strategic analysis program, said that the Bush administration tactics had lost a generation of goodwill in the Muslim world and its Middle East democratization program has all but disappeared except for official rhetoric. Nakla, who we foreborked for the CIA, taught Middle East politics for 25 years, also called for Washington to begin to explore creative ways to engage Iran and bring Iran and Shiite politics to the forefront of our policy and the region. The growing influence of his bilanis leader Hassan Nazraul, across the region within the Sunni street and the growing regional influence and reach of Iran are two no realities that we should recognize and engage each old Harper's editor, Ken Silverstein. Oh, the interview not goes for instance as retirement echoes of the views of a number of former intelligence officials and career diplomats who have criticized the administration for ignoring the analyses of the non-immacomboist politics, especially their warnings of the challenges Washington would face it and invade it or back. They don't want here about this. This is up to their plans. Here's a facts. What is this? It says, you and George are always wondering about which countries are in the Middle East and what continents they belong. So I've prepared the following breakdown. I'm going to have a breakdown just looking at this. Using a third-rate of sources such as websites for the U.N. U.S. State Department and so here's something that's like a scholar, a researcher, a researcher, a scholar who cares about something that's going on in the world besides what we're giving you a ball. Give me the ball. You know, besides what found his, you know, James Francois Lele look like. So I care about. So I've prepared the following breakdown using a third-rate of sites, although there seems to be no single universally recognized list or map on Middle East countries. Here is the consensus list. Middle East region countries generally east to west and the continents in which they look at it. You ready? Yeah, I'm ready. I've got it here. This will kill soon. Good time. I've got to understand. I'll use our an Asia. Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan Iran, Iraq. We knew that. Kuwait. We knew that. Bahrain. Hey, Michael. Nice nose. A cutter was used to be guitar and they used to be some else. Go to Saudi Arabia, Asia. United Arab Emirates do we do be do Asia? And by the way, Saudi Arabia doesn't recognize Israel needs a UAE. Oh, man, Asia. Yemen. Yemen. Now, you've got to be careful about your pronunciation of these. Iran, Iran. Is Asia. Turkey, part of the Asia, part in Europe. And a tolios in Asia and East and Bolon, Ankara, and Europe. And the Pope says, Hubman, Jared. Cyprus is in Europe. Syria is in Asia. Lesbine, Lesbine, and Asia. Jordan's Asia is real Asia. We knew that. Well, we knew all of this. Yeah. But it's interesting anyway. All of these are in Africa, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia. Saudi Arabia's part of Asia. That was the thing it was asking me. Okay. We were confused. Oh, there is the Anati Pope. The clue is violent. Also, you told me the number of these countries were Middle Eastern. What? You ripped into me because I called one of them a Middle Eastern. I don't know what to do. Whoever sent this apologizes. Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Somalia, Djibouti. Yes, it is. Ethiopia, Erichria, and Sudan are all in Africa. I know some would say Erichria, but I don't buy that. Akma, did it, Jed? See? Hegemony. I'll be asking you if not really how you pronounce it. It's a shut-over. Nobody speaks English. No, it really isn't. I looked it up on what you call it. Would Pedia? Yep. How do you pronounce it? I've always said that on my body. The six times I've said it, which is always reading me stupid ass articles. What? Hegemony? That means, I do a Slime New Barallus. That's what that means. Okay, who's your favorite columnist? Now that we got a few names on here. And we got way over a thousand votes today already. We didn't stop this proceeding now and get onto the important thing. Like, who are the Keynes playing this weekend? Another girl's school judge? They'd be off this weekend. Oh, good. They've been off quite a bit. So far. Next week, they have Houston. No, yeah. Now we're a little girls team. Aren't they? Yeah, get back up to 500. Oh, yeah. Two and two. Two wins against the vision Z teams and two trashings. All of them were really thrashed by. And FSU sucks anyway. 100 and six votes. Who was your favorite columnist or commentator? Keith Olderman 31. You know, they ought to send me a check. Right? The producers of his show are Keith himself. How does somebody check for like about three million? Well, seriously, because I love his show. It is a great job. And I used to be very critical, have you ever seen him? And you didn't even know who that was. Well, he said various incarnations on MSNBC and anyone too. He's been all over the place. You know, these times have seen a lot of people change their, you know, for good end that. I've noticed. Like, like me. I'm not going to sit here during these times and go on a year and go, hi, hi. For like four hours a day. If that's what you want, put it on the tape and do yourself. I'm not going to do that every day for four or four stinkin hours. And of course, people work for it. They didn't understand what we do anyway. What they don't know what that was show us all about. You think Clarence is innocent and they're leading those in all these bedtime stories. And he's directing those where to find any of those countries. I just got he wouldn't know. He's been both from Uranus. Christ. Anyway, who's your favorite comments or comments? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. By the way, he's going to sling our hope. I don't know. Not in the forget about the kidney porn just for that song. Oh, I don't want to hear it. Please. Here. Keith Oberman 34. He demand. Don't have one 22. Why do you better get one? Marine doubt 18. I do believe they don't have one. But I'm not sure it's comments they're talking about. Marine doubt 18. Love Marine. That's so great on TV. But our calm is fabulous. And she's your education because when you read her articles, you're like, it's like walking through a mine field, like walking through an olive patch in lesbian on looking for those cluster bombings. Oh, I felt it. Always drops a few bombets in a few words that you never heard of before. Lou Dobbs 7, Bill O'Reilly 6, have very sad. Billio. Doug Thompson 6, Molly Ivan's 5, Rush Limbaugh 4, almost as sad. I hate this tool for Tom Hartman 2, Frank Rich 2, Far Rich Stone, haven't he? Great, Polanist 1, Katrina Vanden, Hovel 1. David Broder 1, that's very sad. Well, you talk about it. I think I think the media is an apology to Carl Robb. Oh, go back home, David. Go to the nursing home. Get lost. You're silly. You're old. Eviet Thomas Friedman 1. He's beyond silly. Nice mustache. So by the way, Tom, they went out with Jerry Colona. David Corin 1, and none yet for Robert Fiss, Paul Friedman, Michael Medved, David Brooks or John Nichols. I'm serious of anybody votes for Michael Medved. Well, trace will track it down and will track your ass down. And just stop on you. We'll get a look at Brotsie and we'll get all those guys from sleepers. Why I'm sure glad we found chicken that out yesterday. I got like five faxes and email. Yeah, after the fact. Good movie. Didn't we decide it was a good movie? No, no, no, no, no. That at all. Yeah. Good acting. Mm-hmm. Dustin Hoppin. And the neural play the Align Priest, how unusual a priest who lies. Ha ha ha. It's a list of us all on your about a baseball game. The 50's name is the best challenge to the big- Boys have been here. You're gonna be the best one. We're going to be the 50's. 60's. A few. The 50's name is the best challenge. I bet you are till the fire from the big you. And went to the University of Mississippi. I bet he got it's 2025 percent race. I'm going to give you a true story. A startling story that last year, coaches on the University of Miami staff, made less per physician than the assistant working for George O. Lairing at the University of Central for Stuttgart's Neural. Now I know you're out there driving the car. We're not that can't be true. That is the truth. You can't handle the truth. No you can't. So I'm going to mention it. Oh, drive 560. So you A M. It's Friday. You first go around. Oh, you're a Maloney. Come on. Don't be. Kids who just got back today. That judge, you know who you're supposed to play. Like nobody else, mad at anyway. But man, there's still things Jerry Jones is crazy. The boys are back to cloud. The boys are going down. I said, the boys are back to cloud. Oh, there's noise in Dallas down. You know that jerk who used to dance a lot. Every time he got the hands on with a sharpie in his head. Man, he thought he was cool. But he was really not. What a joke that's ever low in. And that time at the Cowboys place. Went to your dance on the logo. What a disgrace. Then they're mad over in Dallas. And now he thinks they won't forget it. The boys are back to cloud. The boys are going down. I said, the boys are back to cloud. There's noise in Dallas down. I said, you know who's been hanging around. There's a lot of noise in Dallas down. There's a lot of noise in Dallas down. The boys are back to cloud. The boys are going down. It's at 1 to 32 at 5. It's at 6. You really believe this. I think we're getting a free today. But somebody's clowns, thinking of clowns. Back in town. They'll all rally eight votes. And rush five. You believe that? I believe that those people. Yeah, you know. We've got that. Which has got three. And among our crowd Bill O'Reilly would have eight. I'm planning. But anyway, nice job on the radio in South Florida, Billy. He's still got the point. Oh, then didn't even make a bullet on the radar skill. Oh, Bill, right. He's on the radio. He starts talking dirty like he did on the company might have some. And that's right. And breathing heavy. That would do it. And for lawful. According to conservative websites, White House political strategist Carl Robes had been promising Republican insiders that there will be an October surprise before the midterm elections. In the past week, Robes had been promising Republicans a surprise to help with the November Congress elections reports Ronald Kessler for Newsmax. Oh, Newsmax. Wow. Well, they ought to know there on this far right. You can get. This is from Raw Story. What? President Bush's political strategy is also saying that the final two weeks before the elections will see a blitz or is that a blitz? A blitz and a grocery show. A blitz of advertising in the Republican National Committee is deploying an army of volunteers to keep location to help the grassroots effort in the amount of the election the article says the RNC is offering to fly volunteers and cover their expenses. A few weeks ago, another conservative publication, the American spectator reported the White House staff has been talking up the possibility that an October surprise or two, leading in the midterm elections. They say the president feels confident he can still play a role in the election. And that he intends to campaign hard for Republicans and that on the policy front. There were a couple of issues that could be used as wages along the way as wages. He's not saying what the October surprise will be, asked if he would elaborate give us thinking about the upcoming elections Robe told Newsmax and Newsmax said he's taken largely perils what 10 melmons said in the September trip newsmax story. He said, I'd rather let the balance of time's divvations on Raw on its own. In other words, strap yourself in and be prepared for anything. Including a lot more dead people. That's what it takes to generate nothing that these people wouldn't do. Make no mistake about that. And I mean nothing. There's nothing they haven't done. Right. Moida and bloodshed. That's their speciality. Christopher religious folks. Although I do have an article, I don't think I'll get to it. About the evangelicals remember I told you that this morning. I'll never get to it. The most we stay on the will five. About the event. evangelical for her here it is. Evangelical voters more jaded in 2006. I guess I just read one paragraph that would cover it. Christian conservatives traditionally a reliable Republican constituency Artists say a GOP gimmied this time around. There's an undercord of concern that some evangelicals unhappy that the GOP led Congress and President Bush haven't paid more attention to gay marriage and other values issues. The important things may stay home on election day or even some might vote Democratic. How do you like that? Wow. Who is your favorite communist or commentator? 153 votes. We just started this thing at the top of the hour. Already look at that. It's pretty like the old days. Well, we used to be able to get like 300 votes in an hour. Remember those days? Of course. We also had those naked pictures on New Then Hell. We were going to respond to this thing. You talk about the great fine. Hearing us through the great fine. That thing used to travel around the world. Everybody in their brother will be on her for those naked pictures behind the B's and curtain. No boys. You can't find that stuff on the internet. Yeah, right. Keyfoldment is their favorite so far by far. 54. You go, Keith. Don't have one. 25. Marine Dowd. 22. Bill O'Reilly. Nine. You know how about was number. Nine. Robert Creeper. And then. Rush Limbaugh 7. Oh. No Thompson 7. I hate this pool 7. They're stuck on 7. 4.4% hate the pool. Molly Ivan 6. Frank Rich 3. Keep it in mind again. Bill O'Reilly's got nine in Frank Rich's got 3. How very said. Michael Medvede's got 2. Oh boy. Now we have to really get down to Bradstacks baby. And you know where to stick him. Back to him. Right in the ass of both of whoever those two people are. Michael Medvede. That is terrifying. Tom Hartman. They're just doing it to piss me off. It's if I care right. Think I care? No. Tom Hartman too. I do care though about that freaks and geeks thing. I wasted a lot of money on it. I'll listen if I wasted money on it. Great Plyce has only got one Paul Creeper. And one. Katrina Vanden who the one. David Broder's got one. That's criminal Thomas Friedman one. Beyond criminal David Corn one. And Robert Fish. David Brooks and John Nichols don't have any. Out of 157. David with no Robert Fish from. Carlton Fish. Were I sure pulled that out of my ass? Pleasure. Remember Pudge. See in South Florida the thing Pudge is a Rodriguez. You on Rodriguez. Pudge was Carlton Fish for the Red Sox. Great catcher. It's a homeowner that Dick Stockton made the really bad call on that playoff game against the Reds. And remember that really bad playoff call by an. If it stays there. Home run. Oh that's exciting. Almost exciting is David and Warren. Oh how did I know that was going. What? I said what? Well you know it's true. God. Something needs to stick up. Pinning his ass and wait him off. He's in. No one of the fans don't show up for those games. I'm going to do it. I'm not going to blame him. I'm going to blame the management. I'm going to blame the area. We need they need a new stadium like I need him or I. It's just silly. And so it's one thing to build a new stadium in a place where it is a fan base where it is real support, you know. When you old stadium is crappy and falling apart and the like tiger stadium. But to build a new stadium for people that have no interest. It's stay away and droves. And then this business about well, we'll hire a spay. They tried that when they first started the team. They heard all these. They tried to decide all these Julios on the more testies, the strata and all these other guys. No spitting in place. And all the Latinos are going to come out. They didn't come out then and they don't come out now. How many of you think sure about each game? About 30 minutes. Oh, we're friends of mine told my last game he did go to a game and there was nobody to just pick it up. No spitting in place. So maybe maybe there are some. Maybe these were all Portuguese. Who knows what to read? All 600. Yeah, both of them. 160. I'm going to tell you something. If if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if Okay, that's what Angela Moro so he said. Just could twenty Why don't go. DISOT cables. There're multiple largest ones. When did they last photos come out of work? They're so Smalledicks. What're best to say? Whichever one. Listening in lunch. If someone while we're talking again there's that style A little bit more kayak. When the storm hit both our cars were totally underwater. In world where both of our cars were totally underwater. We thought it would take forever to get some help. But a new win was about to blow one. We had our check in two days. Hey back, this time it's for real. Guy go. Oh, it's big and a blonde. Ricky Williams back this weekend to the argo. All right. He really does. Venezuela's president, Hugo Chavez wants to new personal attack and president George W. Bush using his visit to a church to call the US leader in alcoholic and a sick man, which we say. Absolutely correct. A day after he used the wind bully pulpit to call Bush to a devil, a tower to wax like he owns the world, prompting broad condemnation in the US from weak need Democrats mostly. Chavez was equally vitriolic as he spoke at the all of head Baptist church in the New York neighborhood of Harlem. All of that. I thought that was in Michigan. Me, chicken. This is an alcoholic a sick man with a lot of hangups to clear the left wing Venezuela leader. He walks like John Wayne. I was surprised he really walks more like Fay Wayne. Remember in La Cajra fall? No. No. I remember saw that. Of course I did. Bush doesn't know anything about politics. He got there because of that he said Chavez, we heard the Bush's father. The US should choose a president with whom you can talk and work he said. He was in Harlem to announce the expansion of his program to send sheep Venezuela in the world to poor New York families. Chavez infuriated US officials with sarcastic UN presentation Wednesday at the end of the year. And he said yesterday that devil came here and it still smells so sulfur today. The stable that I'm now standing in front of. Chavez then crossed himself brought his hands together to the same and prayer and looked up to the sitting of the assembly chamber prompting noticeable applause. Think out of standing, you know, in Harlem, he got a rousing ovation. And he said, we love you. Especially if you keep you saw this that cheap or I'll be. The obvious. The obvious. The obvious. The obvious. The obvious. The obvious. The obvious. Gragas. You heard it. Spoken and no limit tournaments are back at Marty Gragaming in Hall and D.O.B. Our smoke free local remote and salive from Ninsamidna with Rilling. No limit checks this old em tournaments every night. It's that you won't play hungry either. Turn it players are treated to a free pre-chartem of a fat. Join us at Marty Gragaming where refreshments are free for all players. And where the zealers are the best and most professional in town. Check it out for yourself. Come play your hand from Ninsamidna. And if you're feeling lost, join the action hold of them. Double flop hold them. And sit and go turn them at all day long. Let the good times roll at Marty Grag. Just one mile east of I-95 on Kembergora. Watch that he who's take on BJ10 in the ultimate fighting championship on Saturdays. September 23rd at Marty Gragaming Center. At Vishanist $10. The fun begins at 10 p.m. of Fatal is on at the Doghouse Force Bar. The dogs are running. The slots are coming and poker is in the house. At Marty Gragaming Center. Dog! Ow! There's a sunshine. All of heart and steam to the day some terrorists are there to stay down in good mows. Don't do so. And don't sound a cry. Because if there's one thing that makes him mad, it's a little girl's dawn and blood is mad. And he's no longer. I don't you know we're having to ignore the Geneva of the British. But when we're sick of the dogs on them, you should see their things. They have to be the same. But not what's servant paid sweet. Is he rather off you said? We sure can give full of space. As a same fat man. But with a payload full of out-tain, didn't you let him make him do fairly thin, you then can't move? Can you do this for? And don't sound a cry. If you want to get our summer, you better let's Obama. They're slow. And they like that. Let me defend the chairman, Joens Deliverman campaign. Oh my god. Arrow, you're usher shumma no less. How what did this grace that is? Sting of this grace. Television stations in Montana. You live there. Yeah. And you're kind of a place that is. It's a very different place. Television stations in Montana have been warned that an ad produced by the Democratic Senator or campaign committee. Continuous statements made by Republican Senator Conrad Burns. Maybe inappropriate for television. How do you like that? Oh no. What did Conrad say? The warning came from the Montana Broadcast and Association. One station KTVQ pulled the ad after one viewing. The station manager told Congressional Quarterly who was absolutely appalled that somebody that anybody had found the ad to be appropriate for television. The ad included statements made by Burns, including the phrase, Pist poor and the senator's claim that a firefighter hadn't done a G damn thing. I can't say it. During an out-and-from-missed you well. During an out-and-missed you lie and countered a man in the airport. I can't say it but he did. And that's why there's the big flat, the big contotoms. Burns is in a closely contested race for reelection against Democratic opponent John Tester. The commercial in questions starts praising firefighters as heroes quickly changes the course from an alleged confrontation Burns had with several firefighters in July while waiting for a flight of the buildings airport. Conrad Burns said they'd done quite a piss-for job and while pointing at one, he hasn't done a GD thing to do the answer. I'm like that. Nice. Yeah, real classy guy. Who does cowboy hat? Real gay who, man. Yeah, who. But then against the kind of a gay who country. Transfacts. Here we go. We needy. Which might explain why you're there. It's so slow. Dr. Sanjay, you've just seen it. And they showed those greasy fries, maybe that's the first thing they show when they were talking about transfacts. Fries, french fries. It'll kill you. See how mine like dying from ice cream because ice cream is delicious, you know? There's something that's really good or like a, when these triple-making cheeseburger. Mmm, what's that means? That's all great. Yeah. But to die for french fries, they were at sure. Yeah, unless you load them now with salt and then a brown sauce or mayonnaise or ketchup or something, they don't have any taste. You don't have to load them down with salt. Like don't surprise lightly salted. You could eat my weight in them. You're gonna die. Oh, I know. So torture and Iraq worse than undershot them. How do you like that speaking about you're gonna die? I'm dying on the hair. Things are going so swimmingly well. And leave it to the Democrats to point things here. Oh, they can't be a screaming about these things. What if one artist see? I'm thinking that article I read before, the one about screaming and yelling and carrying on in a bob Mccane. Yeah. That's the kind of stuff that I'm a credit party ought to be doing. It's a suck up like they were doing yesterday. Nancy Pelosi in that disappointing Charlie Wrangle. I thought he really had a pair of it. They must have sliced them off. Nobody feeds to come to my country and tell me and solve our prison. Yamama, so socks in hell Charlie, got to be ashamed of yourself. And he would have traveled as a bigger person you got. Torture in Iraq is worse now than it was under the regime of son who's saying and is totally out of hand according to a UN investigator. Well, what they would they know? Right. The situation is so bad. So many people say it's worse than it was in times of Sodom of St. St. Manfred Noak. I wonder if he's a man for demand? I'll ask him that's the one. You went to do odd video. You went to start investigating on torture at a press conference in Geneva. I was actually even New York or Geneva Switzerland's twice. There's demand for demand right there. Now if you let it go, I nailed it. That's enough. He said, by the way, thanks for the bell monster. That's great. I got him with a call. I cranked out on TV here. A more man for a man. Okay. That is a good song. That bell monster. I forgot all about it. Come on to the lens. It was great. It wasn't big hit. But it's a fabulous song. Dolmas were very good even without the idea. I mean, the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer. But they were good. He said government forces, private militants, terrorist groups were all involved. You have terrorist groups. You have the military. You have the police. You have these militias. There are so many people who actually are abducted. Seriously, torture and finally killed, said Mr. Noak, and our Austrian law professor. It's not just torture by just how is the name to a by the way, John the Austrian. Who? Your buddy there in power. Our Austrian friend. O'Jongearest. John Jare. John Jare. I believe. Yeah. He's good. Tom Dubbed the city is sending a more candy bars. Anyway, it's not just torture by the government. No, I said there are much more brutal methods in torture. You'll find that private militias. He also said that bodies are being discovered with very heavy and very serious torture marks. Oh, no. There's less than a minute. It's more. Oh, that's right. I forgot. Oh, great. You said, Mr. Iraq to investigate torture with two dangerous body of get information from interviews with people in Amman, Jordan, and other sources. Mr. Noak is insulating to brief the UN Human Rights Council on a situation of the US detention facility at Gitmole. He's one of five human rights investigators who in February called for the closure of Gitmole on grounds that say torture camp. It calls it course rejected by the US because they believe in pyjemony. Mr. Noak's comments came a day after the human rights office. If you went to a system's mission in Iraq race, concerns about the violence grouping of the country. It said that 6600 people died in your line August, which I told yesterday. 6600 in your line August civilians. Not soldiers, not insurgents, not evil. There was civilians, people. Just minded a business trying to go to work to school, try to go out and pick their nose and whatever. They shouldn't have supported Al Qaeda. There you go. And the interesting thing I'm hearing now is that if the US ever leaves this to the new threat of the US ever pulls the military out, then Al Qaeda is in a position to take over. Of course there was no Al Qaeda in Iraq before the Iraq attack, but don't confuse the American public with effects or the American media. It would be very bad for business to be putting in that kind of context. Why do you hate America? Exactly. That's the answer to everything. That is very answer. Oh look at that. In our, more or not, it could get no 300. I got really carried away this. Not like the old days when we had an audience. But we do have two, two, something, two, 19 on the new pool. Yeah, we had a much bigger audience back then, but that's before they destroyed the radio station before all this crap happened. Well, you'll see in your, if you don't start taking calls again, hold your breath. Okay, inhale right now and we'll have somebody banging on the back of the head real hard once time to exhale. Yeah, that's it. Two, 19 on there. You know something, if we get a one-share or a ten share, does it really make all I much difference now? That bonus money isn't going to change my life. Yours maybe. Yeah. I doubt it. A lot. Is it really? Oh yeah. Okay, I said we better get a ten share. You better take a lot of calls when you run to make up for the ones that I'm not taking. All right. Well, a lot of several times. Who is your favorite communist or commentator we're asking on our pool on our second pool of the day? Keith Obermann 72. Well, I'm sure of pleasing proud proudest punches you would have ever would say if he weren't dead. proudest please, this punch. Don't have one 39. Well, I figures. So that's a high crowd. That's them. They're high all right. That's the David Cassidy crowd. I don't want mention any names. You know what I'm talking about? Dude, the cartridge family crowd. Yeah. They're a lot of stuff sitting there with their green teeth and the rules smelly t-shirts that they haven't washed in 20 years. I don't want to mention anybody by name. Of course that. Marine Dow 27. Bill or Wally's got 15. What is with you, people? Are you off your rocker or what? I guess. Maybe they find him for an intertuning. Lou Dodge 9. Molly Ivins 8. Rush Limba 8. Too much Doug Thompson 8. I hit this pool eight. Greg Pallass 6. Well, this is kind of a new new thing on here. Greg Pallass 6. Paul Kerman 4. Frank Rich 4. Frank Rich is great. I was on one of the, I was at, I don't know what it was. But in the first time I've ever seen him on TV and he actually can speak. Because some of the people who are on TV are great columnists. Now what kind of this? Man lunges. You can't try. You can't try. And he can't. And he can't. Lunges that murder suspect in New Hampshire courtroom. Not. I've got him. And diving at the suspects at a double time. Good. Good. Please stop it. Pick his hand. From the strategy to the defendant. They didn't say what his relationship with a defendant might be. Well, I don't know. They can't stand. They can't stand. He's not basis multiple charges. Yeah. Oh, they didn't say, yeah, this. See this is this Tony here. I saw a heat probably. I'm sure you didn't write that. He's just a boys. He's slippery and slimy. Makes me ill. Oh, good. Thank you. Paul. Okay. Molly Ivan Zayt. I already did the eights. Did I? I forgot. Katrina van der Stratel. Three Michael Medvets still got two. And that's just got to be to piss me off. Nobody. Even his family hates him. I'm sure. David Quarren 2. Tom Hartman 2. David Broder's got one. And Robert Fish, David Brooks and John Nichols don't have any. I'll have the first two, 33. How could Robert Fish not have any? Look at all the articles. I remember one now that the stuff was going on and we're coming on those people and lesbian on. Because he lives there, man. He writes great comes for the independent UK. And I'm just like he like he used to hold me. I'm farting in the windstorm. I'm a girl is right. Get back to the calls. I. Huh? Oh, oh. Oh. Ha ha ha ha ha. Sergeant. The biggest thing. So best tell us. What's the size of real Rodgers for 3.0.5.60. You. And. I. And. And. And whenever I am in Miami, I listen to. The Rogers. But it's too now. A ride. A ride. No. A shampoo and coffee and water. Shell can't go. And see the rings for your daughter. Don't come back to take recays of champagne. These are the things you can't take on a plane. And she's with her hair. And the phone and two things. And clear it to all of those. It's on your face. You have that smile and the nose on a plane. That's one more thing you can't take on a plane. A plane. You'll be with me. It may be with me. Well, they make you throw out all of the things. You cannot take. Oh, it's me. Thank you. You're much to think of, Captain. Captain Harris, just took a couple of miles in nail polish. Twelve-on-one, maybe she's trying to polish up her act. Because her campaign is really, really bland. And she's this, this is the best thing that anybody could have done. Although I look at a lot of these matchups for the Senate and some of these stories I'm sending. And it's starting to get real hairy man, really tight, real tight. Now, look at the fixing. They know how to do it. Maybe they'll get fix it to do it. 250 votes. Yeah, good old fix it. He knows how to do it. Doug Thompson writes a band-in-hope audience who vote here. Speaking of what I just said. Sounds pretty pessimistic on it. Yeah. Wow, you know him. He's not going to blue sky up. Well, has velocity is a massive victory rally in Bayruj. Did you see that? And he said it was stronger than it were before. We learned that after that disaster in Lesbianon. And how a lot of as so many people rallied around them because of this. That is correct. That is right. They kind of ignored the money rally because of the fact that they're joining better and all. They're just getting the arms rubble and off and stuff. Other than that. And when home to Barney Rubble and not much else. How many more must I because of the seat and arrogance of the American government and it's despotic leader George W. Boystog Thompson wants to know. I think a lot of the rest of us would like to know as well. How many thousand more must I have turned man? That's going to be the October surprise. How much deeper must America sink in the cesspool of corruption? How much is enough? According to the U.S. According to the U.N. A record 60, 600 rake civilians died until I noticed they'd be the record result of the illegal American invasion of a subvernation on Trump's uptourges that have won by one fall into the onslaught of fact. Even worse, the U.S. reports is torture of a rake civilians have surpassed levels during the reign of Saddam Hussein. This is what we call liberation. Question mark. Bush is cold, calculated manipulation of Congress and meeting the American public allowed him to launch an invasion based on lies. And action at the previous Pope called a war crime. Remember the fat Pope to slob on a slam? Right, he died. The Republicans who controlled Congress went along with his madness, but so too did most of the Democrats, serving in the House and Senate, and too many of them are still reluctant to oppose the war and call it for withdrawal even today. These mindless, brain dead, letting still follow this mad man and is in same policies into the abyss. Obviously, I'm concerned about the damage to individual liberties civil rights and little document called the Constitution of the U.S.A. Such pathetic, intellectually challenged morons like Bush put political partisanship above their country and no give a rat's ass about the la morality of ethics. They like the present, they follow our little more than the scum of the earth. Oh, I love this guy. I'm changing my vote. He's probably voted. I'm going to vote again. Yet these queens naturally keep control of government after the midterm elections because the Democrats like both both usable brain matter and political savvy, and if you had to offer any real alternative to voters. To win an November the Democrats need to offer something with a massive logic and a lot of come of common sense, they can't because like Republicans, original thought is beyond their capacity. Sadly, politicians of either party like they've built into come up with anything that really matters to the American people, both Democrats and Republicans are hopeless losers who couldn't get laid in a whorehouse on free-be night. Bush and Republicans have their lemons and so that the Democrats, political partisers, their foolish little followers, who have subscribed to the Indian beliefs that a political party is capable of caring about the world of the people or the welfare of the nation. They like both the capacity or the world and any more things such as system as the best we can do, lost their minds years ago. In the end, voters this fall are left with no real choice, no real hope and no real way out of the morass. That sounds like good campaign slogan. Morass. A work on it. The corruption of the Republican Party must be stopped at the only other choice in the battle is another collection of effing idiots in capable of cleaning the Kovscoff Pack out of a city park park. Maybe the best answer was to just bring the soldiers home from Iraq and then send the every elected official Republican and Democrat along with every political wannabe to Iraq and leave their faiths to the the fanatics suicide bombers in Islamic extremist. Then maybe we can start over and build a real government. He's like I said, why is he calls for the real thing? I don't know. I hate to say. I hate to say. He's fabulous. Another thing he's undercover somewhere that he's in hiding. I wouldn't be surprised if he's in the same camp. Kovado's Sama. Because he's called bad caverns. Yeah, man. He may be bad. He's only got eight votes. Bill O'Reilly's got 16. He's got eight. Does that 10? That's in our audience. Does that 10? What does he want? That's a free. I think I think it's a free job. Authority is issued a debt certificate for the son of an Nicole Smith. I know you're on a, oh, no, here's a picture of her she looks really good. She has been. She has looked good. No, no, this is recent. Okay. In February. I'm just talking about a headshot. I'm talking about what was waiting. Body. I know you opened up. When you balloon up to 600 pounds, your body's never probably going to look all like great again. But the headshot looks pretty good. I mean, you're faced. Authority is issued a debt certificate for the son of an and the cold, but left the side. The president under turn pending tax tax tax tax tests. Tax equality test, the Lord for the former L.D. TV service family, say the SD. The document will let the former playboy play me very, very, very son Daniel, who died September and didn't out and drown to a song about him. Yes. Who died September 10th of his mother's hospital bedside of a homicide. The Bahamas, turning Michael Scott said, filed on Wednesday that that's certificate list of causes pending chemical analysis to chief magistrate Roger Gomez. I think it went thing. You know, when people in the Bahamas die, they just have a help of time. You know, it's a, you know, but it is, uh, Elton. Hey, Elton, you're fairy. Knock him all you want, man. But the old queen is still around. They shot him with five bullets and five needles and he's still around. Still alive. It's not unusual in circumstances where the cause of death cannot be determined to wish her death certificate Gomez said. This is not a matter of special treatment being given in this particular case. Scott also said Thursday that Smith or the eight time to file documents, registering the birth of her two week old daughter, but declined to reveal her name. She ended that end and calls been granted permanent residency in the Bahamas, where she came to a avoid media scrutiny during her pregnancy. She's gradually recovering from her death for a 20 year old son. As if we really, um, we need to care about her. No, no, no, no. I'm not going to give me that money. Well, I thought that Keith Oldman then is producers and the people that I mess in B.C. were sent us all a big fat check for phoning the hell out of countdown. 8 to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday on MSNBC. The best. 260 votes. Well, we got close to 300 in that first hour. And of course that was back in the day when we had to be the curtain on air. Right. That would draw. That would draw plenty of extra eyes to this website. Really a shame. Eric promised me he was going to spend like 10 grand for a full page yet and you asked a day to promote our website. He didn't do it. Just like Josh has been a buy that big screen TV. Right. And he bit it down. Is real delays lesbian on Polo? How do you like that? Is real delayed polling at its main troops from lesbian on same questions. Still had to be ironed out with the beef WMPs keeping force and the lesbian is Army. We very much hope that the withdrawal would be completed by a Friday meaning today. But after context we had with the UN and the lesbian is Army. There are still unresolved questions Army chief Dan Halut stole reporters. What happened to your Danny boy? I hope to resolve them to coming two to three days after the holidays. It referring to the two day Jewish New Year holiday which begins at sundown tonight. A seasoned paced off and a happy New Year and happy a sms austora and all of these things. Halut's not specified what problems were holding up with the withdrawal which both mean defense minister, Army and Perretz said should be completed by tonight by the evening. Hopefully before sundown. If not, forget about it. Remember during that madness that was going on? We couldn't have a cabinet meeting to approve the ceasefire because it was the way it was Shabbis. But they could still keep killing people in the bombing like crazy and doing those things. Meanwhile, Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Hanaheye Hania. What tells his name? I thought it was not. Yes, it was. No, he knows the Prime Minister. He's the President. You better get your Palestinian leader straight now. Because you would know their answer to my elbow. I like to say the video. He's not the same. Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Hania of Hamas said today he will not have a government. They're recognizing Israel's strike near potential blow to President Mahmoud of us as a country. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. He's going to do what he's going to do. Eisen, I wonder if that's Mrs. Eisen, or anything that Mr. Eisen, that's possible. Remember, he Eisen Carlarm? I'll get it for you. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car, which you can use that sounds arise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carlarm, now bring you and old Jewish guys named Eisen. In a way, from my portable cell, you're big and the F. Remember, when we used to post that packet, can't read the idea. We ought to get a bunch of big space and white ones are cool. In a way, from my portable cell, you're big and the F. What the hell is that? I am the exeously profanity like that. In a way, from my portable cell, you're big and the F. And the F. In a way, from my portable cell, you're big and the F. But have some best to try to steal my town. I steal safe as an old Jewish guy named Eisen. In a way, from my portable cell, you're big and the F. Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Carlarm now and receive a free flower antenna. In a way, get away from my portable cell. You're. You're infocaine. You're in the F. And the whole Jewish guy named Eisen Carlarm, how available it istheir stories. New then old  he's probably with the 1941 professor of the fem right now. But was it just sinnries in a quick evening? What's next? Your neverse  correroawszeures create a real Vase Reg tio. az2a4s Why do you brush the... Roger, what's the problem up there? Roger, you're still confirmed. We lost our nuts and bolts up here. Roger that, do you guys know what you're doing up there? Well, the be honest with you, you just didn't know. I've been a gone dad. There's lots of gold left, mine is mine. Don't! I'm for crying out loud. I'm gonna say, good, that is bad. Houston, we have a problem. Do that, so I have to say about that. It's supposed to be a heart high high high. It's gonna join us this, this is a skill, science. Dang it. Think you might be able to sense them on a period of how fast you're in the right or space station. Think it about that. I've never heard of it since dawn, so I'm for my life. This is not funny, this is totally unprofessional. It's not impossible, it's made you. All right, if you're a bad idiot, I'm such an expert. I've been a good dude to lie to you. Space station, I'm not sure, technically what you want us to do down here. Yeah, well, I'm gonna start working on a bad for sure, we're still here. I'm gonna say this all the way to the long time. So last thing, space is what's my tax time? Why not spend the tannins up and quick them? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why are you very professional? Why are you asking me? Why are you asking me? Why are you asking me? Good morning, good morning. Come on, this is a rocket science, see you. Thank you fellow astronauts there. I'm going to do it, it's really important. Thanks for taking my phone call. Now get back to work. Nice to have. I said like more there you know In fact what's all this that thing under that Alan most thing Don't remember that are you there? Oh yeah, I was shut off because I was doing a little bit of a study production here Well, what does that mean? Spody my ass. Yeah, but that's what I heard. What are you talking about? That's how my pot shut off for a minute there to forget that he's sure having some real issues today I'm sorry must be Alice in the ball. Were you leaving him alone Alice in and could grab it on his ass Jesus all over him like stink on Joyce just get that lot of air. That's gonna say it really peoed In the upcoming issue of rolling stone environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr Bobby Kennedy Jr. along with award winning writer Dick Russell deepens his investigation in America's intellectual process Following the debacle of the 2000 presidential election touch screen voting machines Promise to make voting as easy and reliable as a drunk catch from ATM the press release dates in 2002 privately owned die ball the world's third largest seller of ATM's was awarded a contract when saw 19 thousand voting machines across the state of Georgia even though it was bid was the highest among nine competing vendors And it had only recently completed the acquisition of global election systems a voting machine from their own the technology Diabold was promising to sell Georgia But as November's high stakes midterm elections approach electronic voting machines are making things worse instead of better according to press release Studies have demonstrated that hackers can easily read the technology to fix an election which new doses have been demonstrating on CNN By the way, and across the country this year Faudy equipment lacks security have repeatedly under my lesson primaries In the article Kennedy interviews former double consultant Chris who to reveal so what a stand are right to vote as it risk The article beyond line tomorrow at rolling stone dot com. Let's see what's this day that yesterday or today? It's online today. Well, they still have calm the whole thing But some excerpts and late July to speed the fun of the new machines Cots quietly sounded agreement with Diabold that effectively privatized Georgia's internal electoral system The company was authorized to put together ballots program machines and train pull workers across the state all without any official supervision We ran the elections so it we have 156 people that dive all brought on the state They open and close the polls and take away the votes Label comments cost that would be best at the company ran everything due to the time constraints and when the interests of a travel Freelitions, she let us do it then one muggy day in mid August Who was surprised to see the president of Diabold's election unit Bob you're also rich arrived in Georgia from his headquarters in Texas When the primaries looming a rose of it was personally distributing a patch a little piece of software Designed correct glitches in the computer program We were told of his intended to fix the clock and a system which he did not do hood said the curious thing is the very swift cover Way this was done Georgia law mandates that any change made in voting machines would be certified by the state But thanks to Cox's agreement with Diabold the company was essentially not a certified self It was an unauthorized patch and they were trying to keep it a secret from the statehood told me We were told not to talk to county personnel about it I received instructions directly from your roast image He said it was very unusual that the president of the company would give an order like that and be involved at that level So I've never given order like that again Remember that maybe they should fear you according to the hood that will employ his altered software and some 5,000 machines into Calbin Fulton counties The state's largest democratic strongholds to avoid the detection hood and others on his team and it warehouses early in the morning We went in its 730 in the morning rump by 11 hoods in there was a universal key to one lock the machines It's easy to get access the machines in the warehouses were unlocked. We had control of everything the state gave us the keys to the castle So to speak and they stayed out of our way put personally patch 56 machines and witnessed the patch being applied And more than 1200 others Rolling stones article a rubber can be it's on the rolling stone dot com our rfk Got it got it. I mean hell not that anybody's been doing it about democrats certainly aren't now It's only now the curious screaming about Ohio now here We are two two here is later and you finally cut on that they stole a higher from a little bit slow Johnny boy You're not so swift as the swift voters might say god even Jonathan was more swift now if Kirk had had just gotten him little appuctions to vote for Let's see do I go see that awful well if it's on the feeders no more but don't buy it don't read it don't see it on cable Silent Hill even if you play the game 309 you won't be silent very long after after when it ends you might enjoy during even if you even if you're even You're all those people are likes to be buried in ashes all day in them Like if you enjoy that, but when it gets to the ending you're gonna say what what just happened there huh watch this half in their folks I should probably spoil it and tell me I wouldn't make any difference though because it doesn't it doesn't get any light on it the only light is in the camera Right, you know everything is real bright, you know like oh we're in heaven now We're like who knows where we are Is like being in hell at ending and then the husband wakes up on a sofa there in the door is open and he looks around I ain't nobody there and then we go up to that nice scene in the garden and the morning is pushing down Huh Yeah Oh, no kidding. I'm just rooting for people good ruin it so that nobody wasted time watching It's two hours long it feels like about a half hour marathon of of Saviour time you'll want it back. Do you say savior savior? 300 nine vote on this right who is your favorite comments or commentator Keith Olderman 118 nobody co close to Keith nice That is sweet don't have one 52. Well get one if you don't have one get one go to the nearest bar and tie one on Idiot more in doubt 37 she's sweet. She's great. Philorale eight 17 That's frightening Lou Dobbs 13 Tony Harris don't have any since this is as well Doug Thompson 13 See I read that I call now he's moving up. I hate this full 12 3.7% Doug a great-pollast 10 Molly Evans 10 Rush Limbaugh 10 Ah-ha Frank rich 10 Tall Krugman five Katrina van the Hufflepuff for Michael Medved still got to good don't vote for him Look coming name your ass right to the wall What is a nice looking sitter there stand to be kind of president David corn two Tom Hartman two David Broders got one Thomas Friedman's got one Yeah, like I said must be wolfed with three were some similarly fanatical Zionist Robert fifth David Brooks and John Nichols has still got out of 300 plus votes Oh, big old they know who those people are I guess I'm wasting my time putting their articles on our way Maybe they just don't like their articles, huh? Maybe they like him, but not as much as somebody else Just because they didn't get any votes. Oh, Pat, look at this go for get to watch 60 minutes is Sunday, right when I share a Fairfax on they're talking about how the US threatened his ass about bombing them back in the Stone Age This ought to be one of the big I mean, this is just scandalous. It's oh, there's armoured industry that I came back up I think they may have been surprised Yeah, you freaking liar man this guy's got selective all the time. We're just what he's got between You know Valerie play him in the name game and all those other crap man, what a crook Pinky Friedman is in hot water again, man. Can't keep his ass out of hot water Number kinky Friedman sure how about you has thrived on branch commentary out land this entire and crude humor But some credit say the independent candidate for governor has gone too far with his comments about African Americans Which he seems to be having a habit of that. I'll eat look pretty cute and I have it Friedman in a video clip that some of his opponents began circulating Tuesday calls the word Negro a charming word and use it in explanation of what he would do the sexual predators if he's elected November although in previous Fuxth of tongue he's used another inward a couple of times New night Negroes a step up for him isn't it? I say he just learned how to say that Show them in prison and throw away the key and make them listen to a Negro talking to himself He'd been said in the interview with CNBC broadcast late last year the comments hardly made a splash at the time But the video posted on youtube dot com is sparking fresh criticism that's on you here I've come last week Friedman came under fire for calling Katrina evacuese and Houston fugs and crackheads Critics said he'd unfurly stereotype the evacuees or a disproportionately black as criminals not that he's a racist to understand Friedman offered no apologies then or now saying he's generating controversy only because he's doing something so we're in politics today Telling it like it is Anyone who feels that anything is offensive about they should definitely vote for one of the others Re-canonies he said and if you've got it I've got a lot of the people sweep the truth under rug and worry about offending people I'm not gonna be very effective. He said and he said he's got no regrets about using the word Negro and stands by his remarks State representative garden of Coleman don't kind of use the media past chairman of the black caucus and the Texas legislature said Friedman's inflammatory comments are a prophetic attempt to appeal to a narrow-minded Texas group in his effort to once you Republican Governor Rick Perry narrow-minded Texan You to mean the bush family do I thought they're from Connecticut Roger S. Force radio 560 Tonight on Fox lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents when Jews attack Sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC Where you can get the new GOP bucket the GOP bucket is all white meat right wings in only 29 95 Fair back your favorite Jewish rock and roll the soldier man. It's Russia Sure enough with their Davis. It's album suck hop at the synagogue Yes, Russia sure and I as reformed a review 12 kosher types of pop-a Hebrew This album should be an embryo as a doctor's collection rolling stone just as five stars of David The book of Jones Stock hop with the synagogue new from Russia Shut up, I'm a level of all records swords will come twice when you can here. So fast over this album He Happy new year baby Don't forget to like the candles and say a brahma for all of us like the 33 on and for a lot of it I hate to disagree at he says please add less to a hold for the list not only is there a great voice He doesn't explain to me well the question is your favorite columnist or commentator And he is neither he's an interviewer. He's a news reader. He does have a great voice I love less to hold and you know instead of having on a weekend on today's show or wherever they they bury him He didn't belong on a pool Okay George still doesn't know who he is. Who I'm embarrassed Maurice said that I don't know if you like him But I'd like you to add al Franken the pole for your long-time power That's gonna out there that's good But look at the people are less limbo on there speaking of large as limbo get al Franken. I'm pleased. Thank you Go and Allison the tour you from your appointed rounds there Josh I just can't know what's the wrong with you man because he said before when he was out of the room That he wasn't doing an age-do's tracing quadro. He was in there doing Allison or something And that what you said that's exactly what he said Yeah, so well, I don't know what you look like I have no idea and Because there's obviously a pause there there and you'd less to the better. I don't know what A crime now this is by a Jeff Cohen now not the one from the appease of joint You know it's so tempting but just I'm just like you said I don't care. I just don't know now and I mean when I ask him about that thing the other day you were there and oh the not returning my emails What's the use if they don't care? I don't care. It's just one of those things just keep the text coming George has got it. I keep saying that I've been saying it for about three or four years now But it's only at this point the last few days that I've decided you are correct Jeff Cohen in a smirkling chimp rights across the West political and media spectrum there was wide agreement yesterday Name calling in personal times are bad for national and global dialogue Prompting the unity where Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez is comments that President Bush was the devil in current at LD Abelot Among those exercise and exercise about Chavez is name calling where some of the loudest name callers in American media today Including Rush Limbaugh and other right wing talk hosts Limbaugh tried to accrue Chavez remarks with the alleged bush bashing that comes from top US Democrats It case you forgot it was Limbaugh over the fuel Chelsea Clinton then 13 is the White House dog It was Limbaugh in 2001 who routinely were tuned Retunely referred to Democratic leader Tom Dashill literally is LD Abelot Along with devil in a blue dress theme music Limbaugh would carry on at length about how national may well be Satan and a soft spoken disguise fellow Limbaugh in July of 2001 just yesterday as Bush winged his way to Europe on a crucial mission to lead our allies in the 21st century Up pops LD Abelot Tom Dashill in his devilish devilish delivery Clinton the George Bush is incompetent months later Limbaugh started describing Dashill more as a trader than a devil who decided to align himself with the random North Korea and who's saying Also in since by Chavez was MSNBC host and former GOP congressman Joe Scarborough who last night played a lengthy excerpt of Limbaugh Pantificating about the Chavez remarks Some Oscar bro couldn't dig up the tapes of Limbaugh to tell him that Dashill was the devil and my new book cable news confidential my misadventures in corporate media I dissect the hypocrisy of a TV news business that is law-encated to a hateful writers like Papukin and Jerry Falwell in the Ann colder and TV land Vicious epithet horrors gets a defined announced outnumbered as silence progressives as the name callers when I worked at MSNBC on Phil Donahue's prime time show Man has been often complained that Phil who never name called it was one of the most courteous host and TV history was Badgering guests his patriotism was question as you're a conveyson beard an internal NBC Amendment management memo described Donahue as a difficult public face-wrenBC in a time of war Why because he insisted on presenting guests who were skeptical of the administration's motives Would Donahue terminate on the eve of the war MSNBC brass turned to host like Scarborough and talk radio big at Michael Savage No private declarations that development countries like Venezuela were turd world nations that Latinos Breed like rabbits and their woman should have been denied the vote and a TV industry been on playcating the far right Donahue was a difficult public face-wrenBC but Savage was deemed an acceptable face Two weeks in the Iraq war Scarborough was grateful at board cops and cancellations aimed at anti-war elite like Jenny Jean Graffalo Tim Robinson Susan's arandon and his against unscurber show Savage declared it Hollywood idiots Perhaps the only committing solution in treason which funded Scarborough these left his stuages for anti-mirton causes are always given a free pass Let me be clear those of us who use facts instead of rant reason and argument instead of name calling in personal attacks Evidence instead of intimidation accusations of disorderly we have the moral authority to tell Hugo Chavez that is comments or out of line But the limbo's Hannity Scarborough's normalities are in no position to point any fingers nor are the executives at Disney GE and newscorp who made them the loudest voices in American media Nor for that matter was team Bush who strategy has been to demonize and intimidate critics and other members of the so-called reality-based community Three-allies based As opposed to the dream world that they want us to all be in the fantasy world everything is just fine. Oh, we're alright It's just fine pathetic. Let's see how the appola's coming we got let's see 955 and what? You asking me a math question three or sixty seven, but that's pretty good Are you kidding me on now the first day of worship shut up night 13-22 man? We're gonna make right think we could do 1500 again today. We were with the two together and of course there would be those have well Cheating you know you got two different poll quality know it's too bad. You mama that that's my comment two freaking bad Too bad about the kissing two would have to pirate radio station Yeah, but it wasn't in wait They wasted any time on that they send the engineers right over there wherever the hell I wasn't a trailer park in the day of your wherever and a Raddad guy I want to give you a kiss I'd like to know what I'm gonna send the engineers down to Cuba to give for that We'll let your or uh roll whoever's entourage this week and about the that human interference we keep getting because they run 80 billion want yeah, that'd be something yeah When they're gonna send those uh loser in fact, you know first that he likes to travel right That are sloughing an agra falls in want and become up here and mess with my board here See I never want him touch and stuff in here now. I'm sure you can understand that. I do It isn't the idea Yeah, then that's right. He get his cookies on it and some of them imported from the old days at IOD But yeah, he probably caught a few from Steve Ziggler note Remember Steve you said that I gave a screwdriver. Oh, yeah, in my life I've been in this business for about a hundred years I've never seen an engineer who walked around with his gigantic That was it. That was his only tool. So to speak it was big screwdriver and he would like hold it up like an amenacing way Like you better watch it. I might use this. Well, you never know when you got a twist of But yeah, we could get the engineer from here to do that. He's great. And he actually knows what he's doing And he wouldn't mess up this place because everything is so clean and pristine for the old queen It's just it's just great. I apologize by the way for getting that freaks and geeks out of here I'm not that anybody else just to myself. I don't know anything to anybody Which is I apologize to myself because I yeah, I look at the pictures in there And what is this like you said it's I saved by the bell. Oh, oh God man That that's an embarrassment, but I'll make it a seven-vision game's a Franco's in it And we'll see we'll see if it's a Franco American which of course they make to be eaten Who's your favorite calmness or commentator? City you're right. They still don't miss any question even in where he don't forget name recommendations See those two right when lunatics you have on you very very famous as opposed to some of these other people But they would be like my palm. I'll let's put an ant colter on there. You want for a right sure Absolutely, I'll go go go test go to the top. Dikey ass. Yeah put her on there put man colter on there Keith Olderman 132. I'm pleased is punch to see that You know, it's not a case a monkey scene monkey monkey do you know like they think my taste in music In some time I tasted movies yes, but you know Keith but the fact is that he's he's the only hope that's on there I mean he doesn't show where he just rips some banshe's these people and tells it like it is day after day He doesn't give a crap Keith Olderman 132 don't have 162 more in-down 44 way on down to Bill O'Reilly 19 I hate this poll 18 moved down. Ski-fine Doug Thompson 14 Molly I've been 13 Locked up the dot has got 13 Rick Poli stand Frank Richardson Paul Corbman 7 Katrina Vanden Hovel 4 Tom Hartman 3 Al Franken 2. You know I haven't been put in very many stories from the nation under Levy I guess I forgot So I guess I'll have to answer next to one son there for Josh this weekend just kidding just it joke. It's just it's joke Come on guys. I sure hope so Michael Medved 2 David corn 2 that corn sure is special David voters still got that one's Probably from homine a game gold She would vote for him Thomas Friedman's got one. I've got to be a joke for them. I must like his must And quarter one on there. She's got non-rovered fish and David versus John Nicholst still have the big-o out of 3078. That's that's almost great And how does he have got to guard you? So that's why you're new. This guy is for a nation. And all you might know is Because other than nation That's as you were saying. And that's how it goes. And exclusive are those two. And we believe everything we can. And this thing run you. Blackwater for the poor friend. We love your husband. They are open, say, need for spare. Facts are too essay. We don't like to see our jobs grow. We're about to come up with blue. We're about to paint a fine cake. No, don't be so stupid. Oh, all that worries me. The fact of marriage can wait. And every funny turn in time says, I just guess you were saying. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? Security Council being made up with a five. The five victors of World War II. I think that that happened 60 years ago. And it's time to move on. And I think that we ought to allow more. More members and better representation on the security council. Hey, man, like, let's get looked and seen in there. What do you say? That's ten turn of your boy. Is there a new fun boy after it was great comments yesterday? Yeah, I'm going to be a big pair. When you got his money, you can afford to have a big pair. A big mouth and right. I'll tell you like it is. And if he doesn't like it, he'll like, you know, order a hit. Patrick Coburn in the independent UK rights, new terror that stocks the rights are public to fear. You want to know what's really going on over there. And you know what's how interesting it is. I mentioned this all. I don't know two years ago. And then last year again. And here it is. It's like almost the end of September 2006. And we still see very, very, very little live footage. Or even take footage of like, David, they life in Iraq. You know what I'm saying? I have. All the networks are there. Hey, everybody's like, covering behind the trucks. You know, see everything you need to see. Yeah. Well, maybe now we'll hear some what we need to hear. The Republic of Fuhrer is born again. The state of terror now gripping Iraqis. His bad as it was on the side of him was saying torture in the country may even be worse than it was during his rule. He went to press on investigative on torture city yesterday. And this is about manford. No whack again. The situation is so bad. Many people see his worst and it had been in time to sign him was saying. The report from an even had had senior UN official was in Shabcom, Trace with a hopes of George Bush and Tony Blair. When in 2003, they promised to bring democracy and respect for a few human rights to the people of Iraq. The brutal tortures committed in the prisons of the regime over thrown in 2003 are being emulated in sirpaste and the detention centers of the present US and British-back Iraqi government. The teenies bodies show signs of beating using electric cables, wounds and different parts of their bodies, including the head and genitals, broken bones of legs and hands, electric and cigarette burns. The human rights office says in a new report. The horrors of the torture chamber, the son of Musains Iraq being labeled a Republican fear after the book of that title by Kainan Makia, have again become commonplace. The bodies and bagdads morg often bear signs of severe torture, including acid induced injuries and burns, caused by chemical substances, missing skin, broken bones, back hands and legs, missing eyes and wounds caused by power drills or nails. Those not killed by these abuses are shot in the head. Human rights groups say tortures practice and pray young who had a put George Will, put George Will on that pull. Okay, right wingers, Josh Will. Human rights groups say tortures practice and prisons run by the US as follows those run by the interior and defense ministries and the numerous sullen anti-I'mellicious. The pervasive use of tortures only one aspect of the other breakdown of government across the Macau cited three Kurdish provinces in the north in July and August the low on 6600 civilians killed we know that. One US Army major was quoted as saying that bagdad is now a hafzy and world where everybody is at war with everybody else and the only protection is self protection. Iraq is in a state of primal anarchy. Paradoxically, the final collapse is security December is matched on the outside world because the country is two dangerous for journalists report what's happening. Some 134 journalists mostly Iraqi have been killed since the fall of Sodom in 2003. They continually rise in the numbers of Indian skilled violently to rack underlines the failure of the new Iraqi government of Prime Minister Nuri Amaliki and Salad in May. After intense US and British pressure, the new government shows no signs of being more affected than the old one. It is just a government of the green zone sitting in Iraqi official referring to the fortified zone in central Baghdad housing the Iraqi government as well as the US and British embassies. And then attempt to regain control of the capital and reduce their carry in violence government and US troops launched operation together forward in mid July, but it seems of had only a marginal impact for a couple of weeks. The number of civilians killed in July was 3590 and felt a 39 August but was on the rise again in the end of the month. The environmentally you went and reported in Iraq is only the only neutral and objective survey of conditions in the country. The real number of civilians killed in Iraq is probably much higher because outside Baghdad deaths are not recorded. The health ministry claims for example that in July nobody died violently in L. Onbar province in Western Iraq, traditionally the most violent region, but this probably means the violence for so intense that casualty figures couldn't be collected from the hospitals. Nobody in Iraq is safe. Buses in cars are stopped at checkpoints and Sunni or Shia are killed after a glance at the identity cards. Many people now carry two sets of identity papers, one Shia and one Sunni. Card number plates showing that it was a registered in the Sunni province may be enough to get the driver shot in the Shia neighborhood. Secretary in civil wars pervasive in Baghdad in central Iraq religious processes are frequently attacked on 19th and 20th of August the Shia religious pilgrimage came under sustained attack that left 20 dead and 300 wounded. Iraqi state must have decided to have been criminalized. Gangs of gunmen are often described on state television as wearing police uniforms. One senior Iraqi minister laughed as he told the independent of course they were police uniforms that were policemen. On July 31st for example armed men in police uniforms driving 15 police vehicles kidnapped 26 people in an area Baghdad known as Erasat that used to be home to several of the capital's better restaurants. Gunmen dressed in police uniforms had also kidnapped the head of Iraq's Olympic Committee. On March of our al-Sati in 12 Elizabeth said or a Baghdad. Rans and demands were made. US military suspected that Baghdad's police is serious crime squad may have been responsible and stormed its headquarters to search for any of the kidnapped victims in its basement. It is long but a matter of amusement and disgust in Iraq that government ministers travel abroad to give press conferences claiming the insurgency is on sliced legs. One former minister said, I know of ministers who have never been to their ministries but give their officials to bring documents to the green zone or they sign them. Beyond the green zone Iraq is descended into murderous anarchy for several days this month the main road between Baghdad and Bosu was closed because two families were fighting over ownership of an oil field. Government ministries are either she or Sunni and Baghdad this month the television crew filming the morgue had to cover behind a wall because the she-a-guards were fighting a gun battle with the Sunni guards of the electricity ministry nearby. Then and now 1990 here's comparisons 1998. The commission of human rights noted massively and extremely grave violations of human rights and of international humanitarian law by the government of Iraq. Hundreds of executions and some boys may have been extraditioned extraditioned executions torture and ill treatment continue to be widespread. 2006 the situation as far as torture is concerned is now completely out of hand many people say that is worse than in the times of Sodom. The reason why the government is not able to find bodies with very heavy and serious torture marks. In July group of six people including one woman were sentenced to death by hanging on charges organized prostitution. Involvement in the white slave trade and smuggling booze to Saudi Arabia. 2006 on September 7th Iraqi authorities announced the execution by hanging at Abu Abu Ghara Prison of 27 prisoners including one woman convicted of terror and criminal charges. It was the first mass execution since Sodom Hussein's rule. So many people started proceeding along negativevi from the woman they are from us. But we didTF is that the case area was that incident that followed us. And we did hear him not being okay by the same rule. For example, from the Interior Department of the rates on the heated opposition. You know the 1984 commitment to choosing a military Thrones Committee. great website, lost stories, the website, how to do this. That's all of these things. This is a lens of, and the nation, which we've better start adding a lot of those that's weak in Josh. I mean, what would be the absolute max? Not third man. What? I never seen any more than third. Are you drunk? I mean, you've never, what happened yesterday? And did you have a bad day in the casino? Or, I didn't go to the casino. Oh, OK. Well, I was like, I said, I kind of storage yesterday. Are you kidding me? Send me like 55. Get out of here. You're joking, right? I said I'm 30 typically. 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15, 16, 17. What is a lot? Oh, yeah. 19, 21, 23, 25, by 7, and 21, 23. You've been going, man. 2, 4, 26, 24, 41. 41. That's way way too many. Well, you know what happened, don't you? What happened? Well, I was basically all done. You know, with my usual 25 or 26 and 23. And then I came in here last night and come and dreams had always additional lot of ones on here. And I just, and then I started looking other places. And I found all this really neat stuff. You just have to go happy. I apologize for an hour, even. For your title of the list is before. OK. My emotional breakdown over this. Well, ever since I watched Tristan and his old, which is your fault, I've never been this bad. The biggest name of best talent, to the basis wheel rotors for Shwitio 560. You ain't bad. Thanks. Now we have private body, I know, but I always cool. Which makes the server look cool. Well, you made those weirdos, Matt, but with the mean things that you said, but some body just grabbed that bitch, I forgot to grab her upside down. The world is cool. What a beautiful food. I want to hear no more about him. I just wish some body would, shorter off. Well, if and like she saw a tough but, but, but, well, why don't we find out, but, but, but, what a right-of-room with rosy old donnellance, you will as one comes out, but, but, but, but, but, but, what was it worth worth? But, it's make hands that come that long, but, given her an opportunity to jump. You got, you've got, you wore. It's 103 at 560, WQAM. I forgot to tell you this before some good news. Since you hate Walmart like poison. Yeah. And I think you like Target. Yes. Well, here you go. Walmart's a world's largest retailer plans to slice the prices of almost 300-geneer prescription drugs like we told you yesterday, but, you don't have to go to Walmart. Okay. Many Apple's based target for the country's number two discounted behind Walmart. Said it would match its rivals lower prices in the 10th of a area, immediately of not sooner. A news release last night didn't say Target would also do so as Walmart expands the program and the company didn't immediately return a phone call seeking comment from ABC News. But, the statement said Target's long standing practice is to be price competitive with Walmart. The drugs will be sold for his little four bucks for a month supply, and it includes some of the most commonly prescribed medicine such as met form and a popular generic drug used to treat diabetes and the high blood pressure medicine, Lizina Pearl. I like that. And about 300 drugs. So, you want to get a whole bunch of drugs. Go to Target. I have to go to Walmart if you want to. We would have wanted to please if you did not. And hey, Walmart, like poison. But nevertheless, so there is a deal. You can go to Target and you have to be a co-host and you're going to Walmart. They're continuing standing there. They're testicles and they're tentacles and they're whether it's food, whether it's like gardening stuff, what a new name and man. Drugs, toilet paper, right? Oh yeah. They want to grab you and take every dime you've gotten. They're just tick, tick you up and shake you upside down. Like in a casino, same thing. Just pick up your ass and shake you upside down to whatever coin falls up. Kind of like my green. Here's a fact that says, for this handwriting was very familiar. Russell in New York. Doesn't that handwriting look very familiar? Yes. Well, you must be a chronic rust. It says, please put Bill Press. Ah! I have a lot of money. I have a lot of attack. I have a lot of attack. Oh, freaking prasic, Mack attack. For years he used intelligence in good humor to counter all the right we were talking to him. Today he host a fast-paced morning show on serious lift and rift stability and answer we did. I'll take you word for it. Let's put Bill Press on there. There's last couple of times I see him on certainly not news network. He was really, he was kind of like Al Martino. Very weak. Oh, my God. I couldn't believe it. And then Chris Madden's we'd so we'd slap him in a head. You can't talk about it. Fuck him out. Go. Well, he gets very excited when he talks politics. You know, Chris. I'll fast-paced morning show on serious lift and rift stability and answer me. Thank you Russell and New York have a great life and your handwriting is very, very familiar. You know, it must be a former chronic factor. And it came in on a different fact, especially. I'll ask you something. I just had a curiosity. Is anybody called in since Josh of course is taking many calls off the year? Well, I stopped, but stop from one. I stopped doing it all year. Why is that? Because, you know, I just wrote down how to target a run call. Is that what it was? Well, nobody, I was going to ask you. Nobody called in names for this poll. No. Well, so that people are aware you're not taking calls. So they're not going to call. I don't know, but you don't understand. See, I think we, I mean, better late than never. But I think many in the day when we had those boring, a poll building for poll building is boring. You know, you do know that. Right. And all we would get is, I got one for the poll. Well, a lot of them are much easier. They could have just called Josh. And he would have passed him along. Thus, here's another name for the movie for the actor. Pull over, whatever. Pull we were climbing. You know, hey, do we have the area in the helping to none there? No, but we ought to. Why not? Okay. From the evening, though, she should have got to lie. She saw the light. Now, why don't we have Michael Moore on there, isn't he? A commentator? He has his columns. He writes periodically. He's got his own website. How come fat Michael Moore is not in there? Good. Yeah, let's get area in a helping to make Michael more. We're trying to pacify the white wingers. You know, with Bob Novaq and Oralian, those other. You know, we didn't put Bob Novaq. Well, put his ugly old ass on there, too. He won't be around much longer. He walks with a steep cane. 439 votes. I look at all the people that don't have any. Bill Press, or he just went on there. Edna Ha. Uh-huh. George Will and Porter, David Rootson, John Nichols. Well, some of those probably just as well. Boosh taken a back by Musharov comment. That he was threatened by the US, you know, likely story. President Boosh said that he was taken a back by a purported US threat to bomb Pakistan into the Stone Age. If it didn't cooperate in the fight against terrorism after the 911 attacks, he praised Pakistan, he president, general, pervert Musharov for being one of the first four leaders to come on after none of it. Thanks to stand with the US to help rid out the enemy. And of course, to continue selling nuclear technology to every tenth world company you can to make a buck. For being one of the biggest crooks, anyway. And enjoy what House news conference, Musharov said a piece treaty between this government and Frahm's along the Pakistan Afghan border is not meant to support the Taliban. Oh, enough of Taliban, man, man. He said news enforcement mischaracterized the deals. The deal is not at all with the Taliban. This is against the Taliban. This deal is with tribal elders, Musharov, he said. Worsh said, I believe him. He said the Musharov had looked him in the eye. And Frahm that the tribal deal was intended to reject the Talibanization of the people. And that there won't be a Taliban and an Ompi and Al-Qada in Pakistan. Anybody believe in it? No. No. In an interview on the 60 minutes of Sunday, Musharov said that after terrorist struck the US on 911, then deputy secretary of state armamentage told Pakistan's intelligence director. The US would bomb his country if he didn't help. It told his director told me that you better be prepared to go back to the stolen age, Musharov told 60 minutes to stolen age. Armamentage told CNN yesterday he never threatened the bomb Pakistan. Wouldn't say such a thing and didn't have the authority to say it anyway. He said he didn't have a tough message for Pakistan telling the Muslim nation was either with us or against us. Oh, and lying through his teeth as usual, good old W. said the first I heard of this is when I read it in the newspaper. I was taken aback by the harshness of the words. Right. Harseness of the words, and of course the loudness of the bombs and the intensity of the death and the death. And the last day is right. Wow. Here's more on that doodle stuff. That was kind of an interesting story that I know. Doodle, presidential doodles. President Kennedy scribbled Vietnam over and over during a box around the word each time. President Eisenhower sketched the picture of himself looking larger than life bearish has did with a head full of hair. Oh, my god. He must have had. No, no, no, no, no. More than I've argued for. President Reagan doodles smiling cowboys alongside love notes to his wife. Little Nancy. President's card went forward. Let those scribblings. Well, I should tell you not right there, shouldn't it? It's not the first thing a scholar might search for in the public record, but presidential doodles. Hold a certain fascination for the historically minded. Doodles are often the last remnants of unconscious unscripted presidential writing said David Greenberg is divided by happy New Year David. Who I historian who is in the two centuries of scribbling by commanders and chief for a book appropriately titled presidential doodles. See, I thought a book I would get. Yeah, I'm reading it here on some of these things. See a couple of them. Perl the actual poodle, baby. The book includes the apps and minded scratchings of 24 prisons plus a note from President Bush collected from public records and our crimes across the country. What is that? Absent minded scratching. Oh, Greenberg carcens against reading too much into a doodle, but he will use the offer of Glimstone the President private side. So much of what we hear from the President is planned and vetted by focused groups. It's unspontaneous. These doodles are exactly the opposite. It's often unconscious. Like, should like get a brainstem, the shoes monster. The doodles do seem telling, take Kennedy for example. There's the box in rendering of Vietnam, which has an obsessive anxious field of wood. On a metal producing a vis-a-bib of the shark around Kennedy doodle towards Iraq, Surian Egypt, and put boxes around each word as well. Greenberg uses sketches as a window and a Kennedy's problem-solving process. Another Kennedy doodle, seemingly modern-day relevant relevance, I mentioned this the other day. He wrote 9-11 repeatedly and then were conspiracy next to it. He also inverted the numbers writing 11-9, 11-9, conspiracy. It turns out that was the telly of a committee vote, not a foreshadowing of 9-11. If you read a little bit more than you find out. See, you just get a little bit of a, you've got to let Paul Harvey say, get the rest of the story. That was the number of a committee vote. I said nothing. I said nothing. Do it 9-11. See that? Good morning, American. Good day. And it goes down to about Eisenhower and all the stuff that Crab, very boring. President Johnson. Oh my god. I'll wait till we get to, we will get to it too about the propaganda that the Republicans are spreading to black Americans. About how the Republicans are at a one-suit of coughed-up. They're so right-slides and so on. And how the KKK was formed by Democrats, all of this stuff. You know, Kerry did say the truth only he kind of whispered it. This crowd is the worst. They are the absolute worst in American history. There's nobody even close. It's the mom. They took over. He just doesn't have the balls to open up a big mouth and say it because I guess he values his life. And you know, it's how silly of him. Just unbelievable. There's another thing about doodles here. And I just, I don't know if I did with it. I had like little globes. One of my Kennedy written on stationary from the Rice Hotel, which reads, Houston's welcome to the world. He drew a sleek sailboat on calm waters and lyrs peaceful and pleasant and he sketched it at night before he was assassinated. When it comes to sheer talent, Thomas Jefferson, a renowned architect, was exceptionally skilled, but his papers contained proper drawings. The closest thing in the record is sketches are codes that he constantly drew up codes. He had a bad code and he probably gave it to his maid, too. Remember his black comades? When we tell his Jefferson, really, was the father of our company, not George Washington, after all. What do you think? The illegitimate father of our country. That's correct. Just like our illegitimate president that we got right now. The biggest name of so-best talent, civilist system, we all rocked our dollars. For 24,560, you can. More than 10. It's 2006, QA and Mercy, he's been grand slamming contest. If a wireless player hits a grand slam in the fifth inning, you could win a two-year lease of a Mercedes Ben C-234 more information. And so, it's our log on to WQA.com today. About 2006 Mercedes Ben's grand slamming contest. For 3.0550, 2 AM. It's Friday, you bestowed. Here she comes. Go and on me, yeah. She's reading the news now. You really can. Hey, hey, kitty, you're red. Because you were all around the attack. They're too busy on it. I want to damn my brother. Hey, hey, kitty, you're red. You're a little too far into me. See the ass signed to just the final. You're overbones out of me. Hey, hey, kitty, you're red. Don't just stand in town between me. All the rain was down to booth some raining. Think I'm moving to ABC. It gave me your stuff. It's one-19 at five, 60 we need. Let's see, we have 1424 votes between the two polls. 76 sure to 1500. If we got to 1500 on the first day of Rush of Shona, I mean, it starts at Sunday, I've never less. It wouldn't have been quite a feather in our crack. And our skull can't, yes it would be. Wow. I'm actually George, we didn't even go in. I'm going to enjoy. I really thought all the heck year. I can just see that. That's just what religions. We got 4, 60 in the current pool. But what we need to get with it. We got 40 minutes to get 76 votes. That's 2 a minute. More or less, right? Right. Because we just got 2 more, 1426. Good point. And when we will do a play by play as each one comes in. Not Robert Ray Heizinger, son of Miami dolphins owner Wayne Heizinger, could be sent up to six years in prison today. For a 2003 drug trafficking incident in Fort Lauderdale. Last month, the younger Heizinger pleaded no contest to a felony DUI charge. And amidst doing your court account, I'll be refusing to submit to a blood. You know what this reminds me of? I was thinking about this together, and I got sidetracked by myself, which I often do. See if some other reason I don't need any calls, because I can just argue with myself. But when remember, I was given that was in limbo there after a passion paid me off to go away and you were doing your flunky stuff for the station. Right. And I remember going to a hockey game when I threw my mirror in a. And this was after this was after a Gregory to pull one of his stunts and made promises in full fill. And I was starting to get to feel about what this place was all about, the beesleas and grey. And it was like some really sour feeling. And I remember Mike, what I thought was his name, Chris Moore. Not Michael Moore. Chris Moore, the oldest first half of his radio broadcaster, we'll be B. And he's up there with the V's pot fan, dumb frog, the F. And he's going on about, you know, Wayne Hezinger, they got the dolphins out of station and he owns the at that time. I think the on the Marlins also. At that time. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't think the arches ever going to be on that set. I already sent a contract, but Chris Moore, I'm just running around breathlessly, but I don't see where everybody. In fact, I think he said it on the year one morning. He did. Yeah, he said it on the year. I don't think the arches will ever be on this radio station. Well, here we are. I don't agree. I don't think he will be. Oh. Here we are. I was nine years later. I'm still on here going strong kicking some big fat nasty gross ass and we're as Christy and the more. Where she vanished to somewhere to one of the 85 different amount of the SPN. No doubt. If that. I just thought I mentioned that because it was so stupid when he made that comment. I don't think you're watching Wayne will ever put up with this. Come on. You know what? Let's see. We have the dolphins anymore. We lose the money on any more. Does Wayne own the Marlins anymore? No. Does he own the panthers that we have anymore? No. So what we got to do with Wayne? Absolutely. Nothing. You're like, right? You are correct. I mean, even though we have to suck up the dolphins a little bit because we have the real pregame showing a real postgame showing you know we have a lot of pretend that we're, you know, real time that they're all correct. Right. Of course we don't. We aren't. And we know that they suck and that they're lucky to sell that to third game is against the little girls teams and that they're, I love them point favorites and otherwise they have had a, if they were playing like any real team this weekend they'd be on three. I'd say right now. Of course I know they're not playing there. The team's so it's very easy for me to make that kind of a statement, right? Yeah. But Josh agrees if they were playing like a real good team this weekend they'd be on three. Listen, I wouldn't count out the fact that they could be on three. You mean even against, yeah, I wouldn't, I don't think they're going to lose. I wouldn't count it out. Yeah. You thought Buffalo would beat him too. You thought Buffalo, I mean, you thought they could be Buffalo. I did. Buffalo and everybody would say in Buffalo be a weak sister. Yes, watch sister. In December 2003 Robert Ray, high single 44, was driving on our soloist Boulevard when he struck a 71 year old man who was crossing the road. The man amazingly was not seriously injured but spent the night in the hospital. Heisen is the U.S. has third and 10 years becomes an automatic felony. This is just by luck. I'm not going to profess any psychic powers here. But it's 23 past one. You know what time is hearing you said for the afternoon? 123. 130. Okay. At the Robert County Courthouse, sir kid George Michael Kappelman will decide to either send him to prison or your lesser punishment or make him rubbed that he's ball spot for five years. Is that incredible or what? Or make him go to a dolphin game? Well, I would teach him. If you were about stating me some of that crappy food that George was forced to eat. And they even took the car fell out of there, didn't they? Yes, they did. Fasters. You know, what am I actually, yeah, I love that. That was about the only thing I enjoyed there was a car fell. Hotfud Sunday would like a lot of extra cherries on it. Yeah, did you like cookie posts? That was that. The car fell cake? No, get out and hear what that. Hotfud Sunday man, I'm trucked with ice cream. Would like lots of extra cherries. Mmm. Well, it was good. What did they put in there? Why do I want to go into that? Wow. Wow. All I can talk about is what I missed there because I like it. And fat rich used to bring those sandwiches before the game. You know, those fat-filled sandwiches from that sum shop in Kindle. And we would talk about a fat cookie post man. We said they'd be for the game just chow and down. They haven't a great time before some of those chronics used to start coming or I never forget. As long as I live, you remember the two sisters. The book store from Detroit. Oh yeah. The school bags. How do we spend like half of the time over there with them. Entertainment, and then they were all bent out of shape that we didn't spend on a fine with them. Right. And I got a fax or letter from them or something. Boy, you didn't dance with them. Yeah. No kissing. Didn't do a kazanski and give them like a little tongue. But the best of all though, even better than that, was the guy. And I didn't remember him. Some guy, some young guy, and his wife came. Yeah, we were rich in our center. And my new year all business before the game and our seats. And those days used to pay for my own seats. Enjoying them, you're watching the practice before the game. And this guy comes by and brings his wife. And as always, I'm always very, you know, like not like going to kiss and kiss you with everybody. But hi, hi, you're doing nice to meet you in a young, friendly, and the pretending I was happy to see them even on Friday. And then he called me, called one day, or sent me a fax about how, well, I brought my wife. I wanted to do was suit their like some kind of a bump on the wall. Like I was posting it up into a dance for them. Yeah, we were a 10th dance, like Tucker Nelson. Get one of those hands. Just draw a hat. Yeah, and that's your listening, but on the air back then. What a jackass. Like like our old him, some kind of entertainment. And then it's not a radio show when I'm out there in a ball game. Okay, what did I hate then? I just, in the guys that were coming, knock your beer over or whatever. And just idiots. That's one of the reasons that so much better to stay home and watch it on TV. Just like here, you know what thing I go to the hockey game is doing? I don't know. I could. It's not that far. Could have hopped on the subway and the subway takes the right to end the air Canada center. But who don't want to go there and deal and it's not like Maple Leaf Gardens where people used to be a little more Gentile and like when once the appearance started, everybody would have their ass in their seat. Not anymore. And so they've walked in front of you and they got their spill under burned food on you. Like you can't even see the damn game. I don't want to be around people like that. I want to sit in front of my beautiful big HD TV. Watch the games in HD, wish they all are. And enjoy it and listen to Joe Bowlin and enjoy it. That's all. How would the fight in these slabs? These drug and slabs? And these slabs and snubs? That's what you got. There you go. Yeah, that's really. Those are the people that go to the slabs and snubs. People in the platinum seats. What are you? 300 dollars a ticket or whatever the hell it is. It may be the air Canada center. And when the period starts since like five minutes before you see those idiots back in our seats again. Because the two busy choosing and the club section under the stand. I'll screw them. I'll watch some of my TV for free. Thank you. Hey, have you ever felt at the moment you paid for something? Is the moment that the store and the people are stopped caring about your yard? Yeah, we got your money. Get lost. Well, dime actress. Here's the good news is that they're best after you buy that new mattress from the market. No, because I've been using dime actress for years for a long, long time. Call them toll free at 1-800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices lower than the chain stores. dime actress also gives you a problem on financing. Call them and you'll get the lowest prices on the best brands. I've been telling about these people for years and I really mean it. You have to be a knuck job to buy a mattress any other way. Seely, sir, a king coil, Simmons, temperate, students and foster healer. Whatever you like, they got it and they're ready to deliver it right away. Now, the mattress has a 99.7% on time delivery rate, which means they'd like you to pick the two hour window any day the week, seven days from even the morning till 10 to night. And they show up on time like from noon to two, one to three, whenever you want. And when the words convenient for you, in fact, if you call right now, you could be sleeping like a child in real comfort as soon as tonight. Don't forget, aftercare is one of the major reasons why dollar mattress continues to be right. Number one of the world in customer satisfaction, it's the only way to be doing it. Call dollar mattress right now, toll free, 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES. Be sure to leave off the last days because it stands for stupid, disavings and stew barns. The biggest name, so the best talent, stupid basis, the real Rogers Force Radio 560, is you a-BAM. Getting stoned and so Florida. All right. So come on. Where you can throw this chicken to and you can really die to, it's going to be five, five, five, five. What you can sing in a song, it's going to be in a bottle, so be five, five, five, five, five. Let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's go to the next one, let's let's go to the next one, let's go to the end ceremony, everyone is so happy! Everybody's so low! Well, there's supposed to be some words here but I forgot because I spoke to my five I wasn't in a lot of blues and everybody out there was looking fine I saw a blind belly and the red actually went from the world to the point where he's dead I was just so surprised! That's so so surprised! That's just so so fine! That's just so so good! And that's just so so good! One thirty four twenty six before mad dog time and two I don't think we're going to make our fifteen hundred between the two poles That's bad! Five oh three on this one nine fifty five and that's fourteen fifty we need forty two boats in twenty six minutes That's not even two a minute but I just I don't think we're going to get it I must say really at least we really put the pedal on your metal I don't understand this fact to you because I just go and I got it in my hand right now in the facts too Since oh my god quick I just google how we're David and click down the Wikipedia definition and that says Ha ha ha! We did now so I google it clicked on the Wikipedia page so funny it says You see anything funny about it medium funny No one thing about it. Only thing mildly amusing it says at the end after about the cellics and the jets It says in 2006 although it doesn't say anything about the dolphins here at all Was it? Sure does! Where's that? Oh there it is you know just a very right after that David was also cbi cbs's radios lead take my play voice where it's on in a football coverage to 95 when cbs moved him out of a football both replacing him in a long time voice Wait a minute. I see my mind is chopped off you waited to me. What cbs what? One I don't know where you left off. We moved him into the Monday and football both replacing long time voice jack But into here's the part you need to read. Yeah he loved them after the 2004 season because he was intimidated by infamous Top show host Neil Rogers hilarious parodies of him taking free pizza. Oh for me? Yeah out of here. That's what it says. No it does not. It does not. Not on mind it doesn't it just as he left him after the 2004 season period. So I must begin a different Wikipedia man. I only think I found very interesting two things. In 2006 David provided hand-by-hand coverage for many events in the world series of the world series of poker for serious satellite radio which is mildly amusing and then at the end a see that it says currently david is one of sports USA jones radios that a pho-boys is right okay yeah okay and then it says in 2006 they're very end right now that they go the last sentence of the paragraph before that but it's not on mine don't you know since he left them after the two thousand four season period the residents not on their old and then the categories for you to click on it says you're a birth missing that's the part that I do don't know and so like some of the music so anyway so I've only one of our cranks to put that on earth you know just like put on your about your journey and your thing although on my page and Wikipedia where it says at the end about uh... you know when he's not there whatever that said what did say you were ponders in the coma and you see you and whatever now and still had much higher numbers than the sports segments on radio station each and every summer to miss one so we have a trend when Monday at ten thirty I think all right something will look forward to baby because that's going to be two turds of the summer book wow heavy heavy duty man you could almost smell it from here two thirds in a course across the street they're going to be and so good thing it's a Jewish holidays because you'll find where you're going to be sitting shiver baby they're going to have to go to show a lot and pray for a number of money and get stock coming five twenty three okay i think we got a shot now see when you go some a little bit jasha and you're not goosean sorry i think i think that's going to have to give you better instruction nicely maybe we have to give him better instruction and we're not losing more my accounts it's a busy doctor because let's see all i see all i see all there it is see i'm in and see where can we be as you know this is the thing that's disturbing about that alone all in a way it's good because people can put entries on there that if for people to get looked over like me we didn't have anything on here for me and we get some of these other marginal human beings on there it's pretty embarrassing he left positions both positions after super world thirty eight to thirty six to take a position with a dolphins he left the night after the two thousand four season because he was intimidated by infamous talk show host neo-rugional areas parodies of him taking free pizza you're right it was most amusing and even though you're right it's a more amusing when you see it you know what's right in front of your post the pizza somebody's ran so on your hand and you're supposed to play all for me you never did send that to me brother what the all for me yeah you have that I know I don't I wonder why that's all I just uh... clip that from that ID that twelve one hour or one to two hour whichever one one two three four five I just stopped it and dubbed it from there how come I haven't played it in a long time time isn't the twelve to one hour that's the one well how did it is and this portion of the new rangers in twelve to one hour is brought to you by the legend twelve one two three four five six seven eight nine eleven twelve so like she's a pizza oh baby oh I can do that probably now we'll we'll cleanly but I can do it and let's stop with the most of the don't know what was most amusing I like it 21 till two at you I'm not gonna read that most start now to the breakfast black Republican groups add accuses Democrats are starting the KKK and claims Martin Luther King was a Republican to which we say oh my gosh the biggest name stuff best tell ourcek evitation be yourRROTTERES 4Shridio 566 whatever Hey, scamble doll, it's worth okay, it's your way, y'all I saw this mess on this line, you and your view All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way All the stars rise for you, you and your way Say, don't go wild, today At some feet to make historia shine Every time I try and flow and shine Every time I try to ride,<|ne|> babbling From all of a sudden I like your ribelling All the stars rise for you All the stars rise for you, you and your way I'm proud of you, I'm proud of you I'm proud of you, I'm proud of you My prize all be jacked upon the sound and served And now we're ready to pray I'll be standing at my sofa And make me jumper in the fire Now, she'll be singing away Seats you, you should all start blind I swear, I swear, I'm proud of you My prize all be jacked upon the sound I swear, I'm proud of you I swear, I'm proud of you My prize all be jacked upon the sound And make me jumper in the fire Now, she'll be singing away Seats you, you should all start blind I thought that everybody would turn him off once he started taking those calls. Nice tried Joe, didn't work. We're going to kick your ass and you want to know why because we would do anything to hurt you guys. A radio ad running in Maryland produced by the National Black Republic and Associations but drawing heat for claiming that Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. was really a Republican and that Democrats opposed all civil rights legislation from the 1860 to the 1960s and were responsible for the coup cost plan. Isn't that lovely? The National Black Republic and the Association, the NBRA. Although it doesn't mention any candidates he has been here to support the Lieutenant Governor of Michael Steele, as he runs against Senator and Congressman Benjamin Cardin for the first open Maryland seat in two decades. Last year, Democratic Senator Paul Sarveins announced he wouldn't be seeking relations to weigh six term. The 60 second added shift is a casual conversation between two African American women who want to explain to the other how Democrats had banned bullsville blacks in the belief that their parties are more for this civil rights movement than the Republican party. The character named Tina claims that Democrats passed those black codes and Jim Crow laws starting the coup cost plan and released those vicious dogs and fire hoses on black people. According to the Tina Care, two Democrats have talked to talk about Republicans have walked to walk. The world has time for us to do the walk that we must say together then. You know it, girl. The National Black Republic and Association believes that their age-ad paid for by the Black Republican Freedom Fund, a 527 organization will open the eyes of black Americans by sitting in the record straight, even though civil rights historians obviously challenged their claims. They should be screaming about this story. There should be Democrats on there on every talk and head network and even on a comedy channel screaming. It sets the record straight demonstrating that was Republicans not Democrats who champion civil rights for blacks over the past 150 years and be our chairman Francis Rice said in the press release. I didn't know LBJ was a Republican. Democrats have hijacked this civil rights record to the Republican party and fought every effort to Republicans to help blacks get off the Democrat party's economic plantation. Although the tender Governor's sealful abortion and post-only yesterday, before he heard the ed that it was about time Republican speak to their real place in history and to debunk the myths, his campaign released a statement earlier today asking the group to pull it. Pull it. Pull on it? Hard. And nothing's happening. And the R.A.'s current radio ed is insulted in the Marylanders' intention to come down immediately to steal campaign statement. Although they may have had good intentions, there's no room for this kind of slash in burden partisan politics. And the important conversation about out of us bringing meaningful change to Washington, D.C. and get something done in Maryland. The Washington Post spoke to a University of Maryland political scientist who slammed the as distortions. It's totally a totally polishes rendition of the platform of the parties because in effect what has happened, the two parties essentially switched in the ideology. Ronald Waters told the post. The A.P. also notes the N.B.R.A. describes itself on its website as a resource for the black community on Republican ideals. Doesn't say how many members they've got. Rice viewers reported that half of the newly formed groups reported directors have resigned. At the same time, the Bush administration was taking heat for the federal response after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans. The organization and its core leadership was heading down a much different direction than was envisioned by myself and the other board members said former communication director Christopher F. in an email. Yesterday Manhattan Journalist Steve Gillier wrote a post on his news blog which contained a .5-point response to each line in the radio ad. And reaction to the claim that Democrats wanted to accept the same sex marriages, Tina Bors would not have a parent's consent and suing the voice gusts for saying, God and their pledge, Gillier fired back. Most black people care more about jobs and are acting gays getting married. He told Raw story that the ad was especially offensive because it assumes that blacks are unsophisticated voters who are driven by emotion when Maryland just may have the highest concentration of blacks with advanced degrees anywhere on the planet. So try and rewrite histories insulting. He said, people know the history of the two parties and this is just offensive. How do you like that? Democratic strategists do a trippy told the Washington Post. The statement was almost as bad as what the website did to try to smear an entire party with one random person through up on a web. I like that. And the locality, Michael Steal knows that the radio ad is a time bomb that he's going to pay for. Well, just let him pay for it. I hope it's closed right in his ass. You know what year it is? What year is it? You're the captain? 5766, baby. Oh, how do you know what year is it? I'm looking back grimly on the passing year and with a lesbian, he's worse still fresh in their minds. See a little hope that the coming year will vote any better. According to Jewish tradition, Russia, China, or New Year, which begins at Sunday night, offers a chance to turn over a new leaf of fig leaf and talk to the passing months. Now go back to that poll about the Jews being very popular in America as a poet in terms of what religious groups are admired, etc. An atheist being one of the least next to Scientologists, how about somebody born a Jew who likes Delhi? I guess they split the difference. Can I get off the hook on that? Somebody born a Jew who can eat you for like's Delhi a lot. This is Blinzen's and his kishki. 5663, and I wanted to... oh, that put us over the edge. That put us over the top. We got 15 million. We got over a thousand. I mean over 1,500 altogether. Now are you citing? 3. The passing year 57666 in the creation of the world according to Jewish tradition. Turkey's real through some of the most romantic moments of its recent history. It began with his wheels withdraw from the Gaza after 38 years of occupation, so that his appearance of it really their aerial seron who still off tourists. And he left the radical Islamist Hamas moving into Palestinian territories. And now that you're insured we have to the Resby and he's war, which many consider a figure, both politically and militarily, no kidding, no Schmidt. How are those custard bombs, you won by the way? Yes. You might say that that war, that invasion that Bush prompted was a bomb. The year 57667's beginning with his railies, disappointed in their government, angry over the mistakes of the lesbian and he's war, and deeply pessimistic about any breakthroughs in the all but more abundant Middle East process. In other words, the Jews still hate the Arabs and the Arabs hidden like poison bags. I like that. I mean, he's too, they're like they said in the Gulf of the day, how does that we hit him back? We hit Bruno to tell you, to be a clock this morning. Remember that? I do. 563 votes, who is your favorite commentator? Keith Oberman 204, man, he kicked ass. Nice to go and keep 8 to 9 PM on MSNBC every Monday through Friday countdown. Don't have one, 90, more in doubt 88, 68. Or he just, he just dominates. Not good? No, no, not only 24, from sick people. Hate this full 23, Molly Ivyn 20, Doug Thompson, 19, he's great. Lou Doves 18. You're great. Come back again like Chris Matthews would say if he was talking politics. Great to last 16, Rush Limbaugh 16, Paul Crohnman 13, Frank Rich, of dozen, Michael Moreton, Al Franken had six. I like that. Hmm. And everybody else fairly small potatoes. The biggest name, some best challenge to the business wheel Rogers. For Shredio 560, 2A and... It's day old with my heavy towel. And five, six, oh, brother, you, you, A and... What the fuck are you doing? Hi, five, I'm five, drive here. What did you hear about the moths? And what they've done? They said fire to some churches. They shot the children on the hands. They say they're not really violent. They say they're not really mean. All the clubs I've made it, Than it's just you. Than it's just you. What can you say? They make those no-fons of angry. And act that way. Maybe it's because he's from Germany. But you're losing. And you guys are choosing what I'm not seeing. Than it's just you. Not that repetitive, sad. They're all so many things. It's a problem all I'm in. They say the both be fair. All of them are the men, all these. They're burning at what I'm seeing. All of them are the men, and that's what I'm saying. Than it's just you. All of them are the men, and all. Than it's just you. Bye, bye, bye.