BAM! You're not stupid! He used to rock, but lately he's been making lame CDs of old people music. And now he's turned his sights on lame Christmas novels on. Grab a... ...gust run over... ...by Rintin! Introducing Mod Stewart, the great Christmas novel he's songbook. Featuring all your Christmas comedy favorites. Like Chee Chan-chan, Santa Claus. lizard squirrel shaved, Linksied by W Guess Neverland, Jump out of the wall, Dimi andifies cats đó. And Bob and Dudman Kenzig, twelve days of Christmas. How fun! There are Christmas guests.quito, tv,лаo, Nogue, Maro, villo! We have much on STEAT! And Bob and Dudman Kenzine, twelve days of Christmas. Now I'm going to touch sweet on Christmas! All the words in the right place! bell. Buy your copy of Rod Stewart, the Great Christmas Navocchi song book today, or on second thought, now maybe a shouldn't. It will only encourage him. Well said, when I was good timing, I just finished up with all this impotching road along here. We had little technical difficulty again. So you got it then? I got it. I got all four pages. I got my spots all eyes up here. We're all ready to go. We're all strapped in and ready to go. You know what I'm saying? 10 or two or five, 60 WQM boys, Thursday, December 21. Tsunuka has been a longer eating alachas. I didn't have any alachas. I had a lot of alachas. I had a lot of alachas. I had a good day, man. I made two good moves. I went up with three good, well, two good machines. I had one dead machine. I didn't sit there and keep feeding it. I'd probably still be there sitting in feed in that baby. Dead, dead. Don't feed a dead machine. I don't care what anybody tells it. And of course, Harry and Detroit, he's probably thinking, oh, there he goes. What else still, silly advice about trying to slot my machines? Well, I'm just telling you. Who's in my hands on that dollar machine? I said, this is a dead piece. You ever have a dead piece? I love you. No, you're lucky. I'm sure a lot of guys out there have had a dead piece. But then you rate. So I got up and went to the $5 machine. I got lucky. I got $1,500 online. I got most of my money back. I went racing back over the dollar machines. And I had two grand online and I went almost two grand and went home. Pretty good day, huh? Yeah, not too bad. And of course, we're just, my space is the place to, you know, stick your face. I'm thinking, you know what I'm saying? We're just obsessed. Well, I don't know. Maybe I'm obsessed. Do you think that's what it is? Yeah, that's it. Is it? Yep. Well, I don't know. I mean, for no-l's fart like me, I never thought I even take an interest in this crap. And then, of course, the first interest I took, Whoa, look out now. We'll take the snake. But then, of course, it's turning into really, we got 884 friends of my space. Which you never dreamed in your wildest dreams. We get anywhere near that, didn't you? No. In fact, we have 883 votes on the poll. Today's poll. And we have 884 friends of my space. Is there any connection whatsoever? But it's nice to see those numbers kind of matter. In fact, maybe by the day, exponentially, the numbers of friends of my space will, although it's going to dramatically in less than a couple days. Anyone know why that is? Oh, I don't know. Tell me something. Because that's what we've been talking about. Yeah, a lot. And I'm sure a lot of the orderfarts like me are thinking, What is this all about? What is this man talking about? Now, the thing that's most puzzling to me, and most disturbing, is that, and not disturbing, but just, I don't know. Well, once you delve into this and you realize how easy it is for people in the, you'll see all those deadlines shows for it. And it's like shooting fish in a barrel. You know who the hell you're talking to on the other end of that? You can, as you said yesterday, as you said it, I dream it. You can stick anybody's picture on there and say, Oh, hi, I'm, you know, Salah, Rubino Woods, or whoever to have your claim in the B, and I'm Salah, which can bival. I'm a Salah, you know, Schwarz from down the street. And maybe Salah is like a scanthily clad, and, you know, got the big bazumbus hanging out there, and everybody, all the guys are like, and maybe, maybe, Salah is like a vice-coff somewhere, maybe Salah is like some evil door, who's just tried to name your ass. Get you a big jackpot for the crackpot. You wanna say it? Hmm. So, how do you ever know who's on the other end? You don't? Well, what do you mean by that? What do you mean you don't know? You mean till like knock on the door and say, oh, hi, I'm Chris Hansen from Daylight. Yeah, so my best advice is if there's anybody on there who claims to be under legal age, legal tender, no matter how tender they may be, just keep your kind if you're gonna have any conversation, keep it on the up and up. Keep it up. Am I right? Yeah. Don't be unless, of course, you know, your massacre is new looking for real trouble. Because it would seem to me again, but not being the expert by any strategy imagination being a real novice of this, but it seemed to me that this is a really excellent place to get your life brought to a screeching hall. Yes, and then end up with Bill Kymall in there. End up with Miss Kymall, and the same cell. That would be really bad. Correct, I'm with you. What a very junior. Okay, let's look at off of that for just a second. Not too long though, because that would be bad. Here's the poll from yesterday over the years of what person had done. Have you like guilty in there, okay? Didn't stop by and buy me a lunch dinner, even a little Chinese take out nothing when he was here the other day. When the panthers beat the snout out of the make believes. Let's see, what have we got? We got the panthers and the rangers in New York tonight. Well, I'll be damned. How about those ratings yesterday? Nice going Kenny and Boa. And Mad Dog and the Humphrey and he was truly. And isn't far and I'd had any case line show. That's what they say. Now, what do we move with that? In other words, you got an update? No, I'm just saying, they isn't you. They, oh, as in me, I'm not the one who will give an information that came from the horses and asks from a clearance or one of those people. Well, that's the rumor, Bill. The rumor mill is tomorrow night's, any case line show on QA. And we're going to miss them. He's a good guy and never get to hear a show because who the hell, you know, first of all, I'm never there. I'm not coming in here to hear it. With all the respect, I like it a lot. But I'm not going to come rushing in here like a 10 o'clock at night or 11. Well, next next time you get one of those emails at like three o'clock in the morning, you just pop them on. He won't be on a three o'clock anymore. Actually, I do get this. My own, my own doing that. I want my buddy Moishi and you feel bad out there because for the second night and I don't know why I left my black bear and the night's saying next to my, but I don't think I want to do that permanently. You know, it's not a good idea. Because I think when you go, what do they call that when you keep getting your sleep in a rupture like that? No, I've seen how he's been feeling better. I don't like I said no problem. Okay, Moishi, no problem at all. So, 2015 and more and nothing says, and I just jump up all the way out of the bed. And it's another email. And anyway, this is the life we have chosen. You know, we're like all instant messaging and emailing and back and forth and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. It's just the way it is, right? That's the modern era. What did they do? What are the Romans do back in the days before there was email? Over the years, what person at WDQM has been the subject of the years on the year as for being the most deserving? Who deserved it the most? Not even close. No, how we David ended it. Why notice guilty was again, tiptoeing around ripping them and ask even though he would love to just go on a bat, bat, bat, and I'll go with her whole quick thing. But he, I didn't hear him doing it. I just heard the ass in there. And of course, it was guilty. It was definitely the ass in. Mo, how we're David at 560. Joyce Fitch runs with bitch and believe me. She is 294 corporate legal for the measly abroad casting corporation Joyce Fitch. A real simple thing, if there ever was one. I hate this pull and 155, 10. 10.5 percent. I don't like that. I hate this pull on today's pull is in line as place way down at the bottom. So far. And now that I said that they'll look goose it up again just to aggravate me. Right at the middle of the holidays, no less. Come on, let's have a little bit of that holiday spirit. Come on. Greg, we'd 104. The measly is 99. The sales team is 69. But it means really kind sales people are I soul. There's much lower. Somebody asked me on the, my space here that they've got to have a much lower. So I told them he's doing production in LA. Is he good guy? And he does occasionally some stuff for us. Like that like this. Like that. That's a good one. And it's a good one. Well, there's two of her jeans on it. I'll let's see. The sales team's got 69 votes. Screw in 42. Gellby's got 38. Scott from Rally's got 27. The engineering staff 21. And of course after the fact that your fax machine and there's a working this morning probably that should go up several votes. The water not see 14. Oh, she was a real piece. Clarence has got 11. Jeff, remember the rim man. It's got 10. Boy, I'll decide. I'll remind that rim. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Now. Green for his got 10. Robert, the creepy green for his head. He's got 10. He's got 10. Boy, I'll decide. I'll remind that rim. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Now. Green for his got 10. Robert, the creepy creepy. Jeff high. It can a high boy fat boy's got 6. And me 44. I had five. Jeff to force. Haven't heard a word about him boy. He was. I'm saying if we're guy that was hanging around for a long time. You know, when he was on the morning show that worse team, you know. I remember one day he was in a hallway. There in one of their 75 minute commercial breaks. And he took out his wallet looking for something. He must have 75 different paychecks in that wall. He had all these different gigs going. Now he was doing it. Engine thing on TV and he was doing the morning show on QAM and he was doing the dog racing. Well, he just had all kinds of crap going on. Which is a good thing because I'm sure hope you'll help you. How about I like cash from those checks, DFO. Okay, although it does buy a lot of booze. And on today's pool, 918 boats. I don't think we're going to have any calls today. Are we? I mean, you know, if we get any, I'll pop or write on them. Like this will be a short one. QAM. Yes, that's a rouget. Like I said, we'll be a short one. Okay, get back to the pool. How stressed out are you with this time of the year? It's a bad fool. I apologize. It's a crappy pull. Would you agree? Today's? Yeah. I think it sucks. Yeah, it's not great. It was in the sunset when yesterday. I read that thing about how stressed people are in the different countries in the USA. And all that crap. So I figured, well, it was easy. And then tomorrow we're going to do the pool about my will. Don't let me forget to do that. Don't forget. Now I'm sure you owe it. Let me forget. How stressed out are you with this time of the year? Not much, 171. Well, good for you. Somewhat, 167. A lot, 149. What me worry? 148. Not at all 141. Big time. Not so. Like that. 117. And I hate this pool. And mere 25, 2.7% on 988. Boats. Now, do I, 924 votes now? But we're going to have a thousand way before we get to the top of that hour. There's a good sign. And in the fact we got 84 members on my space page. And just they're coming out of the woodwork. They're coming from everywhere. Now, how does that happen? I guess it's obviously word of miles, right? Yeah. Is that what it is? You've probably got people sign it up to be, you know, have profiles on my space now. What do you mean by that? Just to be your friend. They want your start-up to rub off on them. Is that what it is? No, they want it. My will is what it is. I've said it one thing, at least at least he don't want it in my will. That's a good sign. Yes. Well, nobody seems to want it in my will except Josh. He wants it in a real bad. But we'll get to that tomorrow. I don't want to like a milk tomorrow's material here today, then he coming. Oh, tomorrow being the Friday before Christmas, I thought we're going to play like mostly bits all day. That's true. Yeah, we agree. That's true. Don't let me forget about that. So, whatever happened with the original soup man, did we ever get any follow-up on that? We're getting any more soup. We get any more soup, huh? I mean, he brought in a lot of soup for the station yesterday. And we definitely ate it. So, that's the end. It was really good. Is what everybody said in Chris, there he said he was okay. It was wonderful. I got news for. If you want to find out how to suck up a lot of free food man, you might be a little more enthusiastic than that. I'm trying to tell you how to do your gig there. But I'm just telling you, if you want to get a lot of free food, just lay it on thick. In fact, I don't think it was probably the best soup you ever had in your life. When you say, I definitely, I never had to eat oats on a pool. On the Thursday before Christmas. And all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even car. That. Don't get me started on that. Don't allow me. I'm putting you in charts and surges on vacation this week. I'm putting you in charge or keeping me on the... Listen, I could not throw you there when I get to an aeropath. Don't let me get to all entangled in the... All of the... The biggest name. So far away. Don't get me started on a long Sunday. For a free or five birthday. You, A, A. Who a present and you run? It's my thing fun. I ain't gonna give it up. Try for my food. You make the voters run. Are you the one? Will we vote for the black guy? Or by my name? But stop where I'm. What! When did I say the news? Let's play 小 nah. Is that hell a time? This is my I, my my. Toenie! I put the rules on my hearts. I put the rules on my heart. be doing our Christmas day show from skyline chilly. That's what I'm here and didn't you hear that? Of course, for no have a Christmas day show. We also have a New Year's day show. We're going to put a bunch of life football games and a bunch of crap on here. Is that right? We don't have a New Year's day show? No, we do not. You didn't know that? That's awesome. That's a week from Monday. We're off for what you're off Christmas day. And then you're off New Year's day. And of course, I'm off all of those days plus a boxing day in the other days in between on vacation next week. Next week. Oh, thanks to Lord, baby. Oh, God. You bet. You can just imagine all of trouble like you didn't want my space next week when I'm on vacation. I've a lot of time in my hands. Oh, can I be a bit busy, though, man? I got several important luncheon dates set up. Can't wait to, uh, you know, get back with you and see how many new boys you found. Well, what does that mean? What kind of a meaning like who's that? Like, you know, dad? You know, we had to take up what like a week or a guy's whatever. That's like if I said, you, I can't wait till we get back on. See how many little girls you've been doing? I'm whatever guys. Oh, what so bad. Oh, that's the guy. That's how bad he's on the phone ordering the howies. Good man. Uh, huh. Uh, huh, he had a good teacher. I'll tell you that. You can say it. I got a very hungry. He's got me at working. Do ze. Oh, he's the police. He's picking on me. I don't know how many lube are as what he's doing. Huh? And you're not paying attention to You guys just keep eating okay it's the holidays. It's a holiday show. We don't care. You'll see WKOM hello So like I said we don't have any real colors today. I'm sure that I wasn't planning on taking any effect We might do the comedy bits things that they end them all a lot of them They're kind of a filler material action. Why not not? That's time with the airman everybody's like screwing off people are taken off from work early They're like a hauling out of town wheel early and the airports are jammed. That's right It's the holidays all request That won't get called No, I don't think so. Yeah, they want to hear young Neil and a bridge tender and a bridge tender and young Neil And maybe that one about how do we get out of a rack but not the one that you keep playing or whatever That one is I don't know what that one is I'd be glad to play for that guy But I haven't got any idea what he's talking about and you don't either nope and Chris I mean forget about that Chris is waiting for the food from how he's What is it? WQAM hello Yes, sir. I want to thank you so much for your show because it really comes in handy for me today What do you mean by that? I ran out of Tom and that Yeah, yeah Yeah, I'm material too a long time ago obviously WQAM hello Neil, you know you talk about good good Yeah, we're talking about people like you and we don't want to talk to you. Don't you understand don't go away. May I just go away? That's all just go away Say what you say and go away get back out of banana boat Go back in to take over the country. Okay, get out of here Find something to do play in traffic. Okay. Go to sweet water and go out into middle of the street and play in traffic And just keep running around going huh like that WQAM hello WQAM hello Neil you must stop man the pants against the home. It's not in New York well guess what it says right here on the schedule Panthers at the Rangers that's carrots again screwing up real bad. Okay. I messed up I'm reading what's on a schedule here baby and you're right here's right the game is tonight At the macaroon it well there you go. That's carrots again. It's a slaughter Panthers at New York Rangers It just this clearance man. Well. He knows about hockey. But it doesn't have to do with you. M you know How did you undo it against Binghamton basketball last night? Out of it they lost they lost a Binghamton yeah Oh my god. Are you kidding me Binghamton? This is like a little girl school. They're like 40 people in Binghamton New York They are a little girl school and yes, they lost to them Well, now that was a home game with that arena that they need like a whole in the head. That's correct the hole in the head arena Well, I you know like I've always said all through these years I've been consisted All right guys It's definitely what I was doing you and baseball all six years that I did not say that But they the fans filled it and the whole the whole program the whole university still is the same crap as it is now Only we had the mic Rosenthall doing WDOM and then W news time is 1022 mic Rosenthall Wow, Rosenthera's in J. Roach Beach with his epicles I bet you didn't know that did you J. Roach Beach used to be the PA announcer and still is for the hurricane crap But he used to be for the Marlins until like kicked his ass out of there He's family is the Roach Beach pickle people. Well, you I know that from the show you've said that I want to say it again Because he's the oldest UM groupy him and the mic Rosenthall they'll go to their graves, you know Oh, gocanes it'll say on the tombstone gocanes so he people like that Like many of our call in fact like most of the call is that you saw what we had yesterday the drinks and if you thought yesterday Was something wait till you see today because now it's only 40s before Christmas anybody with who knows anybody else is out there Shopping for gifts and running around and you know going nuts over per shooting people over parking spot Like that well hopefully we'll get the good calls like you got when I wasn't here now we will not know that's because you're back They don't want to show off while you're here plus they know you're leaving the show They will see if you we had a lot of good calls and you feel like bad about leaving the show But if the calls continue like they were yesterday and so far today it'll be like they got it was working on that material for half an hour Oh, I love I Are some an act I Really good WQAM hello QAM Mr. Great golden chance. I bet that was the guy from skyline Chile again Tell me QAM hello You know where's my girlfriend gonna be with the van I want to get a city and t-shirt. Okay good and I think In Uranus Or maybe on Pluto want to be other Tell me QAM hello. I know the morning. Yes, sir. Oh, I am sorry to ask you But you've been talking about what happened to your mice face, but I still don't get the clue what really happened Can you uh Still here you you're hurt and you're feeling the hurt and the what happened I mean I get always Yes, yes You don't repeat it or not I want to go through that whole business again It was a guy that I knew from before that you know asked to be a friend at our mice base and We're communicating in kissy kissy kissy and kissing my body the audio and then he just vanished you know He was supposed to meet me for a moment I know what was your question. It's it drives me crazy. You got high high something and my space and this and that I mean keep it simple please just pick up the phone call Anyway, I put you in my room my friend. Okay. Oh my real real real idiot I see 964 It's not no full like I said a little bit too much How are you here? Maybe they're all on their all on the sauce in the bag on the sauce, etc They're all passing around the big you and smoking those big fat ones. They're smoking the herald this morning Which is about to look at what you do sure to want to read it 964 vote on the pool and only 2.9% I hate this pool. That's pretty good considering how sour they've been on our polls this holiday season WQAM hello QAM Good morning, I speak to Neil speaking Neil good morning. I'm listening to you on Online today for the first time You're right. You're doing Better well My employer and the pool business decided to Lay me off over the holidays. Oh nice. Could I could I say their name? No, okay. I won't But I like like the way it sounds like the graphics on their two Graphics on one Online all is like the delicate graphics. Oh, you don't know they're there. Yeah, I know they're there. Yeah, who does that? A guy a guy set up a graphic a guy who a graphic guy well listen have a great time in self-backman I mean Happy one Say how to bring you Quinn give a big kiss. I'm looking for me. Maybe a little tongue too would be good Just a little a little like that just a little bit not too not too much Okay, carried away people start making all kinds of comments gay 26 past 10 that was really sad that he came in a distant third in the husband voting Great he went out that was what I think the Pope is probably gonna be pretty peeled about that and the Vatican's Don't go to declare war on US pretty soon, too We're gonna have to bomb the old a Pope with a stupid red shoes 26 past 10 at five 60 W QM broadcasting live and direct from skyline chili and four lobbedale Yeah, we're talking about that before the show today some of some of you people out there man. It's just You think we had problems during the holiday so I mean some of these folks are just unglueed on racked And they're just I don't know what to say because it may be like that. What is the story? Now a bit good reason to be as far away as possible from South Florida as the people The people I mean a palm trees are beautiful and the ocean looks really nice Except it's polluted and cold and stuff like that, but oh and the beaches you know Full of garbage and crap and seaweed but nevertheless Everyone to complain to this station Food and food and recommendation is joining investigation to the E.C.O.I. outbreak at Taco Bell No way is what I E.C.O.R. outbreak the majority of victims ate at Taco Bell I was shocked with a turkey dog and then I got explosive number three Then my through a fire that's all we're all trees And then my through a fire Hi, ourselves completely My boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy, my and you're always to make you can see my string. Oh, and so lovely, sweet, you. Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God, I can't imagine the heart. Oh, don't we make it out of the way? I'm so sorry to make you disappear, you're so sorry. Three, four, four, go! The crowns were all the world. The crowns were all the world. I was weak, with case of the earth. And on my tongue, I started growing. Yeah, but what's that for? So anyway, my name is Amanda. And I'm a new, uh, mess, and why is not a friend? I don't think I'm on our, my space page. But he said a message, you know what he said? What's that? Ah, that's what he said. Following a New York City recipe, Booker Return Officials are considering banning local areas from using Trans-Bad, which is written with at last a bit we've played that you like so much. Well, at least you did yesterday, but you're a trickle to my change. No, it's very good. 989 votes on a poll, 11 mole, baby, 11 mole will have a thousand. And then I can do another room and go back to bed. And then I can go back to Booker to fight the cost of food to restaurants from Taco joins to the top of the line. Either we see how that fits right in from Taco joins. I like Taco Bell. I don't care what anybody says. Just I mean, don't either anytime, too. They've got this PR guy on there. Haven't you seen the spots? Which I'm told is perfectly safe now. And it's okay. The green light you can come in and, you know, whatever. He's on there. But it would, you know, I'm trying to assure everybody that the lettuce isn't spruled and the green onions aren't, uh, whatever. So what else are they going to say? Coated with mung. Well, of course, that's what they're going to say because they got to do business man. I like Taco Bell a lot. Me too. One of the largest cities in the US is taking a very aggressive position in the healthcare of its citizens councilman Peter Buronel said the health of Booker, uh, residence is just as important he said. And when you know that all those Jews in Booker want to be just like the Jews in the York. And what's wrong with that? Wait, man. I thought the Jews in Booker were the Jews from New York. That's what I'm saying. Okay. That was the connection. It was slow now. I know it would be a said, huh, like that. He asked any manager, leaf NL last week to review the city's transfer options ranging from outright band of call for a voluntary program. See, one thing I want to find out today, and I'm never going to find out. Maybe people send me some messages on the, uh, my space. Those are the my space people obviously. They got the experience because KJ's wife sent me a message last night. And she said she's mentioned real creepy people on there and people awarded all what they pretended to be. And it's a, it's like, try to walk your way through a landmine. I won't go ahead and send a message yesterday and said that my space is the crack cocaine of the internet. I think, again, excellent point. I'm agreed. Yeah. It's the crack cocaine. Watch a, you might have a crack. Crack don't rob them like, oh, for a big, fat crack problem. Booker, as a number of governments addressing restaurant foods, critics see it as an intrusion on personal. I thought so what I started to say was, how do you know who it is on the other end? How do you really find out? You know? How can you be sure? I mean, wouldn't it be something if you were like, forget about what they'll I went through the last couple of weeks with the somebody at least I had an idea of who he was, you know, at least in a body. Yeah. But here, you can be talking anybody. You can be talking like the beast for all, you know, and then with some phony picture on there. Am I right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Critics see it as an intrusion on personal decision, while there's welcome it as an effort to improve public health. What no one question is that using oils without trans fact costs more, which could need to arrest wrong profits or increase food prices. Well, you know, pay a little bit extra in the state of life. When you think, I think most people would pay a little bit extra. That would be good. Yeah. That a better chance to stay in the hell alive. It's unfair with a vocal with its 2011 sit down restaurants and 50 takeout joints has the ability to regulate trans fact. But Verranoff said that even for city ass restaurants to voluntarily stop using trans fat products and helps educate diners, we might have helped he said. Now, what else is this guy's name? Verranoff. What is his first name again? Peter. He's a Larry Verranoff. Larry Verranoff is the sales manager at the WGNL when I worked in 1975 West Pump. Another exciting news, Larry Verranoff. Look at that. A little guy. Yeah. Hey, listen, people like the inside crap baby. There's a little inside crap for you right in the middle of the holidays. Larry Verranoff. Oh, he's a little guy. He kind of funny. So he's kind of a magic. Not a short as Maddie Beldo. Well, I bet you they're not talking to you at power 96 anymore. They probably see you in the hallway. Like that. Actually, I'm happy to say I haven't seen him since. Good. What do you mean you're happy to say that? Because I still need to mean not from me, but there's a little there. Next time you see Maddie or Greg in a hallway, just give him kind of a sideways looking going. Huh? Like that. Adding hydrogen to vegetable oil, a process called hydrogenation creates trans fat, which increases shelf life and maintains flavor and food that's found in cooking worlds, vegetable shortnings. Some large-range crackers, cookies, snack foods, other foods fried in partially hydrogenated oils. Trans fat like saturated fat raises LDL cholesterol, but it lowers the desirable HDL cholesterol and that contributes to coronary heart disease. So Dr. Greg week colon and expert cholesterol disorders at Volker Community Hospital. A heart healthy, done includes less saturated and trans fats and that's whether you have a cholesterol problem or not, he'd be saying. As you know, the New York City health voted board to help December 5 to phase out trans fats in restaurants by July 1st to 2008 in South Florida in October, Tamarack. Astral restaurants, to volunteer eliminate trans fats from the main user in Tamarack. On Beach County cities with clusters of restaurants such as Velray Beach, West Palm and Palm Beach, haven't broke to topic. New York health officials said they've heard that places like Chicago, Washington DC, Louisville, the Jersey and Canada. Wow, man. Why shouldn't Louisville the Jersey and Canada, we go from like cities and states to a whole country, are considering similar laws. Good. You go, you go boys, good job me. And Tuesday, Boston South Health officials had trans fats in the main band in that city as earliest February. Not why so close the draft house on West Camino Real and other online power line road west of the city didn't wait for government instructions. Twists will always switch to Canola oil, which has no trans fat. Just like at the Amol Coast, they used that the cholesterol freaking oil, which we mentioned all the spots in between your sin. See you. Yeah. He went from paying 15 bucks for a 3 gallon tub of vegetable to $32 for the same amount of Canola oil on ticket and gambling, he said. Oh, maybe you can find a good machine if he takes a good gamble, I'll take it to wood by it. Uh-oh. I'm gonna ask her what. I don't think this is a test and not a real one. Have your attention please, will that be something if this is a real one? Sure, it's a test. No, they, they, they, they, they, they, they run a lot of tests over at your best. You do. Oh, they do. Okay. Let me shut the door. I don't want to have to go through all this. Okay. Stop with it. Oh man. Now for the noise. She's, they do that like what every two weeks every, every month. Every month. And then every now and then we have like a, a false real alarm, you know. You're walked down 80's in flights of stairs, you go out the door on your outside and it's freezing cold and like a, and it's always a false alarm. You know, somebody's potsking around and they are parking garage or something or whatever. But it's a create a little excitement for you, didn't it? It's better than going, huh? Like that. A thousand eight votes. I mean, see if they sneaked in the thousand plus while I wasn't even looking at it. Wow. This has been a banner week. I gotta tell you that no matter what happens between now and the end of the show tomorrow, this has been a banner week in all of our lives. Josh got himself a great name. Josh got himself a great new gig over there at Joe Bell's house. And Chris got himself Josh's job even though of course it isn't official yet. But if he just plays it down the rest of the night next two days. Huh? Right. Yeah, just play dumb. Keep going. Like that. Take it down more. If they don't set that beeping out there, I'm going to go out and pull that damn thing out of the ceiling. You know, you got to pull the battery out. A thousand thirty and votes on the pool. Not too bad. Let's take a puket. It okay. And see what else going on. How stressed out are you? I'm so embarrassed. I did this. This was just I just stole that pull from yesterday's son's son. I figured if it's good enough for them. Hey, no holidays. The holiday's man. Just, you know. Okay. No, which is real action. We're saying no pressure. Well, pressure control. Because that's stress again. Stress is bad. Stress kills. That's right. How stressed out are you with this time of year not much. 199. Well, good. Congratulations. Somewhat. One ninety five. What me worry one sixty eight. A lot. One sixty nine of all. One fifty five. See these are all like they're all the same basically. Big time, not so 131 people are just nuts. So they're running around or slipping or shopping or having a fit. And I hate this pull. Look at that only about 30 man. Two point eight percent. See, here's a pull that they ought to hate. The good pulls we did last couple of days. A whole bunch of people like him on two days ago, which I don't know what he was. It was an am good pull they hated it. Remember that? Mm-hmm. Even you liked it. I like them all. 140 votes on our pull. 567. Just like the calls you like them all too. 567.0.560. Did we have a real call so far is it tonight just hyperventilately? Uh, not really. I don't sure. Yeah. Yeah. The one guys tell us. And thanks by the way for the guy to straighten clearance out. No big blame for the Panther Ranger game is in sunrise at the Mcerwin tonight. Oh, or Jack has said, I should know that, but who the hell really cares. Okay. I wonder if to make the leaves are playing again tonight. Wouldn't surprise me. I'm a little bit out of touch. I give up hockey after the game the other night. I'll only dump it off. They high end of that. Leaks. Looking for it. They're still looking for it. Anyway, nobody cares about that crap. No. WQAM. Hello. Oh, right. You know, he's the deep breath. You know, it's always a didn't give away. Like that. That was Eddie again, man. He's been crazy since yesterday. I just played this not that long ago. Be anything. Although, you know, it's one of those deals you can't play too much. So this old preview of it, maybe we'll play it near the top of the hour or not. It's not, you know, all depending on the list and another one. Or maybe he will play you. Or maybe we'll just play it. That's how to to a clock. By the way, if you want to cent costig messages on my space. That's just fine to, I mean, I do do lead to immediately because somebody taught me Delete. Delete delete like that. Just like that. All these people, hyperventilating and hallucinating. It's amazing. Nothing new because I've had this for years and years. There are a month or so we were on a station doing down there on a second floor and that one goofy guy calls in and hearing about my trip to Amsterdam Oh, yeah, I can just imagine a great time you have with that hotk-sex I told him some of it was kind of like lukewarm you know not all that hot, but he just and that of course He called back later on when I was making fun of that and he's probably still out there right now hotk-sex He's not to be confused with hot not so V-sex or whatever or kind of like lukewarm or maybe medium warm or Or war or boil over, but at any rate all these people were so concerned about my Hanky spanky and who I'm doing and what they think I'm doing and all this other and you know what they're really trying to say everyone of them They're saying the same thing. I have no line. That is correct Because when you show me somebody that's worried about other people's what they're doing in a sack It tells me but that's the problem and they're not doing anybody in the sack maybe not even themselves WKOM hello 2 am Dude I love the show Yeah, I Notice Chris cuts these basses off like an half a second He's on top of him. He is really he's really putting his best foot forward here because he wants that job He wants to get him. I write you want to get yes, or well, he must be paying you very very little to want that job But I'm sure John's contributed that I'm not gonna be paying you like about three cent an hour something like that and plus I'm issuing it's a free food I'm sure you don't get that when you're working on a sport show. I don't have the afternoon shows I get scraper that me that's why creepers always in the morning. They get free stuff No comment don't give me started out about our creepers nowadays. I'll try to be Gentile and Gentile. WQAM hello Oh A lot of shirt calls man we can probably get 40,000 these babies in between now and two happy holidays from all your crazy friends of QAM wow The Yeah, huh Israel WQAM hello Okay, sir I had a wife and accurate and a sex yeah, yeah, I can't find the cops might have been the monster The fire one the three are the five was that card be sure Did you like it? It was okay. Yeah, was no profit. Yeah, okay. All right Chris Good I have had pal. You don't be a set one for second best. Okay. Go out and get a vet and quit Touchking around In fact, that would be also probably in that thing with the will who gets to Neil's Corvette. They're gonna be long gone by then because their leases and the leases coming up soon I'm gonna turn my back in my good buddy Greg Nelson there. I look back wrote 548 votes on the pool week. There's no telling how many we can do today I bet you we can do 1500 if we do 1500 today I'm gonna go and mark this down right on my patio off. I'm gonna go on a patio I'm not gonna jump though where I'm gonna market down is one of the banner days in my live-in boys getting so hot and here cuz I got that door close Oh God Think they crank the heat up two with it or maybe the places on fire that could be a Hey listen you never know and like I said it and walking down there in my underwear is not a good idea Walking down all those places here's the opening of the door lining up outside because it's a little sunshine and beautiful looking day from inside You know how it is up north when it's in the winter time although we don't have any winter yet. It's a 40 not too bad 40 you walk out there in your underwear and just see the one thing about people live up north and if live there all their life And the first 30 years of my life. I live the north but that if it's like like this like it is today They walk around like in their shirts leaves. A lot of people don't have any jacket on maybe not even a sweater in your well I went to man. I didn't enjoy it Well, what does that mean? It's it's cold. I mean not a franny if it's windy if you know there's like a windshield I'd say what 40 degrees during the day. I'm good in t-shirt Yeah, all right. I'm serious. Okay, whatever you say Okay, WQAM hello Yeah, tiny's guy. A lot of doggy friends are my space. That's the tiny guy. I'll send you his asses for the holidays. Okay, I'll send you his asses WQAM hello Hey There haven't early lunch today. They're all eaten the phone. They're not talking into what they're just eaten it Yeah, like that. Which is really good Welcome to South Florida folks. If you're visiting South Florida you're wondering who are these people that are calling this radio show There are the people you want to stay away from there are the people I don't want any part of I don't want to be near I don't want to smell them. I don't want to know from like that WQAM hello I know what's the QAM four time We WQAM hello WQAM all I I'm always WQAM hello Oh Yes, sir No I got a good thing I got a little bit of a punner. I got a few stories not too many and I'll just play like I'm fat Taco Bell thing over and over and over and over and over 2016 one votes on the pool. I don't even want to this pool is so bad I'm embarrassed even we'd to resolve it. I'll read it a couple more times before to a clock But I'm just like to take a look at that schedule folks. We got Curtis for the mad dog at two see the mad dog He only works about 60 days a year and this is sure not one of them meant tomorrow Can be danger guess who's on tomorrow from two to four all my god at who doesn't pemberg pines no less Wow My good close personal squeaky voice friend and if I Curtis it to the power hour with Hank at the BAC they back at Laddick Center Oh don't tell me the heater plane to that early I don't know Now wait a minute. I'm confusing. What what is the which one is which? The sunrise the a path of building is that the bank of Ladder Center now or what yes? Oh, I like I said the American Airlines are in it. Oh skew is made. That's right. It's the stupid the Mickey are winning day. Telly of my name Something the Mickey So Hank is gonna be and I'm sure of course. He's gonna be very hot. He intensive not a top-not Who are the uh dolphin plan this weekend? The jet oh JETS jet oh the jet's gonna pick them to pieces. That's gonna be bad. Oh Chris Well, that'd be disgusting and a Patriots are playing what girls team. I mean what team would they play this week? I believe jacks in bill. Oh that could be a tough game man We want to cleanse that division cleanse that playoff spot. That could be really tough And of course if the jet's do be to dolphins that means that Patriots really should win that game. They better not not take a chance on it very last week Anyway the a Panther previous at seven Panthers and arranges at the bank at Laddick Center She haven't called it the yeth of center for so long and a rent of center that I already built with all of the name of it It's only changed about 85 times anyway, right? Yeah, every year this host arrangers tonight that could be really interesting game Then Eddie K follows the hockey game on a second line shows around 2m and like I said We wish Eddie all luck in the world he'll have come down on his feet To wind up standing Whatever it all that means you know some people always say that or he'll line up on his feet Any will he'll be saying like that like what hit him? But it's a cost cutting move the two way and because we're cheapest all hell We got a penny all those big bucks and he also about to sign a lifetime contract He's gonna work until he croaks until he's no longer capable of coming in and going pop up by and do it all this And I think the last three years I'm just gonna be playing Like that and probably you know and probably you wouldn't even notice It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQAM happy holidays to you from all your good the atheist friends here at QAM all your good pizzer I'll do with a just phonetic friends all the far bison all the get fees all the time and don't forget on your kids out there There's no Santa Claus. I just mentioned that in passing okay 5.670 560 pound 560. I'll see if we had one honest to God we'll call so far in at first hour. Can you name me one no Really Anything even close I think the closest we had a couple people call up and no you're doing a great job Deal, you know like they look not a real call. That's just asking I'm not big on those calls. It's boring That's that is some an exit inducing Column inducing But that's because they got no materials and even at this time of the year and of course my question about my space and right away Well, we know you're trolling for people know the interesting part of it is I don't look at anybody else's stuff You know what I mean? In other words people have a protest on our my space. I look at that and sometimes I go Huh like that. Holy cow. He liked that But nevertheless you assume whatever you want to assume and of course that's that would say that's the primary idea with my spaces people trolling for action I mean, is there any doubt about that? Okay, we'll trolling I mean, you know who knows get out in here come on Scott the crap Just because you don't want to get in deep garbage again with your Russian girlfriend there don't be giving me that polony That's what the primary function is most of the people on there. They're trolling for action I mean, which isn't the same that there aren't find upstanding people who wanted to communicate with other, you know friends I'm your friend like that right right? It's a trolling place Kind of like huh like that So just be careful. That's what I'm suggesting in and also want to make sure we're not putting any miners on there Well the exception of one huh who's just almost legal Because I think the girl had said to seven of beginning you told us we were gonna put it because there you have like 14 year old kids and 16 year old kids Son on us they're profile want to be eye No, we're not gonna put that on there because we know we got a lot of really dangerous people out there in this audience And we don't want to get into a jackpot because of it, right? We don't want to see our friends our listeners on date line I'll look might be kind of fun with it kind of double your QA I'm gonna tell you yesterday's a day he is really with after the holidays baby. He is emoting Wow How do you show me? I love it Yeah And and where is it? Where's the material he's wearing it? WQA and hello WQA and hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. You can mark this down just for us putting along the way for you. Okay, great. Yeah, mark this Wow wow wow 2018 votes in the pool. I think we start that all comedy, but routine about noon, don't we? Yeah, I got a couple of good comments here. I might the oh yeah, drug report misdred speaking of you fair You're that plays up AP photo of bushwood devil horns. This is a server-y Ridiculous, you know, there's the presidential seal behind the putting where he was speaking Bush devil horns pick its wires blurred the headline at the right wing bridge report the site suggests that an associated Pres photo of President Bush credited Lawrence Jackson had intentionally been taken in an angle or otherwise changed her crap by the news organization the portray the president in the evil light bloggers were quick to put their own spin in on the charge by the fudge report Which follow several recent press photos that had come under fire for various forms of alteration A commenter at hot air had this to save the horns shot It's not the photographer Lawrence Jackson is a good photographer We would know his previous type of thing, but the cropping is obvious Why would you crap a photo almost to his chin and then so high above his head unless you were purposely attempting to frame in the horns And it's the wings the wings of the eagle or whatever the hell out of his on the president I don't know what those things are It's unknown if the president time with the AP is using a public comment about and if anything What they're gonna say about the picture the president. Oh my god Wow, it is so sad Well, again, no other material. I don't tell school and I mean he wants to send a whole bunch more kids over to Iraq to die So what am I gonna tell you? Let's kill a lot more before we done make it look like we at least give it a good effort We're gonna have 1100 votes on that pole within two shakes of a lamb's tail Not bad, huh? Not bad at all. Here's the Josh court is lying Q AM hello. It's not the he's WDQ AM hello Yeah, you think the taking call is such a good idea for all or hey, that's what you people want man That's what the audience wants So let me ask you you know really sounds like you guys have a morning show now that I've been listening to some of that What would you mean by that? It seems like it's Not all sports anymore Oh, you mean our morning show you time yeah We're talking about our show. I didn't fall. Yeah I'm not a morning the morning show is you vomit and doing good the ratings came out yesterday They kicked us again for the second month in a row. They're doing just fine. Thank the Lord Yeah, and you're on your on board for a long time. You're not going anywhere. I'm not going nowhere as man Keep up the good work. I know the boring call. Okay. Thanks pal. Like you know there are okay. Okay. Thank you He said well there's a real call where although he was kissing kissing there at the end But he actually said you know complimented the morning show the Canadian bull morning show 7-10 every morning here on Q AM right after the big oh is rock solid all-an I compliment them too. I was listening to them this morning probably about 20 minutes Yeah, they're starting to have a community in the end by going to be at the improv So I was in front of his long sports segments and that pond resoul the dolphins Listen, I mean who wants to talk about the dolphins anyway for Christ's sakes? Well, they she's that every night all mighty Jesus of Joseph and Solomon and Jacob and Abraham and And Moishi all of them 1993 votes on a poll. I thought he was talking about us like we're doing a morning show I didn't understand what he was talking about but then again he was he was okay and maybe that's why it's true Me off because he actually had some of the same See when you take 600 in the row and finally somebody says something's like what what was that like like that? Are you want me to get carried away with that thing do you that dropping? It's a button now what's a button now and I can put it like I'm in the same level like that, but that would be embarrassing even for me. Although I don't think so so far I'm not feeling any embarrassment WQA in hello Morning, Neil good morning sir. Listen I'm glad to see you back on your feet I'm standing up on I'm still standing Listen, I want to know people that I can't stand to watch the news is for the pressing But I found this cool web. I called naked news have you heard about it? No If you go it's naked news.com And what it is is the news reported that they come out the clothes as they're telling you real news Right It makes the news interesting makes it a little more spicy right Oh, yeah, yeah, so if you get a chance take a look at that. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pervo. See you I'm going right now But you are naked news.com. I'm gonna check that during the break. Not that I'm gonna go and leave those perverted websites Not an old queen like me. That's bad That is bad You don't know what he's gonna respond to that thing that I asked before you wanted to why because you don't know And they all know that too when you go on my space you have no idea who you're talking to Oh, this site's not for you, buddy What no, it's chicks. Yeah, it's all chicks with big booby. So what's wrong with that? I might be curious just it might be fun Now that was I don't want to see chicks with big boobs doing the news. I don't know. I'm obviously not gonna linger as long as you guys My but I might take a quick peek at it Then we old pervert that I am I on whatever This site's not for you. You Do fair that that's what you're only that 1099 again on a pool I don't know why I'm so impressed by the fact we keep coming up with those son numbers because every now and then you got to like pass by to get to what I 100 you got to get to 1099 first level of four now 1104 He likes that actually me you can go to that website if you want oh So we're gonna do the bus to get mail this a fact stuff like you are. Oh, yeah, that's right I just saw that what's that there is a naked news mail edition. Oh, there is that's right Well, I like you said during the break. I'll hop right on So to speak and of course it'll be so shocking. I'll probably go go Oh see my fingers look I was so excited Probably that's after 11 at five 60 WQ. I'm happy Thursday the 21st boy like I said I'll be so glad when these holidays are over with I'm not interested at least been any bit of not buying anybody no presence I'm not making up my will again. I'm at the I'm just trying to slide on through you know I'll say through the best I can and then once we get to the new year then look out Then we're gonna be really dangerous Whatever that means you think we're gonna be dangerous. Oh, yeah Based on those numbers yesterday, man. Looks like we already are dangerous We had already nice big up take up take up take out take out Solid I Just send me cash Weather Okay I gotta put, take it in some compliance Lettuce all my nose A null bound of old spines, or a dear iron hose. He wrote upon them, a return to Santa, a home-eaten's junk. But this is Christmas. A really stone, he wrote upon them, a return to Santa. Tell me to be rude. But this Christmas, I got switched. That's a loser. A return to Santa. A return. It's 11-18. I got this for a man. When you tell me there's something for me on aknakennews.com. That is the ugliest group of guys. Put more clothes on, that's what I would say. I couldn't tell you, but... I'm watching it. I don't want you to talk to me. I'll be willing to report right now. I'm watching two women give a report. Are you really? Well, there's some pretty interesting chickies on that. Are you watching a report? Yes, I am. And this is free video. You actually have to pay for this. This works out very pornographic. Do me anything we ought to be like. I had it all little kids out there watching boobies. He's got an A. No. As if. Is this pornographic news? Not yet. No, not yet. Well, let's just hope it doesn't get to be. Let's not be linking up to it or sticking up to it or anything like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Paul, you people out there walking on eggshells. You'll see there's going to be a lock-on on you, door all. Chair, remember you from NBC. You look awfully familiar. Right. WQAM, hello. Hi, I'm Koneo. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I just wanted to tell you that I'm at my boyfriend on my Facebook, I've been dating him for six months. And he's mostly novel. Un? Bealive of the loud. That's amazing. I just wanted to tell you that. I want to be on the great day. Let me ask you a question. Okay. But do the first real-my-space person we've had today because nobody wants to respond to what ask. How do you know who you're talking to when you're on my space unless you meet the person, you know, in the flight? Well, of course, I wanted to meet him very quickly. I'm not going to have a long relationship with him online. You live pretty close to me. So we met, you know, within five days. Right. That's the best thing you can do. You don't know who you're talking to, but I'm not going to sit around and just chat with him week after week after week. Yeah, and then find out that it was a monastic scolarch or somebody like that. That's fluid. Okay. Have a happy sweet day. Thank you, bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, the Verizon, see you at a wireless line. There's a normal call from a nice lady. See, and you're such a skeptic. Oh, you're not going to have anybody here. Why not? Why not? All right. One down. Huh? Huh? WQAM. Hello. Can't all be as good as last week, just because you were, you know, had the nerve to be in towel on vacation when the good stuff was coming in. WQAM, hello. What about the WQAM, hello? Neil, God, how are you sir? Yes, sir. Okay. The book reviews, Neil, I really missed that. You're eating anything. You're going to put anything up on your website. Look at you, sir. The book, you know, all the years back when you did pro and con and all the religious crap and, you know, all the good stuff, man. Is the intellectual content? What are you talking about, sir? What in God's name are you talking about? Neil, you used to recommend books to your audience. Books that you were reading that you found of it. Nobody reads any more, sir. Nobody reads. We have some folks up there on a website and I haven't changed it in a long time because nobody reads them. Nobody buys them and have a wonderful life. Okay. Yeah, let's talk about books. I'm not reading a book on here once in a while. And that would be good. You could start now and finish by next circus with the excellent. Oh, my God. And see you're knocking the other idiots. Now let me ask you, what's more entertaining? Somebody idiots are this guy. I said, somebody idiots, not all of them. But the sun. Where does guy? Definitely somebody idiots. Some of them, not of course, some of them need to be taken out and beaten to a bloody pulp. WM book on. So like I said, need to be taken out. Must be psychic powers again and beaten to a like the size of a Friday. WM, hello. You can do it. Hello, Neil. Yes. How are you, buddy? I wanted to call. I heard you talking this morning about computers and everything and I'm going to let you know that I took my computer. I ripped it out of the wall and I put it out by the street that was gone in five minutes and my life has gone so much better because I was wasting four hours a day reading stupid jokes and emailing and all the sun I realized I'm not socializing why I used to. Absolutely correct to it. That's what I've been saying. All this cyber life, this virtual life that all these punks have involved in today, it's substitute for like actual a real life and for like human interaction man. Right. I mean, you know what I did? I was I was doing you know, I'm on there with all the emails and the porn and all the garbage and all the time I looked over and I found myself in the mirror like hunched over, looking at the screen and I thought this is this. So I'm letting you know that you can return to what you have had before which was a social life a real life. A real life without all this. Everybody's lying. It's just a bunch of be-yes. Yeah. Probably. So all I'm saying is use it very cautiously. And not just like crazy. I think it's a lot of pain. They have a lot of pain. See there was a bit of advice for some of you people out there. Don't turn your life into sitting there staring in the, you know, get some real hands on. I need some action. Right. Maybe your Gilbert's behind some of those screens. Maybe it's Gilbert is behind that. All I sure is how hope not. Wow. Now let me create another scenario for you. Okay? Because you know, everybody knows that the grow testing that I was dragged through for a couple of weeks which turned out to be someone who's running and hiding. Maybe he's going to mind if selling insurance in Vegas one day. But nevertheless. And that was aggravating in the this important because it was somebody I knew. In other words, I knew it was like a real person at least somewhat real. Right. But, but suppose, you know, you communicate with somebody on there for a long time for like weeks or months or whatever for whatever reason. You mean that interested in like meeting them in person, you know, you're on the same like, ah, that. Well, what if after like six months in this person continues responding, it doesn't do like a disappearing routine, which I don't know, that could happen. Maybe not. And then at the end of all that time, you find out it's like not even close to who you thought it was. Well, what does that mean? I don't want to think the answer that is don't take it too seriously. That's the answer. Don't get over involved. Don't like this last guy said, don't make it your life. Okay. Have a real life. Not a virtual life. Have a real life. I have no line. I have some problem. That's why there's so many losers on the day and in the net. Lose. I mean, there's some nice people on there too, obviously. Couple. But there's some real losers on there. 567 do whatever you want. That's what I say. Do whatever you want. Do no harm. It's ever in so on. And just a good lucky and say out of jail. 670560, Pond 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line had several conversations on my buddy Harry from Detroit last night. Well, he sent me one message about the odds of this game at the casino and I sent back as it was in. I go to wood vine because it's fun. It's my recreation. I had enjoyed having a good time. I got lucky yesterday. One a couple of grand it was fun. I had a, you know, I was there for three, four hours. Not like I spent the whole day there. Not like I took all my lunch money for tomorrow. It was just some fun. Because I don't care what anybody says. Those of you who like did this professional gambling crap and people with and grow, I'm going to beat the odds and I'm going to do card counting. They're obviously have been a few people who have succeeded in doing that over the years. A few very few. But most people, if they gambled or guts out, they took it. They're winning over the long one. They are full of crap. Am I right? Even Josh, admittedly, lost 40 bucks in Tahoe in this lot. Machine and a wheel of fortune machine. Now, do you get at least a spinner to or what? Oh, sure. You know, I was winning like a credit here, five there. But the total $40 until it was done was a grand total. Probably about ten minutes tops. Yeah. So that's not too bad. Yeah. I'm going to play, now this was the dollar wheel of fortune. Right? Yeah. Now that was dollar. I think start with the quarters. It'd be good for you. Yeah. But like don't you, if you're going to win, you know, if you're, I'm looking at the jackpot state, you know, that those nickel ones and then the quarters and the big daddy money is $1000. What's that? Now, wheel of fortune. But they have, you know, slots. Oh, they got penny and they got two penny, man. I didn't see those. And then they're jammed up. Now, there's your old people. I mean, living in breeding, people aren't playing a penny and two penny slots. But I mean, there's where your old people are sitting. They bring a rollercoorders, you know, and that's their allotment for the day or for the week or whatever. And they sit there and they're, yeah, and they're having a good time. Hey, listen, if you make it to Andre and Tim, like most of those people, it would be a real lot of kick to have something to go on and do an Android a little bit. What else are you going to do? I'll be on my face, I guess. You're going to have a hot romp and a second. You're going to go on my face and start to hold on for hot numbers on my face. I'm just starting to, it's a real fly opener for me. I'll say that I'm just starting to get a, just a little bit of an idea of what's going on on that thing. Just a little, and what do I care? It's not about business. What do I care? What other people are doing? Like I said, be very cautious. That's just my suggestion. Be extra cautious. And don't be sent up any lunch and meetings and, you know, unless you want to meet Miss Kamala, they're going to wherever she's going. The biggest name, so best to help you. Hey, real, you're a real real. You're a real real. But I do believe that's a S. Absolutely. Buh. And, fack. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. You're a real real. We're going to whom We have to cross. We're going to cross. We're going to cross. We're going to cross. We're going to cross. Louise. Louise. Louise. Hey, Patrick. Where's spontaneous? Uncle. My sister. And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget We will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget All right And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget And we will never forget It will never ever forget And we will never forget And every No Tango Fortunero, Jeff Bush told Spanish language reporters in Miami when asked about any possible public land versions after he steps down no month. Next month, no Tango Fortunero, but a big benefit of it. The popular two-term governor has often been touted as a sanny politician with a good chance to follow in both his brother and father into the White House. But the unpopularity and dismal job of favoriting some of his brother may have scummeled any plans that the Jebster may have had for future impolent except for running one of America's most crucial swing states for the past eight years. He was swung in it and I think Catherine Harris was catching it. Bush didn't elaborate on his turf no future come and for the assembly of a senior senior that he would not run for president in 2008 and he would never seem comfortable with talk about Bush III or the Bush presidential dynasty. Jebler made an outstanding presidential candidate said fascist can't descend under Sam Brown back a total lunatic who joined Bush at lunch in the yesterday hosted by a Cuban-American political action committee. On the back of the republican law said exploratory committee three weeks ago consider his own bid for the presidency. And that he was a Jeb Bush type conservative right in a backhand and slapper president Bush Brown back said a where is it. Got a skip to the pace. Keep to Maloo. I inherited a problem. Whatever the man said chopped off right at that point. Good. I couldn't take any more of it. I need to clear the audience. I want to listen. I'm going to go get that book. That book of Brian just sent me. I've got a reason on the air. What was that guy talking about? Doing book reviews and going back to the good stuff. Is this guy an ambassador? What? Yeah. 15. Everybody's a program director. Maybe everybody's got their idea. This is what you want to do this. And how come I survived all these years? How come here it is almost 31 years later? And I'm still sitting here in my box to short. So I'm not going to want to listen to sunshine. I have an wonderful life and with my brains back on scrambled again. It's because you listen to the people. Or is that what it is? Yeah. It came to the pressure of the people. They wanted to cause back. I gave them the calls. You wanted the calls. I wouldn't wish these calls on a Torah. How do you like that? I wouldn't wish them on Jimmy Marone. But there you go. I wouldn't wish them on Miriam Tolin. How do you like that? I'm red Ross. Ficed. I'm race dying. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Hey, now on the gone. OK, sir. It's good to check out a acknowledgment from some of your browns thing. What a ringing endorsement. Maybe he deserves a hug. We're going to have a hug. Salute the Nazis assemble together. Yes. And I would like to remind you that the big change may be a witness in the living case. Yeah, I know. When you like to cross the Canada? Yeah. Oh, OK. Had a great day, pal. Thank you. Oh, my God. Scary. Scary. Really, scary now. Isn't it? Isn't this dark and a little bit scary? I think it's been scary. 886 friends on our MySpace page. I think we can make 900 by the end of the year. Now, when George is on next week, and I'm on vacation. And of course, we got to short-week and I got four days. You need to make him pump it. You know what I'm saying? Pouch it. Pouch it. I, of course, when he's on there, because he's that old young pot's mom. He'll be promoted his own MySpace page. We mean by that. He has his own. He said his own page profile. What if he had his profile, but on his own page? What are you talking about? Are you starting to stir up crap again now? See, this is the way they do it. So just before he's leaving the show, going over there would drill bell for the big bucks. Now, he's starting to stir up some crap between me and George. This, because he's figuring he can come back just like they got to call the other issue and take George's job for the really big bucks. He's designing his office right now. Wouldn't surprise me. WCWIM, hello. Why does he go to gambling or something? WCWIM, hello. You, God. WCWIM, hello. Yes, your show is very still old, retired, please. I'll get you a button down here. OK. WCWIM, hello. Yeah, yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Hey, question for you. I should go to the answer to this. Couple weeks ago, you had Ricky Tickey on your show. And I know you don't do a lot with, you don't have a lot of interviews and things. When did you last go? I keep saying, alright, I am not. I'm not saying that. You're going to. No, when is his last performer or when is he going to sign off? I mean, I get one of the, a couple of the news agencies who had him booze and it and stuff. And I'm kind of forced to listen to it in my office and I keep thinking that, you know, when is his last day or what? When did my day get him boohoo and it, what does that mean? Well, just he was on, I don't know. I guess I watched Channel 7 or Channel 10 and they were talking about, you know, what the positive thing he's done, you know, here in South Florida, which for sure he has. But yeah, I thought his last day and it was kind of with Cohen side when you interviewed him and that was a few weeks ago. What's it now? Robert F. E. Is last day. I don't know. I didn't, I didn't interview him. He called it on the show. We had a 10-foot film in it. I'm sorry. I caught, I caught 10 to the second half of it. You know, just maybe the tail end of your conversation with him. I just assumed that maybe, you know, because you guys were always kind of rivals and stuff. But, uh, what does that mean? We were always rivals. Well, I don't know. I mean, you know, a couple of radio guys going to head to head. Yeah, I mean, you spin in record and you're talking. I mean, yeah. Man, I think you've been spinning something. I think you're spinning a drill to a fast baby. Maybe you can do much, man, a share of it. You're a smoking David. Too much Howard David. Wow. How do you like that? I'd rather talk about the book reviews myself. Did that make any sense to you even a little bit about my good rival Ricky Tickie Shaw? Yeah, he's been in a record. And I'm sitting here talking crap for four hours of a day. We're really art travels. He's out in the early morning. I wasn't as good for a long, long time. I'm doing mid days, which I've been doing for about the last 700 years. And of course, when I interviewed him on to show this man, just desperate. You are desperate for it. Get out of that place. Get out of the South Florida now. Hop out of bus. Just take a little sack, a little lamp sack, and just hop out of bus and say, take me out of here anywhere. Please. The biggest name. So best talent to the business. I'm just a sports radio 560. You, A, L. This is more how to David it. I'm still not working anyway, but if it's all the same to you, I'd like to make my contribution to the war on Christmas by saying giga-gay. Happy? Ah, I'm a kitticketer. That's... That's a kitticketer. Oh, it's you. Let's say it together, shall we? Oh. Oh. Oh. Kitticketer. Yeah. I, yeah. I cooked a trouble. Get me a something over here, Galdian. Hey. I had no business. Oh boy. How about that? Why does I not know underappointing? Oh, that's new will. Oh, yeah, that's the reason thing. Click and help me face. Ooh, the things I get to real you. What? Let me see this. And they really have more dogs. How about that? Okay. See, then, come on. You're like a, huh? Yeah. But just one question. Yeah. Put on the. They're pretty cool. Why sure. Now you can keep your poop fresh. I always thought that's what you needed. How, uh, would you get me? Yeah. Here. Use your. Yeah, it's right. You will look at I see. I know. I even found a copy of my windshield rifle and probably. I had my petrol wallpaper with this stuff. I'm a need that I hope. Use bladder. What is this? I'll have a pipe. And what exactly am I supposed to do with this? Why? If the ref Lee tot us bon ha, right? Hit? Hit! Hit! Hit! Hit! Hit! Hit! Hit! Hit! Come on! Hit! Hit! Hey, Galdie, really whipped up this morning at the Canadian Vosho, man. He had his chance to release slice ball at hand. Well, you're talking to me about that. Why didn't you bring it in to me? Because you were, of course, that's why. Cause you won't tell it on the air like he did off the air. That's the thing I can't stand. People are winding and screaming and a howling in the whole ways you know every time you see Oh, I don't think I've taken another game with that moh I like a maniac And then oh, yeah, as soon as he goes on here, it's like a clams up 119 votes on the pool will have 1200 by noon Now, what does that say to you? What what's that number 14 today you think? Yeah, that sounds about right? 14 on the December 21st That would be quite a accomplishment. What does surprise me if they should I was sometimes Plast is the front headline with that Florida talk Coast gets 14 ever horse on his pool during the show in a horseball place like South Florida And if you don't believe it's a horseball place, let's do these calls Listen to these calls See I was the one who decided that I wanted to give the calls a rest for a while because they were getting so bad They were absolutely uh, but The audience we took a vote on it was overwhelming. They want the calls. They'd like it Am I right? Yeah, we did the Democratic way. I didn't cave in anything We did the Democratic way. That's what the overwhelming majority of the audience wants They don't want to sit at a sit here on under ass with some old turd sitting under radio A reading a bunch of a boring crap at least to them. It's boring. I think it's simple-ading and George thinks so too many any work in this way WDQAM hello Hi, is this Roger? Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay? I just wanted to Say that you know, sometimes you talk about those people who are religious freaks and they think the earth and the universe are 10,000 years old 5000 6000 Yeah, I think it works. Well, I can prove to him right now that they're totally wrong without any men devices or anything Yeah, well the leaders story I think is opposite surely which is like not on a 1.2 million right years away So it took that long for the like to get here. Hey, don't start with that coming pinkal science man But I just want to let him know. You're probably one of those evil secular humanistic and spell on a mile away No, I'm not even talking about the billions of like years the galaxy They're away. How does correct? They don't confuse these people with a fax man They can't handle it. They're brainwashed lemons and I'll pray for you Okay, thanks, pal. I'll say a brocho for him. I really thought I'd annoy yaddi yaddi yaddi It's said it was so on who put the oil and I don't know it. That's what I like to know Remember who put the bump in a bump bump by very man. No, you don't because it's long before you were born horrible record Very man, can he sing? He built it out nothing stupid record Who put the bump in a bump to bump on a road brother who put the oil in? I don't know a huh? Who put the oil? WQAM hello Now see there's not a bad one right there Where that lady calling and we had the Ricky Tiki Shagai and that was obviously a business You know somebody in the business can you tell by the voice? Well, you know you a Rick had that Gravocerele relationship you are arch rival. Yeah, what's somebody in the business? So there's a good lesson for both you guys. That's what this business will do to you Over a period of time especially there where you are Especially right there WQAM hello Yes, sir Let me let me just tell you about it. It's really thick of under the public company. Oh my god. Where do you been? All right, we'll talk into the Campbell soup canter what? When you're talking into He's sounds like you're talking through a roll of toilet paper. What's how do you talk it into? In a really cheap telephone. Oh my god. Come on a big spender like you you can afford a couple of bucks Sounds like you got a box of crafter jacks. Okay, I was the cameo of eat this man get a new phone Well, I got used to be a good guy used to like talk on a real phone and now things are so tight He probably had to like to go on and sell his guayabera Wow, that's bad. I'll read the poll. I really don't like to because it's a bad poll. I'm embarrassed by it I'll over get a lot of votes See, I think that no matter what the poll question is Just still gonna vote. You know what I'm saying? Of course even if it's I hate this poll. You've been to yeah, like a crappy poll Like this one how stressed are you with this time of the year? I mean that that is it's like paper or plastic You know soap or body wash are you really spastic Constressed you not much 234 somewhat 231 what me worry 183. So now what's what does that mean nothing so far a lot 175 not at all 174 big time not so 144 Like not so and I hate this poll only 43 3.8% it's a horrible poll I'm embarrassed and he deleted and degraded but and still And we got a little 185 votes and like I said by no will be right at 1,200 there are boots. It will have 1200 Don't forget the pathers and the Rangers at the Yentis Center night at the 75 free game and we got the game at 730 with guilty That's silly as read their Randy Mower I'm assuming he's still on the games. I don't know. I don't hear him that I don't come in here and listen to game tonight But I don't think I'm gonna be doing that. I think probably to make believes are playing the night I've no idea who they're playing that it just hope it's not another one of those blowouts. Oh my god That would be embarrassing another one of those. I just feel a soon coming on again W2QA and hockey center W2QA and hello Yes, sir. Are you doing good morning, Husses brothers? Hey Vegas Vegas. I'll ride You don't sell real estate after buying 10 to you rest well right now. I'm just trying to get better all of That's the one I was all day is chill me out here. All right, orange insurance. Maybe you guys sells insurance in Vegas go ahead Anyway, I try to find out after at the wood vine do they have those big giant new wheel of fortune machines What do you mean the big giant one for does that mean? Well, it's there's about About nine benches around it's in a circle with your dissonance each each other on a big giant dial in the middle They're all pinning and nickel slots, but you bet about three to five bucks to hand right and now we will have those yet And they got the jack jack cross for answering you from about a million to seven million all right That's what I'm talking about well be right out Okay, I'll be I'll be waiting at the air force. I'll see the MGM grand Russ. I'll be waiting there I'll see you bye friends. Okay, bye for now. Wow. I'm not going to Vegas anytime soon All I think maybe in the early and the year maybe going there. Yeah, you said you were going out there. Yeah, February And you know who's birthday. It is the last day for boy, huh? Oh, man, you know something see because I'm getting to be real safe as the night old age I take such great delight in knowing that there are people out there who are so obsessed with worrying about Oh, it's hate trolling on the internet for our gay sex as you ride right I'm a crazy person right It's just it's just it's I don't know whether it's sad or it's funny But I guess a combination about it's pathetic is what it is. I have no life pathetic But anyway And actually I had a good time a conversing with my good friend. I know we you know assuming he's for real and maybe he's not I don't know and maybe I'll never know I'd say one thing whoever picked out that picture sure picked a good picture that I will say that How stressed out are you with this time of the week 119 two votes? I'm sure not gonna read that We saw the game, but I'm just pointing out we're almost to that 1200 mark and that would put a real feather in Chris's calf is he trying desperately to a grab Josh's job is just on a way out Josh is on the way out. He did a good job for a couple of years, but we had a meeting we decided well, you know enough is enough Is not how it went down just like that. Yeah, you know, Maddie Bell was in the meeting Maddie Bell for those who know George who ever met George or seen him Maddie Bell comes up to George's kneecap He's like a little munchkin WQAM hello What about the pump and our Honda WQAM hello QAM hello The vascular has closed you in a few months There's a good call Woo See I told you it was why Mike with a bulletin about the vascular house is a my jay causing it well Well, well, well, if there's a rascal, he ought to be the expert on it Man, oh man almost 31 years later, and that voice still haunting me still enough to just tear your kishki's out 1156 a QAM The biggest name so best talent to the business be your Rogers For Shwitio Fight And No question about it. That's one of the real serious problems in the world of day too many Go 12 out to it five 60 WQAM we got 1199 and it pulled what a good good that 12,000 12 billions vote I'm excited if I refresh that baby right now. It's gonna be still 1199 how come this always happens to me Rule them along or coming in in big chunks and a full and we get to a like I had something with a 99 and then when you want it Click over the next uh, you know, there it is 1200 Wow, right battle real battle course like yesterday, you know, once we get to this time of the day Anybody will they my a my new life there they're out in the boat am I right? Yeah, so if you thought the calls were stellar during the first two hours wait till you find out that I'm not taking you these lines two hours Oh look at 12 where the where those bits They're coming So is next the Shivou is and so are those there's a comedy bits today and I'm probably most of the day tomorrow Although and that and actually well, you know, I'm probably get some suggestions for needles will I love that bitch. He says I found one under my windshield wife from my card public's beautiful I go on chicken egg Maybe I'll read that book that time heartman wrote that chicken eggs just to me about the evisceration of the middle class in America boy Get about a one share with that a minus numbers came out yesterday in case you were out shopping and running around and we just kicked That's under station Kenny and Bow in a morning show are doing a fine job They're rebuilding a number in there. It's a fight of Greg we break in that shoulder pieces and now that man dog and the hump are Back where they belong in the original spot which never should have been moved out of the in the first place and now we're gonna start to do numbers all Every day part went up And we kicked big fat Asked the S if you asked me because if we did a 5.5 10 to three, I mean we did a 6 something 10 to two and many 18 plus which means we could do like an eight or even a Yeah, I'm getting out to mystic even a yeah 25 54 men because all that crap of the odd audio mom being all that that does all day all That's like 95 plus and death plus 10 Michael Butler This is on the smirking shift says it's time for a national spotlight on the media. This is really good article I'm gonna try and do it justice. Okay, you're on Sam go try Hey, listen, I got some stuff here. I'm gonna do some book reviews. You'll see we're saving a really good stuff to the one and two hour. Okay, sweet Michael Butler says it's time for a national spotlight on the media I don't mean a candlelight vigil. This isn't about morning not about keeping a hope alive Not about lifting a lone flame not even in careful numbers against the oppressive wall of darkness This is about turning on floodlights trying a beam of insistent knowledge casting a wave of illumination at the heart of the Stetis and then called money motives to tell local editors and reporters we see you I would stand in front of the studios now. This is a Fox news CNN the New York Times The Chicago Tribune and aim a simple flashlight at their door Forget the White House to capital and the local federal courthouse They don't control a narrative. They don't frame the questions and at the end of the day when the evening news comes on It's not the president of the report for the cheap pull-a-swe give it their donations say the MSNBC CBS and Washington Post we know what you're doing If our collective will are strong enough if our purposes true enough if we move in the rights for will it listen to a beam of life Then when they come to ask or if anyone wants to know why are you standing here? Will we frame the questions will we give the explanations? We will ask for what noble cosarmor consortias dying in Iraq After all you are the media you are the news you're not just a mirror of America like some kind of empty blind slate Then fills up with random notes. It's your job to make sense of the world to tell us what's really going on Why aren't you performing your job And what should we call our free press that only presents part of the picture just the meaning of the picture and tells us outright lies How is it that a majority of Americans sell them or every her their own views echoed an amplified in the mainstream media But are told what to think and what to think about by an alien voice that makes them feel isolated in their opinions How is it that the majority of Americans understand perfectly well the most fundamental truth about American politics in the matter era? In fact, that's virtually never heard or mentioned to reinvestigated that regardless of which party related controls the White House of the Congress the same owners are calling the shots Too often too much the insurance companies right their own regulations the HMOs make the rules they abide by the energy companies The timber companies the mining companies the pharmaceutical industry the automakers the defense contractors the banking sector defines legislation They're liking them privilege and on and on the profit of monetary Momentary advantage takes press in so that a long-term interest of local community values sustainable development even life and health and safety of the common peoples And who made the choice to leave off the facts to make believe pink is purple and fill the screen with titillating distractions We see you hiding there pretending you're not the instrument of change pretending you're not to wall itself that keeps us prisoner of your will How is it that important committees and Congress can be confronted by evidence that demands impeachment of the president of the USA Can face wrenching battles of conscience and political will that decide the fate of an issue by a single voter to and be a story that writes that I mentioned I'll repair without a phrase in any of the major newspapers news outlets of this country How is it that hundreds of thousands of people can fill the streets and protest against works of the evil done by government in their name While the message of a few hundred people holding your counter demonstration on the fringe is given equal weight an equal or greater time How is it that massive numbers of people can turn this spotlight traditions of grave national concern Putting hands and hearts and feet to a path that one news directed deems not newsworthy while one influential Puppet marginalizes and dismisses the reference with prominent well reported spite How is it that poll actor pool not once but numerous times repeated over the course of more than a year shows a majority of Americans Favorite do consideration evidence by the August body of our national legislature and impeachment Apprescent George W. Bush of the facts will indicate in Harvey economist will touch the story No network tracks to develop in a nearer commentator salute the national will We see you pretending you're the voice of the people pretending you serve our interests How many times must a white-tove sale before this is our land? It's time for a national spotlight on the media. I'll decide. I was gonna break out and song there How many times? Yeah the answer's blowing in the wind I think that's what he's trying to say is that the media blows and I think he's absolutely correct Maybe what he's trying to say is the media is sick and you talk badly we need help badly Because they're a bunch all the key sober man. There's a guy that says he's a truth There's a guy with a big huge pair And that's why he's got that big deep voice Keith overman on MSNBC ever watched him no no Chris Moistur See me the one he's got we know a sports center. I'm exactly Shmucks 1244 on the pool and I'm not gonna read the I just we got a virtual world. I'm not gonna read it because it's bad It's embarrassing Now is embarrassing these calls in fact. I just reached sober for the first time and what about three weeks down shut off that monitor? Did Well, because otherwise I might be tempted to take more calls between now and two o'clock because and it's not for a lack of a numbers Yesterday was a lack of numbers up. Oh, they were starting to get good though Oh, man Wow, George must have left you a big fat one rolled up there in that cabinet You must be hallucinating. They must be doing magic mushrooms. They were starting to get good What century was that that was a joke? Oh? We didn't have that one good call The lady yes she was good and then we had the Ricky Tiki guy in on my adversary Rick Shaw on how come he did reach out the new interview I'm not the radio. Yeah, I don't know like that. I got the puke her man the radio puke her And if I was there I'd be puped into a believer with her without those cruise ships and Good on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God No, he call out the majority of victims ate it Taco Bell to nucleicur With a My My I've brought you to my place. Careful. I wasn't in plain sight. My toy was up and my toy was up. But it wasn't over yet. So sick, you're not as sick as I am. My sicker than you. And why's the boy giving me waving down? Or look at me. You get cheesed off. I was 12 pounds in three hours. Oh, that's bad. I do. Yeah, no waste to make. You can see my spoon. Oh, and your bottle is straight. Oh, God. Don't walk around. Get the bathroom. No, don't make me get out of the way. I'm still alive. You can make it easy for you to show. I saw a fool. Three more times. The crowds were all the way. But I knew I was so afraid. I was weak. With case of the appearer. And on my tongue, I started growing through. Oh, right. Down through the good point that we know. You can die there when they got her on the tap from the boat. And stay on the platform. And go. Go away. Get me back. Get the driver. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's bad. Hey, go. I'm going to hold it down. And I can chew the things. Take it up a big road of this path. You don't need to stop the snail. If you tail where it's at. Hey. No. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh, that's so good. You can't stand the limb big back guys. She know how to leave the ball that fly. That's the big food to shout it out. Who would need to stay for no good power? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well, probably 10 at 5. 60. We have 12 or 18 votes. I could do that again in a zillion years. Good way. 1218 votes at 1218. Are you impressed? Probably. Thought I was going to be playing a whole bunch more bits there. Yeah. And I was. I was. I was swinging. I was swinging. Oh, I'm so wrong. I saw the wheel train and these wheels of st flower tracks and shaltons, next. Kind by this turn of one and up with this bulloden haircut. Cally. Another. The LA Times Stephanie Salmon reports that churches are concerned about the temptation minister's face by immoral desires like a lust for pornography and addiction to drugs or lifelong same-sex attraction. You're fairly! The Denver Seminary's Craig Woolford is quoted as worrying that the desire for perfection among church leadership doesn't allow leaders to struggle to meet human to deal with their issues without fear of losing their ministry. Pages also experience solitude in their jobs as a consequence of the high-standard of which their health-lother congregations, they subsequently feel as though they've got no one to speak with about the issues with which they struggle. A number means they're proposed to help pasture deal with their fallibility. One ID is accountability partners, while hereafter problems are church leaders and confidence and revucer advise them is required. Another proposal is to require the pasture to receive annual counseling at Christian retreats, where they all sit around in a big circle and say, oh God, that's good. Then what they say, they all good! I'm sure I'm Jesus Christ. Dead dead. Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Absolutely! The minute we're born, we start dying, we die a little more, everything. Younger old, richer poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it. So as long as long that that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you've seen. There could be your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead. Oh, dead dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. It might happen nearly a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you. So we should all Christmas Eve when you snuggle in to bed. That you thank God for your family because someday there'll be dead. Oh, dead dead dead dead. Someday there'll be dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas is our left to measure life? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And so one Christmas morning, let good tidings feel your day. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Oh, dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll be dead. After dead dead, every one you know. Dead, a very merry Christmas to you dead, Merry Christmas, everybody. Oh, there you go, there you go! You can harvest, you can have a lick, a drink, a home. They provided their lives that will be true by the throne. Who said, and said, is the war? He gave me now that I told anyone. They, they didn't know. No point of God should die. We got a rock out there, I'll put you in shame. We got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one. We're saying, none of the love of this would take us near to the land. Can't get any gum, but open, come and come and pay. You believe in me, what they say, and they say, like the cold, I have found the roof, as they you may face, but still you're saying so before, with true hope, the election of we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one. Oh my God. Oh, show us all five women who have come and come and pay. We got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one. We got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one, we got a new one. Hmm. 25 past noon at five, 60 WQM, we're going to have some really heavy do these stuff. Then of course, that what we do tomorrow for non-core just play all the same stuff all over again. Yeah, we're just run the data because how many joyson proved best we have left. We got a million. That's why I want to interject there. I don't want to like you know because if we don't pop the thing We'll never get to 1400. That's right. That's true and if we don't get to 1400 We might just not even come back tomorrow. I bought you the biggest thing Chan says you like the deal Rogers for radio 560 I'm gonna wrap it all year long Do you want it more and you got it the past all this back singing more do it As it seems all you do Season 4 Or six stars, the mat dog does them all. Baby, everything is alright. I love it. Football. Oh, man! Football, football. What's left? You made it by my name. Oh, man! I'm not alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog, singing like a man. I like it. I like it. I like it. The truth is finally out that Jim Manage was truly the fifth beat. I'm in love and he's getting in love. Oh, the one who loved the land. I'm in love with the mad dog. And now you'll get to stay. You know, as you may say, you don't be alive. And I'm alive. I'm alive. Here's the mad dog's end of touching tribute to the king. Oh, this. Oh, man! Oh, man! That's a red man. Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! The mad dog was just a little end-bivolent, when we asked him if he wanted to do it again. No. I don't think so. So we had looked at Rossi Pablellum, and tell him either his reigns or his signature would wind up on the contract. That's kind of a fish with you. Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Bring me, say your crunch. Bring me, say your crunch. Bring me, say your crunch. We sum up both the hook and the pot. Bring me, say your crunch. Bring me, say your crunch. Bring me, say your crunch. As that does all the camo, go to God. I really wish you were pay at this risk, but, so you don't know if I could try at this risk, must. I hope you plan wearing pay at this risk, but when you pray, you'll accept our prayers. This holiday season, a fox brings you the interview that will shock the nation. How could I possibly have taken all of the toys from the whole girls and boys? With one sledding, one tiny dog, it's for postures. The brinche, if I stole Christmas, here's how it happened. Please, I don't even own a sewing machine. I couldn't make a quick Santa Claus hat in a coat that I wanted to do. A cute, looking, the most famous crime in Christmas history. The brinche tells his story. I took the last cat who has a pie, don't even like who has. The brinche, if I stole Christmas, here's how it happened. I'll tell you who committed the real crime. Jim, getting a wrong Howard, that a volumination of a film, completely missed the point. Only fun fox. All right. With the antaris, with the antaris, ones of a star and the other and aurs, both of them were familiar, his and his fandom on the on-brother, Jillians, brinche and aurs, brinche and aurs. You would think that they would be aurs, two birds of a feather, who cannot keep the legs together, try, try, try, separate them, you just can't do it. When it comes to wearing underwear, they just say screw it, brinche and aurs, brinche and aurs, everybody know these brought to hell. One's and on with mother, don't get me started on the other. Watch all it. You get all the time, they're the final three, they're the final play, you do what you have. Well, for girls, you've got to fill them out. Oh, crowd full there, don't walk up in your mouth. You're in your head and in the wild, while they're on the country, you've got to give them a chance. No, if you're alone, you've been feeling alright, try to not fulfill the way without a stoplight. A crowd full there, sometimes a fear can grow. A crowd full there, it's better if you go. I said, I, I, I, I, Chew! Я могу. Я могу. I said, I, I, jeeeeanna,ён of no. Who chiano, face a ruby sweetness oh go nerdy now, the phatast of the three terraces back, stretching his book His back stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by mother nature in a new CD box set Pavarati does Motown Pavarati does Motown if you thought he was good with an area wait till you hear him work over the real classics Pavarati does Motown gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes brought to life in a way you never hoped for the story okay so technically that one wasn't Motown but don't tell Luciano or Wilson pick it so what are you waiting for? if you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering dust for years to come Pavarati does Motown get it well supplies left by the way supplies are not like we to run out anytime soon you watch every night and see it welcome everybody to Larry King line that's right he's Larry King and now America's most famous kiddo loose host with a pacemaker has cut a new CD entitled Larry King sings Bob Marley we're jamming I want to jam it with you also come hello you'll take this legendary news man's interpretations of an even more legendary songwriter Chick-a-phone chick-a-phone he shot the sheriff that's why he'll be my guess quite after these words from Garley it's Manifee Larry King sings Bob Marley only as Larry King can one love one heart let's forget the fact that I've had 15 bypass operations get Larry King sings Bob Marley today to order your copy sent three million dollars to cover the cost of his child support payments to Larry King live care of CNN no one will cry when he really try to say Larry long he's just a twenty-two one and five six and we got twelve fifty in that pool I don't think fourteen average in the cards today I think you were shooting a little bit too high oh sorry Bob I mean it's from from from this point on from this point through the weekend through Christmas day and maybe even through New Year it's like where we're just sitting here like talking to ourselves aren't we just among friends we're a real one cruise control we're cruising and that we got twelve fifty in I say our goal is like twelve seventy five four twenty five sixty and then and hold it there's one of these place I know all the wealthy people yeah it's well well they play follow and that's what I like about okay I don't know he goes on live in small I don't know where they say help call and then we call as a whole that's what I like about yoga and then grand on how close we can spend the day in Jewish Bakery's you should take these delicacies and I thought I'd like about it please excuse me and I'll be a double user we find pleasure and be moved that's what I like about yoga you old jeep 도 position why use make us own images if you're truly out to hire us that's what I like about dog and we really don't know what you think you see how it dude does it's straight there's no coffee Oh, we woke up and that's what I like about the broken. I have to get out of the bed so I won't hide the broken. Oh, camera wreck with him on the coldest act and convention about the going next door. They all try and throw a half a mile away. That Gucci smile and they stand in line. While waving on their rivers, we've been hatching. They're rungs and clear. That's not as true. We've prepared a turn in the tunnel. And it'll blow back and down the trees that you'll light the town. We're right through the mall. Let's spend a night and a sidewalk sale from your hand. As you wrap your nails, so your friends, you're going to bloom in there, then you won't be far behind. We'll be right through the town. We've made a habit that won't sink in. That will not end too. We've been through the tunnel. And don't blow back and down the journey, turn back to town. We're right through the mall. And the sidewalk sales from your hand. As you wrap your nails, so your friends, you're going to bloom in there. That will not be far behind. We'll be right through the town. We're right through the town. We're right through the town. We're right through the town. And don't blow back or down the trees that you'll light the town. We're right through the town. There's a tower called Camera Wack We're down south Has a dragon set There's a tower There's a tower It's a little old lady from I'll be yaaah It's a little old lady from I'll be yaaah There's so many so many so With a peaceful captain So goody yaaah There's so many so many so many so With a little wicky-d-y wrong down Shack is out on the condition She's the end cat in that Now I can't figure No one who could make me mean I've had a little old lady from I'll be yaaah She crawled and she stole She's a real old bond She's a gentleman How will you be full of art She's a little old lady from I'll be yaaah There's so little old lady from I'll be yaaah There's so many so many so many so With a peaceful captain So goody yaaah There's so many so many so many so Don't try and blow your horn to magic data Because she only keeps stuck on all the respirator She's the end cat in that little old lady From I'll be yaaah She crawled and she stole She's a real old bond She's a gentleman How will you be full of art She's a little old lady from I'll be yaaah There's so little old lady From I'll be yaaah There's so many so many so many so many So many so many so many so If the little old lady bump high on the out of there is so many so If the little old lady bump high on the out The dirt fell manera cropped upon the car Of blue gasskyllable planet Both Chuck this type of thing Ah, you think everybody's bruised ahead Umm, помощью there was a false traffic Would have landed up into an empty circulation That's a frail disease For your heart, come on For your heart, come on Back, back, back, back You can see, back, back You're not your man, Back, back, back, back You're open, back, back You can see, back, back You can see, back, back You can see, back, back You can see, back You can see, back, back You can see, back, back You can see, back You can see, back You can see, back You can see, back You can see, back You can see, back Your I don't report my feeling I have a pain Impressive release터 voice Turn on hover What's this but me? Must tell you We swear we might be If you were He's out this To cleanse They broke your egg Back home We got this We swear we might be We look like Can't you To decide We sing like a bunch of For the widest I wish they Our agent says we got to say We swear we might be Our biggest friends I swear we're all girls We think we're as cute as we be Yeah But as they get older They all think we're out We're hiring our late and sea One thing Is for sure we get Man, make your way to We do We're so close We're the delicate side We're the dual We're the sisters We're just my girl But today We think that we have better say We swear we might be I swear we might be Me too Not this kid Not this old girl We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters We're the sisters But do you think the phones have been extra Crispy last couple days After those really nifty calls we had last week Just as Chris Hilton it was fabulous Wonderful Well it wasn't spectacular Compared to usual man It was a breath of something Everybody's shopping That's why just got through saying Don't overdo it Chris Wonderful was good but don't overdo it You better have a little session with him during the break All right 277 votes I'm embarrassed by this pull Really is I'm embarrassed by your calls Too bad that's nothing new but the pull We usually give you a good pull Now the one for tomorrow about meals will I don't think Chris is going in the will He's not even officially on a show yet But if I worked till I croaked what if he's on there like the next 20 years What if I worked till I'm like 84 That's the case he's going to get more than me Let me just put it to this way I don't want to burst your bubble I get anytime You can fill in the best challenge Oh We're going to start the round Just got nowhere out It went up and broke a ticket It's all left and all the women would paint It lifts around the pole I listen to the New Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the New Rogers Aaron Bowen's one to two hours Wh-wh...wh-wh-wh-who... All right You've been working by engine I'm living in Thailand now. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was to you and how. Rectons. You don't even fight somebody good enough to film my baby pants? You're an easy. I know you're going to get a lot of things coming back. I'm not trying to consider you a little bit of a counter-ed. If you want to know what will save you from shutting that transmitter to ground, why that's easy. You don't want to be in your mouth. Don't touch the fire. What you need is no. Don't touch the fire. Don't you need a little more. I'm not going to be in your mouth. I'm leaving your own twigs last only that you did very much. I think that my ratings have bottomed out in this case. I'm not going to be in your mouth. What's with you, Henry Mommy? Do it with a gay and simple wood and wig. You can't hold your feet just now. Now take it. Hold your knees now. And hold your feet just now. Hold your feet just now. I don't want to be in your mouth. I don't want to be in your mouth. I don't want to be in your mouth. You don't want to be in your mouth. You don't want to be in your mouth. Try then hold it and open your mouth. Come closer next time. Will you be there after you help? Coming closer. I will. To help? Help me easily. To help me. I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! Jason you're on QM I don't have any national guards in there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now Not the national guard Not the national guard Not the national guard in Iraq Not the national guard No I call here I'm not the one who rated the Moja would have been in his own He's the one who made his marriage I don't even know how you have children Beerabah hello I want your take on JP Oh, JP they really is a great quarterback I can a good joke I like JP Uh well not the mention he's got extraordinarily smooth But taxes Oh yeah He's got to be careful with you say here Oh, please don't thank you mom Oh no, no wait a minute, oh go But I have nothing else to say Little bit of how about this I was the way the down there in the mirror mark I'm right down the street from you I have to go Oh I know, oh wait, by the way he's up Look I tell you what The doll, hold your over my braid I've got dad Oh give you one of my oldthank tusher Let me call it we have Your fellas are getting us What's going on? There a door Go Where does theroid noise? Poison What's wrong? Oh Give me one I know that I can't stay in the round of golden symbols You walk high, I walk, if you go look at that miracle sea A road map of is a leaf It's like a history booklet What are you hiding from us? I know clothes Well something is bad Almost everywhere today Did you hear my pain So suddenly scarque Tell me I had annoyed And it's a joy to avoid Yes We just left out We could get away and we couldn't and then no special with what's big youivers hate walk and crash and scares and eight er confeld Под I'm just a loud. Oh, what a mess. I think it's a little piece of oil. Wow, that's high in my own. What are you doing here, not on the roof? We're eye-wage doing here. I can't open, except if like honey, even that's for you. Very, you're watching me to do this. And I'm having a nice Hawaiian punch. You! Ah! Ah! Ah, ah, ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! footsteps! footsteps! There's a door for you, men! Don't! I'm remoting at the condo. I take the elevator down and not my way to the car when I pull my holding basket out I give a condo The noise of back and down I'm set the noise of back and down. Why do you laugh? I got a whole new sport whole boot. I know everything is going on in Badgeaus. Why I even know all the new Majog rule. Up into the giant daddy or something. You badger going not to the high. You better show when I take this race. I know I ain't no way to play with me. But when they drop my voice will change. You're a little old. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. Sounds to me like Moe is jealous. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. I'm set the noise of back and down. Highest rates,! Play, a channel of ratings. see I can't I start like with the Italian numbers in the Spanish numbers and I like mixing match it's not good so Tom Fudge Chincuanta. Chincuanta Bonaise 50 3.8% I mean this is a pool that I wouldn't wish on Hitler that's how bad it is and they basically like it what does that prove to you? They're brainless or maybe their taste is in their physical coma 2-0. J-C. I run real fast, she goes to Swapapas, the Ghanja, get on the arrest of Henny Kotsimilong Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? Did you hide? I'd like to get closer how about you? It's a good time. We're getting it on. We're making ball on that ball. How are you, Gamer? Oh, Gamer, Gamer! It's not easy, Gamer! Oh, Gamer, Gamer! We should move around. We'll take it back. Sing with us, part that makes me laugh. You're so right. To be with you, all that over class for you! Yay, J高. Oh. We'll wait for pushes play. Let's bring one Quand in terrain. Rose, I could be hadn't made So you have a day And you know what you were saying That one no blackly public in We've been together Like one of them's gone for your death And all the guy who I knew was strange Finally, what the face to face And all the red and red grey Don't worry about me Well, I've never thought I'd find The kind of red that I've been to the roundings today All right! Now it's a classic set of wheels six-though Only a real fun would die, dear Now we've defeated Kai and the crib is cold And the dastard of the massive knockout of the candle The quick carry yoke Oh baby The quick and for none of the carry carry The baby, baby, baby Oh baby Shiny little little bit of the things Baby, baby, keep to the surface And now it's a one bounce down the road And the big cat is super down the way Now with the often stopped, the quick wheels So they all get around the pieces of brains I've got 179, my boat out of the nose She's going to combine now with my baby, Kettle left So baby The quick and for none of the carry The baby, baby, keep to the surface And the big baby Shiny little little little bit of the things Go! I got my wind down Now the hot summer day Because they're easy to walk those days We're spreading fresh with lost seats The smell of the distance does seem a little bit tired And on a back and you find the shiny ground As my light light lights my coffee journey Two reserving washing it with all the rope The home of a baby Overclocking on a carry carry The easy to be different The home of a baby I will shop at views for an oversea box And two sweet, the home of a baby First of all, it's feeling you'll be better to be the biggest star Baby And then that day And that day Well, he's a teller has he not been Your boat got the money from his daddy And if I said my little granny Or with an agenda that's brand me Oh, oh, he's a teller has he not been Your boat is a teller Well, he's a pretty natural son Who doesn't have to run? No one else is gone or when he might as well just move right in She's high She's high She's high He has a golden spoon He was born with others as So look out on you, dude Get ready for the gas He's a teller has he not been Oh, he'll give our little rights to Wanny Oh, Fanny The teller has he not been Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Abbey, loser Well, he's a very wealthy dude With very bad diffus Who never paid his dues by the Xster will office Grills, she's high She's high She's high She's high Any smart food with that raise Against buddy But K-Wild, do you think they call it Gilbert? The Torio landing race In the color of the night The party Oh, filming the cake A cake, a cake, a party Oh, daddy's a teller has he not been So, but better than me Come on, let's do this step Come on, let's go Let's go For this Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm sorry. If you make a Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica Jamaica If you're the hug you don't need to make a Jamaica To the front of the door I shape like a knife I see who you're doing Oh, they've all come you don't weary a chance On the side of the dark I'd like Jamaica Jamaica Amanda Democr Jamaica Jamaica I like Matsuten I am aExpert Phic Fragen Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown, Rastown Rastown, Changing, Changing, Oh, of Herring, Langs,?' Oh, Uh, Ugh, Oh Oh! Man, we're looking flower one huh? Wow! Oh! Louter! Oh! I'm dying out of the head! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Rest of me! Rest of you! Oh! Oh! You're going! You're going! You're going! You're going! You're going! You're going! You're going! Yeah, well, that's right. Anyway, the reason that though is personal entrepreneurs, because that was off the year, you know, from my over the 100 years ago. Because that's the only copy we had of it. So the drop-ins were already in there and they were like, real! Oh! For some reason, maybe it was just real enthusiastic. I remember you had more of an ingredient, whatever goes with it back in the day. You think? Ah, it's okay. A little more energy back then. Yeah. A little bit loud on the... Oh! Okay. 13 average and 31 votes, man. If Chris would have pushed for that 14 man, if he would have just, you know, chumbrated and we could have made it. Josh says if we don't get 14, he's leaving us again in the year. Now, what's the story? Do we have a date? I don't think we have a set date now. I don't mean a date isn't like going out or something like that. By the way, I know, I know, call me crazy and it wouldn't be the first time at all. And especially the last couple of weeks, but I... I have a goal. And it's not that I'm like obsessed anymore. Oh boy, I'm serious. I'm talking about it in my lifetime goal. Okay. Okay. Oh, I have many goals. Huh? Yeah, that's one of what I forget about that. He's just my buddy, there I'm lying that one. Huh? He's good guy. I think I hope he's for real, but I don't know. See, I'm just... I'm never going to adjust to that. I'm just too old to start like just in my mind all over again. Oh yeah, you're chatting very innocently and of course being very careful with whatever you're talking to one ear. And who do you know who you're talking to? You don't know what all it is. But anyway, my goal. I think I'll announce it tomorrow, okay? Your goal? Yeah, I mean, it's not nothing big important. I mean, it's unlike, you know, for life, it's just something to me. You're just about to say it right now. But I didn't say it. And you're... is he's like sliding off the edge of the chair? I don't think it's going to give you like all hysterical or blown away or anything like that. And you're going to say, man, you're an idiot. Wouldn't mean the first time for that either. But since you're leaving the show, you can go ahead and, in fact, say it now, you're an idiot. You're an idiot. Okay. So listen, the show tomorrow is about to will. The obvious thing. So, the best challenge for this is real rock. Trash in his magic. We talk about him. He's just... Don't you, my queen. God. My name is Fabri. Don't real exciting. Until I spent some afternoon recording, someone phobie tunes I never dreamed at. Any of this crap. Would sell it all when I was done. But I did view it number one. Can't keep it stocked on shelves. So it's just pouring head now. That damn thing is selling like ice all out of fire. The faster thou making dough from. When my ink ran from. My bank accounts big as my tan up. You're pouring dough from. When my ink ran from. These songs are crappy. But I cheaply must be making dough from. That white hair crowd. Now see who those bad puns thinking. Straight through my stomach. Oh man. Rock solid. This is my body's shoving thinking. Godless family hold day on the camera. Next time I better think. God she can't do anything. One, those bad puns start to sink. Now I ate a bunch of them this morning. How was I to know it was a legal dosage. Huh? Ran to the fair poo without warning. Oh, I only wrote a feeling that they'd be for that one's clothes. So watch what you're swallowing. God she can't do anything. One, those bad puns start to sink. Those bad women don't think. But what stronger than you think. One, those bad pruds start to sink. When some saw me, I'll try to play them. And then they have to launch a congregation. I can't even write a way down this and hear the decay of the show. It's number one in the nation. All the faiths give a dollar for their salvation. God, God, God, God, God, God. You're my God, you're your God, God, God, God. You're my God, God, God, God. You're your God, God, God, God. You're my God, God, God, God. You're my God, God, God. I knew God, God will be a brighter than God. And sure it's full. I wear it everywhere when I go round another, A-leave, a-leave, a-leave, a-leave, a-leave. So be true to your show. God, God, God, God, God, God. You're my God, you're my God, God, God. You're my God, God, God, God. You're my God, God, God, God. You're my God, God, God. You're my God, God. I rise all the jack above the cloud, It's for the shall be ready to pray. I'll be standing now, I go for that. The yelp are in the choir now. You'll be singing away. Be clear, you'll show up. I fly, fly, you'll show up. I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I'm a child, and I Oh, thank you, God, has to look up and Sevbeat all throughout the world, and this for life, it'll be all throughout the world, and I just cannot An easy, complete your life, it'll be just a child. I just cannot Be, O, the God, it'll be all throughout, Isaiah just cannot be a Church i shall dwell in this suffering, Ay, resurrection the Lord with prayer, Blood and frågor,とか and surprise the Lord Oh, black. Have you heard of the inter-guy? No, that Robert creeper. Boo-hoo. When he beats thoughts with words like dawn, he sounds like that relief, sir. And if this monster should pass him, he's found a little more. As he lives, look at what Robert creeper. If it's a very hard to save the world, watch out for Robert creeper. To prove that Robert creeper doesn't say no. Stay away from Robert creeper. Especially if he's hit his mind like he's going. Look at Robert creeper. Who's through the copy of Robert creeper? Who's through the copy of Robert creeper? The copy of Robert creeper. The copy of Robert creeper. The copy of Robert creeper. Hey, whoa. See you around. With the fucking boy who's done my round. Go for it. Thank you. Watch it, me. No. Really. Yeah. You're going to find one steady wind. Come on, you want it, take it. You're begging back in the way. We're going to find you. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm out of the way. This will be paradise, would you go away? And it will kill us, will we go? Be ready, yeah. Come on. Come on. You're through the 100% power. Oh, that's not the real one. And I came to the top. Now I'm showing you something on the flip. I don't know where the beat is. It's on our own. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I hit the ball. I hit the ball. I hit the ball. I hit the ball. What a leap. Yes. Go. Oh, oh. Mom says the word, man. You're going to expression mom is the word. In this case, mom is the word. Right? Absolutely. 13 every and 47 most. We could have made it, man. It's crazy to do it. Don't worry. You're responsible. I just got to remind me of Marcus. I'm a daughtering old fang. You got to remind me that it's not going to tell you that it's just a silly thing. But you'll find it amusing. My goal. Write it down. Write it on your wrist. I'm writing. Actually, I'm job by the way, changing that pool. I'm filling for Georgia was good work. Not that it's a major assignment. But I just, you know, figure it's something good before you leave the show. Well, I'm trying to get on your good set for what? Oh, that's right. The will is a, okay, Curtis Stevenson will not be in my will. But he's a really good guy. He's in for mad dog between two and four. In fact, I think he may be a head beyond that will is. I don't have to check. Then we got the power hour with the hump or at the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, The center between four and five because there's no mad dog today. So the hump is going to be over there. The, hopefully they'll make him climb all the way to the top of the stairs there. Walk it off, hump or Hank. So what the, the, the, the, the five, the seven of us at John C. Who's John C. John Colp. That's his producer. Oh, and so with him. So Hank is out alone. John Colp is there. Try to cope with that whole thing. And of course, Hank will be very hockey intensive. I've taken a panther. He's got a kid named Campbell. I don't know what his first name is. Man, I'm, I may have to change my desktop again. Wow, a panther people with seven see there was something good about to leave Salus neck into the night. Nothing really good with something good. Panthers and arrangers at the end of center with seven 30 with golden and ready to S. Lee S. Randy more and any K. His second lie show on Qm tonight almost brings a two to my eye. You know, all of, well, it's a sad. He's been on a station for about a hundred years. A lot of your that I've been and he's done a fine job and a lot of people like him and he's like late night companion probably the general Gamers out there. With tonight's edgy case last second lie show on tomorrow's The finale following the beast. I'm talking about giving your guy a tough assignment on the way out. The biggest thing so best talent to be this is the Rogers. For Shreddie of five 60. You a. It's day. It's a by any tell. Oh, right. Five six. Oh. Oh. Oh. Graemock got run over by a reindeer. Why does this song, Eric Christmasy? No one even cares. It's not funny. But those are all these stations still believe. I hear it every Christmas season. While I'm driving in my car, Don't they understand it's acne? It's even on the 25th at the bar. I might have laughed it at the first time. Maybe the second time as well. But now this music makes me queasy. And I know it's Christmas time, but go to hell. Grandma got thrown over by a rainbow. All right. It's so funny I forgot to laugh. If I had my way, I'd make the DJ. Great to stupid record right in hand. Bye bye.