You know, Neo Rogers is my father is coming up next Nice little foot boy Wow We're not in your team there Jia not going to brush Okay. Just the worstARK I destroyed it all three points since again A beautifulJA Rogers God It's just really guys nipples on person one does as I get because and the people I call in, they just like them like that they run the year. What a court the weed and they're high and they're... I mean it's terrible. But here's it up and look at listen on to 610 and Anna's here. Here she comes, go on the air, she's reading the news out and you really can. Hey hey baby, you're back, because you was all probably a fact that you've been being on it. I don't understand by the fact that you're a baby, you're back. You're a little too far into me, see the S fine too, just to find out. You're overtones out of me, hey hey baby, you're back, don't just stand and stand for me. All the rain and tentabos, no brandy, take the movement to a day to your feet. So just a minute. It's said I wanted 560 WQM, it's a sports show, this guy's just a morning show, it's one of days. When he said high school football, you could knock me over the feather duster with your pinky. God, I can't, I mean what are we talking about? Sports? Yeah, but high school football, what about high school parties, he's pretty exciting. What about elementary school volleyball? I like Tettaboll and Boxball. What about badminton? How's that? When's that coming up? Sounds bad then. Oh my God, it's a disease, it's a disease. Call the exterminator man, it's a disease. Anyway, moving right along. What are we going to do about that, right? Right. What's that going to do with the price of rice is howard beelets? I got a good movie for you. I don't care what Josh Cortes says, and by the way, Josh your team does suck. How do you like that? It's very early yet. They got a field goal though, that was good. I couldn't believe when this, you know, I have that, well, we all have it on it. If you have the package, the channel has got all the scores, you know, they're running scores in the time. Yeah. I'm not the three on it. I'll ride Josh and team that a field goal. Let's hear it for him, bucks. Rime with suck. The nevertheless. Couldn't we be Tristan and his old kind of like with Josh or what the Zool finder says about to me and hang and mad dog is old. Tristan and his old with the Sofia Miles and the lovely James Franco who's a lot prettier than she is. Yeah. I'm sure she was panning it so I immediately ran out and got it because I moved pretty good. Plus I want to see James Franco naked and I did, but it was good. That's why I like it. Then that's a big part of the reason why I like it. I'm telling you, it's a good movie. It's just average at that time. I said to you that it looked, I would be honest with you. You only good thing in this effect that, you know, he was naked and he looked pretty good. And I'll tell you who also looked good was, and I don't you agree with me that the guy and I hope I have no idea what the actor is. I've played his step brother. Remember when his parents got killed in the first to brutal scene and then we'll be a lot of that brutal British Irish meaty book killing, you know. But his step brother looks just like him. And then he had the facial hair, they'd be like identical twins which is kind of bizarre. And do you think there was kind of strange? No, I didn't really think about it. Oh, that's where you would notice that. I see. Get out of here. When you stop, she's a scum. I'll tell you, head of rose, man. It's so sensitive and so uptight. Oh, I would not, I don't see what guys look like. Okay. Now, she wouldn't much. She's all right. But it's good movie. I'll take action. Real man's. Quatter story. Made Romeo and Juliet pale and a wince again. Although Leonard wedding would have been goodness and tights. Blood drawing project leads teacher to suspension, salina canzes. And you know, yesterday I made a bad mistake. I'm going to try not to do it again. Well, I wouldn't say yesterday's the only time. But there was that story. I know what story it was, too, was going about Israel and the Palestinian. It was a good story. I mean, it was very important stuff to know and get out there. But it was too long. Okay. You know what I mean? No. Now, I'm not going to read unless it's a column. I mean, if it's Lorraine, the red red red. Green doubt or Frank Richard, but I read the whole column or dark town. So I'm certainly not going to read these long. It doesn't hold anybody's attention. Even mine, you know. But he wants to listen to some old fag at on a radio. Reading a 600 page story. I mean, 400 not too bad. You know, although today I got to tabloids. I got to globe and the inquire. And I recommend very hardly if I never get turned on anything good today's today. Get the national inquire. The one with Oprah's picture. I'm going to be alarming. Look at her. Oprah catches Stedmo with another woman. Well, it's about time we got a real one. But then it's not time's baby. Time is fuming. And what do you find out who it's who is baby they say it is? Somebody might go like, maybe Michael Jackson. I'm going to close the door because I told you that. I'm going to leave all of you people stop. Leave us alone with these spiral on. Let me know what you have. Are real parallel. Okay. Got all my name. So far to this crap. And anyway, it's not time's baby. If you open up to the center of full, the center piece where the staples are. Now, another thing, Quar has a center full. There's a center full. There ain't no naked picture in there. But if you open it, well, it's a good thing. And not naked. Plastic surgery of the star is who's had it and who's hiding it. I think who's had it is a very appropriate term. Wow. When you see bad stristand, fear of faucet. And Janice Dickinson and Miss Manalo. When you see there's all bunch of others too. But those in particular, you're just plots. You just will pee in your pants. Get to the pens. So Lena Kansas, a high school science teacher was suspended for allowing students to use the same instrument to draw blood from their fingers as part of a client's project. This new official said yesterday about the no comments now. About 50 juniors and seniors in two science classes at Selena High School South used the same Lancet or small pin to prick their fingers on Monday said Carol Pitz. Spokesman for Lisa Lena School District. The science teacher who was not identified was suspended with pay during an investigation. Pitz said there was additional concern that some of the students may have come in contact with blood. The science experiments slides. I know. She said it was unclear what experiments the classes were doing. But they may have been checking blood glucose levels. Oh, I could do that right now when hurt me. You'll see my fingers. I got more well. Yeah. She said that this whole was taking steps to ensure the students were tested for diseases such as HIV, hepatitis. Both of us can be spreading by using a shared instrument to draw blood. Oh boy. Yeah. This is minimal risk. They said I don't think there's any reason to panic, but I would. I can't. Hey, like that. This is the kind of crap that goes on with your kids in school man. What's your lunatic? So using your kids like, you know, some kind of a science project. Remember that movie my science project would John Stockwell? Nope. I sure do. Hey, hey, hey, look at that 80088 post on the poll today and we left off very important when you better put on there right now. That's my bad. I can't believe I left it off. That's because our way off the wood vine to have a really good day for a change. 888 and we left off. I hate this poll. That's your trick. You usually leave that off. Right. Well, you know, our crowd at that. Exactly. Total. I don't know. Not that we're in jeopardy of not getting a thousand. We're going to have like over 900 before you know it before you can snap your ass. Edwards will Illinois. Here's another before you. Huh? No, man. Keep that out. A man would listen. A man who admitted in court to tearing off the head of a kitten after a fight with the girlfriend has been sentenced to two years in prison. When it comes to animal abuse cases, we don't get prison sentences all the time. So it's always good when we do Stephanie Smith spokesman for the Madison County State Attorney's Orifice of the case against Jacob Thornton. Thornton 21 was to have had a preliminary hearing last Thursday on the felony animal torture charge but instead of guilty. A judge who had Thornton sentenced reduced or sentenced or uncorrelated to a prison thermally into a parole violation on a 2005 aggravated battery conviction. Authorities said that after a July 28th, this beep between Thornton and his living girlfriend, the 30 year old woman. Thornton man. Left the home before returning to find her kitten's head and he tanned to body in the front yard. That's like one of the same thing just in an exiled. That isn't it? Kitten seemed. I did like that scene when he chopped the guy that the evil door. The guy that looks just like Ron Silver. He chopped his head off me. He went out there to the Irish mob out there waiting by the moat and he held up his head. Yeah. They were all going far. Well, I've thought of those bricks in the Irish, you know, and the Indians in the Packies and the hall over it. Just the same one. And the Israelis and the Palestinians. Four days after he was charged with animal torture, Thornton was also charged with brutalizing a motor vehicle. My case is kind of he's just a slime ball. Yank the cats head off. Not a good idea. All you kids out there do not be a twist and cat's heads off. But I'll be trist in the cats head off. At least not until after you take him out of the microwave. Okay. Here he has today is fully at 1692 votes. That's pretty heavy duty for Wednesday. Right. Smack down in him over the weekend. You know, that's not bad. Although I do notice a tremendously decreased, well, just one day, but like to the yesterday, how come there's so few people reading our bedtime stories this day? Because I'm reading them all on the air. That could be. I mean, the rest of the response is stellar. It's fine. There are a lot of people listening online and people are holding on the pole and Diddleman and Switlin and whatever they're doing. Yeah. It's always interesting to read. I mean, not to be influenced by Mr. But to read the reviews that I am db of whatever movie you're watching are going to want. And then you find the motivation for people watching. I'll load there's a, I can totally have ton of reviews for. Who's going to get ready to blow? I'm on an idiot. I'm on an idiot. I'm on an idiot. I'm on an idiot. I'm on an idiot. I'm on an idiot. He's really good. I'm on an idiot. I'm on an idiot. He's a idiot. I'm on an idiot. And he's going to like me. He gives you a big screw to be here. And he wears a brown jacket that looks like he bought it at the man in a red silverfish of the dish. Come back. Come on in a jar. Come on in a jar. Come on in a jar. Come on in a jar. Come on in a jar. Ten, I think it's five, sixty, W. W. and Mad Dog at two, then we got the power hour. Time to take a shower. And maybe a good deflowered. With the handker to Mad Dog between four and five. The humpers stole five to six, thirty. And then the fourth and final game that had long pond was series that Marlon's finally won a game last night. Let's hear it. How about? Well, it's at the Metz to the fourth and final game. When a series pregame with sixty five games times seventy ten, eighty can't do the game. Now, I'm going to have an nervous breakdown. I hear it here. Well, I'm not talking about that. I can handle that. That's that. And I'm talking about when you get, you know, trying to find the name of a movie or think of it or the name of a book. And then you can't. Uh, run away. What was it? What was it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? The Eggy game. And Dustin Hoffman was the in Brad Pitt was in a two. Brad Pitt was there. Oh, oh, oh, oh, he was part of a group of buddies. Of course. Right. Yeah. I'll find it. Well, I'm, I'll get a little Brad Pitt now. I'm looking at his choreography. Let's see, uh, crew of awakening, no, state of play. Now these are ones he hasn't released yet. Uh, man, not oceans 12. Good God. Uh, confessions of a dangerous mind. No. No. What was that? I don't know. I'm sure no, but that sounds awfully familiar confessions of an dangerous mine But I don't think it was oh, I'm directed by George Clooney and also Chuck Burris wrote them, but oh, no, that's the both-a-check Burris book. You're right. It's not it. That's the check-verse movie Did you ever get to see that? It was actually very interesting friends. No, that's not it. It's by game the Mexican Snatch. I don't say that fight. Oh, oh, oh, God forbid meat your black now dark side of the sun seven years in tie bet These sound like they probably see the one I'm talking about The devil's own club monkeys seven. What's in the box? Let's listen to the fall good movie with that's your unit. I don't know what it is. You know what I'm talking about All right, I do. I don't know if he did He was the setup. He was the flunky attorney who's the job was to make sure he lost the case Josh and I were looking for the movie under its own name. I don't remember Dustin Hoppin being in it But I only saw it once I long time ago, so I could be very well. I thought Dustin Hoppin was Well, maybe I'm confused. I don't know. I'm pretty sure he was I'm often confused. I'm positive. He was I'm positive How do you like that? I'm not pretty sure I'm freaking positive. I know De Nero was in it because he was the priest By the way, we left off, you know his most famous. You know the graduate What do you mean by that? You're talking about what good movies there. I don't care what he was in. I want to know this movie now I don't give a crap about that. Don't try to change the subject now to pacify me, okay? Midnight cowboy. Just giving my we Tina and just the cut the crap. Yeah, I know what John for what I saw and you didn't How do you like that hot shot straw? 154 votes what straw dogs and you don't want to see a Midnight cowboy Is that very hot dressing happy? I was good very depressing very morbid and then they're on the bus They're going to Miami Beach and on the bus and the Greyhound and Dustin Hoppin dies in the bus I wrote the ending there for you. So you know rats or riso? Letty The lightest story. Yeah, what I was learning our test story is about a guy who couldn't speak President George W. Bush said yesterday if he had firm intelligence that Osama bin Laden was in pacist He dissonated to go into that country and go after Osama smoke a lot of his whole But it's thing that you want to immediately respond from pacist any president pervert Mushir or who said pacist and we had such handle such a situation itself He's extremely sensitive about possible form of three intervention inside his borders He said went in doubt stay the hell out. How do you like that? As to interview with CNN whether he dissonated to go into pacist and the killer capture bin Laden and his deputy I'm in the prime and also worry bush repired So the looping that thing literally he ended we would take the action necessary to bring them to justice when Bush's marks were put to Machiafer the news conference if you went to pacist a later applied we wouldn't like to allow that We'd like to do that ourselves Rye Oh my god for real Michelle tell them one was good as a managerians It's good democratic leaders who of course is busy exporting nukes to all the other Signballs of the world, but nevertheless don't confuse one of the facts You know public is money here those kind of things here's our poll today and if they don't say Stop it at far along you're right. I'm gonna start having a nervous dump. I'm gonna do one right in the hallway I'm gonna do a base smelly pile My half in on stop this now. How long connect go on but wait? sleepers was in it. I was in it. That's it. It was a great movie. I forgot dust and half Where are you sure and he wasn't right? Yes, I guess I don't remember what he was in that movie You know who wasn't he just told you punchy guy Oh, it was Danny Snyder You see I told you See they can listen to the beeping out there in the hallway. He held it because he googling sleepers 96 Kevin bacon so you can use it in your you know six Kevin bacon they killed him in the restaurant Remember that I don't want to ruin everybody's building the restaurant. He was a real slime ball. Yeah. He had it covered Yeah Kevin bacon Billy crewed up. Cut up Roberts and arrow many driver was in it. Oh Dustin Hoffman. What I tell you? What is wrong with you? The Neural play father Bobby and he had the baseball. You have the steps from the baseball tickets. He lied a priest who lies Jason Patrick Brad Pitt Brad's way down the list on the credits on that kind of interesting Brad Renfro. Well, Bruce and Kirby Good buddy. He's dead. Oh Yeah Bruno Kirby. He is dead Poor Bruno. That's right. He's the one that was like Joe Peshie Jr He reminded me so much. He drew and then he was like a cross between chicken. I can Joe Peshie Am I right? Yeah, he looked more like chicken. I put he sounded more like Joe Peshie, but with hair Yeah, with a little bit of hair. Well chicken. I case here too many puts on that beautiful blonde piece Even molded me tell us all right Remember that time I think I put that on there and I walked in there while still well anything You've also agitated an aggravated. Oh, that was really good. Yeah, those were the days Maybe those were the real days. We had a morning show. I think I think we have more sports I know that when he was on you know, I don't want to get started with that But you're the one that yeah start making that skin and I was turning into a gigantic infection all of the Spicthe Picks can you smell it? Yeah, here's the Spicch Picks Omar ratings tumble in the aftermath on by the way Katie curish speaking of tumble her eyes are Tumbling like a like a dryer like a closed dryer Wow, they are dropping like a rock Unbelievable nice gone Katie nice black eyes by the way really beautiful job by CBS They deserve every you know something even a CBS eye ever notice what color it is black just like her eyes The approval ratings of Israeli Prime Minister a hood all-mort and his coalition allies era Russia's son on a list have tumble further in the wake of the levels being these war according to opinion polls When asked are you satisfied with a hood almost performances Prime Minister some 68% of respondents answered no Not satisfied according to a full and the hardest daily there's your favorite newspaper and increase a 28% point since the survey taken obviously 11 Only 22% of Israeli said they were satisfied with all more compared with 48% Approved as performance in the August poll Your parliamentary elections were held today almost cadema party would get 16 seats compared with a 29 of holes right now in other words as they say in Lesbian on their office sores and its main coalition partner labor party would get 15 seats against the 90 of holes now the opposition right wing McCood party would double as parliamentary seats to 24 or you pay while the extreme right Betten you party would get 18 seats compared with them the whole but that's bad news Wow It anyway if that bet night a bet and not Now with this back in again, there's nothing nothing will be held back Then the whole world blows up speaking of things coming to an end the inside radio Mavon's Tom Taylor says the bloom is off the rosewood satellite. I don't want to say I told you so and it's not over until it's over But satellite radio is just like Katy Kirkman falling like a rock MS boss just Morgan tells yesterday's 16 Shapiro says that the NAB and Dallas were finally starting to see the end of the satellite K. Shea He jokes that everybody knew about satellite nobody actually subscribed to it Of course both services handsome scrimmers but bearers during analyst Victor Miller recalls when Xemon serious Had they turn the current reformer in subscribers that didn't have a name got no full million and the losing your ass And that's what I thought as nobody wants to pay for a and our stuff Especially the music that they can get their own music just like I just up there in my iPod there which took about one three seconds T playground for you still You can't leave me, I wish I lost you if you could go to the past. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. You're Korean. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. I'll still be a strife in my arms, in my arms, in my dreams. Oh, my love, there's no one wrong. I'm your number, my heart. You're my turn. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. You can't leave me as much as I could ever miss you. I don't think you even know one character from another. You don't even know who the damn characters are. I made it up. For example when she and I married her after that, we're like the beast on stills. You saw that guy. I vaguely remember him but I know he got it. Oh my god, would you need to see it again? That's what you need to do. It's like watch it. That was about a 12. Twisting and his old man is really good with James Franco and Sofia. See, he would say the lovely Sofia. The lovely James Franco and the marginal Sofia. He's reading out or something. You got another one. I'm very tired. There you go. Well, no, see the one guy that evil do her. They're most evil do her. They're like evil doers but the turncoat. He looks just like Ron Silver. That's perfect because we can't stand Ron Silver. What's his story? He's been a right winger in a self-hating Jew. He's a Scientologist too. Ron Silver, I don't know. He's an A. He's almost as obnoxious as that Ben Ginsberg. The right wing attorney with a red face that they're always trying to debate. Ben Ginsberg, oh my god. Only 25% in pull or through to the Congress. This is, now here's the New York Times. Let's see, what pull is his New York Times CBS. Look at this, a footnote. This is Katie Isdwap and Lecherach. With barely seven weeks until the midterm elections Americans have an overwhelming negative view of the Republican controlled Congress. With substantial majority saying that they disapprove of the job. It's doing a meta-smembers do not deserve re-election according to the latest New York Times CBS News poll. And unlike these other polls like Gallup, who of course is a right-winger, the Republican. Little Harris is a Democrat and Georgia Gallup or Frank Gallup, whatever it is, they have a name. Frank Gallup is on Lights out. Is a Republican or this is pulling, I think he's dead. The best aim for Congress is as intensive as Ben since 1994 when Republicans captured 52 seats to end 40 years in a Democratic controlled the House and we took the Senate as well. It outlines the challenge of the Republican Party faces and trying to hold on to power in the face of a surge of anti-improvement and spite of the next to do it the very, very weak, weak, Democratic Party, very, very weak, weak, weak like Al Martino said in the Godfather. My voice is weak, weak, and we say the Democratic Party. You can't talk a man! You can't talk a man! But for all the clear dissatisfaction with the hundred-nine Congress, 39% of respondents said their own representative deserve re-election compared with 48% who said it was time for somebody new. Like Clay Shaw, get him out of there, go buy Clay. Get lost. What is more seems highly unlikely Democrats will experience a sweep similar to the one Republicans experienced in 1994, most analysts judge only about 40 how seats to be in play at the moment as their name is would say in play. Thus, bucksman, they sure can't play. Compared with over-handed dolphins, man, they really can't play. Oh, and I need to move each other. Compared with over-hundred seats in play at this point 12 years ago, in large part because we district-increated more safe seats for both parties real scam. The full also found that President Bush had not approved his own or his party standing through his intense campaign of speeches and events and dog and polishos surrounding the fifth anniversary of 9-11. The speeches were at the heart of a Republican strategy to thrust national security to the forefront in the fall of elections. In other words, the bottom line of their strategy is... Be afraid. Be very afraid. Right. Mr. Bush's job before we're ready was still 37% of the pool of virtually unchanged from last time CBS News full of August. So one like those other pools always make it a little uptake, yeah, uptake my ass. On the issue that had been a ballwork from Mr. Bush 54% said the approved of the way he was managing the effort to combat terrorist to get again unchanged from last month. Republicans continue to hold a slight age over Democrats, in which party was better dealing with terrorism though that age didn't gross since last month's full despite Mr. Bush's flurry of speeches. A national security included one from the overall office of 9-11. The time CBS News full found a slight increase in the percentage of Americans who said they approved of the way Mr. Bush and handle the war in Iraq. Well, that must be big by since the going so well. Up to 36% from the percent. The results also suggest after bottoming off the spring his approval ratings on the economy informed policy returned to the levels about a year ago both at a migra 37%. Wow. Across the board the pool found Mark doesn't channel with Congress highlighting the opportunity Democrats see to make the argument for a change in leadership. And once striking findings 77% of each fund is a fully 65% of Republicans said most members of Congress had not done a good job. Not good enough to zero election was time for some new people's. That's the highest number of voters saying it's time for new people since the fall of 94. In the fall 50% said it was supported Democrat in the fall of Congress elections compared to a 35% of the city supported Republican. I like that. And of course anybody with a brain said, hub mall injury. You know, all a bunch of hooks and gankers in the confidence and what's going on. Why are they stealing our money? What are they doing with our money? Oh, here's what says Sean Penn will be now. Is this all it hangs man? Okay, yes. See our target while we're moving in 10 to 10000 sure we're lucky to click 2015 votes at night even 11 o'clock 10 15 baby at 10 40. I like that whichever time you like better 10 15 we like 10 40 better because we get a personer. In fact, we like even 12 40. The biggest thing. So fast. Now sleepers. This is your Roger S. For 30. For the 60. You a M. Hey man. Hey, who's this? It's a Jeff. Hey, I was in your restaurant and it's about like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up. G. Yo. Get it? No. Okay. Roger, speaking of like, please catering harder. Hey, Richard. Yeah. I was in your restaurant. My wife and I and she was commenting as I was then it smelled like up dog. Like, what? Up dog. What is up dog? No, what's up with you, G? Get it? Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. What's up with you, G? Yeah, hi, a gazintai. Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What's up dog? Up dog. And not much. What's up with you, G? There was a dog. Was everything dog? Yeah, I was no. I'm BC. What, where you one? Your place smelled like up dog. Okay. Bye. Get it? Ha ha. What's up? Yeah, hey, how are you? How was your place and it smelled like up dog? What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you, G? Get it? Richard, Francis, an emergency airlines just touched three billion dollars to help by global warming and bubble stand-in behind them there in the stage. And what about the doctors? His never should drive for surgery. I mean, somebody looks like a train. I don't know. I don't know. Who is that? An endless, endless, so-so men. Have you heard of him? You're watching a drop in the Spanish soap, while I'm out. Watch where you'd come. Are you out there right there? I came up with a solution for all the problems in the world. You know what it is? The best tactic. Some very brave American is going to kidnap Wolf Blitzkrieg. There are put him in a dungeon and they're going to force feed him, trif. Ooh, they're going to force feed him when these bacon triple cheese burgers. Half a dozen of them. Right on Russia, Sean. That's what I mean. How can I get involved in that project? The mums are bastard, he is man. He's on a, well, what are they keep putting him on? Or like he's some kind of an objective. It's one thing to be on that stupid, uh, show it his, you know. And the situation room and the pathetic situation room, how will Blitzkrieg? Yeah. But then they put him on or some panel. I forget who he was on with. Your buddy, uh, low me $50 a night. And well, the Republicans are very good. They're wonderful at getting out the vote. They're above. Yeah. He's got a set so far up the roof. And the renewal con asked me. And they'll take a, it'll take a, a party of eight to give it out there. Forget about party or five. Now, I did order freaks and geeks, uh, from Amazon. It's going to be here in a day or two. I. And you'd even know about it. You know what it was. I had heard about it when it was on every word about it. It was not one season and it'd be. Yeah. It must have been really good then. Well, I'll take it once again. I am D.B. The kids liked it anyway. And Jen Franco was in it. He played Danny DeSaria. So the old people like it. It only means not got nine point five out of ten out of eight hundred and forty seven votes. When the last time you saw a show or a movie together, a number like that, do you ever see a show? No, I guess I have. You ever hear of it? Yeah. Freaks and geeks. T.B. show about two unique groups of team age using what like an high school during the eighties. And James Franco is in. That's good enough for me. It's all I care about. Because that's ninety nine and seven years ago. He'd been like, uh, twenty one. He would have worked really good then, you know. You faggot. That's right. You betcha. So that's on the way. Let's see before we get to the table. It's what there. There is some heavy duty stuff in the table. It's not Tom's baby. Steve or when autopsy shocker would really kill them. I told you it was John Markar. Farm shall new book died and knew who fathered Harry. And you know something. And I said anybody cares in America. And we don't care about any of them. Bruno's idiots. Those Nazis. But the fact that the matter is they got the Harry's. He's really incredibly ugly. And then again, so is that whole family. But they got the picture. Oh, there's John for a little swoosh in that guy. And a flame. But he looks like, uh, what was that guy's name? He could do it. Not fast to you. It's the guy that Diana was doing. Remember that? Well, I need what we'll get to know. Oh, you both. The globe and the inquiry. The day Harry went for a surf White House. Exorcism. Ha ha ha. There's some beautiful stuff in here. But health authorities hunting the source of a nation might equal. I outbreak our focusing on 9 California farms after discovering what could be a crucial clue. And open bag of spinach. Oh, my God. Left in a refrigerator. Someone's sick and buy the bacteria. I do like that. An open bag of spinach. I think they tried and love spinach for it. You use it in a lot of things. You ever have spinach? It'll wrap you away. Yeah. Mm. Or you don't like spinach? We've been through this for a while. Yeah. The bag of tainted tool may be spinach. It's dull. Uh oh. You're never going to advertise on this station. Believe me. So we can rip them and ask. And of course, it's, you know, anybody's got the same name as Bob do. We're not too fond of it. Hey, they. But when you see that, uh, you know, so few was all grossed out when the king took off that, uh, phony hand, you know, Josh, you do remember that, don't you? Nope. See, you know, you didn't see this movie. Right. Yeah. And he saved. He saved Tristan as a young kid. And he had his hands sliced off. And he reached in there. He had come out of that thing. And he had a phony hand. You don't remember that? No. I don't. And on their wedding night, uh, he said, Do you remember, you know, maybe you can accept me even though I'm not whole. And see, see, I got a surprise for you. And he said, yeah, that was what I was hoping. But anyway, when you stopped, the bag of tainted dual baby spinnuses, the smoking done that's allowed investigators to zero in on three counties and California's greater saline's valley. So Dr. Mark Horton, the mammography of rated Tim Horton's. Official said consumer should need bags, finished even as they closed in the sources of the bacteria. And it's likely somewhere in Monterey, San Bernardo or Santa Clara counties, California. That's where a lot of the evil stuff comes. The West Coast usually Arizona or places like that. In fact, the first case of this crowd was in New Mexico. Ever been in New Mexico? No. I've driven through it. I don't know. Thank you. I'll opt out there. Why not? I want to drive through the, the, the, Hold Mexico. No. New Mexico. And I talk about the people I'm talking about the close of that scenery and the mountains. The colors are viewed in a summer time, it's just incredible driving. And that way, the California. I don't want to go out there and see. I'll be out. Albuquerque. Yeah, you've been here. No, that's what there's aliens just took the lady and blew that. Well, that's right. They're running away and Brian. I guess I have to play that. I don't want to play. You want to play that? I don't want to hear it again. Oh, we'll be. Anyway, here's the, I don't, I ever do this pull or not. This one here that we're talking about today. Yeah, I don't think so. Did you, did you add? I hate this pull. Oh, you did. We got 13 already. See how that goes to that. That's where we had a thousand and 42. We're going to be close to 1100 votes by 1100 clock. And then maybe we'll be close to 1200 by 12. And then by one clock, we'll have one vote. What do you mean, see the way this works? That's sure was a sports show man. When he started Ramba, I wish he wouldn't pot that up so early. You know, it could be, it was our like, Tell me something good. What? We potted up at four till today. Well, that's too soon. What? Two afters? That sounds better to say. That would be. At least I wouldn't hear that. Man is that depressing. Oh, yeah. We got to talk a lot more about high school football. My ass. Are you people crazy? This is South Florida. This is supposed to be a major market. That's something like like, is you even New York, Canada, England, New York, where we're worried about the Canada, they will redskins or whatever it'll be. Who cares? Jesus, man. Stop with a narrow casting. Talk to the broad audience. Talk to some broads. Yeah. Or about some broads. Right. There you go. Talk about some big boobs. You said the one that play games and takes showers together. Sounds awfully, awfully. Yeah. To me. In fact, you notice that seems to be their big topic I know now. They are big things you gave. Very obsessed with that. I think people like, well, let's get to this pole. That's not an attack. It ties right in. I know all I need to know about somebody if they vote Republican 379. Leave O.J.s innocent 170. They're not the Holocaust 1.53. Like, off my knee in the jaw. Pome school, their kids 101 are just like Santa and off my knee in the jaw. I'm going to play. They just said it was exaggerated. How big you are in that interview, remember? Yeah. He just said, but I'm not allowed to pick it up. He said, well, he said, well, all the other. There were six right men in people killed. What she does have some kind of a point. But he's a virulent anti-Semma Jewel. Can I understand that? But he's got reasons. Where will it just have your 97? Speak with a list 38. That tells me a lot. Look at the sports sock 33. What if they listen to sports sock and talk with a list? But do you say that? You're fairy. Watch the view 28. But I take a dim view of that. Call radio. Call radio. Talk to you. You have to worry about that. Do not call this one. Not one. I'm on. Only one Georgia's on. Although Josh does take calls off here. So, you know, I hate this pull 13 and vote if they vote for Ralph Later. We know 11. We know that. No sense. No feeling. 153 votes. Not too bad. Not too shabby. Yeah, I think who's going to take that assignment to kidnaps old Looks great. And lock him up somewhere. He is the anti-Christ. He's evil incarnate as Howard Beale was there. Who said that? Who did say was a line from that work? But who the hell said that? Evil incarnate. Are you sure about that? Maybe it was Lorraine Dodds. Now Lorraine Dodds was a badass comia. There you go. Yeah. Not too pink though. She was good. Well, everybody in the movie was good, but Josh didn't like it. You know what I want to say? Can't we get you to watch it again and say it takes a note of it? Stop it. I like to message it to the movie. No, but, but, but, can't. How far did the movie do you want to buy ten minutes? I was mad at him. I was mad at him. I was mad at him. I was mad at him. Oh, all over the world people are opening up the windows and yelling that out there. Even though it's a little delayed reaction, you know? But they should be. The amount of years later it is. But, turn to me. I'm pretty sure it was 76. One of them I'm wrong about that was 72. All day long we're going to be Googling movies on here. This is pretty exciting. I like IMDB. A lot. Say very useful resource. Yeah, absolutely. I agree with that. Absolutely. Now let's see what am I looking for? Network just the year. See what gets in his first. Of course I would all depend on who's got the fastest computer. Nineteen 76, like I said. See how fast this baby is? I would do it. I would do it. I would get to one of these computers if you want. If you thought it wouldn't be valuable. As much as I would hate to turn down the offer of a nice new, stupid computer. The problem here is the connection. There's nothing wrong with this computer. Hopefully after I paid for a 250 gig hard drive to stick in here. So I got a lot of music. Oh my God. Wow. Oh well. And the aspect from my QA from BZ Broadcast. I think it's going to give us like our own exclusive line on there. Right. That's all I expect. Right. And that's right. Very well said. Right down the moment. The 1056 on Thursday, September 21, 2006. George stuck it right where belongs man. That's all we expect is a paycheck. Nothing more. Nothing less. The feast name. So best tell us. If I saw a real Roger. It's a 4-squidio 5-60. You a M. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your blame. We should think it's going to be any questions. They're back. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll the stars your band. It's Roger. Shut up. With their latest hits album. Stop hop at the synagogue. My brother. I'm back and go to the business of BZ. I'm back. Yes. Roger. I'm back. Yes. Roger. I'm back. Yes. Roger. I'm on my as reform to bring you 12. Coacher cuts up. Hop at me, bro. I just. Let's go. I'm back. We isn't good. I thought you. This album should be in every OS of that rocker's collection. Rolling stone just as five stars of David. And I will never never know who wrote the book of Jones. Stop hop at the synagogue. Two from Russia. Shut up. A little record source. We'll talk twice when you get here. So pass over to this album. It's 11. I'll take it one thing. I sure like Walmart. Better than we ever did before. Really? Wait to hear this. Even though there are even a mistake. Their testicles and tentacles in the every place they can. Walmart and us today. Only seconds ago. I just in fact the paper is still hot in my hand. That it will start a test program in Florida. Where it will sell generic prescription drugs for four dollars for a 30 days apply. Not third man. The test will start tomorrow on 65 tenth of area stores. And is to expand to the entire state 5 January. In a statement, CEO Lee Scott says the world's largest retail and tends to take the program to as many states as possible next year. On average, zero drugs tend to cost between 10 and 30 dollars for a month long supply. The world's biggest retailer said it will test the program in Florida. That will make 291 generic drugs available. Which are used to treat a variety of conditions from allergies to a high blood pressure. For only four dollars per prescription for up to a 30 day supply. It will also be available to be uninsured. The group will be launched on Friday at 65 Walmart neighborhood mall. I will have a market and send a mistake again. 65 Walmart neighborhood market and SAMS hub pharmacies in the 10th of area in Florida. And expanded to be in the entire state of Florida in January. The company said it plans to take the program to as many states as possible next year. They are sweeping the world. They are going to extract air-vepe time, air-vepe penny, air-vee shickle from your pocket. They are going to reach into your pocket and go to the long probe above. And get air-vee thing you got. I was ready to give everything I got in the hallway until I finally stopped at fire alarms. And I was driving me wacko. That's got to be the longest one they've ever run. Just to piss me off, I'm sure. Each day in our pharmacies we see customers struggle with the cost of prescription drugs at Walmart CEO ATLY Scott Jr. in a statement. No relation to a ray-fisher Jr. By cutting the cost of many generous to $4 or any low-mire Jr. By cutting the cost of many generous to $4, we're helping to ensure that our customers and associates get the medicines they need and a price they can afford. The initiative will be the fourth time since last October that Walmart has moved to improve health benefits. I was on a kissing their ass. We don't want to do that. About the unions and it went and carried out any of the rest of that. We already know that. We covered it with a blanket. But this thing is kind of interesting. Don't take what that drug thing. Yeah, 291 generous drugs, 4 bucks for 30 days supply. I like their kind of one. What's your scam? Is that what you're going to say? No, no, I'd like to find out what the 291 drugs are. At least the ones that I take around. Because some of them are expensive as hell. Like, I guarantee that's not going to be under for 4 bucks for 30 pills. Do you have a lot of costs to like 100 platyvics? Or maybe a hundred they give you like 90. About 300 bucks. You following that? Uh huh. Uh huh. That's steep. Yeah, steep. steep my ass. And we'll see. We'll have some lunch. Bill or Rally's death wish. Oh, oh. Bill or Rally? Well, let's grant him his wish. What do you say? There's often a hedgehog holding a news conference if you win. I did it again. We will definitely monitor this. I'll still leave. We don't want to put it on the ear because he might say something that my own business and says I'm under the learn how to say his name. Is it off my agenda dad? No dad. Daddy. So 1077 on the pool will have 1100 in a shake. Two shakes of a landstain. I wouldn't go home. Bill or Rally may be the most fervent flag waiver on cable. A paper to believes in torturing terrorists and profiling all musms. But does that enough to get interrogated by al Qaeda this asked? And what is this on? This is on code or radar online. The loophiliving fox news host is raising plenty of eyebrows around the office after telling Barbara while on interview with ABC's 2020. That the FBI came in and warned me in a few other people of fox news. And I'll kind of had this on a deaf list. I'll tell you. She's another one. She has no business ever having been on the view. She is pathetic. She makes me hate my ears. She's now horrendous speech defense. She's got nothing to say to any of she's just like idiots. If you look for them, you can't even look for them. Yeah. The loophiliving fox news host that's a Rally again is raising 20 eyebrows around the office every day and telling Barbara that the FBI came in and warned me in a few other people of fox news. The kind of had us on a deaf list. Oh, man. He must be sure in some arushist dash. Talk about hallucinating. Orion describes the experiences well as other violent threats he says he's received from various coos as disconserting. But the reaction from some of his colleagues sounds more like this belief. I've never heard that before since of course, Bonnet for Fox News, who let it need a heat or anyone who's spoken to with an hour's been warned by the FBI. I do know that the government has warned Fox about threats in the past, but I don't think they involved specific people. Said this and I'm anonymous person. A high level executive and other cable news channel was less circumspect. That sounds like absolute volcement to me. It's typical a while he says. We've never received any similar warnings from the FBI or any other government agency. And we've done 20 reporting to piss off in line. Scores people at CBS News and ABC also said that networks did not receive warnings. It's only Bill O'Rally, baby. Asked about a while he's claimed Fox News reaction was equally kind of founding. Media relations director Lea Yoon repeatedly insisted that never had nothing to say because a while as interview was being aired on ABC. We should be the showering the burden of somebody saying something else in some other network. In other words, ask them and Cox O'Hoyce. Guess what? Mafriya was born in. I don't know. Atober. Yoon. Anyways, there's a Mark Moore off Medina John. I'm like, did it, Jack? Yeah, man. I got that. I'm a ninja. Yeah. See if he said over and over again. People are hiring me to your dinner, Jack. I'm running to Jack. I'm running to Jack. I'm running to Jack. I'm running to Jack. Go to Coznya, get your foot at congratulate him. He's really good to think about this. Oh! Moi, the jazz. Echoing Megahey. Junior. Wide sword. We never saw a great train. We want poison to the poor. They're fishy, egg and onion. Okay, here's the globalian quired this week. They are hot, man. I'm going to go through trade by page. I want to share. First there's a picture down in dirty Prince William who is really anxious. He's got the same big ears in the donkey teeth as daddy. Nice to roll around in the mud and crust shells. Had a grubby ballad vacationing the Spansha, with girlfriend Kate Middleton. Do you know who Kate Middleton is? No. Oh, Jared, you remember I was asking about Jared Lee to the other day? Well, there he is dressed up in kind of a vampire outfit with a... For his beard? Yeah, and a band. Jared Lee to the front man for 30 seconds to Mars. Not 30 men. Literally, grams of piece of cake while celebrating the banks record a beautiful life. Going gold on its first anniversary. And they got like a make believe gold record in the middle of the cake. So I was just asking about Jared Lee to the other day asking each other. All landy graphics fight for life. 80 year old star rushed to ICU and pretty band shape. And let's see, I'm looking at my 50s. Good neighbors. Jim neighbor, she's dead, right? I don't know. Oh, better Google's him neighbors. But you got some neighbors who I did. Yeah. I did. Oh, don't know. He just croaked. Who's the little kid? Who's the little kid on that show? That wasn't Ronnie, uh, what is his name? Yes, Howard. Ronnie Howard. Ope. Oh, he just has ugly advantages he is now. And Andy Griffith, though they are. He's a lot. He's going to be a new morning show. He's a new morning show. He's still alive. Jim neighbors. Well, Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. You'll be real excited. I know I was. Somebody like a lot. Not the. Kristen. What's the name? Jim. Frank. Oh, I got to find out a little bit more about his background. He's Jewish, though. I told you that. It tells me one of the most important things I need to know. Anyway, I don't care about baby number two. That's just, you know, Michael Jackson's got to also. Uh, D.Y. D.Y. is the party over for Paris. We can only hope so. Let's see. Who's hot? We got Martin Schene and who's not Pamela Anderson. That's good news to you since you hate her like poison. The bucks and bombshell at Mitchie Spins are whopping $9,000 a day on makeup. What a wasted. It says. Oh, yeah. Gordon is tough and don't help sweetheart. Oh, man. Kelly Clarkson. The American Idol winner sold her $60,000 hot pink Mustang convertible after learning that in a adult film star had the exact same model. Grow up, Kelly. It says. Let's see. Today stars abuse or deal murder. Fierre. What if she was abused by Matt Lauer? Or maybe the one the the weather guy, which is named the black fat. The one who's smoking along. He's he's high step in it in that promo. Oh, here it is. Diana didn't know who fathered Harry. Tell me Diana was sleeping around when she was married to such a prestigious fine looking queen amin the prince. I'm got to use for you know, I don't care what anybody says. Everybody's entitled to her own opinions just that usually they're wrong. Diana. I have seen. It's a wonderful based on. Right. She for right in with that family of her. She faced buck tooth. Goop balls. She for right in her. She was you, man. She was much into about nothing. I mean. Anyway, so you know like the son he looks like William from a distance looks really good. But then he get a little bit closer. Oh, that's a Charles Oliver again with the ears and the teeth. Prince Harry, you know, he's the kind of like orange headed goofy one. Yeah, yeah, the real ready red complexion. It says. Princess Diana never knew for sure who fathers her son Harry. That's the shocking revelation. We're a lot of Nicholas Davies makes him his black question new book. Diana the killing of a princess. I'll get back to you. Diana Davies reveals that Diana began a passionate affair with dancing British army officer James Hewitt in 83 James Hewitt. Did he do it? A year before she got pregnant with Harry and then they got the pictures here and I got news for her. He looks to help a lot more like James Hewitt. He does like Charlie, which is thank God for that for him. Wow. He's got the same face. That prince Charles man. I'm got news for him. When they invented the word me, they had him in mind. He is. And of course, another donkey tooth is the way Camilla. Oh yeah. They all got to there. They're all the same jeans man. A paste the in bread brits. Yes, that's correct. Only Charles a few close friends in the world protection police were aware that Diana was who it's lover before Harry's birth. And the reality is going to baby. She isn't sure who is Harry's father. In her hearts, you wanted to be hewitt and suspected was more likely to be in her husband. Their relationship and development way full blown sexual relationship. She was probably the same as before. She discovered she was pregnant. But at the same time, she was still sleeping with Charles. Ah, that would be like a as old as ever when I think of a beast looking guy. I saw that in the movie and I thought to myself, the beast has got a white. The beast named. Oh, best talent. The beast. The beast. The beast. For Shredio 560. Yeah. Wait a minute, sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no, no pressure. Just don't get in that Mercedes. Princess, I would beg and please pop a roti's coming after you. You got a crash if you will love. No rich guy for you. Princess, I is gone. Princess, I is gone. She's really going into a tunnel. Hello, one. I am Mary, the Hitler boy. Mary, the Hitler boy. I like to think of a new, a boy with a swastika. On each arm now, everyone does an every, every. As a bloody thing, any joy. Oh, oh, I'm a naughty, print, some, Harry. Harry's a Hitler boy. Second birth, even this birth. I'm Mary, the Hitler boy. Harry's a Hitler boy. Went to party in a big round shirt. And now the family name is heard by dad. And sad, I'm a brilliant, well-heeled. We wouldn't want to leave in the table. Just watch it on the throne, I'm Mary. Harry's a Hitler boy. Harry's a Hitler boy. Harry's a Hitler boy. Harry's a Hitler boy. Harry's a Hitler boy. Just trying to get in touch with his German roots. That's all. What's wrong? It's 11.19. It's 16.20. It's been a month. I studied your body after my dean of job. I did the Iranian government. Yeah. Okay. I can't even express because I want to get through all this tambourist stuff. Yeah, that's person. Now, in the series, this is just came in. How often he newswires from the QM news department. Oh, right. It's our spot. Oh, God. Not today lied to me or anything like that. You understand? Did they? Well, not they. Somebody. I see. Joe Mama. Joe, somebody. A group of young boys attacked a homeless man who was sitting on a bench at Estle on Park last night. And 15 serious injuries. Here we go again. It's like a hobby now in the road. It was the second attack on helpless homeless people at the park by eight months. Today, Sean Canone. Oh, no. A spokesman put a homeless voice. A real, ruined and a news release that for a lot of days going to be known as the hate crimes capital of the USA. Florida will once again be the most dangerous state for homeless people in the US. The express that he puts keeps putting them out there in street corners. Homeless advocates plan to alert the homeless to possible danger by passing out flyers and talking then later this afternoon. I want to be still living in that big expensive house. Sean Canone. We can deal theaters 44. Oh, you can't say theaters on the air. As in nice theaters. Huh? About nice theaters. We didn't deal theaters 44 was to have several times video with so bloody investigators couldn't immediately tell the extent of his injuries. Said Katherine Collins police folks woman in the relationship Joe Collins from her first basement of the Yankees. Teachers was initially identified as William previous by police late yesterday. They actually happened around 930 last night. And the 400 block of Southwest Second Street. Not a good hood. Peters told officers he was reading a book on one before boys on bicycles punched them in the face. One of the is cut him in a head with a knife. When teachers ran the boys chased him and he was stabbed in the upper back. It seems like he tried to defend himself and was cut Collins. He did have some serious gansions. The slash open up his forehead. Sounds like something from Tristan and his old. And by the way, it's not his old. Okay. I hate to break them in. Maybe he's old. But not his old. Isldee. Yeah. Tristan. It was treated to probably general medical center released around 930 this morning. The hunt is on for the boys involved in the attack police think all the boys would be between the ages of 12 and 15. And out of the murdered they ought to be executed right on national TV. That would get Katie some numbers on the Katie Curse CBS news. I would even turn over to watch that. I pulled a switch. I'd fire the shots. Established on park was a scene of a fatal homeless beating on January 12th that struck the country as I'm sure you'll be caught. Unless you've been hiding in a cave somewhere. Like Tristan and his old. And he was hiding in the cave. Noris Gainer 45 was beaten to death by three teens who police had attacked two other homeless men at same night. Well, we know that. Anyway, when information on this latest attack is asked to call crime staffers at 9-5-4-4-9-3-4-9-3-6. And those kids ought to be like horsewips and try to uphold post-mlight everybody beat the crap out of with a baseball bat and then are executed on TV. What's ever left of them? Get back to Diane. I've just briefly because I know nobody cares about her and her donkey teeth. Who? Ever since Diane died in Paris, tunnel nine years ago, and nine years, wow. Rumors of Swirl that she was wearing an engagement ring given to her by Dolly Feier, fueling speculation that she was murdered because she was going to marry him. But Diane is from her mother Palmer Railway. She was indeed wearing Feier's ring, but it was on her right hand and they were not going to get married. She made a clear list was not an engagement ring. He says in his new book on Diane the way we were. Although we were, which is a good lead into that picture of a bad stricine. Seriously, when you see this, you will thank me profusely for turning one of this issue of inquiry. You have never, and she was beautiful compared to a fairest fall set. The world says that fire had shoured, which is nice for a guy from the Middle East. Oh, I see. Shower died with romantic gifts, but she fredded about what my come next. What do I do, Paul? Oh, it's not her. Oh, please. No, please. Oh, not air of Russia's shana. Get her out of here. Is it? What? This weekend is a dude new year, man. You better start learning your juhali. Is that how I had you educated? Or had that calendar, but it's out of date. I haven't gotten a new one. Well, how about the regular pedestrian counter on the wall? And it's clear over in the other room. I can't read that. What is it saying? If you actually look at Saturday, what does it say? To the state of Russia, Shana, no? Besides the 20. Yes, it does. Russia, Shana. Where do you go? So I'm assuming that means it's tomorrow night of Sunday. Is that correct? I'm not going to ask you. I'm going to ask you. I'm going to ask you. Well, it could be centered. And I could be Shama separate car. I don't know. I don't know. And I don't care to be very honest. How can you say that? Can't you be a little more? You and please. You might have been so as she couldn't care less. Even when she was alive. Liza, Lisa, Lisa, Liza, Lida divorced battle turns even uglier. Even uglier than she is, which is saying a lot. Now, what's her husband, David, G.E.S.T. Is that just guest, guest, gay? I could have guessed myself. But the already nasty, the one who, and who, which of course, no who is he? Concert promoter. There you go. The nasty divorce between Liza and Concert promoter, David, G.S.T.S.T. is saying another vicious down and dirty, turn a 60-year-old stage in screen star. Now, accuses her of screen, tubby of trying to poison her and guess 53 is blasted back. Charging that Liza had sexually transmitted disease, but hit her from him. Ah, or she highters of a year-prime? Or she highted. Right, though. In papers filed the man, Hattens Supreme Court lies at claims that she was living in fear while she and G.S.T. together. Terrify that he was trying to poison her with drugs. But, yes, who previously claimed the Oscar-winning, when it repeatedly battered him, accused of her of hiding her S.T.D. her piece of simplex from him until while after they tied the knot. And sometimes, give you a knot. Like on your lip. He claims the Earth somewhere else. Here, claims he only thought out about it six months after they wed. Now, guests attorneys are demanding that Liza reveal a wedding how she became infected, and they planned to make her medical condition issue in the bitter divorce. Right. And her piece before they wed March 2002 that would be a fraud, and their prenapped could be thrown out on Twitter. They're not having sex with sick of these people. Of course not. She's not going to fag any way. Just like her mother was, right? Let's see. Furgy, we don't care about Furgy. We don't care about Mariah Carey. Here is it. When you're going to love this one, guarantee it. All right. I'm telling you, seriously, I know a lot of people laugh at this stuff, but everybody, and even have more day care about this stuff. And the more fascinating, they fight it, the more they deny it and lie about it. And that's why I'm incorporating it into my new format for the show. A lot of this stuff. Sports? Yeah. Anything but sports. High school football. Seriously. I don't think I'll ever recover from it. I'm talking to you. We should talk a lot more. No, you should not. Please. I'm also going to some how looking quarterback on one of the teams that I want to hear about. But other than that, forget about it. Jesus, God. You're fair, man. Oh, it's about Larry King's underwell. Get to it after the break. Put it where he leaves. Ah, I thought he wore it. Dependent. Blue ones though. 1126 and a full. We might be dancing with 1200 by 12 noon. And I predict that. Dancing with wolves with wolf. The screen. It's trade wolf. It's trades. They're trading up your food for the jiu-hala today. He's hunting like that. You is really 11 phony, valonic. You bush-loven piece of turue. You're right wing, phony, Zionist maniac. I like the stick his ass in a caboots in the rest of men jail somewhere. Off my den is you're I'd said. There's nuclear programs. 27 after the RQM we got the mad dog coming up at two o'clock. Have you ever felt a moment you've paid for something? Is the moment the store stops carrying and says, good luck to you. Goodbye. Dialometres always at their best after you buy your new mattress. Like I've been doing for years, what you want to do with the old mattress is lumpy and worn out and just had it. Just call 1-800 mattress. That's all it takes is that one easy call. Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores. And dialometres offers you 12 months financing too. They're holding the all the way around with so spectacitor. You'd have to be a moron to buy mattress any place or any other way. Call 1-800 mattress. You'll get the lowest prices on the best brands. Do not any off-brand goes to nobody ever heard of but the best in the universe like Seely and sur'd a king coil Simmons, temperating and stirrens and foster hewit. I wonder if he's kidding at what was the guy's name? Who? Bill. Diana's buddy. Dialometres also delivers a 99.7% on time delivery rate. You choose the date and time you want that new mattress delivered seven days a week from the end of the 10th year. You pick it to our window and they hop right through it through their on time every time. Even the same day that you call as matter. Fact if you call right now you could be sleeping and comfort like a baby tonight and for years to come. After care is one of the major reasons why dialometres continues to be ranked number one of customer satisfaction as they've been for years. So if you need that new mattress for you or maybe from the college kids or anybody else just make that easy call call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES because you need the last day of soft stands for stupidest sense sexual savings. The biggest name of self-best talent is the basis for your Rogers Sports Radio 560-2AM. This is what I'm going to offer. Have you come back often Larry King? Will you accept the charges? No. There's something terrifying not a superhero 1-21. This is your captain. Sit back relax and enjoy the live and find out. Once next on a plane, selling something worth of Jacksonman. There's no, there's no, not at it with the love. No, that is on this mother plane. Oh, man, since you're captain again, we're afraid we can make an emergency landing. Tony contains from all the animals of your country. This is our terror assigned in service in the space in search of scars. What's next? Oh, my God! Oh no! Don't play that in the morning! You want me to first get off? I've been here for a while. I've You at the Musharof. They try to kill me,lier. Several sunhogs, and I've you I've really miss you. You have yourvicle son. Didn't you? They're talking to me and been saying that until him is forced for the truth. I said that was what happened yesterday. Ladies and gentlemen, that's what's going well over the world. This is before the movie. I'll start with the Mario &maker. It's four o'clock. He's been come to an end. Emily died two hundred thousand years ago, he's been through brainwashing. on citizen thysion and George Chinaman. Are you just never got a probably. For some of those phantom emails, you know, that people say this and see that, that starts getting you, you're making your paranoid like gaslight, you know? Like did I read the day? We'd be sending the email, it just didn't come through or they just mess with my mind. And it goes both ways, like did I really send that email? Or no, no, well, that could be. I know all I need to know about somebody if they vote Republican 401. Operator. We would, with the, with the, okay, the action is set to bring him justice. But Republican 403, believe O.J. is innocent 195. Oh, yeah, we know about that. Tonight the Holocaust 168, like, I think even you had. Others pervert were sheriff. Every for the way everything happened. Yeah, he was. He said, home school for their kids at 111. Where were religious 10 year 101 strange schmattas? Speak with a lift 40. Listen to sports talk 35. That tells me a lot. The more they listen, the more it tells me. Watch the view 33. Call radio talk shows 31. I hate this pool 20. Only 1.7% you're right. It is a great pool. See Sean knows his pool's man and you're a dissent. And votes for laughs me a brush well. Only it does. No, he never got it. Sean, no feel bad about it. He probably smicked it. Mm, this is it. Oh, 1150. Can I do the lyric king thing about his underwear? Yeah. I mean, I realized in the last season on the edge of my seat there. Not as important a lot of other things are going on in the world, but I don't want to get too newsy that I'll call him. You know, if you ever took any calls, which I want. Here's something CNN's liver king is unlikely to dish about on his show. The TV talker is so super-stitched that he only wears blue underwear when he flies. Turns out Larry had that cover on the first time he ever said foot on the airplane and has kept up the strange habit ever since. He wears a strange habit. Yeah, I do not know. It's worth it. He has a crash to you. Now what about cats and heres? Did she got her underwear? But is Larry only flight jet blue airlines as well? No, I heard that Larry lately's been having brown underwear. Oh, oh. Anyway, here's a picture of this. This is it. You gotta get the magazine globe to see the picture. Okay. Aussie actress Kate Blanchett and here's a picture of puffing on a bag of it. Okay. Would shade's on? All right. She honest. She was in a lot of things. She's got a powder on the road. She has a nasty nasty nasty nasty, nasty looking thing. Otherwise, she's great. I mean, so I'm on my move. He's in a Kate Blanchett as a deadrier for a young Bob Dillon and I showed the soup. Man, couldn't separate it with a crowbar. For her role in the upcoming biopic, I'm not there. Others have played legendary singer-diveries, stages of career include heat ledger, Richard Gear, oh heat ledger, Richard Gear, and Christian Bale has still in himself what's say the times there are change in one's cute. Leo de Caprio, this is this making the scene I like this. Oh, I was like, right, as late singer Ron Eisley was sentenced to three years and one month in prison for tax evasion in order to pay 3.1 million in back taxes to the IRS. The media was extravagant and gave to Sonia Nagersky. We know who she is? No. No, he does. Leo de Caprio buying pots and pans at Williams' gentleman Beverly Hills was spotted in that very domestic Leo. Now what movie is he and that's coming out? Which I think Matt Damon's in it and Jack Nicholson and Leo got top billing, which I thought was amazing. And Jack Nicholson gets third billing. There are billions like a top movie or gangster. You know, undercover cop movie or something. Actually, you're going to go to that and give me a son and answer, wasn't any good? Because then I'll go around and get it. Actually, it doesn't look that bad. But the previous. Well, I'll tell you the previous with all the Kings Van looks pretty good too. Impressive. Even though what's your name is in a Kate Winsler. Oh, he's aggressive. Nicole Kidman, a child on our straighted life to tell by dining with her parents and Morton's stay house in Vancouver. Lance Armstrong and Perish Hilton hanging out together with the key club in LA. Perish and Ford jogging on Martha's vineyard. Alyssa Milano having her hairstyle that amps the line in Vegas and here comes the best lot of all of these. Michael Bolton, belting out a few tunes that the opening of stone for stone forge restaurant in Factsboro, man. Oh, man. You know, you really made a start of when you're seeing for openings of restaurants. Like when you're a glittery to restaurant, like Larry Glick, was that what's the restaurant over there in the isograx? The forge? Not the forge is not in the sograx. The is seafood restaurant from Boston. Oh, a legal seafood, illegal, you'll see food. No comment. OJ is never paid a sedan. Murder victim Ron Goldman's dad's who's for the rights of Simpson's name and likeness. Got a real nasty looking picture OJ here, but then a Garth. They all. This grace football and great OJ Simpson beat the rap at the murder of X-Wife Nicole and Ron the friend Ron Goldman and criminal court. But goldman dad and hence to make him pay pay. Fred Goldman's covered OJ 59 with a lawsuit. And they court demanding the marketing rights to his name, image and likeness. He should have been on it a fully yesterday. How much he would have beat out to Dustin Hoffman? Well, you think? He would have done a watch on? Kill them. Goldman and Nicole's parents won a $33.5 million wrongful debt judgment against OJ and civil court in 97. But he is Dodge paying a dime. Goldman said he personally has never paid a dime on the judgment to anybody. He's made it very clear over the years. He's got no intention of doing so. That's why Greg Reed and screw in both of whom are gone by the way. What's his name? Sam. Sam is also gone. That's why they worked behind our back to make sure that they blew him in. Special. Pay for his airfare and the wind and the other. Let the radio rages go. They had a limbo form to take him to the goaltrum and then tried to put him on the air with me too on the phone. I said no way Jose. I said, I'll say it again. We'll even take the call. Special with OJ wants to call in on the show and confess to the murders. I'll put him on here. They're all the time he wants in between breaks. Still Goldman thirst for revenge against the former sports star who is a quit in the double murder. Goldman now wants OJ's right of publicity to help pay the estimated $20 million plus interest owed him in a civil suit. Quick crack in your fingers man. It'll give you arthritis. It'll give you arthritis. And OJ's got that arthritis. You should be a role model for it. He can't run so fast. You jump so high. I, maybe that's the reason that he got dumped by her. It's only because he's a murderer. Meanwhile, OJ's attorney claims his client is broke despite the fact that Jusels and the legendary home in Miami, in Kendall, and sent his two kids as violent as a cool to costly private schools. It's not a question of intentionally trying to avoid anything as he'll go to Lanter. There's no money. Right. Oh, but as Glob reported in our June 26th issue, a Rashi six-taped that appears to show OJ and a three-some-with-two women is being sold for 1995 on the Internet. OJ denies its him, but David Hans Schmidt is promoted to tape full to Glob. There's no question in my mind. The real OJ is having sex on this tape. Now in our cover 17 hearing in Santa Monica, Goldman is legal team will go out to the rights to collect for any OJ items that are marketed. Says Goldman, any pain in that gray smack can cause him is just wonderful to which we say, amen, pain, aggravation, maybe an occasional stabbing or two. The biggest name, so go back to Dallas to the faces of the O'erodges for Shreddio 560. So, the biggest name, I bet you, Artiel, that's fired from the big U and went to the University of Mississippi. I bet he got a 20-25 percent race. I'm going to give you a true story, a start-length story that last year coaches at the University of Miami-Stab made last per-position than the assistance working for George O'Larez at the University of Central Florida. Stop his rule, huh? No, I know you're out there driving the car, but now that can't be true. That is the truth. You can handle the truth. No, you can't. Throw the net on to me. Oh, what a U-560, Mr. U-A-M. Network's Creatives. Ah, Howdy, I'm, howdy THEM! Then, what they've done, They said, fired from their finishes. We shot the children on They say they're not really violent They say they're not really mean All the talkings I've made it Better than it's too sweet Better than it's too sweet What the theory says And they close no control way And act that way Maybe it's become He's from Germany He dies to shoot him with a knife And then it's just you Now they protested in cash They're all so innocent It's the profit no honor They say the folk keep paying All the more they'll be They're burning up with a cheese All the talkings I've made it Then it's just you All the talkings I've made it Then it's just you What I see road job is LD upload is a work in the US I see this bunch is again making up stories of how he fled New York after calling an L president of the devil He has led and went racing out of there. He's afraid of all those bush supporters and what they might be Anyway, he's be that as a may. Hey, Miss Fogs New Mexico paper receives threat letter random shootings to talk tomorrow question mark Intersperson with this very important story about hell reads White House Exorcism Lost cruisess to Mexico in fact wasn't John Ches making fun of the Mexico little while ago. I think I was Threat letter received by the last cruisess son and new list tomorrow As the day that random shootings will begin in the city the anonymous extortion letters State that a city official deliver a large sum of money by September 22 we leave peacefully That's tomorrow. It's even check that city official said it on copies of letter two day and hope somebody would recognize the handwriting and murder officials police within a random Lara But the set officials blacked out the deadline other details including dates and dollar figures demanded because they believe release and that information would compromise the investigation The Friday deadline coincides with a start of the whole enchilada festival one of the city's biggest yearly events the whole enchilada about 50,000 people expected to attend the three day festival You know I really do miss Taco Bell. Maybe that inspired me to go get my Taco Bell and he said pasta don't have it or not maybe I don't know I like it Lara said security will be enhanced if the event and up two and after the deadline passes police will not hesitate to reach out to whether agencies for ass systems Officials offering a 25,000 dollar reward information leading to the arrest for executive or ever sent the letters saying tomorrow They're gonna start shooting up for lost cruisers There's a Hugo handing it up with the UN Hugo Chavez. It makes a lot more sense than some people. I know like your president What's big in your present bushes top eight or today secret ritual on the White House to exercise the evil influence of Hillary Clinton is back in a globe We don't need to read the exclusive about the The quirky guy because the horse was it we are we know that if he wouldn't have pulled that that's sting around the bar It wouldn't have opened up the hole in his heart right because his heart just stopped being because all the blood was in with right and he was still maybe be alive Right, right now. Somebody should have told him I guess according to a blockbuster new book bushes most trusted divisor the anxious Volated geek Carl Rove authorized a ceremony in which a priest and a former Baptist minister tried to purge the west wing of Hillary in 2001 Oh, God, how is he like to be a fly and a wall for that? I'm a police cop and you the power of Christ to pay you the power of Christ to pay you all What's how will be that she him in the other he was in some he pretty good and he's good actor That's fun side out nice fun side out. He's great. He was mean the merciless a great no, that wasn't it the book the architect Carl Rove and he master plan for the absolute power says that it's a father father Marin I always get them confused father carrots was what's it? They were not Alice carrots the father carrots was the young priest Jumped out the window. Yeah, come and he was good. He's dead, but that interesting What was his name Jason Robards Jason something Miller okay, what a memory oh Jesus. I'm pretty sure that's a better Google it though I think what Jason Miller played father carrots and father Mary and then the point being that he was like a what about 30 years younger than Mach von C now and Max is still alive and he's a slave for the fishes father carrots. Why probably shouldn't have jumped out the window Am I right Jason Miller look at come on oh, that's where you got that's so computer. I could have done five times already The book the architect Carl Rove and the master plan for absolute power Jason Miller says that when wrote to go over to former First Ladies or a Physiatic Catholic blessing for ridden of evil spirits The secret right was arranged by deal Hudson a former Baptist minister and publisher of a conservative magazine at the time It was an actual electrical ceremony Hudson tore off his James more Wayne slater We said at a table we prayed a priest had a series of prayers including a blessing a brahaka. It was about five minutes long But it was substantial the office note that Hudson was rose right hand man for Catholic outreach in a 2000 presidential campaign and attended the ceremony I saw that since Sierra and purifying the office wouldn't be perfectly understandable with all the negativity that Hillary received during her time in the White House It was a standard sort of blessing by real hot-todd a night castle house Carl Roves like that But it hasn't seemed to have the Bush administration and close round about the plummeting pool numbers Maybe the blessing were out Hudson knows as with a smile Others hi ever tell a globe that the ceremony wasn't just a simple blessing Rove clearly saw as an exorcism to rid the office of Hillary's evil Oh, that's by reporters about the exorcism and he'll reply I'm speechless But inside or say that behind the scenes she went for a search she's ceavings as one source she thinks Bush's people are painting her some Demented soul taken over by the devil L. Diablo. No, wait over that is yeah He'll take a test. He'll tell you people really think she sits in bed rotates her head and spews out green vomit Maybe that's what turned above all little bit and got him over there with the moniker political dirty tricks are one thing But this is going too far. It says how do you fight back again something like this? It's just outrageous Hillary believes the Bush people are just trying to discredit her and she's fuming I don't know how she'll get back at them and this article says, but believe me she will Sources tell the globe that several people in the bush White House do see Hillary as the devil especially rove and he couldn't wait to get the exorcism completed Rove can't stand the cleanse especially Hillary says they source he views her as the anti-Christ She stood for everything that he hates her meddling her brashness her presumptuousness and thinking she was operating in a co-presidency with her husband He quite clearly believes the kittens like morals and family values and are the perfect example of evil in America This is one of the worst slime balls known for the worst dirty tricks and lies in Schmer and Sphere job that have ever been done and he thinks that she's evil. Yeah, talk about the pub calling the Muslims of violent. Gay star dishes on divas, root for it ever reveals who the hell is root for it ever. Got a picture from here I still know who it is. Looks like some kind of a limi bastard. He reveals his obsession with Julian Roses is that a bed Madonna His fascination with Julia Roberts sweat and his fear of mad Sharon Stone who doesn't look at day over 100 in this picture Looks like an old washerwoman. Sharon Stone is on hand as Judy Roberts sweat as intoxicating and Madonna's animal magnetism was almost too much for gay actor Rupert Ever to handle. These are just some of the stunning revelations aren't you stunned? No, is your growth been stunned at nobody you may not be stunned. In the eccentric ever revealing in his new autobiography read Carpest and other banana skins. I'm sure he's seen a few. I'll bet. The 47 year old British star who quitted Julie Andrews with his firing his turn on a homosexual path. Surprisingly, he had slings with a series of beautiful high-prout profile women including actresses Susan Serrandon and Beatrice Doll who's Beatrice Doll. I don't know some doll. And rocker Bob Gelbaugh's late wife Paula Yates. I'm mystified by my head with sexual affairs over at Miss but then I'm mystified by most of my relationships and so am I by looking at this picture. His first love was Andrews, Nephyr Cingury Poppins as Yom Charles, He began wearing one of his mom's discarded skirts all the time. Oh boy. In 86th of growing up ever fulfilled their lifelong dream by starring in a movie with Andrews, the Wed for one, where he admitted to her, I just wanted to know that because of you I was taking away Charles' psychologist. Ever was equally transformed by Madonna in a much different way. He oozes sex appeal, he writes about the mural. He oozes her and that's the right use smell of it. It didn't matter if you were gay or straight, there wasn't a man alive who wouldn't want to bet her. Oh sorry. I think there's two of us who take out Paso. By the way, he was in a movie called The Right Hand Man. Yeah, his name in the movie was Lord Harry Iron Minister. He never got to chance of doing a dinner party as Hollywood home as doghead is way with her. My puppy started to lick her, sniffing her crotch and sniffing her dress before pinning her into a chair, and humping her leg, ruining her stockings he says. It's not the first dog she did, I'll say it that. Right Dennis? Ever think he'd have a steamy on-screen sex session with Seren Stone on a different loyalty, 2004 film about the rear-lifing wish by Kim Filby and his American wife. Her body was extraordinary. He praised his beautiful hips wide shoulders, a flat stomach, shapely breast and gazelle legs, all wrapped in porcelain skin, powdered and highlighted waxed and perfume. But she scared him a silly one she confessed him over dinner she was becoming possessed by Mrs. Filby's spirit. Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha. That film went straight to DVD in the States and Everett's career never blossomed like head of a straight counterpart, Hugh Grant. Oh Jesus, but he did have one cell that hit in my best friends wedding with Julia Roberts. Julia was beautiful and tingeed with madness he says she's smell vaguely of sweat, which I thought was very sexy. In other words she don't bathe a lot. There's a male quality with the female superstar. The smell of sweat is a strange and powerful reminder, attractive and terrifying of who he's wearing the trousers. Oh brother, in his book, he bimones the corporate takeover, how they were blessing it, blasting it for bucks over everything went telly. He said I think Tom Hanks is an ice actor, but look at this stuff he's doing it's terrible. We've lost it with greed and ambition. Look at Johnny Deft doing power to the Caribbean 2 and 3 each one worse than the last. Is it Tom Cruise isn't a human being he's a machine who doesn't do films about real people and a bad machine man. And it fallen star Mel Gibson will be back he says because nobody in the entertainment industry can remember what happened the day before yesterday. I like that. I remember he jumped up on Oprah's couch and he yelled at Matt Lauer. Yeah. Speaking of John Revolta, wait till we get to that picture again. You're fairie. Once he's coming out, London 57, a few of them got mad dog and two of them don't forget that power hour time to take a shower between 4 and 5. The 60's so best talent for this video Rogers for Shwitio 560's you a.m. This is Coach Dan Schueler and I sound like Bob Hope on Assy. And I want to tell ya it's the 12th or one hour whatever it is. Hi, this is Mike Akin. Thank you for making my new single the number one song in America. Yeah. Now girls listen. Yes, we all have our moments are difficult times when our little friend comes to visit. I know what you're thinking. Pray is it true? Do you have menstrual cramps like us? Why of course I do. And that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and tank killer has asked me America's favorite DC to endorse the on you American My Dog. American My Dog. For those times you go bloated you're cramping and you feel just downright bitchy. You know when you're well you're aching. American My Dog and those by me, I aching the guy down who's finished second with that no talent Rubin stuttered and you know I still can't believe you people voted him as your American Idol. I mean I had no idea there was so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone. I mean what did all of you call from the pay phone at the on you can eat the face like I mean really. I had no idea what's going on. American My Dog. For those times when life seems a little unfair. You're fair, Mr. Rickard. 12, 3, 5, 60, W, 2, I'm happy Thursday too. It's September 21. It's the end of summer. Yeah, that. There's an official tomorrow like spring. I'm fall. Whatever it is, Susan is winner. I don't know. Speaking of a fake and the reason I play that, really from allegations that he's gay. He's really. Clay Aiken is getting a boost from President Bush. He put it like this seriously man. It's in the global. He was naming the American Idol, started away Blue Ribbon Oval Office panel. The White House is announced at the 27 year old Rawling North Carolina native has been appointed to the Friends of the ins committee for people with intellectual disabilities. While the president don't know a lot about that, it's qualified. Prior to success on the smash hit talent show where he came in second to Rubin's daughter in the second season of Idol, but as I've sold him album wise, Aiken worked as a youth counselor for a YMCA. He also made it in a special education at the University of North Carolina Shorthead, and helped found the Mobile Aiken Foundation which provides. Booble Aiken. So they thought you said, sounds like a pain in the right. Asked to me. Is your booble Aiken here? Which provides opportunities for people sticking with autism and other physical and mental challenges as you should be making a fun. The president's recognition comes as welcome news for the slender 2070 year old singer, who is images taken of beating since the former Green Brey claim in February that he had a gay round with Aiken, as if we need to have testimony about this, right? Right. Exciting man John Pallis, 38 claimed he had a 90 minute success in the Aiken and a room with the quality and hotel in Gardner, North Carolina, on January 2 after they hooked up on an internet chat room. And a Boston teacher who, who, who made anonymous, brings to a exchange raw she messages with Aiken on the gay chat site, I'm not reading the website. Clay's opening line was, hey, you're cute, sir, the teacher. And that's what I would say to a James Franco if he walked into door right now and he showed it be over. And he ran out to door real fast. So it was wrong door. Wrong room. No, I say, but like I said, you don't know what people look like and never see them in the flat. All these different pictures on there, all dark and everything. I'm serious when you see these pictures in the inquire, it may change your life forever. How are we ready for it? The man says Aiken turned on his webcam and buried his chest and butt to him. Back home. Ask. While the idle start beg for a meeting, they never got together the man said. The shocking accusations prompted a Christian group to dump Aiken from performing a show in Atlanta because we know that to certainly earn any gay Christians. The pure fashion of group that promotes the virtues of modesty and purity in our culture claims it was buried under an avalanche of Amy also in fans furious over the gay charred surrounding Aiken. Meanwhile, Aiken has repeatedly denied that he's gay. Plays the Valtlake Christians as a source of the singer. He's furious. Play feels these ugly lies come with a territory of vingus celebrity. Now it is a punitive the White House committee Aiken will advise the person on issues relating to people with intellectual disabilities and maybe able to put the gay allegations behind him. That's what it says. Just reporting the stuff, baby. Just reporting. Now we get this in choir. That was only the glow. That's the baby stuff. Okay. When you open the middle page here, Plays the Church of the Stars. When you see Barbara Strider, there's a she looks like she could pass for a mothus those grandma. Believe me. And. Here's one. Well there's a sport of him pictures. She comes out of the clinic. Plays the Church of the Church of the Church of the Church. And she's got like it says Barbara the beep keeper. She's got a hat and under it. You know the things that the beekeepers put over their face. Right. Like the last. Yeah. And not a hood like a net. She's got one of those on. And she's drinking like fruit like juice. You know juice out of a box. She's drinking a juice box with a straw through the net. Unbelievable. You just you have to see it to believe it. Then there's Christina Aguelera. And there's the original picture. And now the newer picture. She's definitely had breast implants. You went from an eight cup size to a small D. It says small V. Yeah. That's what I give her about a D minus. But fairer faucet. This is just. It says two years ago. One stunning Charlie's angel. Fairer faucet was way beyond his ancestors. Dr. Boris. This is the guy from the plastic surgery. Got her nose looked the form with a droopy tip and a bump. Now 59. She's she'll look at day over 187. Fairer has had corrective surgery along with bowtox injections. And a really good facelift that's his opinion. Her lips also look more filled in. Fairer still has throat speed around her eyes. But her hair covers any scars. Her doctor to the great job to resolve this phenomenal. Now sure. I was like about 178. Wow. Bloodshot eyes just. Oh. I mean, 59. Take it from her old fart like me. Is not that old. You know, there's some 59 year old chicks that you make them up a little bit. They look like 30. Right? Absolutely. She looks like 300 easy. But seriously, you have to see it. Then we got Ashley Simpson, which we've heard about her. Then we got your girlfriend there. You wouldn't even recognize enough. Which was a good Simpson. What about her? She's fed up to fattening her lips with rest-style lean injections. Which he's not telling the whole story. She said, worked on our nose along with likely rest-lean injections below her eyes. Definitely her nose has been thinned out. So Dr. Boris also believed that she had wrestling injections in lower eyelids to fill them up. But Jess is spokesperson tells the inquirer she's had no plaster surgery on her nose or eyelids. The only thing she's ever done is had her lips clumps. You know, like those ballpark winners. You know, they've clumped when you cook them. Yeah. She's had her lips clumped. Oh, and the good news in here is speaking her that bitch. Oh, I got a good piece of news for you. Why not view her about her for me? And that is that he took her to the cleaners. Nick? He took Jess to go to the cleaners. Of course she never had a scuba in a bag. What you know, that he took my eye and I heard that when it was going down. I say, I say, I scorn Nick. Always like him. We've been more than I like her to say to least. Actually, she looks like, um, it's not the same person in the two pictures. You want to say? She looks like a real sex pot in a new picture. But, uh, big pun. Looks like her lips have been clumped. Then here's Brad Pitt. And I'm not the guy to have been telling you that it's going to all the makeup. They put on him. Almost as much pancake makeup as whoever we were talking about yesterday. Who was it? Oh, Bill Mark. Bill Mark. Not nobody's got that much. I think they just don't can sit in there in that case. Merbocaine later. That's what we had to get rid of the crow because he was using the ball of case. Merbocaine. Bill Mark wanted it. Brad Pitt, it says it's true in 2003 when it would barely help us. It serves in office for injections of the face. Facial filler where style and we race wrinkles and smooth. The pop marks caused by acne. How about I always told you that? His face makes jeans look like a little smoothie. He makes rain look like a cubal. That's not what man. Now the new one they did a good job covered it up or filling in it. And when and also got j. Oh boy. It says, oh, Mandy. Very manlow. She is looking pretty grim. Says he's 60 but he doesn't seem to age it all. Says, and not because it could be magic. It's because it's surgery. And it's show you the two pictures and both of me looks a unbelievable old. Then his real bear more is obviously a booby lift or something because man she was saggy before. Oh yeah. Janice Dickinson. Oh, when you see this picture, it'll make it long to look back again at the other ones. Babs and what's your name? Fair of faucet. Super model turned reality show star Janice Dickinson. Fifty one. And I meant she's a plastic surgery junkie. Tommy talks, brook jobs, boat talks, faceless, fat grants, chemical peels. The mother of two has had it all. She works like she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's She's a beast. But Janice should have skipped her last lip enhancement. This is the formative beyond deformities is Dr. Boris hopefully they injected fat because if it's something more for him permanent chance may have destroyed her face. The skin on her left cheek was. Wave me fixies. I'm serious. Go out and get this. I'm out of big. But believe me get it. Then there's Martia cross which two pictures to me look the same with more lipstick. And Lindsay Loyan. Who looked better before much better than than now. She's like a cow. We've discussed that often. She's looking a lot better before. And she got the big bull. Oh boy full sea cup. Yeah. Here's me a cup plate of cooking at it. A listen a lot of. I don't know. You know, I don't see anything that she's older. That's all bigger bull. Yeah. And they call that Sheridan. What? She's a good one. Here's a go. No, she's 42 and she looks 41. I'll have to see. Now she looks pretty good. She'll say you're going to hit this. I will. Today. And the main. Didn't we find out unless the other day Aaron Carter is Jewish? Okay. Yeah. How can he be Jewish when he's from this trailer trench family probably. There were Josh used to live there over in the Tampa area. Carter kids mom out of control. There's Nick who looks. Oh brother. Okay. That more of a fact you're than ever. And there's Aaron who's looking pretty good these days. He got a little bit. Got a little facial. Shmust there on the chin. He's a haircut. But we're almost to him. Aaron Carter is Jewish. James Franco is Jewish. Hugo Chavez is Jewish. Mach mood Ahmadine is Jewish. And of course, there's the John Revolta thing again. Ha ha ha ha ha. Maybe that was in the globe. Maybe we have passed by that. I have to go back. But that's making the. That's making the rounds. The picture from kissing his buddy. See, let me just say this to you. The buddy is a good friend of his who's got very got too kid. But I don't care how good a friend you are with somebody. If you're head of a sexual and you're getting on them. They're getting on a plane. Do it. Go take a trip or whatever. Uh huh. You don't reach up and kiss them on the lips on your ticket. Those and put your hand around your back. Even if you're like, friend, even in Europe. Right. That's what I was going to get to. You're up to guys. Even the young guys, you know, when they see each other for first time in a while, or they can say goodbye, they kiss each other on both cheeks on the cheek. You know, not that cheek. There's a ceremony. Not on the lips. You show me two guys kissing each other on the lips or not related. And I will tell you that they are gay. They've no mistake about that. They owe it up. The biggest name. So best tell us to be a sister. We your Rogers. Forged radio 560. You a. Oh. Go Roger. Nice pony email by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I know. I'm an instructor inspector. Uh huh. The day. Life stays the same. Life will stay the same. But we must tell you. We swear we might. Yeah. If you want. Please ask me to ask. They will keep your end. Fresh a week, guys. May we swear we might. These are the life and to decide. We sing right up a chiffierly wine. I wish they our ancient sins we got to sing. We swear we might. Our biggest friends are swear we're all girls. Who think we're as cute as we be. Yeah. But as they get older, they all think it sounds. We're hiding our late hands. We're thinking. These four show and we get. May we make your own way. Why don't we go? I don't think it's time for us to do. But as I should make your mind go. But as they leave, they'll be your dead say. We sing with our day. I swear we might. You must be very frustrating to the rumor starters. The rumor mongers who wanted to use the show to spew a lot of crap and create a lot of problems. We don't think any calls on the show when I'm doing it no more. I knew it was a fake email. I thought we would get a short a lot of it. It's most amusing. And you know what? Cox a hoist. Anyway, so back in the globe, here are no of this. Yeah, this globe. Jim confused. I got two templates sitting side by each. What kind of on top of each other? Like John Revolta and this guy. Experts who have studied globe's photo of John Traveller, kissing another man on the lips, wonder if he's gay and say it's time he comes. There once and for all. Time to grab the closet, Johnny. You and Tommy, maybe. The picture was taken before the Saturday night fever star boarded his personal 707 jet and Hamilton Ontario Canada. The holder was in the area working on his role in a new film adaptation of Harris spray in which he placed Edmont Turned-Blad, life of Christopher Walkens occurred to Wilbur. He took the picture of him dressed up as a woman. No, they released picture of shelter rolled away in a dress in his feminine role. And bolted up heavy duty. But as you can see in Gloves photo, the old is not too shabby. He had a close with a man in real life as well. He even got up on one toe while smoothing on the steps of his plane is what I've cutely pressed and waited on board. The unidentified man is not gay. He and his wife have been nannies for charoldas to children jet-14 and L.S. for more than five years. Oh, that proves it. Toroldas reps in safety considers the company personal friends. As a manor of customary greeting and saying farewell, Mr. Torolda kisses both men and women whom he considers to be extremely close friends and with whom he has a relationship akin to family-sister, old as attorney Martin Singer. People are extremely close to Mr. Revolved our awareness, customary, non-romantic gesture. Body language specialist Dr. Lillian Glast tells Globitz seem to hear that the kiss was more than as to quick peck on the cheek and appears quite intimate glass notes. John appears to be really enjoying it as head is leaning upwards. His lips are puckered. His body is leaning into the guy. His foot is pointed in the guy's direction which indicates he really likes him. His embracing the guy's back appears to be an affectionate kiss. For Volta's been a married person for 15 years and I have two children. Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton who runs the website Perez Hilton.com tells Glob. Game rumors in you window speculation have followed him around for years. I'm inclined to believe where there is smoke, there is fire, if he's gay, I wish he come out of the closet. Another celebrity watcher is nice for its believe that we've oldered it to fast up of the sequerally a homo. It isn't necessarily, it isn't healthy, it's a pressure to now your real self and it's decided to mislead others about who you are said, Pastor Robert Westman of the Family Value's Organization in Portland, Oregon. Homosexuality is widely accepted. The seat isn't. I would advise John to open up if he's hiding something. Open up John, come on. Welcome. I want to give you a kiss. Norman Marshall director of the event, Cooper British Columbia, Canada gay activist group face out says the photo raised a lot of eyebrows. There's no suggestion that many kissed his gay but John has been dogged by rumors for years. If John's gay, why would he simply admit it? Why would he burden himself with life of evading and deceit if he really is gay? I don't know. Let's ask can we wink away to think about that or Tom Cruise or Rob Low or Tony Perkins or he's dead. So anyway, there's the picture of a John Revalve. It says, and the caption in the inquiry is greased frightening as opposed to reslightening. Oh, here's a Trumpled, a rumpled working Mel Gibson got cranky when photographer snapped his picture in LA Park and Raj recently. Got very cranky. Martha Fierz or Hippensri will leave her crippled. Do we care about her now? Oh, here's Dustin. Why do they don't care about him? He's got a bag over his head. Rain man know it's bag man. Doesn't happen face a wacky game of hide and seek pulling a plastic bag over his head at a bookstore in Brentwood, California. Looks like something out of Halloween. He's got a shopping bag. A plastic bag over his head. But I, I holes, poked in the, I hole. I hole I said. That's not a hole. That's it. Let's see. And here, I thought this is pretty cute. Even for an old he didn't like me. Kids say the darkest things even in the Almighty. Children's letters sent to God. It's a new book, I guess. Maybe it's not in a book. I thought it was. Well, whatever it is, it's in the inquire. Denise Rice, dear God, if we come back as something, please let me be Jennifer Horton because I hate her. Dear God, thank you for the baby brother, but I prayed for was a puppy, Joyce. Jenny, dear God, please put up another holiday between Christmas and Easter. There's nothing good in there now. Johnny, dear God, how can we didn't invent any new animals? We survived just all the old ones. This is my favorite. See more. Dear God, that's not seen more butse. See more, dear God, how can we did all those miracles in the old days and don't do any now? Excellent. Lois says, I like the Lord's prayer best of all that you have to write it a lot or did you get it right the first time? I have to write everything I ever write over again. Morning says, dear God, in the Halloween, I'm going to wear a devil's costume. Is that all right with you? Probably in the Jersey. It's okay. The lamb is straightened out all that big deal in Tampa about the devil raised. So, I still fight in the bot that young. I don't know, haven't heard. Probably not. It's so little interest and there's so bad anyway. Why would anybody care? I hear a tea they call them worse than that. Nobody does care. No. Darling, do you really mean do one of the other? Is they do one of you because if I, if you did then I'm going to fix my brother. Ha ha ha ha ha. Good. Nice going, darling. These are cute. You don't think so George. They're like, there you go. Get out of here. That's cute. Kids. Larry says, dear God, maybe can they will wouldn't kill each other so much if they had their own rooms. It works with my brother. There you go. It's kind of like Sam and what's his name? They run that show, which I don't want supernatural. I think I want to show twice, never got all of this. It's still on. I want it once. I don't know. And here of course is the piece of resistance. It's not Tom's baby. Oh my God. Wow. And after the break, and not only will I give you this little little blurb here, this story, but also reveal who the father, the suspected father is. Who's pictured right here. Now, looking as good as I thought he did, but nevertheless, looking a lot better than Tommy. So, best challenge to the pieces we your Rogers, for Shreddie of 560. Hey. Hey. Hello. I'm the general manager of his radio station. And today is Rossi Shana on the Jewish New Year. In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill towards other fates, we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year. Hey. Happy New Year. Hey. Hey. Hey. It's just the home of the... Hi, you pal. This is Rossi O'Donnell. So, you think I ain't a girl no more, huh? You think I ain't a girl no more? Two. We don't like to talk to one. Thanks, soon. Well, for your information, I'm the queen. They've queen to my castle. Go on, my girl. Just this, get in my girlfriend. Like, in janabino or in cult. Don't tell you how my girl, a girl, a girl, a girl, a girl. Just say, don't like being a girl. And then nothing. If you... Hey. What did you say to those in both? Oh, hi, Kelly. Oh, you're ready for some robins. What do you like to get one of my... And that's it ain't how. I'm worried about everybody not thinking I'm fair. Think of my house up the door, as you smell the like to go and cut it. Fish, pocket. You are a knuckle cake. You're a huge winner from get out! All right. Then I think of you. This, give me what? What do you have all in your back? Oh, man. And at all, man. That's your suit? You got to pick that, you suit. I have just bought the other robins you got. I just need to pick it up. That's what Tony is. Kelly, you're a greatist. Promptority 2 at 5 or 60. If you're happy new year to all those folks that are celebrating and going through all the emotions and commotion, I thought New Year's January 1 and then... Oh, and I never did play Ramadan. That's your goal. That's the goal. Anyway, what is? Well, let me just do the article. Okay, now I'll say that one I hold, you know... After all, that's a baby. For the baby daddy is. Maybe that maybe Surrey, maybe Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes are weathering a vicious newsstorm. The soon to let couple is outraged over reports that Tom is not, baby Surrey's father. Oh, my God. The publication of Surrey's first photos in October of Anity Ferris given rise to outrageous new room, we're swimming the weather that Tom can't possibly be the daddy. Well, he can't be the daddy because in order to be the daddy they would have had it well. In a wild online feeding frenzy, blotters insist that maybe it's distinctly Asian eyes. Let's call anchor with a canter. Good Canadian boy, by the way, the middle of the night is in Los Bines. I think so. So, whatever. In a wild online feeding frenzy, blotters insist that maybe it's distinctly Asian eyes. Playing should be Zambles, Katie's last boyfriend. Are you wondering who that was? Okay. Chris Klein. Chris Klein is Asian? No. All right. And point out that both of the times children were the cold kidman are adopted. Tom is playing backfire to family friends who were the emperor. Instead of clearing up all the misinformation over Surrey, the delayed release of the baby photos is triggered a whole new set about Rage's rumors. The internet is buzzing with wild speculation that maybe can't be Tom's. What the hell is off of that? Oh, wrong button. The blogs are having a field ace, particularly in the little Surrey as many of the other of Katie's ex-guy actor, Chris Klein. The pictures taken by famed photographer Annie Leibovitz show the proud parents posing with their precious punts smiling little girl. She has an immense shock of black hair and piercing blue ominize. And there's a picture right there. It is a little baby's sir. Yeah. But as soon as the magazine hits the stands, it hit the fan. Something did. On the Hips Celebrity blog, PerezHilton.com, one anonymous posting reads, this baby is part Chinese. Who the blank that they think they're kidding? Who the f***? You people here are so bloody gullible if you think this kid is Tom's. Another poster, truly, upon Tom Cruise can't even have babies. They spent the last four months searching for a baby that looks like them. They couldn't get a newborn, which is why we went it so long for this Chinese baby to appear. On burnt city.com, someone wrote, some seems like the whole world is guessing the real identity of baby's siries father. Is it Chris Klein? Did they use these super-preserved sperm or science-ology founder, Elron Hubbub? It's all in the I-I-I-I-I-I's. And on pink is the new blog.com. Opposing reads of anything, don't you think the baby bears a striking resemblance to Chris Klein, Katie's boyfriend before Tommy? The super star is stunned by the wild speculation confides the source. Tom thought once the photos of a serial were finally published, the controversy. In other words, it's the same old deal. Do you believe me now? I don't know. I'm not now. He thought that because he's a crazy person. Oh. See, that's why he did all that research into psychology and psychiatry. Because everybody does that, right? Mike Walker in the Pup School branch strolling down a walkway toward her waiting limo on the Georgia rule set, Lindsey Lowhand was gabbling away on her cell phone, and suddenly yelled bloody murderers, she stepped in a pile of doggy dew. Get paper towels, she's written. Production assistant who came running, a moment later, a young woman ran back and headed to the towel, so Lindsey you were held, clean the shoe, looking at her like she was nuts. The assistant said, for me, I'm not cleaning your shoe, you do it. As she turned and walked away, furious Lindsey kicked off both her kicks, left them there and stalked off to her ride barefoot. In bigment bitch. How do you like that? Yeah. I'll see. Oh, emergency surgery for Andy Griffith after crippling fall. We didn't care about that before. They don't care about it now. Dance star found fame and fortune but lost hermen. Now cats praying for Leo de Camprio. We're good luck to you sweetheart. Sexy, so you think you can dance stunner can't deal with his hiding a secret hearty. Her career cost her the man she loved. Her romance with longtime live in boyfriend Mark Whalen, collapsed because the public relations executive out of the Marion Havkiz, and cat wasn't ready. Well, good way not to have kids is to get together with Leo. I think kind of like Tom Cruise part two when you say, the 29 year old beauty hope the pair would stay together but she refused to commit to a 39 year old mark because her career for came first. Some say her Hollywood ambitions were fueled by friendships with actresses, Kira Knightley and CNN Miller. And London newspaper reports that Leo de Camprio was taken on a string of dates and spotting her in a Beverly Hills restaurant. Cat told Pows Leo interrupted the chat she was having with a friend about posing naked for a magazine. She was asking her buddy whether or not it would be a good move. She would be heart-traving her interjecting total was not. Later cat was reportedly caught kissing the actor in the portal lounge at Beverly Hills Hotel. I like that. If it came good friends, but obviously something more is happening. Something that doesn't meet the eye. Well, speaking of Rosie O'Donnell and that nice potato yeast. Yeah. Oh, man. Exactly. Sour dough. And a red in the middle of lunch hour to a sorry I apologize. I think it was that email was right. You know, you realize it's almost one o'clock. We haven't had one. We all facts all day today. We haven't? Have we? Did you send me any facts? I think you did. I don't remember other than that phony email. And here's the facts about the double rates. So here comes a. Oh good. Barber takes dim view of Rosie's antics. Both of you. And the view is not doing all that well. And I voted for that on our pool. Anybody who watches the view especially a guy. It tells me a lot. Rosie O'Donnell has just started new gig on the view, but the hospital committee has already causing friction on your co-host. Rosie's co-host had a feeling she'd hit the stage like a bull in a Chinese shop. So they weren't exactly shocked when it happened in the Saturday and Square after September 5. They'd be on the hit top show. Pizza cramp. But Rosie's have not just behaved. You didn't come without a stiff warning. View, haunt, Joe Barbara, while we had already. Reprimated Rosie for what she felt was inappropriate. Blugging on the Rosie.com website. And for unfavorable remarks about overwin for you in a public interview. Rosie wrote on her website. It'll be hard for me to not be the boss. It is already and we've only just begun. Then in a recent interview, Rosie criticized her, her professor, the way she handled the infamous Tom Cruise couch jumping. And so saying she would have retaped the segment if it happened on her show. The spent well, that wouldn't have been a good. Everybody wanted to see what a crazy person he was. He was the president. The spat between Barbara and Rosie was actually a lot more heated than what fans were told revealed the insider. Rosie's website ran infuriated Bobwa, who demanded that she stop airing her dirty laundry about the show on the blog. But those who were offended. Those who were offended in more than Rosie crashed Oprah. They're hoping she'll eventually find her way without stepping on too many toes. Right. She'll find her way. Here's that facts. Over here this is long facts. The last one was going on with the devil raised. Lady's proposal last week has been changed in the name of the floored devil raised. A swimming the marble on the floored devil raised as opposed to Tampa Bay. A swimming the marlins go head with their proposal become the Miami Marlins. I never understood by someone who is an atheist when other 10 Church or synagogue. Even if the chances of being, oh this is the best. This is great. Not just a facts but a hostile one. This is good. Even if the chances of being wrong about God are a fraction of a percent, you lose nothing by hitting your bets and going once in a while. Especially for self who is born in a Judaism will be difficult to make the argument that there's not that fraction of a percent chance considering it's at her own or particularly known to be lacking in intellect. Some others I should put on and pretend I should go there and pretend just in case maybe it would say, I mean if that's what it takes that's what hell of a religion. No matter which one it is. You don't go to heaven that way. Yeah. You're not really pretending to believe in something that doesn't. Just to make it look good. Which I know are awful lot of people Jews included who do that. They show up only on the high holy days and the rest of the year forget about it. Regarding your new foreman I think it sucks. Her and your rift of colors with the most of it. But you know what? Hold your breath because it ain't going to happen. Is the most entertaining part of your show. Yeah. Hearing we rift the same 10 colors every day. In addition not taking calls makes you even more out of touch. It's called as alert you and the things that you miss such as. Even at listeners are probably the only ones who prefer just hearing the bedtime stories. Since anyone listening online is probably just another comedy trying to find it. Well this is part two from the relax. Didn't work. Didn't work on the first one with a phony. Dr. Lecter. Hector. What happened? That didn't work so I've got another one. You're making them crazy. Oh that's too bad. That's too bad because I won't take their calls. The biggest thing. So the best challenge in the business is we all Roger's. Course video 560 is you. Hey. Roger Houston confirmed we lost our nuts and bolts up here. Roger that. I think I know what you're doing up there. Well the be honest with you. Houston. Isn't it on that? They lost a bold last night in flight. Don't look. Oh for crying out loud. You're saying we have a problem. You know what I'm saying about that. It's supposed to be hard. You got a joy in it. That's good. That's good. I think you might be able to sense someone up here to help us. Right. Space Station. Think it about that. Oh man, my bones are strong. Don't think about life. This is not funny. Totally unprofessional. We're not supposed to make you. Alright. Do your of that in. Sounds like a little bit. I'm so blind. Space Station. I'm not sure exactly what you want us to do down here. Houston, we're not a bit sure what to do up here. We're gonna call them. We're gonna call them. We're gonna call them. So last day's fate was on that side. Why not send them a cannon up and bring them? Oh no, no, no. Then we're walking back. I am very professional. Walking back. I'm a mission. Why are you walking? Warning. Warning. Come on. This isn't rocket science here. Thank you fellow. After that there's a language you're doing is really important. Thanks for taking my phone call. Now get back to work. Thank you. Wow. So the shuttle and it's safe that it's more in case you've been asleep or didn't pay me attention or maybe just don't care. That bass is most amusing because again, yeah. See I like those though. I enjoyed the horn. Oh no, that's why it's not a good one. That wasn't a very good one. But the good ones I haven't dissected the minigames. But that one even a child could tell. Well, if you don't like the new format, you don't like to affect it. They're not any colors for the new group. The why you're listening. Oh, it sucks. But why you're listening? I said shut up. That's why. Yeah, that's it. Just did rock dead. Nick takes Jessica to the cleaners in the choir. There's a picture of Nick and Jessica. She's like they're tongue, sick and her tongue out. Nick was chasing his laughing all the way into bank. He ought to be sticking it out and the tongue too. Jessica Simpson's a bigger part. He's a chew-o. A bigger part. That's like a male-hor. Get on. What would that hose have mean? Take it her money. Like he can't make his own. Oh wait. He can't. So he can't take. So I think he can't. Anyway, Jessica Simpson's ex-tuppin hardball and there's like, I really care, okay? We're f'ing ass. Like I give a crap. He's old- he's old-news man, that's right. Pot-march, so he ain't no James Franco. That's for damn sure. Can I get a finished story, please. I don't want to please that boring butter. only the people listening on the internet care about this that's right he had to jackpot walked away with a six million dollar pay off a plus another former than other assets you only wish that you could the I'm not going to say it Nick had to jackpot because I know pre-nexted agreement when they tied the knot in 2002 at the time Nick was the main breadwinner most the main breadwinner at the time but the subsequent year Jessica's earning powers sword that's what you hold in the estimate of thirty two million dollars a year last year alone and thanks to California's community property laws Nick knew he was in for a hefty cut of fortune that they accrue during the married years according to the source attorneys for the former ninety eight degrees senior demanded got lifetime release to whenever songs he recorded and co-wrote with Jessica tunes include where you are in the skin songs from rejoice the Christmas out of a whole new world plus unreleased and credit and we cry a demos months ago Jessica reportedly offered Nick a coffee one quarter million cheap bitch but with a blonde beauty earning around thirty two million last year while they were still married Nick knew he could get considerably more Nick knew that if he held out Jessica would eventually up the ante if he held up your ante he also when Jessica didn't have the stomach for a long-protractive court battle she already had spent sixty grant on attorney fees in case went to arbitration those fees could easily have tripled poor baby showing me thirty two million last year she's worried about attorney fees quite of the source the final seven also entitled liquor walk away with more than two million from the sale of their cala passes house which was featured in the reality show newlyweds Nick brought the house part of their marriage to the source at first yesterday claimed to have an interest in the because she gave my hundred grand tour the home show later to the married but Jessica gave up the house in the settlement Nick will also keep the two thousand four for rarie or two hundred grand plus banking counts by the close to two point two million he is hurt and the thirty two year old hunk also keeps pensions from ninety eight degrees and little Mickey and kiss company each one's worth about sixty four grand he still has a hundred percent ownership and little Mickey and kiss well as a bank account but about a half a million just from that company alone it also keeps his twenty five percent ownership in ninety eight degrees in can i need to be touring in the bottom line is this guy is not hurting for cash but don't change his reges with all her projects he's bringing the whopping eight hundred fifty thousand a month out of a year a month Nick realized that that's why he held out now he said for life he's squeezed a bitch real hard janice and stocking cocaine confession I don't care you care about her not in the least not sincere not since that super bowl baby right thanks a lot janice for all of my service in broadcasting you in just in think about she was the excuse that they you know it's an absolutely destroy the whole industry nobody talks about that we have to kissy kissy to joy to jell what's your whatever name is Janet now we're gonna have prince performing at the super bowl really yeah doesn't matter what he's about just you want to see it I see hopefully is asked what he hanged out you won't see it and he won't say it carder kids mom is out of control oh that's a Tampa family in both she all looked like trailer trash Nick and her and carders mother is so out of control she's threatening her sons with physical harm charges dead bob Carter who claims the pop singers and I would begin fear for their lives james rage is making nick and errands lies on nightmares as Bob and Nick solicited in part interview Nick twenty four refuses to speak with mommy according to bob at younger brother Aaron 18 although bobcissie doesn't want to see her still reluctantly since your phone call because he feels sorry for sorry jinn and bob were co-managers of errands career and he and had access to his finances until there 24 year marriage broke up three years ago a year later Aaron filed for legal emancipation claiming jinn would draw on a hundred grand out of his account without permission the last time jinn convinced Aaron to help her he sent her 30 grand but for the man because she told him she was working at a hot dog stand and bob angrily alleges that Aaron continues to help his mom because he hopes it'll come her down jinn is very violent person she's broken my collarbone and shot me with a gun once he said we're all concerned that one of these days he's been a killer self or one of us bob says August 29 jinn was pulled over by the Florida police for a speeding and driving her pickup truck eranically all she drives a pickup truck and lives over in a west coast of Florida for these ingredients together she was arrested for DUI I think she's trying to make the kids feel they mean she claims she made them the stars they are today they owe her until they she dies and breaks my heart says Bob most people are Rachel have to worry about getting their butts kicked or being killed by their moms contact by the inquire jinn admitted to the U.S. but I'm convinced Bob sent me off she said explain that she believes somebody put something there drink that night that's why I was acting so weird and got stopped by the cops but let me say this my kids are not afraid of me said next publicist we just want next mother to go away he just want mother to go away not go away man just go away just like that jackass with the phony facts is all keep them coming to line draw absolutely I love those all those plague Dallas legend and for DUI but are going on like crazy these DUI I former Dallas star can't virtual long bad I've never heard of them because I never watched that show is long battle with the bottom for the sad turn recently when he's arrested for drunk driving he played fifth Barnes on the property of ADC V show Dallas give a watch that show no no peruses booze problems go away back do we care about this no she's had a good problem since she was a teen and was once tossed into a special school to dry out now we don't care we never heard her here her name again it'll be much too soon pomegranate juice vice cancer now you talking all right babbling Britney's bizarre shopping experience oh my oh my hmm I'm gonna tell you right now as yours a gackie would say oh my oh my when you see you remember the last picture we saw Britney look like else you the board and how in a bad day yeah when you see this one wow that big in a way about 85 pounds he's gonna have quadruplets so it's a couple of man and they're all going to be like little retards like Kevin feed rewind bizarre shopping it obviously just take a look at that picture you're getting this in quite or anywhere okay it's on age 56 you'll see it let's see history lesson in disguise all the kings men we don't care about that looks pretty good though in the preview you original took the best picture Oscar back in 49 now half essentially later Sean Pan is the brilliant charismatic client boy and southern people's politician who's dramatic rise even more dramatic falls assisted by some pretty powerful people like Kate Winslet Patricia Clarkson James Gendell Feeney Mark Rufalo Anthony Hopkins and Kathy Baker plus co-star little Jude law I still say he's about three feet tall is good actor okay yes he must come by beloved Robert I know they you say that but whatever the reverse is still to our maybe he works on his knees he walks in a ditch a lot of guys in Hollywood work on their knees five new hard chief sheets dead you know I like Bob Newhart back in the 60s you know right you know what he's all right he never stole freight train yeah but he's you know just go away already like next mother go away and Hillary lashes out a Diane Sawyer always will save that for the next hour now we're talking very short story and then we'll get some heavy duties stuff like important things like tugger woods in his wife cents how long you need to stop right and then we'll miss the entireatisfiedyl If I didn't mention that BPS now, yes, that's the reason. Even though she had me breaking all the critics, they didn't do this in a mess girl. Yeah, they said, they said, they don't like the question where it's but we have some made one think for me. We clear, gave me a pair and I felt like I was making this really neat. All the fungers on the matter go and cry to me at their little computer and yeah, they're really speasy now. I have to like a bunch of broken sailors out on me, but maybe they're whoo-ner. Well, I'll do it now. Well, well, why she's much our weekend dinner, Brian Williams, but they can go in here. Baby, can't you find some seconds of me million in here? Well, she's asking for America's help to come over the next slide all, yes, you need the final. That's a double-riding other winner coming under David Lee Raw. Yeah, that's like Eddie's call. She's been beating us so fast that the poor lady might be watching her be here. Baby, can't you find some seconds of me million in here? Well, maybe there's both as everyone is with something. But my brother, yeah, it's a system and the only one that's happy is that Gracie versus Pisticon rather, he's got to make a big one. All the meetings he has said let's make a mere mortal breakdown and shut up here. Hey man, I'm so proud of you making a pretty million in here. I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid. Hey man, I mean, there are a lot of other people up in that way because she started out like, how I'm so I'm fired now, it's just the ashes left behind. They're shifting through the ashes looking for a semblance of an audience. Just like we'll be doing, if we don't start taking a lot of those great phone calls, but you know what it's not going to happen. And of course, you know, it probably gets some more facts as to from the chronics that can't get you on your home, so they can't find another outlet for their, your 10-rowing their lives. Why, why don't you take a poll? We've already done that before, you know what it'll never happen again. Not while I'm doing this show. Not while I'm steering the ship, okay? Just call me captain, what do they call him? And you, you be on the counter? Oh, queue, old yellow stain, something like that. What's that? I'm not going to waste my time with it, okay? It's just cock on man. Forget about it. I don't need to take a poll to find out how I want to do the show. Hillary Lash is out of tie-in soyer. And I'm waiting to hear some of these two. Stars be traded by two of their own. Actor, Rupert Everett, and Super Screenwriter Joe Esther-House. The ultimate tell-all book, the Devil's Guide to Hollywood, the Screenwriter is God. Rupert Everett says of Tom Hanks, Tom's nice actor, but look at the stuff he's doing it is so terrible. Some of this is from the other article too. Tom Cruise, Everett says, Tom isn't a human being he's a machine. He doesn't do films about real people. Tell Kimmer, Esther-House says he's an imbicil. Estinominate the best we've filmed moments of the century. Kilmer nominated three of his own movies. One of them was Batman forever. Oh, Michael Douglas, Esther-House says he's not written may very well in some cases be dumb. Oh, it wasn't so dumb when he married Katherine Zeta Jones. I guess Madonna ever says he's considered tall. This is an actress. No kidding. Next to the topic of an unportable. And Sharon Stone, Esther-House says he's so annoyed to crew. I'm one of our movies that they believed themselves into a bathtub before Sharon got into it for the scene. Right. Right. What is water sure is warm? And yellow. I'll get him back to Hillary. Furious over ABC's controversial miniseries, the path to 9-11. Hillary Clinton unleashed her anger on Closed-Pal-Dianne Sawyer, who in this picture don't look at it over 90. And I write Hillary who's being counted as a Paz-Siza. You know, Hillary, I hate to say she's a bitch. Yeah, I hate her. And she's just nasty. She's a bitch. Yeah. If you sit, wait, wait, wait. This is in the same in choir. You'll see the picture. Right near the ass into the, this where she belongs to the ass in. That's what Bubba said. And I wait Hillary who's being counted as a Paz-Siza. I likely, I believe the network was trying to embarrass her by gratuitously. Featuring her husband, Bill Zepher, with Monica Lewinsky in the film. So near a senator, pressure her pal-Dianne, star of ABC's Good Morning American, Prime Time Live, who want to see it would never have executives. Hillary thought the answer used her influence to kill a miniseries in the Saturday told Inquire. While Diana is in a power play at ABC, she didn't have a real say. But Hillary thought if Diana made enough of a stink, ABC brass would least drop the Lewinsky material. The Clintons had given special access to Diana in the past interviews, but Hillary's blessing Diana was granted the first interview with Bill after it's heart bypass. Hillary let Diana know how furious she was. The fact that Diana said she couldn't do anything. Only made Hillary angry or it's time for an exorcism. For once, I think we may agree with her, Rove. While she maneuvered behind the scenes, Hillary put a tough public face on, issuing a statement insisting her husband worked tirelessly. The fight terror was in Keep America safe, and that's the only truth that matters. Truth just is in the American way, rhymes with gay. How do you like that? All right. No more fangs, huh? Though, I guess that was the extent of their material. I was the end of it. I'm going to be the novelist thing anymore, because when I'm taking it, it was great call. Yeah, right, that's funny. Yeah, you're gay. Okay, how's that pull coming? You know something when it got to be 1300? That's military time? We had 13 animals. 13,09. No, no matter fact, turn here and run the island. All I know all I need to know about somebody if they vote Republican 462. Believe OJ's innocent, 2019. Denied the Holocaust, 194 last afternoon, a judge. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. High school, or, ah, home school, or kids, 122. Where religious head year, 119. Speak with a lift, 42. Now, if I actually watch those freaks and eaks, that makes me a, I hope not. Because the young James Franco's in it. Two of the reason I'm getting it. And Josh is right, that's the reason when I'm got that movie. I mean, I wouldn't care if he would like it. I mean, I, I, I, I, I looked through some other movies that he was in and I thought, well, I'll go get one of my like and I didn't think I would like this, you know. And I did. That was very good. And so, the most of everybody else has had a job. What are the more can we eat on the, the freak and reviews? Have you heard from what? What you read on the reviews? Yeah. Okay. You don't think it was a hit? Was it a successful movie? Not really. Oh. And what about that other movie that I told you was a big, you know, the late of gigantic egg and you were giving me a song in the dance? Which what was that? No shakes on a plane? Yeah. Speak with a list 42, especially after the heavy list. Listen to sports talk 39 and a lot of their call or talk with a list on the fourth talk. We want to kind of guys want to talk about guys who were jackstrips. Watch the view 38. Call radio talk shows 34. That's you. That was, no, I didn't vote for that. I voted for the view. I hate this poll only 31, 2.3%. I think I may have, you know, Sean made him happy with the nice folder that you turned on. Shame on you. You lose. And vote for, vote for Ralph Nader. You never got it. Just relax. Vote for Nader only 12 because hey, he but it not be doing it again in 2000. Please. Some of you're going to have to like assassinate his ass if they do that. Later. Can't afford to have him, you know, and all the excuses he makes and all the ballooning. No, I'm a transguer, I've to have an ass. And one of those is the DVDs I got. And you know, no, I'm a transguer. You go, you go, child is his favorite. That's right. Tell me about that book that he was reading. They said, I mean, when some number like 85 billion on the Amazon.com, $1,930 something Yeah, to number seven. Number seven. Yeah. Thanks to Hugo Chavez. He's better than Oprah. Yeah. It's a Hugo Chavez. Book review man. He's better looking. Well, so is my ass. Yeah. Tiger Woods. Who isn't really pretty. He's strange. He looks like he came off that shipman. That's spaceship. Maybe he was one of those things floating around. The shuttle before landed. Tiger Woods was angry yesterday. When did you see he was really peeled. Did you see that Josh? No. Did you see that? Somebody take it a picture in his swing? No, no, no, no. You know what this is all about? No. About the Irish Tamois. He was angry yesterday at the Irish magazine and a Tamois that linked photos of his wife to various pornography websites. And an agent was studying the possibility of a lawsuit. The publisher, double it or maybe issued an apology saying it was satire and didn't expect anyone to take it seriously. Woods was among those who did. He is Pete Offman. First he teed off and then he got Pete off. My wife, yes, she has been a model prior. And yes, she did suit and do some bikini photos. Woods said, but to liquor to porn websites, I says, so unacceptible, I don't accept that at all. Need to do his our team. The double her magazine. Well, just by making to our team, meaning him and his wife and his carry and his groupies and, you know, the play nons. Playing nons. The double her magazine wrote a sub-temperature about Ellen Nordgren. His Swedish wife of nearly two years. Now, do we know her? And she's pretty hot. Oh, he's over. She's very hot. I'm bigger, friend. I've seen those pigments. We can't remember her. What are you trying to say? You'll renew her better. Yeah. Most American golfers are ready to women who cannot keep their clothes on in public. The magazine wrote, is it too much to last they leave them on at home for the Ryder Cup? Consider the evidence. Tiger Woods wife can be found in a variety of sweaty poses on porn sites. It said, the arrow steadily started giving front page treatment yesterday with a headline, Tiger's theory at naked pictures. Inside, the template we printed photos of Nordgren and a bikini along with a new photo of a woman afforded to be her, was vehemently denied it was his wife on a first came out three years ago. The publisher in staff at the Delaware acknowledged that the historical article was inappropriate and was just sincerely apologized to Tiger Woods's wife, Ellen Nordgren, and other Ryder Cup players in their families for any offense they may have taken to it. The publisher's statement said, Mark Steinberg was agent city was debating whether the sewer or not. I don't know if he liked that. It was the first topic was brought up at his news conference, seeing the Ryder Cup which will start tomorrow at the cake club. He wasn't scheduled to speak through reporters until the day, but asked to move the session up to yesterday. He was pee on this was a yes. He owed. On his Charlie Wrangle when my favorite people. I just want to make an abundantly clear to Hugo Shabbaz or any other president don't come to the United States and think because we have problems without president that any foreigner can come to our country and not think that Americans do not feel offended when you offend outsheep of state. Oh man, what a joke he should have been. He should have been given him a high five and a salute in my right. Absolutely. Oh, I mean at least Hugo had a ball to tell him like it is. It was all these weekly politics and even Charlie Wrangle man, I'm shocked. What a weekly piece of turd. Like I said, he used to be one of my favorite people. How dare you come here and insult our dumbledone chief. Come on this afternoon at 5.60. Come on at 5.60. Come on at the man dog at 2. The man dog in the hump and together in 4 to 5. And if fabulous power hour from the tower from the lean tower and then we got Hank Solo 5 to 6.25. We got Napoleon Solo after that. Marlon's on deck. Now let's see. 4 out of the year or 5. I think the dog is lost. I'm sure they did. Yeah. 5. They got another 4. 4. Because the Marlon's actually what I know it's hard to believe they want to give him your class night. I believe they're 4 out of the way. Yeah, well they're like, I mean, you know. Yeah, and I don't say that. Don't be so negative man. No one knew you didn't like that movie. You're negative. It's even working at that station too long. No, I've been working with that team too long and I'm telling you that they're with the Marlon's. Yeah. The stink in Marlon's. Are you picking on them? That's our bread and butter. Maybe they bring all the money in on the station. Not. You'll like the dolphins bring all that money in across the street. Sports, baby. We got a sports show in the morning. Oh God. Isn't time you took the stress of worry out of last minute. Hurricane preparations. And if you recall last year, Wilma, first of all, was Katrina and we escaped most of that and went up in the Gulf and went up in the Gulf and went up in the Gulf and and went up a lot of them. And then nobody felt well. It was going to be much of anything and look at it. Look at all the thousands of people last still trying to put their lives back together a year later. While their hurricane shut about that manufacturers easy to use a courty and shutters and not provide you with expert installation as well if you want. Call them at 9.54. 2.37. 7. 8. 3. You can't afford to be able to be able to protection right in the middle of hurricane season. They feature roll downs. The courtyens and panels too. Just like our friends at the hurricane shut about luck. To make a ribbon install the shutters for you. Call 9.54. 2.37. 7. 8. 3. Right now, you can only win a top-mash protection. The hurricane shut about less family owned and operated license and shared in datebrowd and Palm Beach County approved. They stuck all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut your specs ready for pickup or delivery to right to you. And like I said, if you want to install them as well. The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted. A 350 square feet just for having a big balls to mention my name. The hurricane shut about luck. Call 9.54. 2.37. 7.83. Just log under their website at hurricane shutteroutlet.com. The 50s name. So best talent to the faces for your Rogers. 4.0.5.60. Happy! You're fair. Good work my engine. Get that the ratings and diet. Oh. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass. And I wish to get in half. You're done. You're going to find somebody good enough to fill my city pants. It's amazing. Yeah. Okay. Right now, Jets, I love a big coming back. Okay. Outside of considering a look where it event comes direct. And you want to know what will send you from shut that transmitted to the boundaries. Why that's easy. Okay. Show who won. Oh, shoot these balls. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. What's in me is no. Oh, man, I don't know. Oh, man, I don't know. Oh, man, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think you're wrong. I think you're wrong. I'm so much like you. I'm the guy. I said my ratings have gone around in this game. I'm not sure. I'm afraid you'll have a remodeling. I want the negation of a woman. And we can. Okay. I have no one. It's just. You had a lot? It's just. Wow. I'm always 13139 votes you know something by two a clock by 14 never gonna have 14 100 a brand you believe it one hour so we stayed on the six o'clock we could have like a 1600 beautiful or no 1800 well who cares Patrick Coburn and Nebety I don't want to like lean on this too much but I think it is you know is this interesting and again I apologize yesterday the starboard was much too long in pond risk and people lose their interest and we could have taken a lot of really spooky calls and I'd feel it a time but don't know if you're perhaps not gonna happen you know there's a transition period I don't know what's on our website like we're doing just find a me I'm looking at the your hits on there take a few hits myself and the votes are just pouring in man it's just unbelievable so what do you think of now that's the end of my ten-boots stuff I think that would be a good feature every week you go through that crap remember I used to do that when we hit an audience on this station I mean remember those days I remember and I was reading them I've been reading crap for a long time on a show okay we're doing this fine but all you cranked out there come up with something new come up with something original that's why you're so weak weep that's another reason I've taken calls it would be different if we had a lot of interesting and innovative and even funny people would are stick but it's the same time all my gut you could plots from it you know what I'm saying what an average you're cutting you could let's see what we don't need to potato pancakes the lot season till Hanukkah till Sanuka I'm rushy shana guess you just drink a lot of wine to drunk I don't know I'm not participating although I will take off several days for it and then we got your own kipper coming up too nothing like turning into a professional juke and that's a really great line from the crank facts oh what do you got to lose and in other words could me just be a little more juge the discovery of hundreds of US made cluster but I'm probably said that after we decided to go into couldn't you give a little kissy kissy that he is really my god no the discovery of hundreds of US made cluster bombs among the tens of thousands of unexploded munitions crouperting the south of lesbian on has led the calls on Washington and would pose a more atrium on sales of the weapons to Israel what about that it's kind of like what we know we gave the poison gas to sedum and all the other weapons so he could they you know stay walk the Iranians and then now here all these years later oh you see that he put he gased his own people he had weapons of messes or what how they get him from it like this we know he had him because we got the receipts bomb this phozolex birds are working around the clock to clear the lethal leftover is after Israel fire 1.2 million bomblets in last few days of the war we know that the pods containing these 650 bomblets little bombas which burst apart of a pre-determined height have a fader way to up to 30 percent of the living two evidence of their american origin the u.s state department is investigating Israel's use of american make cluster bombs during the war in lesbian on in particular whether or not as your broke a secret agreement with the u.s not to use cluster bombs against civilians he is really make no attempt to hide where they obtain this weapon in the garden of a house in abatia uses headquarters by british based mines advisory group lies a cluster bomb container that's great bomblets over near the size of a football field such weapons are still causing casualties when we visited the town of manages to take it a hospital with severe injuries after a bombap exploded in his hand wow there's nothing worse than having something explode in your hand this is in the britain of pentastia the bomb was the size of a small torpedo there were letters for all the inhibitor on the middle but most of the writing is the anguish it says cv u cluster bomb in the 58 v u s a force the manufacturers identified his lance in industries and it's got a bunch of numbers on here the bomb was made before the Vietnam war had ended because there's a marketing showing that it's warranty ended on February 7th 1974 there's no one in case when the cluster bomb was transferred from the west to Israel nick guys former british army bomb disposal officer working for mhg is the most common bomblets in 42 and 77 are of american manufacturer so they aren't even under warranty so if they are unexploded they get their money back right right the early day to the u s bomb container abatia reveals another problem the x-story of the warning more than 30 years ago about 30 minutes yes that the manufacturer expected some deterioration in the product yes points out that more recent cluster bombs have a self-destruct mechanism that operates after period of time but those dating from 74 do not and therefore become sensitive anti-personal minds whoops there's not one every day there are people behind over there they're working their eyes they're picking their nose they're picking their back though we can their friends and but abing you know they should have a type is real that's a shouldn't attack the Iraq and Austin Iran and everybody on 1347 you want to see a good movie get trist nanna's older I'm better for a sizzle not a zolder why does everybody say that why we got a old and sound right isn't just an as old is old no I'm sure he is now I mean that was in the bubble but I would be the timeframe that we could say I mean he would have been making art there and stuff like that uh 800 nine a wow like that man I'll tell you one thing you know I don't know maybe I'm the only one it's like that perverted that I wonder about the it's kind of into like sex although in my hand because I guess there were like no quickies because we're thinking about how to get all your clothing off but all the clothing that they used to wear back in those days you know what I'm saying layers and layers and layers and layers even in the colonial days of this country my god they had all those schmuckers on my god by the time they got their clothes up and you can only imagine the stand I don't want to we didn't have no right guard no left guard not even the role but I guess when everybody snobbed like that nobody noticed I think that's what Richard Branson's gonna do with it those billions of dollars he's using this stuff global warming he's been a bap all the spray the order he's gonna broil that and just store somewhere so you can't split it really solid crap in the area you know we're gonna be a good idea sounds good to me I don't know about you but I don't like roll on the order oh no that a hold your hair on is that what it does sure no it he where takes my pits does it oh yeah sounds like pits they get red and champ in the pits too I don't I don't like no I tried you know all kinds of like uh spray stick whatever they call a stick he's that stuff that you uh the squeeze is out I big your part me or it on you're smear it on you're what is that I never had a new man to see I got to have you face that you're squeezing out the end I have the tube no more I'm not on you twist the bottom and it oozes out the tip really yeah I see I'll keep that in mind I use the right guard I'll tell you that right now I like my right guard I'm not giving it up I don't care what Richard Branson says and I don't open a window so it's not just in here okay oh geez I'm reading all that crap 1350 we need 50 votes in 34 minutes to get to 1400 yesterday 15 today 14 see yeah that's true they're doing really nice of this and I actually put this on there Josh was right on the ball he tried to change the pull our hours ahead yeah it's your work and the only reason that happened was because of a premature evacuation from woodbine after a very successful a shockingly a successful hour and a half you know after after the break I got to ask I'm thinking about a business enterprise you know how people like you know it because you can like google uh mehos slot secrets or any kind of crap and everyone in their brothers and entrepreneur you know with some phony website and I'm saying stop fives and stories by the way you may be actually what are they oh all day long just crap you already have how do you know I haven't it's on the website what is that's definitely a pretty good clue you They said fire to some churches, they shot children on. They say they're not really violent. They say they're not really mean. August comes, I'm mad at it. That it's your school. That's your school. That it's your school. That it's your school. What did he say? It made those no-consolores where you breathe. And at that way, maybe it's because He's from Germany. Die to Susan with a Nazi. That it's your school. You're fairly not that progressive in cash, We're all going insane. It's the father-in-law, I'm in. They say the poor people. All over the world, they're burning that way too. August comes, I'm mad at it. That it's your school. August comes, I'm mad at it. That it's your school. 13, I was 64, but we just 36. We got 26 minutes to do that. Piece of cake, baby. Okay. One of the things I like about doing the show this way is at 6.30 a much in Brian Williams and we see you in the news. Which I do watch that. A lot of the stories that they do, I think of myself, we talked about that today on the show. Don't you sometimes like that? Yeah. They even had a story about the stick figures. Remember that about the third grade, the students and the stick figures are going on in various subjects of positions. Stick in it? Even in that one. Go figure out. We talked about that. Anyway, here's Jan Gainesville sense in a real email, which is shocking. General understand this. What? I see the sentence here, email. I don't know. It's my email, I present in fact, the T. I see. Anyway, it says, Neil, I love the new floor mad. It's great. You're really hitting all the bases. My favorite part of this whole thing is the knowledge that somewhere out there in South Florida, sick twisted Gilbert Solomon, John Bahull and Prozac, K.K.K.K.K.K. Ron. I got to tell you a story about that. Are doubting until they're fingers bleed. All in vain, Freaks, God, I hate those guys. Keep kicking a new style to Jan Gainesville. We will, Jay, thank you. So, it's been a project. I'm in the drugstore yesterday. And I'm going to get some strips. You know, my blood strips when you prick your finger when you've got diabetes. Right. What? I'm going to get some blood to just move it along. And there's an old lady there. And there was like a line of a couple people. I waited a few minutes. And I'm getting my thing. And she's behind me, okay? And she goes, I just kind of lingered there a second. Because I'm wondering, she's looked like she was a little confused. You could have been there over 200. She looked like she belonged in summarize lakes. I need some prosat. She said. And I thought to myself, oh, I know somebody can help you out. Yeah. I didn't have a prescription. She had an idea what she was talking about. But she needed prosat. And the four old sluppers of, you know, pharmacists have tried to explain her. Well, I can't just give you a pro. I need prosat. So, next time I see you're all here with that number. All right. Guess what they did in St. Ignis, Michigan. Gambling is the only thing missing from a new Indian casino in Michigan's upper peninsula. mistakenly building an area where gambling is illegal. A little sorry, mistake. Sorry, Mr. The $36 million cowabin is sure as casino in hotel opened in June has restaurants allowing indoor pool overlooking like Huron's horseshoe bay north of the McEnau Bridge. Holy McEnau. But it's 29,000 square foot casino with 800 slot machines and 26 gambling. table is being able to operate because the West government's part of the casino was built online where Indian gambling is not allowed. That is not too bright. The law is a cutler analysis. The forwards up front, cabaret and the cane. Okay, come back. Do I have to play a little Joe Bowen there because it was holy McEnau. Even you would recognize that. Who? Members of the Su St. Marie Travel of Chiple Law and the insurgent of Bayden who was responsible for the mistake of the trans current and former chairman claiming each other the Detroit news reported Wednesday that Detroit news. The tribe now is quickly building a two and a half million dollar replacement casino left the site in Maconau County's forest township north of St. Ignis. It was that Ignats trying to think of who the hell we used to call Ignats. But anyway, it was not a compliment. It wasn't until actually we had the pilings and foundation placed that we realized something wasn't quite right to ensure that Aaron Payman said we did another survey in front of the all but 30 feet of the casino. We got an ineligible land payment knew about the problem before our left office and his head two and a half years to work it out former chairman Bernard Boucher said it wasn't me. It was a nice tribe I him to blame me but I know said they responsibility for a screw up. That's what Joe Bell says about Greg Reid to I'm sure. When you think I imagine there are 17 Indian casinos in northern Michigan and two are open and the next two years in southern Michigan. The states Indian casinos took in nine hundred and eighty million dollars in 2005. You're going to start to think about how much money there isn't a casino to give him time. Oh my god. I'm going to wait a word by Mr. Day. I have any idea how much cash is on hand in a given time because they got like two thousand machines in their mind. And you know all the you know the boxes that they put in the machine they change and like every morning to take the bills. They forget about the coins. Most places don't use coins. They're phasing them out. But the bill boxes, you know, you put in your 20s and your 50s and your 10s and your 100s. Your 100s. Yeah. Your 100s maybe. Yeah. Well I'm saying I'm not going to go there and play five and ten dollar bills. You think of some kind of a slipper. What that would be the fun of that. I'm not going to go there and play penny and two penny machines. It falls you. They got like two penny sliders. And then they have one penny slas as a matter of fact all these places. penny sliders. If you have popular there. Very very popular. They're all the old ladies. See that's where your old ladies are. The people that you think go to play slot machines. Those are the ones that play them the nickel and dime. I played the nickel slots. Yeah. Well a slipper. What do you spell? What's right there? That's a night old. Of course the only problem with that is if you eat a lot of pay the nickel slots. You can play like 25 coins a pull or 30 whatever the hell it is. 25. Not a man. So you're really playing a bucket of half or two bucks every time you hit the button or pull the handle. See what I'm saying if you play the max or mad max. How are we doing on this thing? We're going to make her for all 13. 74. We got it made in the shade. We're in a nice sway. I don't know if he was. I walk up to him and say hey can that be felt? See I hope because I'll never know on the scene. Obviously like he said before the show is all stupid fantasy. Which we all do that absolutely. But I'm just hoping that he looks as good as I think he does. You know what I mean by that? Yeah. When you had the watch and name there in the studio who just gave all our money to Nick. When he had Jessica, he's a journalist studio. He's in there too. Right. She looks pretty good. She looks pretty good. You know what she looks like a normal person. She wasn't wearing like a whole lot of makeup or anything. She looked like she was on her way to the beach. And she looked just fine. But why? And of course she's just a young kid anyway. How old was she like 19, 20, when she was in early 20s or less? Or less than that. I watch it now. That's not less than what. I think you're like I only wish that I could have been paid to have sex with her. You're right. What you said earlier. Oh. Oh. I only wish that I had sex with James Franco for free. I don't want to be paid for it. Just because you want to pick on Nick again. He wasn't paid to have sex with her just because he hasn't earring in both ears. Well, I want to make him everybody is everybody you're all like his name. What is there not to like about him? What do you ever do to you? What is that not to like sex with her? And then they got in the course. How do you know? And he got paid. How do you know he had sex with her? She talked about it. Yeah. Right. She did talk about it. She said he was hung like a midget. I'm not making that up. You're going to print the story out in Sanituya. No. All right. You're trying to burst my bubble now. I don't really care about it. I know. So what should you care? That's right. She said it twice to do different. He talked about James Franco. I might care. But in his case, I don't care. He's old news. Don't you understand what you do understand. He's old news with millions of dollars. No. Because that's her money. And you're just jealous. He didn't have a job. That's right. Well, brush your approval rating. We're going to LA Times Bloomberg 45%. But the CBS News New York Times 37%. Well, somebody's right somewhere. And it must be because the things are going so to be the economy and the Iraqi. And of course, it's falling gas prices. We all know that's just a coincidence. And they're going to continue going down even after the election. Oh, not. Have you ever felt at the moment you pay for something in the stores? The moment that the people are stopped carrying a boat. That amount of matters is that they're best after you purchase that new mattress. That's one of the most important things. Plus, of course, all the way around the deal they make is unbeatable. Call that amount first. Tull free at 1-800 mattress. Get factory-direct prices lower than the chain stores. That amount of matters also has 12 months financing for you. Call 1-800 mattress. You'll get the lowest prices on the best brands like you. I've been doing for years. And I've been doing as well. Sidley, Cirther, King Coral, Serenze and Banana Sposter, Simmons, 10 per p.d. 2. Down on mattress is got a 99.7% on-time deliveryway as well. Now, through us, you want to make sure you pick the two hour window delivery window. Needing to 2-1-3-7 days a week, 8-8-10pm, when it's convenient for you. And they show up. In fact, if you call right now, they'll even show up on the very same day that you call. It could be sleeping like a baby in real comfort as soon as tonight. Don't forget, after Carous, one of the major reasons why while Donald McHorse continues to be right number one of the world in customer satisfaction. Instead of wasting all that cash and gas, slipping around all over town, comparison, chopping and vetting and department stores, just sit there on your fat ugly ass right now, make the one easy call, and that's all you need to do. File a mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES, leave off the last S-B-Cosit stands for Stupid Saleshold. The biggest thing is so best to look at this is real rotors for S-Ridio 560. Donald McHorse is a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy who's a boy AzerA AzerA Sanyaki you know I'm a boosess The two of you should all start from my heart So you're coming to my side So you're a good girl I'm fine, fine, fine, fine I guess I'm right, I'm fine So you're a good girl You can die if death has been true to your soul If death has died if death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul If death has been true to your soul Because when I'm 14 and I'm going to be talking to the front page is a Washington Post tomorrow 14 every vote on a couple of days before our worship Chana Wow That is shocking isn't it a little bit that love minutes to go. We need 13 votes piece of cake Man, so I just like Michael said the K and got five or three cake and you wonder what is this Diabetical keeps going into that bed of commas and thrashing on the floor. What's he doing with a piece of cake Maybe it was like low carb cake. Yeah, maybe meat cake Maybe you had like a sorbet on it or multi-tall You know when I was in the drugster yesterday get my blood strips and they at the counter while you're waiting You know, there's all that impulse shopping. They put that stuff out there and he was a bunch of chocolate bars sugar free Oh boy, no, no, don't do it. I didn't and I picked a couple of muffin. I looked at them and they look very enticing Yeah, you know, you read and I read the label and the first ingredient both them was multi-tall I don't know thank you. I put them right I told I threw them down like they had like a cluster bomb Because I know if I would've eaten them I would add my own cluster bomb when a bomb a grand day Why did they do that to us? You know those of us with delicate sensitive stomachs? Wonder if James Franco has a sensitive tummy 13 every day But yeah, and that's something how are all the same? We all go through these phases. You know he goes through phases and life you become obsessed with somebody or something and then like You know like two weeks later well, you're on a something different. You know we all do that get it right That's what I say everybody does that Maybe it made us after you find out what you were so obsessed with in the first place was not like good Malcolm Ritter and the associated press writes a star like and of course All of these articles, but they never make any reference God forbid because it's on the ABC website They would normally make any reference to religion Quister in a discovery sure to fuel an old debate about our evolutionary history That's as close as they come Scientists defund they remarkably complete skeleton of a three-year-old female from the eight man species represented by Lucy Lucy and she was old by no she was that old the remains found in Africa are a three-point Million years old making this the oldest known skeleton of such a youthful human ancestor Did you see this story carbon dating is a satanic plot It's pretty unbelievable discovery it's sensational On Daily I've said will heart court Smith of researchy American Museum of Natural History and New York who wasn't involved in the fun and provides us with a wealth of information Three-point three million years old and of course the Bible says well God And better the five thousand years ago and a Hebrew calendar, you know 60 or whatever it is 56 Craft it's all a bunch of crap man made garbage For one thing it gives new evidence for a contentious view about whether this species which walked up right also climbed and moved through Trees easily the species are straddle to fecus Affarinesis I can't believe I said that and then when I first looked at I thought how am I gonna read that? I still a pithicus I said it right and say I was gonna read it right. I just like you with us meningi But astro pelot I will I just say astral config how I let it look pithicus You can't say that I thought we're poor you to Joyce you're real pithor Affarinesis which lived an African between about four million and three million years ago the most famous Affarinesis is Lucy discovered Ethiopian so many four creature that lived about a hundred thousand years after the new found specimen The new find is reported in today's issue of the natural natural nature the skeleton was discovered in 2000 in North Eastern Ethiopia Scientists has spent five painstaking years moving the bones from sandstone and the job will take more years to complete Surging by how what it was preserved the skeleton may have come from a body that was quickly buried by sediment and the flood of researchers Vc and it's so once the lifetime find they said the skeleton's been nicknamed salam Which means peace in several Ethiopian languages salam like show all the salam is along the earth Ethiopian languages How many do they have But third man I think what the article meant to say in several languages, but it says several Ethiopian languages When you think that there would be but I'm just a lot of social and you see I don't want to put words in there For us so long which means peace in many languages if you open your otherwise Haley Salas, see you rest more scientists believe Affarinesis did a prank and walked on to feet, but they are here, but whether he had it had a black agility and freeze That's the deal whether it was in a tree creature climbing and Shive in and whatever But you think what both ways that imagine and that's what probably it's what he said who knows days Barbarians I would be surprised. I'm gonna well refresh that thing. Don't forget you want to see a really entertaining good Lot of action a lot of romance a lot of tears a lot of laughter Tristan and this old bull doesn't anything that Chris tells you it's for whatever's name is Josh It just ain't your name. Well, we got so many Chris is now in a building. Got like five It's amazing now that we have any of them who have any idea what they're doing no but don't get Chris cross Oh hey Chris Joe Now I was gonna say fairy 1393. I will guarantee you we need only seven in seven minutes We can't make the 1400 none of us are coming back tomorrow I We got to 14, I'm revoking, don't forget to give that in choir. I'm revoking, don't forget to play Ramadan. I'm revoking, don't forget to play Ramadan. I'm revoking, don't forget to play Ramadan. Bye bye!