Telling people where to stick them. It's called brachatology. Oh, right. Oh, wow So I've got one for you. Yeah, yeah Apparently the Panthers. Yeah, I know I got it. Oh the five dollars charge You know something this is part of what's called being fan friendly and so for it was another reason not to be there Just to you can't draw flies in that place. This is your good buddy Alan Colon there to Panthers organization or some Vosil in here who made a really stupid decision I would probably use to this it was supposed to go to family of four and I heard that echo again like heard yesterday And not real hand just heard it, too. Yeah, uh, suppose you got a family of four Now are they charging each person doesn't say in a hero article it says The Panthers starting July 1st will charge a five dollar fee to anyone Walking on the property for any event of banking money center. They're gonna put up a big fence who he can't cross the grass You know just to piss off the public and do it with chase people away So in other words, you got a family of four. Does it mean he's gonna cost a $20 not to park? Point I was just to walk in there. Well family of four you could actually String them together and shove two people over the fence. Yeah. Oh seriously, what is it? How about you got like a family of five? It's gonna cost you 25 bucks not to park just for the honor We're going in and buying your tickets on top of that and paying for the overpriced crap food Alan Colon man you are a muddy colon you're an idiot. We used to put people in the trunk when we'd go to ice cool That's a good idea. Yeah, so I go into the drive drive in movies right now Jam guys in the trunk Well, it's wrong with that. That's no problem with that. That's what people are gonna have to start you They're gonna have to hide their kids under their coat I don't I mean I haven't heard of some stupid things in my life and then the excuses Well, they're tired of people are trying to work caused delays by darting through traffic coming from the saw grass What a pile of garbage that is you know they got traffic lights there as it is and If that's the case then pay for a couple of extra security cops to stop but they give people to stop doing that But no, and then on top of it all the money is going to charity The money going to charity. Yeah, that's what they said it's going to big brothers and big sisters I think it ought to go to big mothers as in mother Yeah, oh, I thought it was true. That's what the fans are gonna be saying. I thought it was for the pay Oliocan and charity and I don't know They claim it's going for a charity So this is just another way to screw the public once again Stick it to the people I don't want me to sharpen the first place. Yeah, I'll pick my own They've been in that building now for I think seven seasons. I could be wrong about that could be more And they've made a playoff's once and they're not gonna make a diss year. Tampa one last night They're not gonna make a diss year again You know they they side you're gonna need one three games and we'll big deal Nobody cares about them first of all because they know hockey fans I mean it would seem to me that when you're desperately trying to build a fan base You don't keep doing things to piss people off. It's like the dolphins with the parking outrage and got there at the stadium same kind of crap only these dolphins at least you got you know fans that show up. Yeah, you would think it would be like running your business Where you know you depend on long-guss and phones and they don't pay the bill. Yeah, there you go How could that pay on being able to watch the direct TV? And you don't pay the bill and you can't know a satellite like the beeslees Like that happened, huh? That could never happen It's your candidate does I mean I'm here trying to record these guys yesterday for this show They had about 14 coaches on to talk about the basketball tournament coming up. Yeah, and we can't make a long-business call Oh, yeah, I heard about that is the in fact It couldn't fast me anything either because it was long-business same thing the last half of the show nobody can Thanks me somebody over to the phone company with it. Yeah, what a joke. Well, I'm probably we didn't pay that bill either. Nope. That's that's exactly what it was. Are you serious? Get out of here. Are you sure? Just like they paid it with a sack of pennies and it just took them that life They were still counting on you. Yeah, what a joke and this is a company. It's listed on the stock exchange Like I said don't look just to take the money. Okay, at least they pay us. Yeah, that's true So all we can do with this point. I've got a little bit of a pity Like I sit down in the morning and I look to see if we have any new copy from a certain Sales people and like nothing and that I've earned about a half a second I start getting agitated and they thought what the white here? I'm still getting paid you know These people just don't care. That's what the bottom line is they can keep shuffling new sales managers in and 80 new sales people every two weeks It doesn't make any difference. They just don't care. You know, it's a Schlok So let's just take the money and have a good time I think you have the answer you just play music like the other their other stations Not a hell with that. I'd rather come on here and open up a big mouth Yeah, it's a rare opportunity to open up a big fat mouth and spew for four hours So that's what I do. I enjoy I love it And I had that another I totally yesterday about my good force on Sunday night unscathed over appearance That was pretty good. Yeah, I did the same thing yesterday I keep on it. We're gonna have a lot of a streak and wow. I've made a five Bigger score yesterday. Wow. Yeah. Well, that's what the beast did. He made a five figure score That's a decimal point. So after the first three So I'm on a little streak here. Well, that's good Well, maybe maybe you can cover the apartment fees so these people certainly rely first at the end to center You know what I'll stand out there right next to the guy who has the work for food sign and end at five dollar bills We need to fix this problem today. He said Michael you are marked the panther's CEO We have backed up we have people backed up for 30 minutes We're trying to get into our building after games is probably we're trying to get out. Wait it all what's too bad Well, what does that mean they have people backed up Constipated yeah, that's must be what it means. I don't what he's talking about or back with Like our facilities I'm into a zillion games. They're anniversary any problem with people being backed up across the street It's just idiotic or stupid backed up like the facility sharing this wonderful building and if they're so backed up And start the games in 730 instead of 7 o'clock people used to come in the end the first period when they started the 730s You can imagine now they started seven on week nights Nobody's there yet because people are most people are working Or out there panhandling or something got a schedule Just have absolutely no clue on how to treat the public no clue I remember when they in the early days of that arena and some of the seats that they built in the corners You know because we wanted a lot more seats instead of fewer seats that they would you know It looks a lot better when you got a 18,000 seat capacity and it'll be over 14,000 people looks full when you got a 20,000 seat capacity It looks like there's a lot of empty seats in there are so they had to put extra seats in there So some of the people of Paul season tickets they found that their seats over turn the corners are like about half the size of the regular seats They're like these big fat guys sitting It's quite try to sit on a on a teapot, you know, just ridiculous You know the kind of teapot that Joe Carroyo will throw it is wife that kind What a joke walking panther fan and again the story doesn't say It's just stupid. I mean who what how can you do that? How can you charge people who don't want to park in your lot? Who don't want to pay you to park there? And it would be like it would be like a restaurant that has belly parking only at all and so you park across the street for free And you walk out of their property It's all right. You'll have to give us five bucks a because you're not parking Whoever heard a such a thing Painted somebody for a service did not provide Much of fascists to be asked me the panther organization and as always you know there's a couple of guys You're a bit very nice to me over the years and that's wonderful, but in terms of the way they treat the average fans out there It's it's it's a disgrace and the dolphins have even worse You can't complain about the fan from the instead of dolphin games because they really did like the girl stopo in there You know that. Yep Boy you don't have like 18 if you have 18 press passes in like 45 forms of picture ID you can't even think about going upstairs there You know they press area for get about it Remember when we had the games and I would be but I was always a real picnic going up there It could be the dirty looks like they like to shoot your ass. They probably did In that place yeah, now that we got the new lawn floor to the problems the good thing I'm not there And probably woods who might as well when I thought I could tell you existed new head of security His name is Cheney. Oh, I see well I can tell you like that I dick Well, listen, like I said we're taking the might of the bank saying you're on a hot roll I'm actually starting a one a few bucks, so which is very rare for me Keep it going well you said now go today. I'm not going here today. I'm not either I'm pretty about tomorrow on Thursday though sounds good because right nearly a Wednesday got to cleaning You see that that isn't a great the way we make excuses for ourselves Tomorrow the cleaning lady comes into will I could just as easily go out and go to lunch at two o'clock and sit and have it I should relax and lunch while she you know only in here for 40 minutes But no, so Wednesday's is my excuse to run off to a you know where you know and of course Thursday We got to Marlon game so 1250. I'll be out the door like a shot like a shout out of a can Wow, what are you laughing about you? Why because you because you know it's true. It is a great life. I'm having a good time. I'm not gonna change my life I'm not gonna destroy my Financial situation Okay, I'm with you. Yeah Tomorrow I'll be joining Before before you know we'll both be in a box. So let's at least enjoy it now It'll be stopping on our grave. I have faster now. Oh, well, they're leading the meantime. We'll have a good time with somebody's money Sounds good to me. Yeah, I think we have to start charging a five dollar fee to listen to the show He's okay if Steve Stern can do it. Why don't we do it? Yeah, maybe while that stock is dropping like a rock Yeah, are you serious? Yes And XM 2 is not a fact boy. They're really off to us XM. They got a real problems since they signed up Martha Stewart I think or no, that's the serious Who did they sign up on XM some redneck oh Yeah, Oprah that redneck that's it. That's it Oprah. That's the one and by the way the folks in Dubai are you saw that? And they wanted to come and do a week shows over there Not that they're trying to do as big PR can try every pair of they've been promised to buy two years It's a fly-fagre for Bob Dole. That's how they got him on a payroll You see that he was one of the publicists he was one of the lobbyists for them in Washington Bob Dole Limphobdole I think he's got that much cloud if he asked me That's what Elizabeth said well listen have a great day keep it going keep that a week going yeah, and of course now What he oh my college whoops at this stage wow oh this is you guys like like a smorgas board This is like fat rich into buffet and Vegas exactly When he puts somebody else's ticket on his table because he didn't want to pay for it Yeah, that's the truth. I totally that's true. Yeah Took took the ticket that they put on the table off somebody else's table and put it on his so he'd get it for free And then went to the buffet it was incredible That's probably one of the reasons he's not with us anymore, but anyway punishment enough about that all right you two see you Previous programs are those of the host guests and colors names of my Boys and girls that's my message to you. They forget about everything else take some money And run don't be a fool Don't be an idealist just take some quick and money and run every on the air by the way That man, but Oh Two one and Ballet off They don't They got it in a run You said And they won't ask for a long sea crazy I want to go up Seeing all this time. I know it sounds crazy And we talking to them over They did do Put them Maybe we can avoid That's an us to the moon Put them Oh Good bed all right Do you like to relax? So you think you watch me? You think you're so great Don't beware They're talking to themselves But that didn't take We know your country doesn't bother with diplomacy You better know what stuff and try to get us to a free Who be hey? That's it Oh They got it in a run They've got small stops Fending for the dinner Don't want boy you don't breathe They're feeding and Madness You don't know will be done They can try to use a nuclear bomb All boring 10 13 at 5 60 WQAM Happy Tuesday March 14 man. It's March madness They have to basketball They can't use that term They're gonna get them to a trade Yeah Well, that's why I like your first example in the beach forage bot We can't say it's March madness because they've trademarked that expression It's gonna point out we can't say anything because everybody's got a trade You can't even say But third man We're gonna trade Mark night. I'll do right if you say we're gonna find you a hundred million dollars Take your ass to jail 10 14 at QA. I want to drive you This morning, I'm full rake here It's melt like a rotten car piss on a dinner plate I pulled the cover up over my head so I could breathe But your rumbers keep in me awake Even though I know you never shave under your arms I've been trying my best That's concern reminds me of my toilet rainbow Nice and speeding for your armpits You're so stingy It's melt like a cry threat Always remember saying you're so stingy yeah veg far-thump cuz you smell like some words shy you make a real beer cause I'm feeling just a little bit tired of this it's all sorts nice vest. you'll you'll know it doesn't exist I don't have any blessing, left to the name. And the more you're like moldy wood, when it was, check your pulse, you smell like a corks bud. And when you're here and wash your neck, the raccoon, my shatis, it's fully red. I've got some sweet, thick moldy aromptids, you're so stinky, smell like a happy aromptone, ten twenty two and before we do anything else, we got to get ten five to twelve and who both are sure talking noodles just to remember he was on his way. That's right. Bag of, we need to see noodle or it. Maybe that's him online too right now. WQA, hello. You're going to kneel, okay. How are you? Good. Listen, I hope those deadheads over at the panther thing. That's his father, accountant and their lawyers. Yes. Because they're openly claiming that's going to charity. They're going to have a backup because I want to receive. Wow, that's a good idea. I mean, come on. Yeah, that's right. It should be tax deductible if it's going to charity. That's what they're claiming. So they're going to have you, you handwritten receipt and it'll back it up for like hours. Thank you very much. Excellent idea. Nice gone pal. Yeah, anything to stick it to them. And we'll get to that in a minute. That really pisses me off, man. It's just another way. One of the most fan on friendly organization in the first place where they gouge, you know, when those, those uncomfortable seats in the corners there in a way they gouge for the food and it just never ends, you know. And so desperate to get people in there. Oh, listen, if you'll buy a season tickets, what do you like? 700 free tickets per game and all this other crap, you know. And then people that are paying like 60 or 70 bucks a ticket and they turn to the person next to them. Oh, I find out to take that ticket for free, you know. Well, that's really nice. When you spent all that money and you find out the person sitting in the same section, right next to you, got tickets for free. Line 9 is not the sure talking. I guarantee you that. QAM, hello, noodle line. Yeah, that was the noodle line. So, uh, what? That was noodles. That was noodles, okay. I wonder, maybe he still was great. Be down noodles. Yeah, there in either out of ammo, if you believe the collar would set it time jick us. Good time. Sorry, that great taste. Yeah. Neil, this is noodle. Well, that's good. Congratulations to you. What an idiot. No wonder they called him Don Agony. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, your lost collar was half right. They're going to collect the money and then they're going to pay it to charity and they'll take the tax deduction. No, that's what they're right. You can't get away. You're probably right. They're going to let us scam. What a scam. I'll get to the article. This thing is going to piss off the very few of Panther fans that are mean, you know, you can sign only jokin in and even sign all the other work to the long row and all the set of crap and, by the way, who the hell else is going to play with them? You know, that's already got them. But the fact of the matter is that there's so minimal interest in the first place. It'll be one thing if people were not conned down the doors to get in and people were clamoring because there's such a big base of hockey fans and stuff that are not when you got a marginal sport. I mean, really marginal in America, especially in South Florida. You think that you've tried to do something that we fan friendly, but no, not in Miami, maybe not in Fort Lauderdale, not in sunrise. Is this sure attacking guy going to call or not? QAM, noodle line. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you today? Ah. How many QAMs? Hi, Neil. It's through Greg Dudeau. Is on W.J. and A. You just started about it. We can have to go. So Tom Zick has got bad news once again on Sunday. Hey, Tommy. This information he was doing a talk show in Alabama, Tom Rice. That was just in Sunday, Sunday. And then all of this probably written a couple of weeks in it. Yeah. That's how Tom is lazy. You know, stuff is like ancient old news. Right. Well, he saw George Kaufman at the do. Oh, wow. I think he's called his niche. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. By the way, noon to noon today, noon to noon. We'll have our QM vanage on the baker for our daily Begathon. And by the way, we won't even charge you to park there. How do you like that? We won't charge you out. We won't charge you to park even if you walk up. John Baker. This is the one at 125 92 pines of all of our deaths in the home depot. Shopping center. The corner of Pines and Flamingo. With the best of meal stuff. But third man. See these in T-shirts, which the proceeds are going by the way to a Banda Perrisque. We're not making that up. That's right. And, really, we'll have a just a strike back. Even though this thing doesn't start to july first. The Macarena. Really, we'll have a limited supply of pants. There's parking passes. Think of a way to people to show up there too. You're like that. I like it. Just as a way of saving us some cash. And striking back and showing me panther organization. How rightfully people are pissed off of this latest piece of insanity. How can we piss you people off? How can we chase you away? You know, it's that kind of a deal. Very sad. But typical. WQ and noodle line, hello. Not there. But when you think that guy would have called right off the bat, you would think. I mean, this is information that I need. You know, maybe nobody else has the right. Here's a bottom. Of course, my stuff has already come in the mail. But I'd like to find out before I just threw it all away. WQ a. Hello. Good morning, yo. Mr. Did you realize the car was just quitting? Yeah, I got to that. That was story because he's p.o. To my scienceologist got to a man. Make no mistake about it. I'm going to probably start to give him a shaft. You think he was a cool guy and then he turns out to be a complete. Yeah, I'm going to. Yeah. I know. Great. I got it. Scores a cardboard box. He's been on out of South Park doing the voice because, oh, well, you know, they have to respect for religion. And at the meantime, how about the moment they did the virgin Mary, a blade of her ass, huh? Right. And all the other stuff they've done, a sacralage of stuff, which is hysterical. There's no law. It's just like this thing about, well, you know, you're making fun of our religion. Well, so why not? That's my thing. My religion. Yeah. Who'd out cares? Anyway, here's the pool from yesterday. And I forgot. We'll do it tomorrow. I've already got it laid out about who has season tickets to what? I think the pants are number. Maybe going down very fast as low as it is. Just when you thought it couldn't get any lower. When you go in any Marlon's games this season, 1310 votes. Maybe a couple 341 maybe. No, they screwed the fans again, 294. I'll pack them to sandwiches. Move already. Bye-bye. 292. 2292 vote. I hate baseball. I'm not going. No. 181. Yes. I'm going to several games. 94. That's 7%. I hate this fully. And I'm a season ticket older. 144%. That's not how you say it. How do you say it? Looks 19. No, it's not the S&W. How do you say 19? Yes, he's right. No, it's not. All right. Well, attacking, they got like different words. Well, I don't want to go through the whole thing. Only 19. 1.4% season ticket older for the Marlins. Wow. But, but if you do go to the Panther games, they'll toss you a free bag of sure-talky noodles. This is Neil Rogers. Yes. Is 5.16. A-s-s. Now, you see Jay's super-former. The Grammys will pull the cart. I'm going to go. Yes, I am. Yes. And now, the whole becomes out of retirement. Yes. Yes. Yes. Could do well with all the legend. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You've never had more beautiful to West than D. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. J-D. Do you want to watch it? Yeah. I intend 30 a Q.M. Look at that. What? You just mentioned it this morning. You're running away. I mean, we had data and proved us looked like we had data back. She looked stern to all the time. She looked like she's got a shrunken hidden. She's got the senior wince's mouth. And it would look like that. That ice would fit her. Yeah. So, she's not all right. She's a noxious. Anyway, here's that story. I'll get it on the way now. Isaac Hayes, who we do ought to get the shaft. As Quetzal Park where he versus Chef, saying he can no longer stomach its take on religion. Well, you know what? Your mom. How do you like that Isaac? Hayes was played the ladies' man's school of cook in the animated comedy school, or central center since 1997. Suddenly, he feels that a line has been crossed. Well, guess what, Isaac? You crossed it. You crossed our line. You're a jackass. Yeah, give me old shaft. Back home. There's a place in this world for a setter, but there's a time when setter ends at intolerance and bigotry to her religious beliefs about this begins. We're 63 year old singers outspoken science, how to set it. Religious beliefs are sacred. And like I said, all the other sets are related about all the other religions. No problem at all. But as soon as they started to pick it on science, that's the one to get all better to shape it by. Religious beliefs are sacred to people, and at all times we'd be restricted in honor of you continue. Well, that's a bunch of crap, right? As a civil rights activist in the past 40 years, I can't support to show that this respect to those beliefs and practices. But you know what? We'll pack your sandwich, I think. That's right. And it'll be traced. South Park Hope Theatre Matt Stone responded sharply and interviewed with the APS that I say, this is 100% having to do with this faith of science,ology has no problem in these kids, and has plenty of text with our show making fun of Christians. And a boy, Matt, you got your thumb right on a baby. That's Stone who is Jewish, by the way. Yeah, there you go. When's he gonna start making part of the Jews educate? I'll hurt her for a second. I know it's so hard. I already have this. Last November, South Park Targeted the Church of Scientology and its celebrity followers, including actors Tom Cruise and John Revolta and the top rated episode called Trapped in the Closet. Time will come out of the Closet. And the episode's Stan, where the shores for a mischievous fourth graders is held as a reluctance savior by Scientology leaders. While a cartoon crew is locked himself in a closet and won't come out. Stone told the AP and he and Coop created Trapped Parker never heard of Peep out of Isaac in any way until we did Scientology. He was a different set of religions other than his own. And to me, that's where intolerance and bigotry begin. I score on air, Matt and Trapped. That's right. We go boys. God, what a jackass. I'm telling you, that scienceology thing. It's the whole, it's almost as sick as the thing I saw on E&E last night. Two hours special on polygamy. Oh yeah. Mainly based in the state of Utah. That's right. We're over in patches from by the way Utah. And about these crazy polygamous and what they're doing and abusing. And they are just, it's just like making life a playground for the guys. So they can bang any number of women they want and the daughters and rape and abuse. They're just your whoever they want. Right. Oh, here you go. Somebody says the dope, the look at what a line of man. And jam and John summers. Woo! Jam and John on Jan. And Joyce Kaufman. She's so Jewish. She's almost unbelievable. Oh boy. And Greg Videll, long time south for the radio's the host of the, how do you like that? Tom, jiffy, you blow it again, baby. You don't have any clue what's going on. I know what I'm going to miss my 30th anniversary. I'll probably have that in about two weeks. Tom's a little bit in the behind these days. Videll hosts a six 40s afternoon show. And it goes on but a bit. I've never been to the book but doesn't mention anything in here about his fine work. He did the country kitchen and Hollywood as a waiter. What? Those are his salad days. I understand. He can be heard. Oh, ho. He can. And by the way, everybody's still a hate you like poison Greg. How do you like that? He keeps coming back. He won't go away and stay away. He just keeps coming back like a bad penny. They don't like you Greg and South of the Hague to. Anyway, so every day from two to six on WJN86040 surrounded by a special doctorate of the favorite songs targeting all of them to 240. Videll is a must for any program testing the market targeting the market. Whatever that means. I see this is a sales propaganda from what's from the eye-dine person. Who's obviously somebody inside over there. That's who this is. Now, who do we know that's over there? Must be PD Lenny. That's why he's a nice and verb. This isn't Tom's style. He wouldn't waste his time with us. It's either Mark Eisenberg and I don't think it's him because he hates me like poison. It's probably a PD Lenny. Isn't that where he is? I don't know where he is. Where's he with Cox broadcasting now? I don't know. He's on the other side of the eye-dine. And he's pure chrome. Is that guy going to call in with the noodle story or not? Where's the noodle line? Hello. The surefocic guy. Alright, see you all right. I can do it. You know, I'm getting it as we speak. I think that's how you want. It's good. It's bland. Yeah. But it's got the same texture as the like the raw men noodles. But none of them were with raw men. I'm impressed. I'm really surprised that you put a little salt on it. Like I think the people in the story they put a little tomato sauce on it or something. But it really tastes pretty good. And it's cheap. It was a buck 50 for eight ounces. Right. So I'm very excited. But didn't have a really bad smell when you open up the sound. Oh, not at all. And it's just bland and plain. Yeah, well, let's face it. Post it as never any taste anyways. What you put on it makes the taste. Exactly. So what the hell if it's got almost no calories. I don't expect it to taste great. But it's filling it in. And it's got a nice texture. Let me ask you if you checked your blood sugar after you ate it? No, not yet. Well, I would do that before you get too carried away because some of these. I've tried some of these products in the past that allegedly had only so many usable carbs in the audience. And then you're finding your blood sugar is like 400. You don't have to eat it. Better not. No, no, no, no, no. Forget about that. The proof is in the pudding as you know. If you're diabetic, check your blood sugar before you go like a coconut. Okay. Okay. But it's not paling. Pretty good. It's not a good thing for a while. Okay. Thank you. That's a good thing. I'm going to call him. We're going to get some of those other things. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to call him. Okay. I'm going to call him. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I said my summer vacation. Yeah, sure. Every day we're going to be doing this. We don't have to. It's going to get a little pondress. I mean, big and that's okay. We've got to kill some good time. And give me a year in the ruralism to do. Go out there and meet our fine crowd out there. See the gravity eyes again. The guy with a fanny pack. Maybe by Michael show up. Maybe your buddy will be there. Screaming. Hit work. Hit work. So here's the story. A lot of people already peoed about and I don't blame them. In the hero this morning George Richards, right? Sounds like a woman to me. What was that transvestite? What Richards? Who was that Denise Richards? No, no, no, no. Well, some of the fine. I'm not going to say that. Renew Richards. Okay. Renew is a wager. I only know Rupal. And Daymedna. Frugal hockey fans might be by, but you listen to this. This is really important to the 40 people who go to the games. Frugal hockey fans would say money by parking for free at sawgrass, mills, and dashing across pants or parkway traffic lanes on game lights. Our butt to get hit in the wall and starting July first, the panthers will start charging you $5 feet. Anyone walking on the property for any event of the bank Atlantic Center. So like if it's a concert, you know? Because in July, I don't think we're going to be playing too much hockey there. But if it's like a concert, which I can't think of anything else, they're going to soak us. Sockets. Sockets. Sockets. Reason for the new fee. Safety concerns in the traffic delays caused by fans darting through traffic said Michael, your Mac. Panthers CEO and Lover in the season ticket holders. We need to fix this problem that day said you're marked. We have people backed up for 30 minutes. Sockets. Sockets. More. We're trying to get into our building after games is probably worse trying to get out. Some fans have worth it gets crazy for the Panthers who frequently play in front of 100s that should read thousands of empty seats. The Sockets fans who do show up in the added fee. It's right. Nobody wants to go there. But if you want to come here and subsidize our crappy operation, then we're going to like stick it to even more than ever. That's really what you call fan friendly. Not. Your marks as money raise the load of charity. The first beneficiary will be the big brothers and big sisters of Broward. It costs 15 bucks to park a few. We know all those season ticket holders can pay for $10 passes. Free partners available to those who drive Lexus vehicles. So if you drive Lexus, then it's okay. Okay. Come in there for free. But if you like one of those shepherds that's walking across the street. Because you don't want to get ripped off for parking, then we're going to soak you five bucks a piece. Or if you can't afford a Lexus. And of course people that are walking across the street obviously can't afford Lexus. This is the best option we can come up with your marks. We think it's going to create a safer environment for people coming to our building. Yeah, it will be safe. It will be going there. It will be all. It will be so safe. Remember that? Just like they wanted to have Michael to have that meeting where he'll be safe. Or her? Well, traffic backs up with pedestrians crossing the streets. They haven't been any major injuries. And those who park at Sargres, he must have a decision. No. Some fans say they'll just get walking across Panther Parkway. That's 1136 street. Instead of crossing it the light and walking up the Pan Pan Pan Gate. They're going to have a planned payment game. You can just walk through the grass. They can't control the whole area. It's in Mark Wisbee. You go to Saturdays, game from color, red, sunset, etc. But, hey, to break the news, the American brand new is baby. Your marks says offensively erected around the perimeter. It's like a Berlin wall all over. You know? Offensively erected around the perimeter of the parking lots of the scorched fans are running through traffic under arena property without paying. That sounds like an offensive fence. I'm not surprised because people try to make a buck wherever they can. This is another sneaky way of making a dollar said fan, jpeg on a West Palm Beach. What if he's can do a Josepeg on? If there's not a big crowd, they're going to get away with it. For me, it's not going to stop me from coming to games, but it's going to be hard to enforce. Your own market of those parks, if you want to walk to them all, we'll get special passes to not to be charged twice. Oh, isn't that gentile? Ooh, maybe they can stare at my forehead. But fans are still grumbling, not that would be for ass Wednesday. It's ridiculous that it was because we wanted to think that nice about this remain as people can come up here, spend the day in the mall, the walk cross and go to the game. It's convenient to have them all so close. Well, that's what you thought. Your mark says that Tina's been working on the problem for months. He added he has informed summarizes as well as Broward County Board of Commissioners about the new deal. The raw deal. The U.N. was built with county tax money in the teen runs U.N. for the county. Your mark said he spoke with saw grass officials in the past, not so pedestrian bridge would be feasible. We'd erecting traffic to other marine emphasis, also being looked at, although most two park at the main gate where the pedestrians cross, our high money customers would be a premium for parking there. When this building was built, it was never contemplated there would be walk over from the mall, he said, on that was good planning. Just like they had no drain. They had no drain system there. Remember that one day was flooded with like swimming through the way to your car after the game. We know this is a major issue. We think we'd come up with a best solution. This isn't the first time a post sports team has tried to discourage fans from parking for free walking games. In 2000, the rest can begin closing off streets around this suburban stadium, forcing fans who parked for free in your by-land over mall to pay for a bus ride to the stadium. Four years later, the board of administrative appeals and Prince George's county, Merlin said the road as the closures were improper. Three parking was resumed for those willing to make the height of the stadium. And it should be next right now, we call it a start. Okay, it's only the 14th of March. Don't do it. You people and proud, you politicians out there. It's a proud county deal. Maybe the county commissioner should mix this niffin in the bond. Okay, it's unacceptable. And this crap about the money is going to cheer. He liked the guy said, if we're going to fence really to the case, then every person that they so fly a bus for included little kids, they should have the man they ridden, freaking received. This is Neil Rhyme. Everybody's in the bond with nine. This is five, sixteen, two, five. And we're going to put in floor of Panthers. Happy 24th anniversary, Neil. Good luck to rest of you. On tonight's action news. President Bush is heading home after his first trip to Pakistan. Pressure's Bush also attended a quick at the clinic for high school boys taking a few swings himself. Hold the hit him, they're losing. They hit him again. Father's meat. Again. Oh, right in their head. Oh, damn. It's lucky he was a Pakistani pinata. Damn. On tonight's action news. 1646 a few and one. I'm just going to do our today's pull right now. How do you like that? That's good. Yep. Oh, yeah, before you know, to be like 148. 896 votes on here. My sponsor is giving it to other is and look at what a bunch of happy people we have out there. I don't know. Turned about all these divorces. You know, 50% divorce rate. And all these people are divorced yet. 896 votes. My sponsor's significant other is a treasure 172 in that wonderful. Don't have one. That's 70. That's sweet. Sensational 97. Hot 90. I hate this pull. So far all positive things of pain but great in the sex. 64. Well, that's something. On next. 62, George. A 0.51. Aging badly 43. It were a placeable 36. Somebody fasted that. This morning you were like making fun of that. Yeah. 30. Oh, yeah. Well, of course. I make fun of all of it. A slab 23. Stinky six and gross three. But your stock goes last two categories there. Pretty small percentage. Let's see. Two, uh, my three and a half four percent. Stuck with some stinky a slab gross. Not as well way to deal with that. Chutam. Here's a facts from Ed 10. Comments from the Athens vanner Harold and Athens, Georgia. Thanks for re-pretting my comments from the Athens, Georgia vanner Harold, daily newspaper on your website. I travel to the email you will thank you when you re-pretted my March before you buy a poor steel column on your website. I have two sisters who live in Florida. Both are said that you included my writing on your website. So I'm out because I like having readers down in the my my area. Thanks again. Have a great day in Florida. Thank you Ed. And, and I'm out in Miami, right? I just have to tell you how great you're about 30 man CD was. About 30 man. It is pure genius. Wow. Congratulations other job well done. Thank you, President. I'm sorry. I'd like to commend Georgia and Miguel for a great job for the Sumas. Well, come on. Congratulations Georgia Miguel for reducing great cities. Yeah. I have nothing to do with it. I want to keep it that way. Please. Don't forget new to two of John the Baker corner of a pines of Flamingo. One 25 92 pines of Boulevard. And, you know, we would have limited supply of Panther parking passes. Just for a lot of people that are parked off of the Panther organization. Tell me, do you QA and hello. Good morning. You're pretty good. I have another option. I'd like to add to your poll. Okay. I can't answer this time without consulting my significant other. Okay. I would like to. Yeah. Not right. QA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The video that links that you have 911 loose change. Yeah. It's awesome. Yeah, I know it. But it erased a so many questions, man. I know. And if you actually talk to somebody who hasn't watched the video, they're thinking not. Well, in the next case, you still tell them about it. Yeah, man. You're the best man. But because of the video, you try that probably come in dreadnarrase away any on the middle of the night. Don't probably try your ass in. Yeah, I have a couple of friends over to my house last night. And we watch the video because I have a big screen to be in. You put up the computer and they were all blue in now. Nobody walked away. They robbed the food in out, but they were. Okay. Let's see. They robbed the food in with his big screen going. More than 70 dead in a pair of private killings in Iraq. Oh, geez. More bad news. You know something Ed Rollins who's a Republican consultant. He was on UCL. I snob with the Lou Dobbs. He said something about the good news from the administration. Why is a written media because it's not talking about the good news from Racken Ed Rollins. There isn't any good news. That was a Republican saying that. There isn't any good news. Authorities said at least 71 bodies were found in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad during a 30-hour period. Ending midday yesterday or midday today. Excuse me. They're way ahead of us in some ways. Scarking fears that sectarian reprival killings are continuing at a grizzly pace. Grizzly pace. I'm dying out of the hands. 15 bodies were found two day morning in a pack of a pickup in a SUNY neighborhood in western Baghdad. The victims all males between the ages of 25 and 40 have been strangled. Police also found 14 bodies in a shallow grave on the eastern side of the capital of Shiite neighborhood where their hands tied behind their backs and bullets through their heads. And another two bodies have been shot in the head where discovered and said that Baghdad. Police counter the recovery of 40 bodies during 24 hours at the end of six o'clock this morning there at time. Just on and on and on. More in stable than died. Yes, she did. When I first saw the story, I thought it was Jean Stable. Right. Yes, I did. Oh, thank goodness it was only Marine. When I met that's bad. She was nice. She was alright. She wasn't an Oscar or 81 from playing anarchist writer, Emma Goldman and Reds and a Goldman. Oh, I. But I have a feeling she was Irish. Marine Stable to the Oscar winning character actress who's subtle vulnerability and down to earth up his earned her dramatic and comedic roles on stage between and TV died. Monday she was 80. I sold enough. Stable in long time. See, it's only not old enough if you're like 78. Right. Stable in a long time. Smokey would have been living in Lennox down from chronic pulmonary disease that are sending Daniel Ellen tuck. Stable then whose unremarkable, makefully appearance be live her star personality and talent want to can't move her above her doing reds. So prepare for the role she sent she tried reading Goldman's autobiography but soon chucked it out of boredom. She was nominated several times for supporting actress including her first role in 58 slowly hearts. Airport in 70 what he owns in tears in 78. Also 63 musical by Bob Birdie, opposite Anne Margaret and Dick Van Dyke. Johnny Danegrissley cocoon, the money Pidden addicted to law. She was good. Lawrence Stable and she was likeable. You know, right? And I'd be waiting to describe. I know probably the judgeable. By the way, we're going to have a thousand boats on that told that maybe before you can say iskri Biblel. It's a Biblel. 915, 2-light video. Crashed feels former game show host in life only chicken heck and I will know who this is. And people are watching game show channel on old far, it's like me. Former TV game show host in his wife or Kail the S.D. morning when their small plane crashed in a Santa Monica Bay authority said rescue crews were searching for a third person also aboard the plane. The bodies of Peter Tomarkin 63 host of the hit 80's game show pressure luck. Well, I guess he did a little bit too much. And his wife Kathleen Abbey, El Tomarkin 41, identified by the L.A. County Courtener's orifice. The plane was on its way to San Diego to furry and medical patient of the UCLA medical center said Doug Griffith, a spokesman for Angel Flight West and non-profit which provides for your transportation for needy patients, but does not was get through it, anyway. Grimman said that file was a volunteer for the group. According to the FAA, the plane was registered to Markini was the pilot. Uh-oh. Pressure luck. The plane apparently had engine trouble was headed back to Santa Monica airport, about 2 miles inland, but wiped out about 9.35 and just offshore. It was a big splash. A huge splash and it started going down. It's going down. Tomarkin's death was restricted ported by entertainment tonight. Pressure luck was known for its contesting child in the slogan, Big Bucks, No Wamis. You saw that show, no tummy in the United States. Never saw that show. Never saw the whan he? No, no, no. You mean, come on, Big Bucks, no Wamis, no Wamis. No Wamis. And then, Wamis. Got it, sucks. Tomarkin's agent Fred Westbrook said his client's first game sure was hitman, which ran from team with GenBC, followed by a four year hit pressure luck on CBS and was also on bargain hudders, wipe out and paranoia. He was always a fun guy to be around, lost Brock City, just loved the genre of game shows. Kind of like chicken neck. What was the genre of game shows? Somebody QA and Nudeline Hello. Hey, Bill, I want to say you'll return it down. One thing I regard is this panther thing in, and there was me first second law, I explain. I'm hearing. With the attendance, this reporting might happen. They say they have 3000 cars in a parking lot, and they try to tell us there's an average of 3 people for car. That's 9,000. They're reporting attendance to 14,000. That means they had 5,000 walk. That's 25,000. I'm 40,000. That's a billion dollars. That's a billion dollars. That means they're getting a bit donated. That means they're all be talking about it. Okay, I'll talk to you guys. Talk to big brothers and big mothers about us. See if they're going to get the cash. They're going to be donated to charity. They're going to rip you off. So they listen. If you want to give the charity, you know, do it voluntarily. That's the way I look at it. Do you want to help abandon per rescue then get our stuff. If not, then you're at your entire, you're entitled to that. We hate you, but you're entitled to it. But other than that, this business of well, this is the only way to deal with that. Bull crap. Just put more. I mean, they deal with it. The air Canada Center here and every other venue I've ever seen. Just have more cops there. That's also my costume for you extra bucks. They've seen can deal. So jack up to price of food a little bit more. Like 50 bucks a half dollars, set of 40. Boy, why why? Just, I mean, you can't complain about your public relations. They just don't have any. They just don't have any. They're just going to be in the way that they keep begging and begging and emailing and sending stuff in a mail. Oh my god, my house is just innovative with pantheodropings. Air v. Single day. Just unbelievable. That's how this would be. But his other way to piss off the fans, what if you think I left? And if you think that we signing only joking in is going to get more people to come in there. You're dreaming, okay? Most of the people in South Florida would not only yoke it in from the Joker and Batman, you know what? You yoke it? No, I'm telling you. And most of the people like the Joker Batman have a lot better. Who the hell was that? The Joker? The Joker that was Vincent Price? Did it was? No. Again, a lot of you. Caesar Romero. Are you sure? Yeah. Are you sure? Burgess Maddard murder was the penguin, right? Frank Gorshol was the riddle. Right. And Batman was his ward, not his- This is Neil Rogers. This is Neil Rogers' show. The watch's falling. There's this new grain. Watch, watch, watch, watch. What's going on? Any questions. And our next goal is number 1. And since that day was released, our whole career is in there last week. You think you're clever. Still fire the fire to war. No, see. No big mess in me. Oh, you're a beast. That's fine, you brother. No more fire. You'll be seen. There may be high. If I was in the fire, you'd be... Did you that person of boy just pushing his medic here for any watch this to me? You're a quite a flashlight for more than two right now. I thought I smelled something. It's 11.15. It's 60 WQA. And public opinion of the Bush-Mise is speaking of that. Hit a new low. What concerns about the war in the rank-bravig is a pro-written down to 36 percent. The lowest ever. Quarterly CNN USA today Gallopola was one out of pole last week. We've done a 34. I don't know what that was. AP if so, whatever was all the poles all the time. But only 38 percent said to believe they nearly three year old war was going well for the US down from 46 percent in January. While 60 percent said to believe the war was going poorly, that of course ought to be 98 percent. And 50 percent said they believe the March 2003 invasion of Iraq was a mistake. The US September's record, I 59 percent in the same pole. Nearly half of those poles said they believed Democrats would do a better job in advancing the war, even though only a quarter of them said the opposition party has a clear plan for resolving the situation. 60 percent of those surveyed in the latest poles said they disapproved the Bush's performance in office the same figure as the last pole. I mean, there's eventually going to have to like hit rock bottom. I mean rock bottom. They're going to be like, you know what I'm saying? I thought he had like in a reading. No one else just want to say him. And this got to be somewhere at his appointed, which he can't get any lower because his base, you know, his base of rich right wing bastards and religious no jobs. They'll hang on to him forever. I'll offer you who likes him a lot though. It was Mary Kerry. The porn star at Mary Kerry did I with Bush again. Triple X movie actress who caused the stir last summer's eating dinner at the White House again. This way, well, I guess he likes her, maybe who knows? I mean, Laura seems awfully boring to me. I mean, really boring. Now this frigid is the ice princess, but boring. Mary Kerry, the bus in Triple X movie star caused an upper last year for dining with President Bush and her pornographer. Apparently still has a hunger for the nation's capital. We'll have dinner with the president once again this week. He's not a very inviting al-gold state. And believe me, he probably needs to be a lot more in Cheetos. The former candidate for California governors to attend the United to victory dinner with Bush on Thursday, and have lunch at a related event Wednesday tomorrow where Bush adviser Carl Roe was the guest speaker. Well, he won't be looking at her. Hey Carl, you're fairie. No, I didn't. He's there, Mary. Does anything we find ice got a wife in our house? He's the Vorhur, has something like that. I don't know. How do I pronounce? She says she's taken part of the invitation of National Republican Congressional Committee, which is organizing the events. I'm really excited to be going back to Washington DC to present against him, Kerry. Everyone thinks that politicians are stuffy, but we all had a great time last year. I had fun signing a lot of autographs. We clearly see that I've lost 20 pounds since last time they saw me. Black shot, Mr. President, she says. Oh, no. Well, that's the way we can get him in peace. That seems to be the only thing it'll do it. According to a news release, Kerry Slydner received the 2005 California Business of Woman of the Year Award for efforts in starting Mary Kerry Productions Inc. I'm always excited to learn more about what's going on in our nation's capital since most people in the port industry think and Iraqi pullout is a former safe sex she equipped. Thank you. Yeah. Since I'm serious at considering running for Governor California again, I'm going to need a lot of support from Republican lawmakers nationwide, however I can get it. The NRCCC is the same group that accepted $5,000 from Kerry and her for anographer Mark Kokeh, of kick ass pictures. Look at that. What was this in? Hmm. This is on World Nut Daily. Kick A blank pictures. It would be in portuguese. It allowed the perid to take part in the 2005 flag the Fag Day dinner. Asked by WND last year about the variety of the Republican Party collecting $5,000 from a pornographer and the example such an appearance said for the moral climber of the nation. White House press secretary Scott McFellon said, I think I need to direct those questions to the committee itself. When WND contacted the NRCCC about to flag the event spokesman Carl Forty said, they paid their money to matter what they do, the money is going to help the elected Republicans in the house. In other words, they're not choosing they'll take the money. And Kerry said despite her, Raci occupations he's still a Christian. And has her own ass, operations are winning the presidency in the future. I read the Bible and pray every night he explained. All I guarantee a lot of folks out there vote for her before they go for Bush. Kerry, whose real name is Mary Ellen Cook. So she was named after Mary Ellen Kerrick to run the Wolfenstebyshow. How do you like that? Born in Cleveland she was raised in Fort Lauderdale. Studied theater in college, worked jobs in restaurants before trying stripping and then make him to the situation of the world of Senate Royce 6. I kind of wanted to be a porn star. She said I wasn't rated or abused. With the Lutheran grandmother, Kerry says she attended church regularly until the age of 12. Despite having numerous sexual partners, sure means proud of her occupation. I probably have less sex with those guys than a college girl to pick her hands. She says make me less morals. She said, I'm sure a lot of Christians have had sex before Mary. God reads my heart. I'm a good person. I think I have morals. More morals than the politicians in the office. I don't rob steel, hurt, or lying. A lot of politicians do that. Like the ones she's having dinner with. When asked about Bible verses condemning a daughter, she was spotted. Bill Clinton committed adultery. Doing it on movies is acting for a triangle rule. It's not Mary Ellen Cook. The real me. That's right. Yeah. Now she's good. She doesn't for a living. She gets paid for it. We're asking it to satisfy his lust, and to fact he's married to a frigid bullbike. You figured it out. Okay, I'm guaranteed we're getting close again. 1947. All of you, thank heaven for 1947. My spouse or significant other raise a treasure. Honey, maybe. That is so sweet. And that? Yeah, yes. We're already well passed out in the time of day. Don't have one. 175 for grandjellations. Of course they could be too young but I don't think so. Maybe they're divorced. Maybe their spouse is dead. or maybe sensational or maybe they don't want one. Sensational 103, hot 92, well we believe it. Don't we? No. I hate this pool in 1986, a pain with greatness, 669. I mean, what could count more than that? Nothing. A nag, 63. Yeah. I'm waiting for that change. Really? Really? It's opening even driver-maid. Talk through there. Grab cuts, filter it. I'm 0.53. Aging badly, 48. In other words, when they met, they, you know, in their 20s, they were both for hot. They were sexually attracted. It was great. And now, oh, God. Irreplaceable 46, a slide 23, stinky six and gross only three. Thank God. Only two of them said that their spouse were meat. His gross, gross, gross test. And of course, probably the ones that, you know, I had one like that if they were smart. They dumped it already, right? Right in the river. There's more. John the Baker noted today, 125 92, pines, little barbedits. So, on the most shopping center pines in Flamingo, rolly will be there with the Q and Pana. I think you said Miguel was going to be there. Maybe they'll both be there. I don't know. But whoever's there has a limited supply pan that parking passes to give away. Free passes to park. Now, that whole, that rip off the old, that rape of the public doesn't start children's life. First, but yeah, what's wrong with having a parking pass? Just another way of sticking to the organization that's trying to stick it to you folks. Oh, it's speaking of our schedule today. I'm so glad I thought of that. We were going to have bow on today, but I'm sure somebody thought better than that because it's too day. It means it's the Jacques Martins, frog and show a two to staff know the panther coach, Jack Martin. So guilty is honest, that a bull, because you know, the idea of bull interviewing the panther coach is I'm sure that guilty will press the issue of the parking situation. Not, not. And of course it's, well, like, that a coach has nothing to do with that. He got an A. Right. Mad Dog for the 650. It's 650. It's hurricanes baseball against Fordham. Fordham. Talk about a little girl's school. Any K10 a class tonight? Who was the Fordham flash? Was that Frankie fresh? Huh? I'm asking John, she's the sportsman, haven't you? Oh, yeah, because I know so much about Fordham. And about Frankie fresh, you know, died 100 years ago. Look up Google Fordham flash. That was the nickname for some great athlete. I think it was Frankie fresh. San Diego woman, says she was fired for having an era America bumper sticker. How do you like that? This is what America is becoming boys and girls. Although I do have one good piece of news. Where is it? I said the good news way in the back of my a pile. People want to hear it all. Before I do that about the San Diego bitch. Jade vanished. This is Aurora Colorado. Good news tonight. Oh. Jade vanished. Returned was classroom. Dis, yes, any morning. As Oberlin High School sought to return normalcy in the wake of an actual controversy over his teaching methods. Mr. Venice is a member of our family in a such he'll be welcome back here said principal Jan are Freeler and a brief press conference outside of the school. A type by the way, happy for him. Frankie fresh. What I tell you for him flash. But do I know my crap? My useless trivia or what? Let's get my spin-ell on here. Play a little trivia. What do you say? No. A tight reign was kept on members of media who restricted one spot on the north side of the school property. It didn't see Benish enter the building. It was the first day back in class for Benish after being put on paid administrative lead March one. After a tenth graders twenty-one minute recording of a Benish lecture to a word geography class has made public. As recording the teacher, little snitch, okay? Out of be shot. Benish was reinstated Friday after two days of meetings between Benish, Cherry Creek School officials. And Benish's attorney David Don'tcommy, lowest lane. Benish has been widely criticized for politically charged remarks caught on the recording of a February one class. His comments that the included is drawing a comparison between President Bush and Adolf Hitler. What's wrong with that? I haven't seen an effort about two years now, at least. Friday yesterday morning, said she'd do a well aware that Benish's geography discussion typically will be on learning meetings of verbers, mountain ranges and state capitals. It's not about maps any more if you said it's about politics, it's about religions, about culture. In other words, about real things about life as opposed to where is the say-law, on the map, which had any even there any more an out tree, lamp, a man. It's still a turret. One of Benish's students, sophomore Chelsea Wooden said she's glad Benish is back in the classroom. He doesn't expect to see much change. He might be a little more cautious now if you said who was in the specific class that we recorded by classmate Sean Allen. Oh, we're going to get your eyes Sean. The whole class is going to like Corny and beat you to a bloody Paul party like that. I thought he made it clear he wasn't saying Bush and Hitler were the same person, but I think some students might have got the wrong impression. Yeah, they're not the same person. They're just senior and their tactics. That's right. Although Hitler was a much better speaker. Right. More dynamics, more. And he was at least able to speak that language. The one he was supposed to speak, right, as opposed to. Abu Ghara, ready. San Diego woman's station was fired for having an air America bumper sticker. Linda LaRoka has filed suit against her former manager Beverly Fath and her former company, Advantage Sales and Marketing Inconsendiate. But because she says she was fired did it because of a bumper sticker. According to LaRoka, Fath saw her 1360 air America talk radio bumper sticker and called it that Al Franken leftening radical radio station by the way, Franken in 49 minutes. The Rochus is Fath and told her the country is on a state of high alert for all I know you could be Alkita and fired around the spot. Because you, has that, air America bumper sticker, you could be Alkita. Should have said we were firing you for having bad taste. Yeah. California's labor law prohibits employers and we're controlling the directing their employees political activities. The Rochus seeking lost wages and damages not only for violation of the state labor law, but for wrongful termination, emotional stress and violence of the state constitution. I say like $50 million easy to this broad. And as far as Beverly Fath is concerned, screw you honey. What a joke. Put her in the same category with Joyce. Stick a rubber ball in the right way. Where's the sticker when I remember wrong? Excuse me, but I do believe that's not a egg. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I think I should just look there just if you see me. Yeah. Yeah, I got a bad memory, you know that. It's, well, I wasn't in lethago. It's 11 17 a.m. I'm sure the Josh was all over it's like sticking to the right. He was in the bathroom. You know, he's been spitting off a lot of time in the bathroom lately. Yeah, I came back. Let's come on. Yeah. That was just, you know, one of those, one of those, one of those, one of those, a short break. Paul and L.A. says a whole bunch of stuff here at Longfacts. Thank you Paul, but for going. Very long and very, uh, time rest. How much would you have almost a thousand votes? No, yeah, yesterday, uh, if you missed a show, Josh Cortis was in the team room for like about a half an hour there to learn the part of the show. And we're wondering if you'd ever come back. But he said he was having a comfortable dozen, you know, 974 votes. I mean, what's more important, okay? Comfortable dozen, taking care of business. I guess he was. It's crazy. 560, 750, 560, pound 560, leave a rise and see it around the signs only 42 minutes away from that bigger prince. I thought I was going to be snowing here today, but I can't forecast the weather here for crap, which is great. You know that last night I got up to like 50 or 60 reads and then this morning was like 34. In fact, right now it's 32. But the sunny shining and there's no snow, so we'll take it. You stay where you are and I'll stay where I am, okay? Vanity Fair reports that form Washington Post executive editor Ben Bradley says it's reasonable to assume, even though he denies Samus, the former State Department official Richard Armadage is likely to source to reveal say, operative, Valerie Plains name to the post assistant managing editor Bob Woodward. An article being published in the magazine today in Vanity Fair Bradley is quoted as saying that Armadage is likely to source to, let me say it again, that Armadage is likely sources a first assumption. Armadage with deputy secretary of State president Bush's first term. In interview yesterday Bradley says he does know the identity of Woodward's source in his not recall making that precise statement to a Vanity Fair reporter. He said he has no interest in unmasking the official. I don't think I said it. He said, well, you get to be his aide, you know? I know who it sources, but I don't want to get into what I haven't told us so who it is. But Vanity Fair says he said it was Richard Armadage. Who do you believe? I believe Vanity Fair, my son. In fact, don't we have a bit on the cover of Vanity Fair? Yes, we do. I think it's going to. I think it's going to be that. I'm not going to play. I don't believe it. This will blow you back, girl. This means a bit of name to the egos appeared in movies. And you see it are in the pits, you show. Yeah, I saw ghosts, we'll see who's your hubby. She's got a little baby that she brings to this studio. Right. She takes a whole cat and comes and comes and comes. The clothes, the clothes, she tells us, I'm wearing a hat. The clothes are painted on the girls. They're painted on the cover of the Vanity Fair. Vanity Fair. Okay, that's enough. Twenty past eleven at five, sixty-w-w-a-m. Find gold. Never that big sentence you were going to have by yesterday with the rest of the world. You're going to have to find gold. Then of course, our little man, Inspector, they're trying to let shut them up. Well, I want to have a copy of that. Anyway, he's holding up. I hear his copy. Okay, shut up, you idiot. Go find that magic bullet on the structure. You lost. But that Democrats continue to be spying us like a money really, really fish. We're just, you're American. Little girls. Little girls would be an insult to little girls. Democrats distance themselves yesterday from Wisconsin Center, Russ F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F F. F. F F. F F. F F. F F. F F. F F. F F. F F F. F F F F F. F F F F F F. F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F A longing for the public vacation. F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F F Several said they wanted to first see the Senate and Tolton's committee of finish investigation to be warmless fire-telling program that Bush authorized his part of his war on terrorism. I said news conference whether he'd vote for the Central Resolution, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and the vended client of the endorsement said he hadn't read it yet, right? But it would be, but it would put about, you know, all picking up right where John Kerry left off in 2004. And then of course did the- That one. Senator Jewelie Burman said he hadn't read it either wasn't inclined simply to school the president. I prefer to see a solved the problem you told reporters. All right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I prefer a CSI-A. It would be with the wine piece of direct God. Happy Perum Jewelie Burman. Get lost. Nancy Pelosi said she understands fine-gold frustration at the facts about the NSAT MSG surveillance program and the disclose of the Congress or office in the statement. Both the House and Senate must fully investigate the program and a signed responsibility for any laws that may have been broken. And it goes, it's got quotes that I'm not going to read it. The resolution. Because it's a mood point, you know. It's like reading the Constitution on here. What's the point? It's like your president said just a piece of paper who cares. Howard Stern fumes at CBS. You care about this? No. Evidently not too many others did he because Letterman got pounded by Lennel last night. That's what Ms. Fudge says. You know, the Willough Parsons, uh, drugs? Yeah. So I thought that he wanted to be Walter Winshal, but he wants to be the Willough Parsons. And doing a halve of job lady. Hey, uh, man. You're fairy. Radio Shock Jack Howard Stern and I went to the oil. They all went into the oil. They all went into the oil. And then they shocked this. Shocked my ass. Now we're checking Nichols and said something like that. Radio Shock Jack Howard Stern is returning. You know, I'm having a, uh, since I had that dental work last week. Yeah. I think he like, um, uh, I, uh, maybe it was held my mouth jammed open for like an hour 20 minutes straight. Yeah, that'll do it. For like the upper and higher I cheek if like, uh, jamming against it. I've already had the wisdom tooth out up there. It was like both sides. And so I'm like talking like that. He duck now until either he'll zep up there or may throw. I'm even going to if I get that tooth shaved down. We're going to have to sue that dentist. Cause I never had the problem before. You know what I'm saying? Right. In the end, Mr. Paul Paul and we've just received that up down. So I am going to get it from up down again. So I. WHAT THE T department who would just say, uh, me? Well, so are you equal? Right. Yep. So that's the control angle. Okay, that's a deep bothered thing, you know, just like you saw a roof coming. You forgot about the roof. Um, uh, the highway and the right road. Oh, I was just adding to that guy's job. We got it, dad. He said a normal dog was east eight foot. He always said hubbie driving into buses, would David Letterman, Sturm left CBS December to move to satellite radio. Letterman gave Sturm a good-nature introduction. It's weird not having hour at the regular radio of St. Letterman, while Sturm was still backstage, it's like having a loved one who passed you a past away. You can still sense his presence, but you can only contact him to satellite radio. Ah, ah, oh, no wonder I don't watch that show. But there were no hearts and flowers and reconciliation was definitely not on the menu. Sturm's strolled on stage wearing what he called the official I hate Leslie Moon Ves as he shared with a photo of Moon Ves CBS President and CEO at the Oscars. Sturm's stalled on a satellite radio discreet clashes over the often over-line content of his show, blasted Moon Ves for parting at the Oscars at a time when the network straightened the division prophets are down in the wake of Sturm's exit, way down, way way down, the only problem being that Sturm's and the exam are also a tourist. I did nothing that they did not approve of Sturm. Les Moon Ves has taken a stockholder's money and filed a purplest lawsuit to try to care about what's going on in the radio division. That's not how CBS saw it, dismissing Sturm's suggestion that there was never to keep Sturm off the letterman's show. We did not stand in the way of Howard appearing on our own airway tonight since CBS and statement, we believe his appearance was his desperate attempt to distract attention from the facts of the case. We hope and subsequently coverage of that appearance that the media is not seduced or fooled anyway. Howard Sturm has done something wrong and we intend to demonstrate this wrongful conduct and court. No, you people did something wrong. You left him on the air when he was promoting Sturm's, you could have taken him off at any point, but you wanted to continue squeezing that sponge and getting every last dime out of his ass while he was still on your stations. That's what it's all about, CBS. Letterman, though, of course, sucking up tossed in a few kind words for the boss. Pointing to move as record as the man that took the network from third to first place, letterman said, you cannot acknowledge the, you can't not acknowledge his success that the guy's had. CBS's reach a contract lawsuit against Sturm's age of time buckled and sees that a religion. And, here is his claim said in the final months of the network he improperly received CBS radio awareness of road is new show on series. CBS also says Sturm discussed his plans with series without the stoichiom and the CBS as he was contractually required to do and a partridge and a paratrooperie. You missed that, I've actually missed it. Yeah, I bet you missed this fact somebody just said over here about representative Harris, made by a lot of Senate race. You mean, the story that we had on yesterday, and the last day we were in the game today with an impact on the world. That's what we had all day. Oh, Andy here about her plane, what about it? I've heard about the Senate. I've heard about the Senate. Oh, wait a minute, Attorney of Game Off Limits in photo in, oh, and this is needs of lawyer. Government attorney, I don't know what that means. Do you have any idea what that means? No. Just in though on CNN, breaking news, government attorney could be helping criminal contempt. At least they don't have what's in the money from the Pentagon, that guy who dressed up as a woman. Hey, these four does gone mad, speaking of the crazy people. Madness and March is going on right now and all this month of beach four. They just miss having a record last month, so they plan to break that record this month. Right now, we're standing in Can't for about 50s. I was always 249 bucks a month, which is $995 down plus fees for the poor credit in the 39 month lease. Madness and March at beach four means you must be mad. You've got to be nuts. Not to take advantage of rebates and discounts about to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles. If you're not on the market for new car right now, we know somebody was sending them into beach four. Because if they take delivery in March, beach four will send you to our bus and cashers for you sending them by. The most out of this once you're event beach four is madness in March going on right now. You can't be anywhere. Stand at Can't for F1, 50s is lowest 249 bucks a month. This counts in rebates up to 10 grand and $200 just for sending by a friend. Hurry and be four is located two miles east to Golden Glaze on 163rd Street West Xie Highway, tell Paul that old meal sent you by because I guarantee you it's absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt that you're going to love your beach forward experience. This is Neil Rogers. Who's gonna got regular clothes? But when you smile that you're boy, feel better than you got But in relation to she had your hope in life you're a doctor Oh my god, you're not gonna be kidding me Fishing up feeling hot, she's feeling she can't rock But if you never got her in your hands, you're more on thick fat blood She'll smile that you're but everything you know you're giving your body to I can't get some back to the spine, I'm immediately to you Now hold on here she comes And to me, I want your guy, oh yes she comes She's a man, she's in love with her, oh yes she comes She's in love with her, oh yes she comes She's a man, she's in love with her Oh did I mention prosecutors to say that the 14 year old boy who was beaten And kicked by guards in a juvenile boot camp did not die of blood A disorder as a medical exam or initially ruled And of course they got the video tape, let's go to the video tape Okay, here it is, and they beat the crap out of him and he died So all that crap about old sickle cell and I was in that aka right Even the right way New York Post, remember the article I had yesterday about the Secretary of A.T.J. is Michael Levitt, yes about the tuna and powdered milk He but a rooport Murdoch's extremely right way New York Post is making photo That they got an online article today, it's headlines says fishy bird flu advice With the picture of Michael Levitt under it says stock up on tuna Uncle Sam is advising, oh god Uncle Sam's advising people to store canned tuna and powdered milk under their beds To be ready for an avion of flu outbreak What we're talking about here is preparedness and prepared to save lives Secretary of A.T.J. is Michael Levitt who made the recommendation over the weekend in trying While Omey Aggressively while Omey pandemic clues some it The nation's health chief said when you go to the store by three cans of tuna fish by a fourth and put it under the bed When you go to the store to buy milk by powdered milk and put that under the bed Levitt also said people should rather cumulative to a six week supply of food water medicine Other essentials preparation should be no different than for a two week blizzard It's just a good idea he said it's called self-reliance Is advice because they February 2003 recommendation for mental insecurity Secretary Tom Rage by duck tape to seal up your home In the event of a chemical or biological strike don't break the green Direct recommendations sparked a run on duck tape was rescinded a week after a after a critics such as Mayor Bloomberg called it Proposterous the phosphorus. I'm the same of the sensory ridiculous ludicrous Keep everybody on edge baby keeping painkillers in their pants because it's all about safety safety safety So what if the Arabs are running the ports who they'll care is invite away. I have some bad news on that too Do yet where's that story about the Dubai folks? By the way, Oprah are you going to do that show in the Dubai come out over? We have sell out. Let me the first time The Dubai own company that promised to surrender to its US port operations has no immediate plans To sell its US subsidiaries interested in Miami support I've seen a executive wrote yesterday and I'm proud that email to business associates Even if the people were to sell its Miami operations to grow the congressional fewer over an airborne company Managing major US force that would probably take a while wrote Robert Scavone a vice president for DP worlds US subsidiary The email obtained by the AP added the questions raised since DP worlds announced the last week That'll divest US port operations to the acquired when a bot London based peninsula and oriental steam navigation company DP world is set those operations are worth roughly 700 million bucks The takeover touched off a political uproar over the board of administrations earlier approval of the deal without intense afforded security investigation The company initially sought to quiet that a spoof by submitting volunteerly to such investigation last week DP world back away from the deal further it pledged to transfer fully its US operations to run specified American company and said DP world will suffer No, we can't I'm at loss the company is steadfastly declined to clarify its statement or the timing of any possible sale Meeting congressional critics have threatened to intervene if DP world plans fall short of a full-divestiture of its US operations Scavone told AP and interview that in his email was intended to reassure officials that the port of Miami term and operating company Which manages operations there in his half owned by DP world subsidiary that uncertainty surrounded you by port deal with not affected's work in Miami Then then I just mentioned that in passing All right, I thought we should care about such matters. Okay, why not let the herbs run a whole thing I think it's racist It's a slum of the other you go we don't want to let them adjust because you know there are a bunch of terrorists out there I mean the whole thing is so idiotic on the face of it But all these good friends you don't and of course there was due agreement basically saying the same thing you see him stand up there I don't want to set our air friends Not because of the earth's creep Him and Susan Collins all the least he's usually lately on the right side of issues, but he's still wine in the knowing but he's on a wine in the knowing on the wrong side of every issue of due Rearman I hope he jokes on his home and talk tonight like that You have that's probably in a little still kind of a little bricks 10 10 wins New York. I mean 10 10 votes look at that it's only a little after button 30 Yeah, we're not care package from Dave halberstein already. I've been your friend. He always sends up the non-porr But he knows I'm not there. He has my jewelry and he's a he doesn't want to send home and talk to go. I'm he sends it anyway. I do eat it Well, you better get there today. I guess he forgot about you But as far as Josh is concerned, he don't need to be eating anymore free food But making too many trips to the tea room these last couple of days What is all about the free food now? I think they're really annoying. I don't know if they're ever already. Yeah, I think I'm gonna suit this dentist Remember I just raved about how good he was. Yes, you get bar think they either they're he's got to like a Shop down they like the side of that tooth up there. It's like cutting into my cheek. Oh, you're there. Yeah, you have Well, you know, everyone's wanted to take a bite out of your cheek and you're not talking about biting the cheek. I'm talking to as I'm talking. It's like Part of the cheek there never did that before. I think he's got my like mouth all sideways now. I Think about my customers. They're where my more resistively. I don't even know what my customers are asked. What's the name Brian Williams? There's got a lot of teeth. Okay. Little tiny ones. Pakistan weekly skills 911 beans. Oh, God. Maybe that's what smells so bad. Someone in Paki guys The Pakistan Ford office had paid tens of thousands of dollars to lobbyists in the US to get anti-Pakistan references dropped from the 911 Incorrect commission report the Friday times has claimed. Where's that newspaper and Calcutta India? What are they hitting center like poison? Yeah, like poison. The Pakistan he weekly said it's stories based on this load is made by foreign service officials to the Public Accounts Committee to secret meeting in Islamabad on Tuesday It claimed that some of the commission members were also bribe to prevent them from including damaging information about Pakistan The magazines said the pack of ill officials in the president for in secretary re as Mohammed Khan. See they all got the same names and special secretary share Afghan on the money paid to lobbyists. They were hounding him. The exposure sheds that on the integrity honesty the members of the 911 court commission above all the authenticity of the information on their final report It said the report quoted officer saying that dramatic changes were made in the final draft of the inquiry commission after lobbyists got to work. The panel was formed appropriately 911 terror attack and makes suggestions to fight terrorism after the commission Tip the lobbyists about the damaging revelations on Pakistan's rule of 911 they contacted the panel members asked them to go soft on the country. The Friday Times claims a lot of money was used to silence these members. Oh, there's nothing like a silent member. According to the report lobbyists also have Pakistan when the simply a 75 US congressman is part of its strategy to guard Islamabad's interest in Washington US often toward Pakistan and other US often towards Pakistan only because of the efforts of the foreign orifice and officials quoted saying in the report. The Pakistan Foreign Office, the event that the season of the hard lobbyists saying it was an established practice in the USA. Lobbyists, man, just like Bob Dole and thoseish martians from the UAEA and I'm sure about the Islamabad meeting said money could play an important role in buying powerful people. The remark came in response to comments made by some US officials after 911 that Pakistanis will sell their mothers for a dollar. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Right, I won't give you a 50 cent. Pakistan had emerged as a fart letter in the fight against terrorism, at least by the US after the terrorist rights. Washington pub billions of dollars to win president per veism of share of support and launching a crackdown out. Had an ever thriving on a packet of Pakistan Afghanistan border and then of course I give it all the news for man goes to India just a few days ago they proved it were we snow. I money. I don't know I know that those sure talking noodles are pretty good. That was that was amazing. That was fabulous. You know I mean it was only one guy it's not like we had a flood of people I mean who if you were going around asking people what about them sure talking noodles. I believe you like how. What do you say? Your soy sird you say that she probably like put the sort of then right apple in your mouth. My spouse or a significant other is. If I was in 15 votes a treasure 190 don't have one one 85 sensational one o nine. As in P.T. One o nine. Hot 95. Don't we all that station man hot 95. I think it was I in zero. I hate this pool 91 of pain for greatness x 36. I'm now 68. I'm now in 61. You're a placeable 57 and you were laughing at that guy. And I was too. Aging badly 48 a slob 26 stinky six. Fair and gross. Solimentary trace. This is real Roger. And stuff. This is 5. 62. 8. 8. 8. Our David's a bitch. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. The guy's been over with that beauty. He's got a lot of knowledge about the idea. I know he has a great point that's very nice to say. If he wants that quote, sing to the house and laugh. I have you know. I know what I'm talking about. I'm remembering a Tarzando. I can't get a David down. I know my way to the house and I'm going to put him back in house. I can't have a sweet condo face. I got a lot of toys of back in town. I'm going to back in town. I'm going to the door. I'm going to the door. I'm going to the door. I'm going to the door. I'm going to the door. I just said the story is a package of why you've read. I don't have any secrets going on in that room. Why I even know all the room Ajahn rule. I'm into the joys. Daddy or me? You better go and stop tonight. You better show when I take you place. I know I ain't no way, boy, we need. But when they drop my voice, we'll change. You're a little slow thing. The boy is a little slow. The boy is a little slow. That's a little slow. That's a little slow. That's a little slow. That's a little slow. Speak up. To a contest this afternoon, we got Geldi 2 to 4 because we can't make a bottom line who we want no mole. That's just, it's the only way source of such embarrassment and humiliation. I mean, it's the 14th of March for Christ's 6th. Anyway, Geldi 2 to 4 was job martinally a froggy coach of your Panthers of 3. And he'll give you all sorts of answers and alabies. Or I'm going to make the playoffs. We're going to make the playoffs no or not. Mad Dog 4 to 6 with the Hurricanes baseball against Fordham. Righty 1st to Fordham Flash. 6 with the he's playing the light and then any K-10. By the way, Rollie's already out there, John the Baker. Wow, how do you like the early bird gets to the worm? That's true. That's what they're giving him. Rollie is a John the Baker right now until 2 to 7 noon. He's the early bird, you turd. That's at 125 92 pounds of older. The John the Baker location in the Home Depot shopping center, Pines of the Mingo. He's got the QAM best of the best. He's got the C-D's and T-shirts and he has a limited supply to get their early of Panthers parking passes, which is our way of protesting against this grotesque, this outrageous rape of the Pable and the Panther fans, but anybody else who's going to the McRena to attend a concert, a curling match, whatever they're going there for, you know. Just once again sticking it to the public, stick it, stick it, it's not bad enough that they soak it those ridiculous prices for the ticket. That's not bad enough for what's usually like a minor league team. That's not bad enough. And then not bad enough that they're overcharging for the really mediocre concessions, the food that my dogs wouldn't have eaten. No, that's not bad enough. If it's just, you know, I just refuse to show for that organization. I mean, it's pointless because all the years that that thing has been around and it basically a massive failure, okay? And it's always, well, you know, look at this and they're resigning your opinion and they're like right on the verge and they're only like 11 points behind you. You got a better chance to make it a play off the Navy. How do you like that? George. Oh, good. I think I have the same guy from LA that, the fact before this is desperate for me to read all of this is kind of interesting. Check out the article of melee times entitled, cable stall from Grace. Now, the only interesting part is it says the article also tells the truth about Nancy Grace's story being in a ledge crime victim. On that issue, the article reads this week, the New York Observer, reported that Grace is frequently repeated account of the tragedy that made her a crime victim, doesn't quite support with the facts. Her version of the event in SIGLAPTOMAT now with standing, it turns out that Grace's fiance Keith Griffin was not the victim of random robbing murder, but instead was killed by a mildly return to former coworker, this scramble of her is region firing. When it comes to Grace's record, this full-time county prosecutor, CNN headline chooses to overlook the fact that since you became a broadcaster, a federal appeals court in the Georgia Supreme Court of Over-Turne 3 of the Conversionship Tainers DA, and it's in each instance set of her unethical conducts. How do you like that? I like that. I like that. Grace, my ass. Guys, you know what? Yeah, and our deathical hair. Oh, two. Okay, Fran. Well, thank you, Fran. As Foli is a $46.5 bill. Good, God. And this is, you know, this is what television is. Television is the evil. And forget about Iran, Iraq, North Korea, television is the most evil force in the world. And how are you, Bill? He's certainly correct. Who knows what kind of crap will be penalty-pelling for a truth on television? That's right. That's what they pedal crap. And there's that wolf-blitz-free man with his hip boots all the way up to his damn ass. And, yeah, I like to fact that Jack, no matter what he says, Jack, I'm just going to just blow him off. And we just continue to ram him around. I like Jack Capri. I think he was in the same class that Lou Dodds got. Do you want to go with religion together? They got the same bug. Because they generally tended to be pretty much, you know, suckups for the right wing. But now all of a sudden, they've both in last few weeks, like Rippin' Ass. And he was making fun Jack Capri yesterday about that whole bird food thing in the milk and the powdered milk under the bed, tuna, and what a joke. And Wolf Luskree stands over the straight faces as Fals Jack, or as a possibility of the idea of a worldwide pandemic that could pay a man. And Capri just blew him right off. The most vorish Jack ass I was ever on television with Blitzkree. I hope they drag your ass off to the end of the news case, you idiot. I hope the liberals come in there and take over CNN. Take your all hostage. God would have joked. First of the Dan of Basin, at Dan Kira Phillips, the two of them. The L. Antichristi, two of them. Who said it was only going to be one Antichrist, right? Could there be several Antichrists? Let me check, I'll look at that. Here's an update on the good news from Iraq, because there isn't any. All we're fine. Well, can you believe that Dan Stewart is dead? That's good. Yeah. Cookie, shocking. A lot younger than we are. How did you say he would have been, if the, about 40, 40 something, was just a couple years older than me? He was older than you are? Yeah. No, even older than I am, nobody's older than me. Next seven South Florida. Police filed the bodies at least 85. Now every hour of the story continues going up and up and up and up and up and up. Only wish our numbers could keep going up like that. That's what they've said across the street. Or they got the intellectual O.J. Juice McDuffy Shoggle on. And then Civic Kid Rosenberg. What if he's still around? Police filed the bodies at least 85 people killed by executions to our shootings in the past 24 hours. A gruesome wave of a parent's criterion reprisals slaying officials said today, did you get that? Sector in reprisals slaying. What is that? It's a civil war, baby. And just like the article said the other day, it's always venous to the war. Something new. This is just, it's just that Sodom had them under wraps. The didn't include the at least 27 bodies stacked in a mass grave and the eastern sea, I neighborhood a bagged out. Ah, she, I, man. Wow, this don't stop. How are we doing to John the Baker? We're going to get a remedy. I bet you we get a report at noon. But you do. Next break. Are you saying Josh? I would think so, yeah. Yeah. Good setting. I bring you up to like 20 grand a day if we really get a big crowd there John the Baker. But when you're going to get some of that great food, buy yourself a nice meal. I give you a bunch of them garlic rolls just for mentioning my name. Garlic rolls is biggest combo campers head. Man. But most importantly, I'll get your free pants of parking passes after give us your money. And by the way, ours is taxed to Dr. Most of her panted to Pat Rescue. And as mentioned that in passing too. As opposed to that big brother, very sister routine at the panties are doing. You're full of it, okay. Everybody that comes in everybody that walks on your lot once a certified receipt signed by Alan Cohen and his brother Marty. How do you like them, apples huh? I think that people are like, if they're going to pull that camp, I think people are going to say that away. Don't even go. Right. I'm not going to anymore. In fact, I'm looking to see well, although even though they're not doing it yet, I think it's a protest and nippered in the butts of they don't do it. Just don't go. Refused to park, refused to pay, refused to lose. That's my suggestion. Refused to get ripped off by an organization that's given you such tourists for all these years. I guarantee you one thing was they had a lot more fun, even though they weren't, they had that one big year, but back in the money arena, those were the days. That was a lot of fun. Different crowd, different ambiance. Yeah, so they were losing a lot of money, but we couldn't afford it. It was fun. Never missed a home game. But in the new joint here, like, I could walk from my house to do. You know that. Yeah. Yeah. But I could do it. I wouldn't go to those games if they paid me $100 to come in the door. Maybe a thousand, and immediately hit over to the Indians. Speaking of pop and opark, what's going on in July? We got away until we get those slots going? He told me. I don't know. Let's get with it. Let's get the ball going. Let's get it rolling, baby. Let's get it on the thing on the road. You like it to slots to the road, then I might actually show up once in a while. 100 my guts out. Can you imagine the beast once they start there? Oh boy. In fact, we're good about him. What about daddy? He's going to be broke. This is Neil Rogers. Sorry, Mr. Beast. He's 5.62. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8. Damn. We're large. We're going to go to the gods. I've been to the roundies today. Now it's a glass of sugar we use to stir for the agro-four pie. Now it's a piece of chocolate in the cream and cold and a glass of the mussels. I've got some cans of liquid cherry yoke. Now they be. I've got a cherry cherry in the baby. Now they be. Oh baby. Shiny little buildings they will fade into pieces. And the surface gets down to one town's upper road. They're gonna fit that as you go down the way. Now it's the autumn town's open green. So they'll get around the pieces of cream. I've got 77 dollars. I'll poke out a green another. Show to confess now is my baby catalanette. Oh baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Shiny little buildings they will fade into pieces. Go. I grab my windows now and Ige's observing it because they need too muchO food. There's really fresh reniscence on the smile against the lucky one in the holster. I've got a messy new fun design evangelistically agday down here. The grand ecstasy nonconflict like highMac. I'm having chocolate time at Juvenast&Russian it with all the room. Okay, so the one in five, six, the WQM happy Tuesday today and our total is, is zero right now, we moved by that. Well, we got nothing right now. You didn't get a call or you got a call, but a call for no money. We got no money? We got not already done there. And John the Baker? I mean, granted, was his voice just started to balloon and we only, I mean, it's like, people are going to magically show up there just because it's coming to two, but it's really, it's like, oh, Raleigh is zero, really. Like, we're going to like transport themselves like, uh, uh, Mr. Spock? Huh? Yeah, that's exactly what we expected. I'd rub their ears and all of a sudden they would show up there, John, the Baker. You better get there between now and two, we're going to be pretty porked off. I'm going to be there saving the money they were going to give us, and they're going to use it for their, parking, the whole, for their own parking privileges. See, that charity, right? I can't stop. I mean, I don't know about how stupid that is. It's just, it's just not in the face. It's unbelievable because when I told you about it, you didn't believe it. No, I thought, I thought, me's made it up, right? Just trying to start up, you know, and I clicked on a hero to pitch in the hero. There's about a 30% chance you have to make me true. But turn it man. God. Let's see, here's a pole suggestion. I'll put that in my pile. Thank you. By the way, Sean, your pole stuff yesterday. He tries very hard. We appreciate it, but it's in pretty weak. Pretty lean. Tell me, idea that is, you know, they keep encouraging people to bring the kids, you know, to make them fans and the audio, the audio. So here's mommy and daddy and the two kids. That's for people. That's 20 bucks to walk in there. To walk in? Well, think of that you'll say five if you drive in. That would be like you go to a, like, a win these, for example. Now, I know that's some fast food joints. They, they frown on walk up, you know. I'm not really sure why. I guess they're one of the screws like drunks and dead beads or whatever. They're going to walk. Walk up to the drive in window and say, oh, well, you're not in a car. We're going to charge you next to 10 bucks. Well, I mean, what is that? It's a, it's a, it's a phantom charge. It's a charge for not parking. I've never heard that. It would be like, if you're driving out a city street and there's like a big parking garage. Uh-huh. And you get through it. There's a card stuff. You know, middle of the street and he says, okay, it'll be five bucks per because you're going to have a lot of money. And if there is a card stuff, you in the middle of the street and he says, okay, it'll be five bucks per because you're not parking our garage. The bottom line is they want to make money with their parking lot. And it hoards them off when people are not giving them the money to park. You know what, two freaking bands. Okay. Right. I mean, it's a long slip over there to solve rest of people around the walk that long. Slip that I say, you know, the more power to them. Tell us how many of my is bitching about how fat we all are. We can use the exercise. It's good to get some exercise. Walk across there the pants and parkway. God, I hate that that whole this whole deal. The way the people just keep going screwed and tattooed and enough of it already. That's one of the reasons I, I'm almost as dissolution that you were burned here in the first place. But the whole sports thing now just turns my stomach tired of it. What time's the least came to mind? I'm just tired of it. Aren't you? Yeah. No. Yes, I am. Yes, I'm sure on least lunch. I'm sure on least lunch. I'm sure on least lunch. I'm sure on least lunch. I'm going to make a video about how much hot dogs. That's $5 a day and she's going down to $81 a Monday. Okay, grail. Bill water's must be in florida. You know, good place for. WC, you know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just going to agree with Georgia saying, I have a friend of mine who has a bar across the street or in the general area of the uh, uh, with a Panthers play and a lot of times they'll have uh, you know, group of people, eight ten people. the bar have a couple of drinks or bite-d and then walk it for us to street over there and it saves themselves there saving 15 bucks on the bargain and there are eating it. Yeah, the group of 10 people has done a cost in 50 bucks to walk in cross history. Yeah, now what happens if let's say I walk up there with my wife and two kids and I shade in the guy, well we're interested in going to the game tonight. You need to tell me I got to pay 20 bucks to go in and see if there's any tickets available. So let me correct that. I'm dying over here. Okay good luck to Kelly. Stay home. Awesome on TV for free. That's my best suggestion to you. I'll even have to listen to Dave Strader who like Eric Reed talks to his teeth, talks to him. How do you do QAN? Hello. Yeah, good afternoon. Good afternoon, Neil. I'm sorry. Yes, sir. Good morning. Yeah, I just wanted to reference the storage of the tuna and powdered milk. The area beneath my bed is already fully consumed. I have two rolls of duct tape and six rolls of this clean. Right. And I think what you knew is gotten pedalat even like Pondett and then used the money to buy the tuna in the powdered milk. Exactly. Oh, another thing I just wanted to comment on that tease a couple weeks ago. The tropeck did of you was very, very nicely done. I liked that head shot that is speak on the front cover of you. Yeah. But one observation, the wardrobe from 76 when you're at K. T. It looks to the same guy that you're using now to pick out your wardrobe. Yeah, well, this is the wardrobe I am. I'm glad that you were impressed by the picture. Obviously, the pictures of my wardrobe every day now because obviously you're obsessed with it. I like the wardrobe mistress, Mr. I beg your pardon. You live here alone. You're okay. That's what you think. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm sitting here my underwear and he's worried about my wardrobe. God, red, red, checkered on these old Oxford shorts and really nice white t-shirt clean and the other. Have any bad blood monsters? No, they have these are plants. What do I say? Red red red red, red checkered, red checkered, red checkered, red checkered. W to K. I am hello. Oh, my dinner red closing protection letters. Using our web CTO application on fun. W to K. I am hello. Hello. I am. Yeah. How can I buy this? Oh, I never. What? The band never comes downtown and I don't have a computer at home. Yeah. How can I buy this to these? Can't do it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm 5 6 11. Verizon, see you to work. Wireless line. Oh, God. I'm hanging it up, baby. I just decided I'm hanging up my glove. I don't have any gloves, but could I show you a couple of days this winter? Probably. Yeah, I think I don't know what's going on with my teeth. I like it. I'll get like real sensitive now. You think that's from all that dental work I had was only last one. Maybe. You think? Maybe you just use to the new piece. I'm not the new pieces on the other side. It's got nothing to do with overnight areas. It's like an a whole different area, man. Well, I don't make sense. It's like huh? Well, yeah, but I think that's because that's where you have that wherever ball in my mouth. Oh, yeah, yeah, that part of my mouth all is jammed over with this big like red rubber ball. Okay. Whatever. Like you hear the one. It's totally what it was. Yeah, it's rubber block. Right. Rubber block. That's exactly what it was. There's nothing like having a rubber block jumping down on your gum. Here's line 9 QA of hello. Thank you. Yes, the pan that should probably make more money by charging for the styrofoam props to put in a low urinals. Yeah. Yeah. Meaning what? Get that story that you read about the guy that puts the styrofoam cup in the urinal and then goes and collect it. No, it was an Ohio. Yeah. He's got my annual Ohio cup. He was grabbed his or my accordion. He was very familiar with that. Dominic, you weigh him. Hello. Yeah, the welcome charges just like electricity. I never got it. I was saying this morning. Next Lord of Thunder and Lude charging. Yeah. What am I doing to who? Whoa, they flow. Okay. Yeah. The panthers blow. Okay. That's our message to you. Mike Keenan and Jacques Martanne and all you other guy over there. God, what an organization. The organization wants to keep police in a public and there's a way to do it. Oh, but what we're doing if you're safety. No, you're not. You got your finger right into it. They want you to, they want to coerce you in the parking and giving them your money to park. And the fact that they're in the pork to off because all of these people are caught on. It can go. Like I said, they go right across the street. Have a nice meal. Couple of brews, whatever. Come walk across the street. Go to the game. People do that everywhere. There's no problem with that. They do that here all the time. You think that everybody goes to the hockey or basketball games at the Urcan and the center is parking there for right out loud. They're pouring across the street over there. They're going to put across the game. They're going to put across the street. What if you take the bus or a cab? Yeah. What if you can't drive? Yeah, that's that's a good problem. What if you're going to take a cab? Is the cab going to have to pay like five bucks for him to get in and then five for you also to go to the gate? Just you. No, probably going to have to pay for himself too because he's a person. Maybe although I've seen some of the cabbies down there, but never let's see how to see the ones here. My schmotha had friends. What is your love me, man? Oh, my God. They love me. My bearded schmotha had Indian friends. See, I get confused with the head gear. I better take a course on that. Okay. They're got a couple of guys who are like, I always call for a cab left from the line when I'm my lead from wood vine and things are just fine. And it's always from the same company. So it's usually it's one of the same four or five guys that put me up and man or they, but they got like the blue couple of the guys, the old guys with a gray beard, you know? Yeah. Those are the blue head gear. Turbins? Yeah. Seeks. Oh, the one guy said I'm sick. Like I can they call day one day. Right. You take, let's go to Mount Sinai. What is that with a sick, you know? What was that? Is that, I just put it, what is what? I don't know. I'm just so tired all this religious crap. I just want to live on a planet where we can get away where we just get rid of it. Also get an arbit. That's what I mean. But he's got their own garbage, man. I'm just tired of it. All the fairy tales that I see that thing with the polygamous honey and he for two hours last night. I mean, you talk about, oh, it's just an excuse for these guys. The screw and everything in sight, that's all. And that's all that is, including their daughters and their sisters and everybody that, you know, is wearing a skirt. And all of them are women either. What is that? Sick. You talk. What is like so, so holy, uh, so much better than the resources. You have to tell about nine. Oh, that. And they also show that because there's so much all at the beginning of the show. I didn't see it. They showed all of the birthday effects, you know, because of all the. Yeah, because of all the. Yeah, because that part of the deal. That's right. That's part of the deal. The girls when they get to be a certain age, um, they have to get married like one of their siblings. And they had a, they, they choose it for them. For the girl, they too. So that's right. So I'll show these, they look like, looks like a spaceship presented, you know, like deliver. And one guy, he's five or 30 some odd children. My four different wives. Right. That's exactly it. And time, I wouldn't even, and that would be an insult to the trailer track. Right. New meaning to the words all in the family. Nice log cabin. 12 minutes past noon at five, 60. WD, you've only got guilty to this afternoon. Now revolving show from two to four. It's an embarrassment and humiliating. It when it comes to mattresses and burrsing, if you don't go to a called dialo mattress because you're going to hear ripped off any place else. The latest gimmick in the mattress business is a sleep number. Otherwise, known as an air mattress, they're only weren't heat and full for two years. They squeak. They pop. They can lose their setting green, but I think cost you an armoured leg. If you really want a great high quality name Brad, Mattress, to the last few for years and years, then do what I've been doing for a long time. Call my good friends at dialo mattress. It 1,800 mattress. When you call that number, you'll get no one around. No showroom shenanigans. Just factory drag prices on the best brands. You know, trust and love. When you call 1,800 mattress, usually, largest selection of the state of Florida, the top names in the business like Cirna, C. Lee, Simmons, King Coel, Peppermintic, Stewards and Beneast Foster, already for a safety delivery. It prices lower than so called big name change stores, even during the big sales. Call 1,800 mattress. You can have the video on to the date and time you want me to order a window. You'll pick the time 2 to 4 3 to 5 and they show up. I've been a satisfied QM customer for QM customer and dialo mattress customer for you. Because if you will be too, that's how satisfied with QM, but I like dialo mattress. Call them today toll-free 1,800 mattress or log onto the website, MacRus.com. That's 1,800, MATT-R-E-S. Leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Saving. Good bye, Cooper. I was thinking about time jitter again. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16 28. So, this is Mister? The fact that your state behavioral is upon You. You're right at the station. Man it's just 20 2, right at Me. And for just TS 200, All right, your KTM what did you mean by that? But the boat is a loop out made of won't be finished until we blow up back and stand. There we could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our truths, with special forces our some tired of jumping through the end loops. You probably need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up back and stand. Oh, right. Now create a need in your clear tank. Why don't we stop this seafood? And blow them all up back and stand. Boom, boom, boom, boom. I'm happy I just died in the day boy with 75 years dead. Much of my boom boom, Jeffrey on. Oh, all the time. And I mean I recently got that big name was because of his booming slab shuddy's dead. Palestinian prisoners surrendered was really troops guess what walls are tumbling down. The walls of Jericho are tumbling down. To see that? That's all. Sixth Palestinian factory, your children, CNN, moments ago, all those are repolicing prisoners. Oh boy, that was, they looked nasty. A LIC have met some Palestinians who are well. Six Palestinian inmates surrendered Tuesday after holding up for hours in a Palestinian prison surrounded by Israeli troops sources inside the prison said. Israel had moved in the seas of prisoners after he was in British monitors left the compound. And Palestinian guards climbed with his Israeli forces leaving a Palestinian policeman dead several others wounded. Israeli defense forces operation comes a week after Palestinian authority person Mahmoud Abbas said he was prepared to free one of these six. Ashe made sadat. Head of the popular front of the liberation of Palestine were led to the order of the 2001 killing of Israeli troops minister Rahabam Zeevi. Oh, do you see that American was he a doctor? Whatever that they had they were holding him hostage they let him they turned him loose. They scared they scared the she had out of him. Man, did you see that? I thought those Palestinians terrorists really got to see guys with all the schmothes over their heads. Nice him here. Anyway, and one more, now it's 86. We're going to try to keep your, at least a hundred care about those poor wreckies. It was 85 on the last break, now 86. And speaking of 86, how's our total comment at the John Baker? Close to that, we got 80. Six. Sure. 86 the whole thing. 16,715 now we got a shot at getting up there over 17,000. I mean all we needed was 230 bucks today to go over 17 grand. You haven't even got to do that now. No, we're going to get it. We have now our 40 minutes for Christ's sake. Come on get it when it's John Baker get you a nice lunch. You'll be charging you a hundred bucks to park there. That's that the Home Depot shopping center pines and salmingle 125 92 pines Boulevard. Rollies there right now. Is he giving away any pethers, parking passes? Probably not because nobody wants to go to the penter games anyway. Anyway, speaking of that, I got two fashes on this. I hate to break the news to the Panther organization. But you folks have made a bad, bad mistake. A bad move. Because we never get fashes or calls about the Panthers, about hockey, about the Maccarina, about anything to do with any of this stuff. Or are these things? Do we? No. Almost never. But today you got the people parked off. Here's the fact that says, and I think in its from the University of Dodge, his boat campers buddies up to it again. At least they listen. The food at the office depot center is not over price. The food at Dolphin stands over price. The food in Ricketty office depot center. Now, whatever they do out the bank at Lannick, the rent at the end of the center, is highway freaking robbery it says. Not just over price. Highway freaking robbery underline-dedded. A 20 ounce bottle of Coke is $5. $5. I can't buy a case of that for five bucks. It says, never mind the $7. Great Dean Burger. Ha ha ha ha. Herded was good. That was good. And Dallas were a burger at a ball game. I don't like that. Just rape and the best part of this is if the stuff was good, that would be another story. It is marginal and best and best. Here's one that says, how about all the lexas owners with the giant SUVs pick up the people at the mall, grab them into the stadium and charge them only. A very modest eat. But yeah, that would be good. That's the fact says. On that's when we're buddy, Marky, and I can tell that I hit her. He's leaving his name, whatever it is. It is. It's him. We're out of the park. Okay. I think we'll pay the facts. That's fine. He's day isn't complete unless he can get a facts. He's got to be just like the guy in LA now. We sent the follow up. It was good though, but Grace Nancy here. Grace turns. Thousands and we're going to go over 1100 votes on the full this hour of 1993. And it's so it's heartwarming to see that most of you are just enchanted and enamored with your spouses. You're significant others or maybe both. Beautiful. That nice to see. Sweet. A little disturbed about that only 80 bucks there. I mean, that's a place there's no excuses. This is the barometer for me today. This is the barometer. If you don't get with it, we're going to stick to your mometer. Right. Right. Where the moon don't shine. Because those two think this is a, I mean, pines and flamingo. That's the epiphany. That's a role with that area at all. At all. It's not far from you. It's not far from me as a matter of fact. What's kind of far from me now, but an ordinary day I could like almost walk there. Here's a facts from Joseph and money. Former season ticket holder. Former. What happens if people take public transportation to the hockey game and don't park your car anywhere? We're constantly being told he was public transportation to help alleviate traffic and better the environment. He says it's fun. The illegal. That they should have to pay to get in. I don't know what the deal is going to be with that. I guess. I don't know. Because the article doesn't really elaborate. And it also doesn't say, you know. It says, I'm sure I saved it. Yeah, here it is. It just says starting July 1st, the panthers will start charging a five-dollar feet anywhere and walking onto the property for any event at the bank of the bank of the bank. And I said, well, anyone walk on the property would be children. They would. Right. So like you've got little kids, you know, you want to bring your six and seven euros and make them into hockey fans, which is of course what sports that's what they strive desperately to do. Just like the Catholic Church, get them while they're young. For brainwashing and other purposes in their case. But that's what sports they want to do. Encourage you to bring your kids, make them into fans. Share with them some of the excitement. Let them see all the people talking on their cell phones. Actin' like jerks. Hey, ref! You suck. You know, they're great on the answer in the infos center. Same old, tired, trash. And they want to charge you five bucks of piece just to walk onto their property. We need to know what's screw you. How do you like that? I'm not ever going to walk onto your property. And I went in and then I remember going to drive onto it. How's that? All right? I will touch right now unless Toronto is playing there. I will never, ever go to another one of those games. Okay? Okay. And now they're going to be calling them. Can we have a ticket now? No, in fact, I'm going to be selling my tickets right there at the John of Baker D. WQA and playoff tickets. QA and hello. Yes, sir. When are you going to put the van down in a Miami date and follow your, around there? Some year, 25, 25, 25. Say whenever it's going to be driving it. In the year 25, 25. Hey, listen, we're not crazy. We're going somewhere we can be safe. They've county my ass. WQA and hello. I have a pass. Yeah. I don't even know about it with it. WQA and hello. Yeah, I will. Okay. Listen, to show what we're dealing with these Democrats. You can tell they turn on the wrong spot. We'll begin. We'll do this to our team. Yeah. That's right. Because they're a bunch of jellyfish. It's incredible. You keep thinking all the conditions are right. But you see what the Republicans are doing. We're talking about the Democrats. They're never going to a proctor because he couldn't find their spine. Okay. I love you. We're happy to. Okay. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. You're a massive fry which I had no idea what it's something that's gonna mush I've got no buttons right the balls though Huh lots of brine yeah, not to brine Already and now what about you? Have what about if you put if you put breaches on monsters that massive breed? So, right whoo, that's right why is this past known if it's strictly for glam at five sixty-w-two I'm not taking a beautiful up you crazy Yeah weock Hey down Hey Back down because somebody can get a car What the hell did we do? Don't keep this wide away on her hand. And try to force her who she's a bully. She's a bully. Give me the police to write. The police are trying to force her. She's a bully. A passenger's to read. She's on her side. Through a home to lay me. Stop with all this madness. Let me see what's back who she's a bully. She's a bully. I'm only wearing a real fool. I want you a bully. She's a bully. I'm not your bully. Why don't you talk about your son? I think it wasn't a raw story. I told my favorite website and they read, they read, jigred it. So now it's like easy to read. It doesn't have that little teeny tiny print. And that flaming red background. That was kind of like, What a lot of things like that. Flaming? No. Not in the flamers. Okay, what's the, a speaker? That's not bad. Oh, man. I told you. We're going to do some serious, 16,765. Is that right? No, that's wrong. We got almost the 17 grand, 60290 is what? Is 960. 16th, you realize that the second deal, the second person with a 20 is going to wind up putting us over 17. So it gets the special pattern ahead from Rolex at the party pass. No. ACLU releases first concrete evidence of domestic spying for anti-war views. This just in from your friends at raw story. How come you're so newsy? Because I feel like it. How do you like that? Remember that guy? Yeah. I'm so newsy that New Yorkie guy. Go back to New York. Get lost because I feel like it. I do whatever I feel like. I don't want one thing I'll say. Not too much else I can say for these people. They don't tell me what's all the new one to show. Yeah. Although I do know I had a really panicky when I was straight into play music. I had them read and heard that. Oh, yeah. I don't want to mention the old name, but they were really nervous. And of course, this is the same guy that told me, Oh, I know that way you stay on the air. It's just the guy. I know you can say whatever you want. Yeah. Right. But the first time I threatened to start playing music, man. I mean, I can't. I mean, I can't. Service. This relaxed you. Okay. We're good guy. Just to stay away. Documents released today by the ACLU reveal that the FBI. A lot of initials, baby. As in GD and FU and whatever. We reveal that the FBI has indeed monitored political groups solely on the basis that they oppose the US-led war. According to the memo written in 2002, the FBI launched a class of identification of the activities of Pittsburgh's Thomas Morton Center after becoming concerned that the group held daily leaflet distribution activities in downtown Pittsburgh, and was currently focused on the South-Essentially Potential War in Iraq. The memo aimed to summarize the investigation's results. It identifies the group of say left wing organization advocating among many political causes, pacifism. Oh, they're dangerous. They're really dangerous people. Those pacifers like the Quakers. They're feeling the roads. The ACLU is filed for treatment information acts requested to have over 150 organizations in individuals that occupants releases a result of a field monitoring infiltration of political environmental anti-war and faith-based groups by the FBI and local law enforcement agencies. Like those cookie-baking criminals out there in San Diego in 3911. Remember them? That's right. They were cookie. Yeah. Something is seriously wrong in how our government determined civil and well-constitutional terrorism when peace activists find themselves targeted were marked humanly and clic-lure executive director of the Thomas Warton Center for Peace and Justice. And anybody with a half a brain knows where we have to go for justice. Right? You can do it. Do I have it? Oh, yeah. Oh, there it is. I forgot what was under. Thunder look under, look at. Oh, look. Oh, look. Let me worry about, look at. I'm doing the job things. You can't see it though. It's very scary guy. It's too good. Here's a facts from a hockey fan. I can't read what it says there in the bottom. Something about Dean. What's the best word of that Dean? I can't read it. As in the Yorker that remembers the great islander teams, I appreciate all about the way the islander arena they have are the pipes of burst and lock rooms are full of like manure and stuff and oh, they got problems are a long island. In fact, the headline and the news of the post yesterday said, I wonder, stink. It says I appreciate the owners' effort to be successful about retaining the two rate pairs and what does that say? That's going to be. Grant. Grant. I have no idea what I'm going to do. I'm going to support the path to the go to some games and putting up with some stadium crap. A and E, let's hear it with a hockey talk and lay off these stereotypical black girls who are happy quorum. Oh, God, this is one of the worst fake facts as I've seen in this weekend. It's really weak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, L, Verizon and SIGGETER Writers' lines. Lying 9, that's John's favorite. Q, A, M, Noodle line. Hello. I've said it one thing, but they're just obsessed with that. You know? You ain't no ready. There are any wannabes. It was only one, Eddie. It's a soul, many. It's always on line 9 too. There's just something about to anyone. Eddie, that's what I'm going to do with one. Is there any doubt? I mean, when you hear that, there's A1. Eddie comes out of the box strong. That's the one. Yeah. Who, that group? That's Eddie, one of these. It's very weak. 5, 6, 7, look at that foam. Maybe they ain't nothing going on. Just like this probably not much going on out there. John and Baker, which is very sad. Because Roliz, I've always got, he's got a $10 in cash. He's going to give away not. Not. And a whole bunch of parking passes. Yes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See we started with a pancer talking. I had that one facts. And that's the end of the whole boy. That's a, that's facts. That's from across the street. You guys talk about the pancer's okay. We're not talking about that. We're talking about the rape of the public. That's nothing to do with pancer games. Pansy games, any of these things. Curling matches, none of that. WQ, A, M, hello. Mr. Nail. Yes, sir. When you were at the studio in Saita, who was a teacher who used to lay down on the floor? They've to pre-do. Why did he do that? I never understood. The NKN so much that he would get like, over, you know, just overloaded, and we'll just pass out and line a floor. Oh, and why does he bring us in tons of food in the morning? Just tons of food. Why ever happened to pee from panorclank? A, he sleeps with the fishes like Luca Brassie. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, and now we're getting to the good calls, baby. Yeah, what happened to the bird? He also sleeps with the fishes. WQ, A, M, hello. Hey, how's the hang of my lower? I think he might be under the bed, but at tuna fish, yes, sir. Hey, we're going to get to, we're going to get that CD on line wire, church. And how about a coffee mug? I love my mo coffee mug. WQ, A, M, hello. When are your people, obviously? Yes, sir. Right. Right. Yeah, you have the going. Okay. Um, shit. All sorry. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. What are your people? Yeah. He was more entertainment, you're guys. Even though we had a dump of the tourists, while I think of those. You did? You did? Smart ass, Trudon. Why is that? Well, as it turns out, we did. See that? There was a guy. Is he that? Yeah, stop to think about it. It's our 85-minute delay. You can be danger eating, get on it. You just pissed off because he was, Well, what do you, what was he asking you about? You just don't talk about it. What do you mean by that? It's what we don't want to talk about. Well, I got to take it as you have facts. Huh? I'll send you a facts about it. Okay. Anyway, how many votes we had? Look at that. Which party would you better drop the handling of a rack? And I just didn't see what it was. Said it both suck. 1127 votes. We got to 111 votes on a poll. That means we're going to have the race like Zidians today. Can you feel it? Can you almost smell it? Feel something. You all know the name of the guy. Concepts because I've been talking about them for 20 years on a show. I used to infect it with him. I have to ask you. I'm sure that the carpets are just like brand new laid on the floor. And they'll do the same for you. Before you go out and spend thousands of replace your soil of carpeting, give the guy concepts to call in and bring those carpets back to life. They'll look and smell and feel just like brand new. They'll be vibrant and color, soft of the touch, and stain free. And the guy concepts is the only company that you ought to trust because like I said, I've used him in so of Zidians of others for over 20 years in town now. I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't. Broad concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning. A post-reclining, deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and last more. Without a doubt one of the best things you can do for your or your or your or your or your rugs is to use a quality under layments. Let's add baby under there. It's essential for a standing life and beauty of your area rug and provides critical cushiony and prevents skinning and hard floors. During this month, during the month of March called, the concept of say 15% in all under layment padding. Broad concepts always give you professional service, always show up on time. It always give you a written guaranteed price upfront, no repost, no scams. So for carpet cleaning, water damage restoration, pet order treatments, macros cleaning the sacred by those dust mice and lots more. Call the best and trust the best dry concepts. Call them toll free and date route in the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, dry concepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562-8-5071. Oh, a limo, you're so big. You experience his new age music before, but never like this. Now, you know the excitement of his biggest unrest record, the young, capturing live from the county unit. Yes, all the mining, non-mustipy, silver craftsmanship. You're going to do it for years and elevators in this office and supermarkets. Performed live from the local lock-up bus, all new tracks like I'm located assault on the sunrise, screening order of dreams and the rain must fall and so will you if you can believe me you are. Of all the 1995 bus shipping and handling and speaking of handling, call them out and you will see the full color poster of the honey becoming your cellmate's bitch. 1245, get to some education team before you send us any more facts as a minute as a prophetic. Handwriting sucked and so does everything else. By the way, the guy I'll guess it was, he was a real live wire. No, no. Would you... Oh, oh. Just a little joke, okay, just a little... Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm not... I'm not... I'm not... I'm not... Anyway, what do we got so far? Let's find out. And I just made a decision, okay? Because this is... I don't want to do this every day until like the middle of June. It's only the middle of March. You out of your mind? You're crazy. We can leave it on our website. For the rest of the year for my part, I don't care how long it's on here. Right? Doesn't... No sweat off our ass. But if you think we're going to do the these vannits and begging for money every day, the middle of June, that is bad radio, okay? It is freaking ponderous is what it is. I say to like... The middle of April, another month. No April full of neither one month. What? It sounds funny. That's what I'm saying. Until my April vacation, which is an April. Where do I attach time? That sounds like a plan. And what do we got there? I bet we're over 17 grand. We got three feet in it. 60 more. That's 17,000, 20 bucks. All right. Okay, that's enough. Ha ha ha ha. See, I only wish. First of all, I wish that nobody would ever talk me in this in the first place. Nobody's fault with mine. I take a blame. Old softy. Always get let myself get talked to this stuff. We start doing this. Okay. It's a pain in the neck. We start doing it. And then, of course, the other reason, what we each you know about, which I don't want to see on the ear and tell us all over. People while we're never doing it again. You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. At any rate, my sponsor is significant. I've got a lot of responses. Pulled day 1145 vote. Don't have one. 12. Where will get you one? Go grab one like us. Policomists do. Man, describe somebody. Have a good time with them. Well, I'll take a one thing. What was it? Sunday night, everyone out there to would buy and have me some. A very lucky and good. I got that hot machine boy. Speaking of hot. There were some hot people out there that died. Wow. Totally mully. Me. But nevertheless. Don't have one. 12. A treasure to away. That is just. It's enough to make you want to cry. And I'll let that is so emotional and tender and touching. Yeah. I'm touched it. Sensational 118. Hot. 106. I hate this. 106. Well, guess what? I hate pain. But great in the sack. 91. A nag. Oh. Cheese. That wasn't cute. 77. A nag. A nag. A irreplaceable 74. Anointing 70. Aging badly 56. Aging badly. Lookin' like crap. A slob 27. Stinky 7. And gross. Still only 3. Thank the Lord for that. Cause if somebody's like, you know, I'm sure that out of those. That first category don't have one out of those food and 12. They're probably a bunch of networks and punitive types. So maybe somebody like in those last year or four categories. But they watched up in a dichste. I mean, I don't think I would have maybe just got them. Beer read them somewhere. Maybe they put them out of the bed with a tune in the power of milk. 5. 6. 7. Oh, by the way, USD rails efforts for democracy and Iran. Speaking of raw story. I sure like that raw story. Promoted activists inside Iran say President Bush is playing the spend tens of millions of dollars to promote democracy. Here is the kind of help they don't need. Warning that mirror announcement of US program in dangerous human rights advocates by 10. You know, as American agents the Washington Post says, in the case of that, the kids fear is directly linked to Bush's announcement. The government has jailed two Iranians who traveled outside the country to attend what was built as a series of workshops on human rights. Human rights. Oh, my God. Two others who attended war interrogated for three days. The workshops conducted by groups based in the United States were held last April. But a right-day investigators did not summon the participants until last month about the time the Bush administration announced France has spent $85 million to support the cause of a freedom in Iran this year. If the US wouldn't have stuck the Shah in there in the first place and kicked out most of that, we wouldn't be where we are right now. What if the Shah would have not run in the country? The Shah would have so vock that used to pull out people's fingernails. He made sottom look like a Sunday school preacher. The President of Puerto Pern. I mean, that ain't such a good thing anymore. Like I said, we are under pressure from both hardliners in the judiciary and a stupid George Bush. Human rights activist Ahmad Bosni said as he waited anxiously for his life and daughter to emerge from interrogation last week. When he says he wants to promote democracy in Iran, he gives money to these outside groups and more in here suffering. Activists here said the Bush initiative demonstrates the chasm, often separates those working inside Iran for greater freedoms. Fairfellix calibrating the rations to nudge incremental changes in a hostile system. And the more stride in approach of many women and exiles who often have the ear of warms policy makers for a start and who are serving the Hornets says, or make it a big cimmace instead of just very quietly and slowly but surely, you know? No, they got to make a big cimmace. Although we're good care of, you're not not care it cimmace. Is there anything I guess that I'm thinking about luchin cocoa? So they're good to see you guys. They're not even in the same family. 560, 560, Tom 560, Levi's in the singular wireless line. Why are they doing pretty good out there? What we got 350, you said? Yeah, yeah, it's not too bad, but they're less than an hour. I'm thinking we get another 60, we get a thousand. What do you think we can do that? We could. Our entaminets, I mean don't forget, I mean they don't get there till right at noon because they don't want to miss out on those three pants or parking passes. WDQA and hello. Hi, is this you? Yes ma'am. Can I go? You? You can speak to me, yes. Hi, Neil. I love you. Well great. I just wanted to say you're doing a wonderful thing for a band of Tet rest of you. I know you get discouraged, but I think it's wonderful for animals can't talk for themselves. Right. And when are you guys going to come over to the east side of town? Like where? Like to for a lot of it? Yeah. Well I'm going to go my way. I'm Miguel, we'll leave now. I'm real heavy. We're not gonna be heavy. A lot of people on the east side. We can't. We don't like going up to that west side of town. I don't like. I don't like. Okay. To me. Exactly. We all fought out there. And you were great. When you did Capriita, those are the days. They really were. That was it. Never had that anymore. I was doing that. Classic. I was doing that on tape. I wish I did. Yeah. You know what? I would add just some play in every day. I've ever raised you out there. I love you, Neil. Bye. Bye. You wish me a thousand more than I was. You know, you know, we have to move. Onward and upward. First of all, that's civilating 30th anniversary experience. It was really a message. You know, it was a... Oh, I am so stupid, man. It's just so... A lot of mismanaged career. But I'm doing okay. You know, I have no complaints. I thought, talk me into going to woodbindemar. I wasn't going to go to the Thursday. I know. I mean, they're going both days. Well, I gotta get more than any back for the night. From that unscheduled trip that I did so well. I have no idea. Because usually, when you make one of those sperm at a moment, the decision is always a bad idea. But this one's turned out to be a good machine, man. I mean, I'm sorry, a good machine, man. Somebody QAN, hello. I've got Charlie, I'm divide-in. Somebody QAN, hello. QAN, hello. Somebody QAN, hello. QAN, hello. QAN. Yeah, hi, is it church? Yeah. Hey, church. Um, I got something for these 30 things. Yeah, you can play on the radio instead of what you got. That's getting kind of old. Get a recording of Frank Sappers, why no man? And there's a content, there's a piece of that that you can check that out. Well, look, I'm a kid. Well, let's get them kind of old. How does it feel, man? Yeah, that's it a little bit. No doubt. No doubt. It's number one was four bulls, baby. Okay. Well, what is with these people? No matter what we do, they always know better. You know that's right. Hey, they have people on Bob and Brown. It's the young, the cute, it's boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth is shining. I tell all the girls they can kiss my honey. But don't get right here. I'm out of pain with soup. I'm present in shock. And I'm acting to them. I got the cheerleader here once they dealt with my face. Well, they're doing all the work. And they believe that they'll be the one who goes to the other side. And they'll be the other kids. Okay. There you go. Right, St. P. Spragt's Zephy for president. That's what I say in Moon Unit. Oh, so when we get back to that story about their kid that died, that they killed and tampered, they bushered and killed them. And they saw always they were a blood disorder. No. Yeah. Prosecutors confirmed it at the 14 year old boy who was beaten and kicked by guards in a juvenile boot camp. Did not die of blood disorder as they medical examiner initially ruled. But Pan Bondi, I wonder if he's kind of dick beyond the or a viola Bondi. Pan Bondi, a spokesman for Hillsborough County State attorney Mark Ober, who was investigating the death of Martin Lee Anderson to come and further on the case. I wonder if any case got the Ober's and Unders. Bondi was confirming the statements of Dr. Michael Bodden. Remember him from OJ? No. Yeah, you do. The noted pathologist who observed this. Oh, is that noted pathologist? Yes. Well, observed Anderson's like Dr. Henry Leam. By the way, you people lied to me that Lee's Chinese that Henry Lee's Chinese is still open to four-door dealer on US one year full of crap. Well, I was home. I was looking up a restaurant in the, a phone book or a takeout or whatever. That place is still there. Henry Lee's T-house. What do you know where it is? Anyway, he had said earlier to his ed team probably died from a beating by guards and not a blood disorder as a medical examiner initially ruled. My opinion is that he died because of what you see in a video tape. Said Bondi referring to the surveillance video showing the guards kicking and punching Anderson's limp body shortly after he arrived at the Bay County Sheriff's Office boot camp January 5th. He died at a hospital early the next day. Bodden observed the autopsy and behave vanishing parents that will be several weeks before Adams could determine the exact cause that's medical examiner Dr. Bernard Adams because tissue samples must be analyzed that evidence considered. Why the considered to be one of the nation's top forensic pathologists in a real publicity grabber? Bodden noted the investigated thousands of deaths of people who custody over the past 30 years. I've heard man. And that one was caused by sickle cell trade. I'm just mad that tooth is out to at least mother Gina Jones by already knew what the tooth was. Now that the tooth is out, I want justice. I want the guards and the nurse to be arrested for justice we go to. The face makes me realize. But it's the one to do our. The cell looks to rock and rollers pass their prime. What's happened straight out of Detroit Rock City is this kid ride. What's up? I'm Scott Stab. And the secret no one knew. I don't spend a lot of money on videos. I don't think a lot of people realize that. Is it true love or something more higher right here? I think it turned the cameras on. You put the thought into the video and not the money. They call these other pent maids. The line number. See the **** David. And no one understands what these two share. If we're in the state set fire and this one of the videos are. Sometimes the simplest things matter most play one of my sons. I don't think that's necessary. Grammy winning singers. Kid rock and Scott Stab started broke back. Rockstar. It's good to be the guy. It's what I want in 560 WQM happy Tuesday to you. And our total agenda Baker is 390. Branden flight FLYTE student Westland High School in Westland, Oregon was recently a spell. For every video project he'd been assigned in class which includes a same sex snow roll scene. Uh oh. His film broke back high. Is a gay love story based on themes from Rope Act Mountain but set in the modern day high school. The shot above and it's got to show. Here was the one that got him expelled. And it's uh I guess I'll give you this story. So I'm raw story. Pretty. Not really too raw. Flight right side is website. One has to wonder if any of this would have happened at the two characters. Not really my film but male and female. Well, I believe that diversity is encouraging schools. But when a 17 year old straight kid makes a serious scale up to another spell for it. It just begs the question of exactly what kind of policy was the administration following. I recall 10 fields. One of the advice principles of my school having to think for at least a minute when asked by the office lady. Watch it. I put down for the reason of withdrawal. In the basis of my espalcent is so unclear to them. And shortly as circumstances surrounding it, I was extremely questionable. And the grounds on which I was removed are both unfair and unexplainable. Let me say again unfair and unexplainable. There's a clip of Rope Act High in his website and an area to leave comments in the support. According to Flight, Westland High says they'll pay for me to finish up my life from us a high school at the Academy's Community College and I'll be able to walk in my high school transegraduation in 10 promised at GEST. Oh Jesus, Zion America, baby. FAST, Fully. On his cure of fields, Fully. FAST. Anyway, it's moving along. So we got what? How much more? 390. That's 40 bucks more than we had last time. That's pathetic. 1760 bucks. Our dreams have given to 25 grand by two o'clock today. I've gone right down the tour with. I'm going to read it one more time. Okay. Because I don't want to like do like a little dog. Get on my hind legs with my paws up in your L. Please. Yeah, let me do that. I've got a bird to do that. Yeah. Can you see my hind legs? Your boxers. Now till clock is on the baker. 125 92 pines of boulevardess. The Home Depot shopping center pines in Flamingo. It's right there in the heart of the universe man. No excuses. Roli is waiting for it. About 30 cm in t-shirts. And also as a limited supply plant of park and pass is the avoid because we're a peoed and the organization ripping off the public. For concerts, hockey games, curling matches, all of these free-can-modities things. Here's some good news though. Public supermarkets stay on fail. They 100 man long overdue by the way. Unfailed 100 million dollar plan to install powerful back of January to the South Florida stores to avoid the food shortages and long lines that played stores after Hurricane Wilma. The Lakeland-based companies announcement also came with a play to the regions of municipalities speed up the permit process necessary to carry out the large scale effort. With the official start of Hurricane season list and three months away, public executive said they can't put the plan into place until the paperwork is complete and hope their governments will drag their feet. By July, let's tend to have that to slots are starting to go on at the per mutuals. By July, public success-davvy, third of its stores equipped with a backup system, including some in Browden Palm Beach counties as long as permits are approved. We have a plan, said Maria Bruce, spokeswoman for public, but in order to make our plan a reality, we need all the municipalities to provide their permanent process that process get it going out when you please get with it. The generators will allow the company to operate as produce meat dairy and frozen food departments, which are only partially served by the existing generator systems. That means that high demand item such as ice milk, tuna and powdered milk will be available to customers. That's great. The permanent 500 kilowatt generators would have automated turn-on senses along with a double-lying fuel tank that holds a thousand gallons of diesel fuel and that could keep stores operate even throughout prolonged power out of it. Well, that's there for public, okay. We'd like to have us already ahead of time. And now there's one that we speak for. That amazing? That's great. I mean, yeah, I come home whenever it was back in about a month ago. And co-defined out there's like 45 new public stores within a 10-block radius of my house. Very convenient. Robertson finds radical Muslims say Tannick. Now ordinarily I just ignore him, but he got it, but he's good for laughs. Oh yeah, little gap. Television evangelist Pat Robertson said yesterday on his live news and talk for him, the 700 Club, that Islam is not a religion of peace and that radical Muslims are say Tannick. Think of it, radical Christians aren't say Tannick. Robertson's comments came after he watched the news to around his Christian broadcast unit work about Muslim protests in Europe over the cartoon drawings of the Prophet Muhammad. And he ought to look for dice of caves, you know it? The people would match. Yes, it would. Sorry, it's what a fact is it. Oh, he remarked that the outpouring of radio-licited by cartoons just shows the kind of people we're dealing with. These people are crazed phonetics and I want to say it now, I believe it's motivated by demonic power. It is say Tannick at some time we recognize what we're dealing with. Said Pat Robertson. In Norfolk. Robertson also said the goal of Islam ladies and gentlemen whether you like or not is world domination. Think of the Christians don't want to do that. In a statement later on, they Robertson said he was very specifically the terrorists who want to bomb innocent people as being motivated by Satan. In the news story he noted radical Muslims were shown screaming, may Allah bomb you, may Allah bomb you, when Allah bomb a grand day. Angel Loss. A Robertson's folks will say the telephone review that the news segment also included comments from a moderate Muslim in the United Kingdom saying radicals don't represent Muslims in that country. Robertson's Virginia base network did not include his remarks when posted the program on his website, however, that this isn't was made out of concern. The Robertson's remarks could be misinterpreted if you out of context once said, right? He pissed off the Arab street and it came after his last, which I think is a good idea. All those angry Muslims go get him boys. Monday's comments were similar to Marsey Mianon is, oh and by the way, speaking of this, how is everything else you're on to? Who? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Robertson recently told ABC's Good Morning America that it comments off the cuff after watching news segments. He later told the Christian magazine World that he's being more careful and reviewing news stories before going on here, including off his big ignorant mouth. The Reverend Barry Lynn executive director of Americans United for separation of church and state called Robertson's new comments grossly irresponsible. At a time when interwilligious tensions around the world are in an all-time high, Robertson seems to trim it through a gas on the fire of Lund send us them. He's throwing gas on it. Gas on it. Gas on it. Gas on it. To 10. 05 6705. Do you know where you're going to stick in 567? 05 60 and pound 560 in the brothers and stick it around the time. We've got a guilty of two this afternoon and we're evolving door spot. We're all in door where they used to be. And they used to head bowl. W2AM Hello. Neil, are you doing? Pretty good. Well, here's a federal government up to his tremendous speaking. At least he's consistent. Do you think, uh, no, I'm sorry. I'm getting a federal officer. I get choked up. It gets a tough man away. I'm getting out. Do I think? That's here. Okay. It shows it. It didn't choke up. He just choked. Yeah, he just lost it. Total panic. That's okay. Give it a good shot. Next time maybe carry like another 10 seconds. 567560 pound 560 in the brothers and stick it around the line. I'm going to go ahead of me a good lunch today. I'm very rarely eaten restaurants because, you know, if you're trying to. Now, I want to say lose weight, but just maintain the status quo like a while, 190 is which is okay. Oh, no, not great. But it's okay. Uh, eaten restaurants. Not a good idea. I'm not a question. John the Baker or the Emerald Coast. Well, skinny people can eat there. But I'm excited about that. Sure, it's hockey though. You know something. If that stuff gets here, in fact, if it does arrive before a month, which is all they comments about Amazon.com, really peoed about how long it took for you. Because it's such a great demand for it. But if that stuff turns out to be as miraculous as the guy who called this morning said, and he, he, he, he, he, nobody's need would lie about it. Right. Let's see how it's done. I'm going to create a sensation. It's going to make the whole actions diet and bangle bites and bokeh burger. All that stuff, pale and with significance. Fish food. I'm talking right now, right? Just be prepared for sure, or talkie. A sure, or talkie attack? Yes. How do you do QAM? Hello. Hello. Yes. How did Molly ring want you on the pole the other day? WQAM? Hello. Hey. WQAM? Hello. QAM? How did we turn to Gilbert Solomon? Come on. Let's move ahead. You can do it. QAM? Hello. Not there. Or maybe it's that guy again. WQAM? Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. I wanted to thank you for bringing up that algorithm. Boot. Boot. Ready. Petty. Boot. Tim. The base. A little 14 year old kid. Yeah. That's what's coming down in this world. Great. Get a life. 5.6.7.0.5.6. Cronic. Lady. WQAM? Hello. As you have shot, Limeon? Hello. Yes. I'm sorry. I just wanted to see that WQAM. Martin came in number 2. Meaning why? How about? Don't go together. Game is number 2. WQAM. Oh, that's about. I'll see you just like the other time. We'll go to blessing that is. Don't worry. We're just on stone. The super. Just to realize how well the thing works out for us. 5.6.7.0.5.6.0. We've arrived in SIGITARWIRESLINE. WQAM. Hello. Buddy. Cool. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. That was even the real guy. QAM. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Come on. Hello. Yes. Yeah. What's this? What's this? What's this? Oh, Jane McCuppey here. I'm perfect. Listen. What about that city? What about it? How do we get the city? Go online. Neil Rogers.com. We're going to join a big right now and rip off one. Hit roll over to hit with a rolling pin. Really pin. I like where we're going to deliver those people to get it for crying out loud. It's right there. There's a big picture on our website. Neil Rogers.com. If you don't have a computer, we don't want to talk to you. Okay. We're just tearing that crap. Are we? Yes. We are. And even Jack Careford, you know what? I wouldn't know how to do that because I don't know how to run a computer. Well, you know something. I'm tired of old-footed that he people, even though I like both those people a lot. But, you know, yeah, with it. And there's that cure of folks. Oh, man. Per first and then a badge right behind. When her behind. It's like a bastard bitch. Little tiny shrunken head. Am I exaggerating or not? No. She got like a little shrunken head. She's got the senior wences like the funny mouth when the foamy lips are used to do on a finger. That's her. She doesn't belong in her man. I guess after you get to suck it up to the bush crowd that much, I guess your lips kind of like invert like that. Dana. Which I think her name is Dana, but blue does. He doesn't want to danna bash. He's, you know, we're taught for a priest with what he did. But he believed me. He's not what she thinks he is. Trust me. Because you're just, you're just being introduced now. Okay. I got a lot of things to make up for a lot of men's to make. Maybe he's a toad. Yeah, a lot of men's to make too. 13 past one a QAM. Hey, 10 year on QAM. You don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck. That doesn't national guard at no. That's a movie. That's a movie. Do do do do do do do. We'll, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle, Joe Mothers, my dear and flowed. And there we play to see my friends go to this meet. That's your critical face song. We thought it was Arkansas, but it's Utah. I discovered that after lunch, I watched nothing on A&E. Anyway, what we got now, you're a T-word over 400. Yeah, we are. We're at 430. 430 already. What's that we still do in here? 430. That's 40 bucks more. We had before that 17,100. That's a pitiful number. At least we got over 17,000. 430. That could be a real shot of the thousand. Not. That's okay. What do we do yesterday? 8. Some. I forgot. It was 8. Some. We went over 8. How can we do 8 there? We did 8. We did 8. We got to write down right here. 8. 5. It's not so bad. At 2 location. Let me say again, we did 8. 5. And one location. About 5. At the other one. That was the total. Yeah, that's what we're going to discuss. We had 2 locations yesterday. Allegedly. We had to do a lot more than 430. I'll say to that in the next 41 minutes. It's going to be pretty embarrassing. I'm going to tremendous waste of time by rolling out there. Let's get with it. John the Baker. John the Bo Schaweck said her pines and flimingo. And you don't have to go in there and eat them. It would be nice if you did because you loved the food and it's all delicious. But yeah, that's okay. I understand that you cheap. Just give us the 20 bucks and cut the crap. I really used to that. I didn't have any more pants and pants. They're not probably because they were all in supply. But yeah, oh, hey, still got lost. Oh, yes, he does. There you go. See it goes to show you, man. You people just don't want even strike back. That's what about your whimsy. Why are you talking about the Democratic Party? You people are like to Democrats. When a doubt you just went out, it's said a strike and back and get an evil with a Panther organization and like it in some pre-part and passes in after you're ripped off through your valence of the season because no need you're going to go anyway. That's the bottom line. If they won every game from now on, the end of the season, you still wouldn't go. We love the pan. They're, yeah, only that one year. That's when they love the panters. Van Wagon, jumpers, front wanting, front wanting, front wanting phones. US post warrior rack strategy was a mess of Blair was told. This is in the Guardian UK. S Senior British diplomatic and military staff gave Tony Blair explicit warnings three years ago that the US was disastrously mishandling the occupies of Iraq according to leaked memos. They're leaking over there. John Sours, Mr. Blair's envoy and bagged at the aftermath of the invasion, said a series of confidential memos to Downey Street and May in June of 2003, cataloging US failures. With unusual frankness, he described the US post-war administration by the General Jake Garner as an unbelievable mess and said Garner is top team of 60 year old retired generals were well-meaning but out of their death. That assessment is reinforced by Major General Albert Whitley. The most senior British officer with the US line forces, General Whitley, another memo laid that summer, expressed alarm that the US British Corrosion was in days revosing the peace. We may have been seduced into something we might be inclined to regret is strategic failure of possibility. The answer has to be, yeah, you can prove it. Yes, I, I, sir. The memos were obtained by Michael Gordon author along with General Bernard Trainer of Coburn II, the inside story of the invasion and occupation of Iraq, public to coincide with the third anniversary of the invasion. The British memos identified a series of US failures that contained these seeds of the person in certainty, anarchy, the even states include. And this goes on a line for just going to read some bullet points. So case in bullet points. Hit the highlights. A lack of interest by US commander General Tommy Franks in the post-invasion phase, the presence in the capital of the US third and end country division, which took a heavy hand in approach to security, squandering the initial stability of the Iraqis, vectel the main US of the armed contractor moving to slowly to reconnect basic services, such as electricity and water, figured a deal with health hazards such as 40% of Baghdad sewage, purgently, Tigris River and rubbish piling up in the streets and sacking any of Saddam Hussein's bath party even though many of them held relatively junior post at a part-age in a perishory. I like that. It goes on. It's on our website. So Tony Blair, nobody sold out a piece of crap. There's another guy. I thought he was like really something. He's something I can't see it on the earlobe. We're good, joist. Milosevic's son says his father was killed. Do we care? That's absolutely not. Well, I'm kind of glad. Yeah. Enough already, would it? Slavio. Slavio, Milosevic's son alleged today that his father been killed while he went war crimes, probably in the official said the court of control, the late sir, leader had regular access to unprescribed medication and booze. The official spoke of course on condition of anonymity because the tribunals for confidentiality rose, told the A&P that the units prison warden had told the court they could no longer guarantee Milosevic's health. The official said prison authority would be completely fine, ban material in itself, including booze and unsprescribed drugs. The tribunal official was as access to confidential documents on Milosevic's medication use said two doctors concluded the former sirb leader was intentionally taking drugs that undermine the prescribed medication for a Saturday. And he wanted to go to Russia. He wanted to go to Siberia, but in a good place for him, where he'll be safe. Yeah. He could go to a Louisiana Bronx and be safe too. Calts has positive format, Caldez is now a Bama. Calenal of Amaz has the positive confirming the 30 West case of the brain wasting ailment. The Cales didn't enter the food supply for people or animals official said the animal unable to walk was killed by a local vet and buried on the farm. That's sad. There are a lot of shoot for you'll move Cal. We were made very confident to say by the way, Cales are just, I don't know, dumb. Well, yeah. I mean, horses are dumb. I don't care what anybody says. I like horses, so that's what point, but they're really dumb. But at least if you whistle, they will pee in our horse. You think of Cal, if you whistle, no. If you don't, give a see at the end of the hearing of a train Cal. No. I mean, train elephants, yes. Train horses, of course. Train dogs, cats, pherarchets, cockatoo's, mine birds, mine at source. But train Cal, ah, ah. They're really good for two things. What is milk? Although it please don't take Cales, but please. And number two is like slaughter. Right. No. The new scheme is the Bushman of St. Markter, we're sure Japan other foreign customers are American beef. Japan halted USB shipments in January. After fighting, fuel cuts with backbone. I wish they'd ever credit party would eat those. Custard wheat in the US, but not in Asia. And that's a man I got to do this for it. If we're eating stuff that isn't being eaten in Asia, we really got problems. Where was Paul? Well, I went to that Chinese market that they didn't even for my sugar tacky. Oh, I went in the three markets. And they got these big tubs of all these, yeah, lions, teeth and strings. That's all. Tiger balls. Tiger balls. Tiger balls and claws and pay out of post-urrethra. Plan of post-urrethra. Plan of post-urrethra. Fingernails. Oh, man, what is that? God. Oh, breaking news. Oh, that's not real breaking news to say. A promo from Western hotels. Well, it didn't look like breaking news. It looked kind of interesting when I got the candles out. They don't got Tom Bodetho. 26 past one of you. I'm guilty of two. Don't forget the Jack Martin show it to your clock. Well, we got back after this break. See, this is why I just can't continue doing this thing every day with this fundraising thing. It's just got wrenching. Because they're not coming through anywhere near like they used to. Although, maybe my memory's bad. I don't know what we used to get. This is a malware was. I think we're doing this good or better as we have on this station. Are you sure on this station? Because on this station, I get really quick. We're not getting any assistance from anybody else. I suppose to like on I would be when we're concerned. We're plop, pump it and fill Henry and Randy and whoever else was on the air. They were pumping it. In addition, we usually had some of their own stuff. Like Randy had that pathetic video. Remember that? I had a lot of other things. I had a lot of other things. I had a lot of things. I had a video. We all had some of these. We're all working together to raise money for a good cause. And this station is like us against the world. We have consistent needs that can we have against devey. I have a much better chance than what we can expect from someone and how much time we're going to still have regulations and ways to think about it. Rangers been, insurgents of the Caribbean, and especially Indiana Jones in the Temple of Bloom. And by the way, sure, please don't let trips and neurologists for not wearing a curtain. But what the hell's the matter with you people? I don't know what you've been smoking, but ever since school people and South-up, held on the alde and I, I've been trying to spread the word the cartoons are about as real as world-class asses and do's technical and dream people. So come visit us, it's Disney World Damascus. We're Donald Duck doesn't wear pants but are women recovered and wear tomorrow land a set in 1552. I throw you in for those. Am I C? See you soon. Hey, y! Why? Because we hate you. Am all you is. Oh, wow. 131 at 5.60 W. Q.A.M. 250 votes on a poll today, a lot of votes. So the poll is dual-well, which we were doing as well on a fundraising thing which we already nauseated by. How am we doing? We got to stay past $40 a break now we're at 470. 17,000, 140. You know, hopes were so high. Almost as high as George. 111,140. It's pretty weak. I mean, how much the total? 4,1? Oh, 70. That is lame. But, never mind. What am I going to do about it? Am I going to like Troy? Hissy fit? Is that it? Is your program director would say? I'm going to try to say something. Oh, wow. Hell's Angel soon Disney over trademark skull and name. Speaking of a mechamouse. The Hell's Angel's motorcycle club is going head to head with Walt Disney World Company over use of their trademark skull and name, a quite a way local six news report. The group is suing Disney's Winnie Vista Motion Virtu. Then it's new movie Wild Hogs. In the film, John Rievolta, who's still in the class of a time cruise, Tim Allen and Martin Lawrence play Middle Age wannabe bikes, a bike cruise and went out of some of Hell's Angels members. The Hell's Angel said they never approved the movie's use of their name or skull that chose horns, feathers, and a helmet according to the report. I like that. A big semi-speech in the Hell's Angels and Disney of all people. Oh, it is your buddy, Hermann Gearing. Three years into the operation in Iraq, I recognized that well-meaning people. You recognized that that tantafloat thing would make him a lot of money, man. Get everybody whipped up, forget about Iraq. Where you might have that bird flu. Get your viscween, your duct tape, your powdered milk, your tuna, and of course your tantafloat. Even Debbie Reynolds has come back in the singing that Tammy song and just in honor of Rumsfield, so you can make a few more minutes. You know, this guy is older than the Mithuzla. I don't understand what all these old coots got to steal all this money for. You will listen all about exactly because they got nothing to do because something is limp, so this is how they compensate. Hey, how about it is? That's it. Crescent. I thought that was Bob Dole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 in a Verizon, singular wireless line. Don't forget we got that big Marlon game, 12, 50 on Thursday. Mark that baby down, right in your armpit. Just market down, so you don't forget. We're not going to forget. Don't wait. Hmm. How many QAM? Hello. What are you raising money for? For a while. For fun. Yeah, for an help it. Got any QAM? Hello. Not there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm just going to the music format this last half hour. I'm going to be bummed out about this. See, it's got a negative story impact all the way around because psychologically it's deflating to get on the ear and like, please, won't you help us up? Please won't you do that and they don't do it. Now, we won't do it. We're not going to give you like 20 cent. You've been on the ear for 30 years. We're entertaining. I'm using truckling aggravating whatever it is. And we will give you up penny. How do you like that? That's what we'll give you. We'll give it like a shot in the dark. It's what we'll give you. We'll give you the finger. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. Your thoughts on the March Madness. Careful. Nobody can do it. I'm hello. On the morning. He'll be poor. I'll be poor. Now, back to you. How do I get those free hockey tacky parking passes? The Euro by John the Baker right now. Where's that? Two leads. WDQAM Hello. QAM. The new one, too. This is the radio. Yeah. Extra trust. You're on this world. WDQAM Hello. Yes. How do you do my hand? QAM. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Quick question. I used the 50-us plate with I'm my sister's husband. You're on the CD. How do we know what is on it? I mean, like it's written in English. You go on our website. So you're starting to hold this right there. You click where it says, if you listen to whatever it else says, if you attract, here's how you know, you buy it, then you turn it around and you know, you don't want to do that. They do not go. Good. I'm not going to buy it unless there's a bad icon. There's an icon there. They're all good, Jack. I'm not going to pedal. I'm not playing this game. Okay. You're making a bad mistake. I'm not playing that game. You want it fine. You want to help us out that's great. If you want to show like everybody, it's got it so far as we're happy with it. Go on our website. You can see right there listening to this click where it says, right there in big English letters. View listings and we'll see all the tracks that are on there. And you can sit there and peruse. Well, let's see. I don't know. But I want to spend 20 bucks for this. You sit there and you know, you're finger deep inside your uh, back to the body and the men may own and kind of ponder or not or or not. You know, whatever, whatever works for you is fine with me. I don't care. WQAM. Hello. A. A. M. C. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. on PA Casey Boor compare twice I every band I knew I'd be seeing Dante and co-prepare. What meaning what? Now I see Dante's co-prepare. Ah, WCW, I see that at the part of it is the very funny lines that they work on for hours and hours. And you wait for like one, two and in a finalists sets in like that was what was supposed to be. By the way, he's a dolphin. Who cares? I'm just saying. Like I care about the dolphins. Is that the new de-arms supposed to care about that? That's going to put them over the top. Between Dante and co-prepare, maybe a paper and the AJC, that's for him back. I mean, you know, what's not to like when you got cusp right? Come in to QA and not line. Hello. QAM? A, N, I know. Okay. Really quick about the city. I love it. One, two, I got it because it's for just cars. Three out of my another one. I'm able to cheat jerks that kind of copy it. Yeah. I do it to friends. And so I have a question. Some of the ones, I mean, there's some bits that I like. But I'm not on it. How do I get the one I know the website? That you want to get? How do you get the one to get download of whatever? How do you get the bits? Yeah. This is like there's one I remember when you did a couple years ago with the photo from like the Lord of the Rings, and you just can't get it. How do you get those out of the table? Exactly. You don't know. Don't you can. Five, six, see what I mean. I know. I know. Sorry. I'm so sorry. Thanks a lot, Duff. I had, I wish if there was anything in my life. I could take back a little bit of and say, oh, okay, you guys deal with that. I don't like anything to do with it. I'm so tired of after every break. Why do we have to you after every break? When haven't we ever do that before? Well, what's the point of that? Just to give me more aggravated? Yeah, that's it. Keep it. Yeah, I'm sure that. Huh, we don't have to do any of it. No, I mean, who would we do it like once every half hour and give an update? And what do we expect? Every couple of months is like a line of 400 people waiting to throw their $20 in for rolling up there. Who's going to wait those free pay off? How do we get the pants or parking? I just got through a ton. You like 400 times today, Schmuck. Try to give the people an opportunity to like, we got that game with the Flyers tomorrow, which I'm sure a lot of people are going to want to see that. It's a big game. At least it could be. And here's a chance to get a parking pass and say, if you've booked no and distract back and say, I guess what we don't want to want to submit to your blackmail come to lie one. You would jackasses that run a organization. But no. And it just keeps going on and on and on like the drum swells. This is in Iran. Oh, God. 1225 votes on the pool. My sponsors are giving it out of the rear. A treasure, 221. Don't have one, 211, where you're lucky. Since station or 128, hot, 112, I hate this full 101. A pain for greatness, sack 99. You're a placeable 87. You see the way that's zoomed up there. Are you doubting Thomas? Yeah, I doubt Thomas. I'm not a guinea fore. I'm not an 76 aging badly 58. What a tub. A slab 29, stinky 8 and gross. Now ruptusinko. This is real Roger. This is my 16th. You say, I'm white. I died, died, died, died. I'm a little too dark. I'm a little too dark. I'm a little too dark. I'm a little too dark. Don't be off the earth, see the serene hearts. Don't be off the earth. Don't be on the earth. Don't be on the ground. Did you dump the down the y y the night? I got you. You made the mark, the long is on the sand. I'm not a helium angel, he's just a little bit burnt. And let me go it all the way. Don't be on the y y the night? I got you. We're the big one on the same Or they'll kill each other Don't worry why we're dying now 145 so they got to hit you wrong That's what gives people really crazy when they mess up the end You're okay. What do we got all white? Let's go five ten I thought it was a six ten was I would be five ten That's right. I thought we were five sixty Now what do we have in the last one because I'm losing Four seventy so another so we got another forty Yeah, well we're consistent we may not be good with a loser consistent That means seventeen thousand one eighty so thanks to those people who did come by and help us out But the rest of you that's should We're really peo Raspberry strawberry rhubarb how about some rhubarb pie? Hmm so good. I'm going to wait for my sure talking man Then I'm going to take over the world. I'm just going to set up a sure talking shop Get a little push card. Well, no, is there's not one of the biggest problems with us fat folks I mean what would you know about it? But it's that bostal apostob maybe I know about it. I struggle every well There you go. The toss is that is an obsessed with pasta. I am I am too. I'm a I'm actually wait and positive. I like some nice sausage and I'm sure talking that I like I like to suck to do for noodles that I haven't tasted With some nice low car of sauce. Mmm, you know some nice parmese and a sprinkle I like Steve got mystery go with say for me, and cheese and maybe if you have a pony Yeah, a few peppercorns. Shmere on it. Anyway, Al Gore spent a good part of the early 90s preaching the promise of the internet he became known as for calling it the information Super Highway. The nickname didn't last but the highway analogy has reemerged And the debate about the next generation of the online world with some forecasting a traffic jam As the updated version of the analogy goes, every bit of data online webpages Music files video is on a highway moving its similar speeds to computers and mobile devices around the world But what if they were to express toll lane? What if companies with money could pay Broadband providers to have their sights and services moved faster than everybody else's? Carrier such as AT and T say the concept is their future business model Critics say it may well ruin the web And to center the debate is the value of net neutrality a principal that is guided The internet for more than a decade. It states that internet service providers can't Favorite any online content over another. Unless of course it's right wing Some say the concept is why the internet is developed in the such a robust innovative medium with so many sights online Competing for the attention of web surfers, net neutrality lost for David Angola A three more equally matched but It's always a big butt But is more consumers which from dial up to broadband internet uses voice to move toward transferring large amounts of data Such as full-length movies AT and T and T and Verizon assert that companies say their school in Apple are going to make a fortune on the backs of their networks And it's time they start paying their share Telecommunication companies are spending billions in upgrading the network's channel next generation of online services Rather than passing the cost on the consumers they've read the charge the websites taken up the most bandwidth Companies offering data heavy services such as online gaming, phone calls and downloadable video Could pay network providers across the country to have their content prioritized meaning that it would reach customers faster than everybody else's Do you understand that? Yes, I do sorry I was over here Opening my poor on package from Dave Albertstand Ah See and you saw him sure he wouldn't let you down Got some sugar free vanilla hazelnut syrup Hmm Got some chip now. I kind of haven't tried some decent Dig it in here now Wait a minute sure. Surely not those little triangle ones and they'll come surely These they always are and they're there Oh, fat There you hit me Talk to that we go through this every year So those things those things nobody wants to eat that crap Virginia peanuts even the Orthodox don't want those Prioritories and prioritizing content may also make sure certain online services don't falter as features such as digital and TV and pull will be Move online access what is that oh, um nuggets filled pretzel nuggets peanut butter filled pretzel nuggets Under the present system consumers could suffer in consistent TV signals and choppy phone calls according to jade dern bomb by president current communications and German time Maryland Broadman over power line provider I don't know I don't even understand it. It goes like this like you go to a lot of websites to get real stories right? Yeah, and let's you new stories don't take a long time to download obviously you click on it if you have a hot band it clicks right there But what if I wanted to watch was upon a time in American? Exactly or let's say you wanted to watch the the 911 loose change Video or something like that companies that pay more what the story is saying companies that pay more will be able to deliver high speed content to their customers And the companies that don't won't so basically it's kind of like like the FCC reverse all over again companies with money will be able to give high speed product to their clients and Regular people like capital Hill blue or or just schmendrix. Yeah, they'll have to wait. They'll have slower speeds So people will be disquaded from going to those sites What is an accrid? Is that fine? As the rich good richer in the rest of us we have a lot of long Boy I guess you know you guys are gonna have a lot of the price bring there the cost of the broadband space on our website To the start and learn the rank of me. Well, she's dried cherries Mmm, that sounds really good and what about the homeintosh you haven't gotten to that yet? There are three little triangular homeintoshings homeintoshings homeintoshers Those are not homeintoshinob I guarantee you forget about the bill of bill either long gone. I guarantee that there's some belly some big We clean was the one that always sent us the nice Yeah honey glaze bread pastry lane. That's a lot of memory man for the good stuff That was fantastic D3 the lane Steve from pastry lane. Oh, that was the very best, but didn't they like turn on us one day because I said about The aerial sure was a big fan sliver something like having stuff I only said that because I wonder whatever happened to him is he still alive does anyone here? No, you know who I know is Dave Helver said thanks Dave See and here you saw them sure What the hell was that another stunt rejoin? I'm maybe yes today. I was rejoin's he's going to the whole list of 400 names and if the end real fan I'm the QM about real quick and then like you know and now again What the we need the additional stuff on here? We're gonna oversight and Josh is part What do you mean by that? Yeah, what does that mean? Yeah, what does that mean you blame in Josh for it now you start like fine fault instead of like a point to finger just because you got the Homeintoshin We need one of your reasons If you do the next no Or I'm hoping you're leaving the app about one of them. Oh, oh, I forgot my hand. I just have to have the proof Left me black and blues. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing up love I'm dying on the air. Why was I be in by teenagers with clubs? Don't know why this happens. I just most to the head They won't laugh They left me here for that I've got a ass But they high on drugs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I'm lying And heart and wound They took those face fall beds and someone like they grew I can ask the parents why they raised their kids this way Not a lot of prison time They'll be the price they pay What the family james with all those of us? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by someone who's at the time? You're that funny color. It's responsible for this video Thanks for the news. Thanks for the news. We're made it long. Thanks for the news. You need to be shocked Don't you follow what I'm saying? Otherwise why do we need the additional like a double double dose? You know what we need that for a double dose first of all. It goes on forever in the first place Not the find. Hank names every basketball guy that was ever born including everybody ever played the game and then we get to we get like a double rejoin Why you're trying to keep the show tight and neat and clean and like a smooth and not so schmoocy? You feel like unclean after that happens. Don't you feel unclean? Yeah, well, that's because of a buffer see no after you that those homotox can you feel unclean especially when that apricot starts getting to you? Wow, okay, so what do we got what's our final to the I know it's embarrassing I don't even want to talk about it Where what do I write this down? What we got now what are you having on land 90? Oh Which rollies gonna throw in 10 bucks to make it 600? What is that thanks rollies you demand What are you laughing about? So even half a seed visual I think I have a data Did he really? I don't know what tell we got I have no idea what we get 590 and we started with 1667 let me do the math Okay 600 is 17,000 to 70. We'll make 20,000 by the end the week even if Mani Bell has to kick him to difference and of course another thing you're forgetting about back in the back in the day Every time we get involved in one of these deals where there was center one the committal house Band and per rescue whoever we were raised in money for The station would write a check remember that not basically for the money back But I would do a Disney or Bob Green would come up with a grant Everybody involved I don't want to mention a personality things like that I won't put the squeeze in our colleagues here on our colleagues You know, but that's what I'm saying now we're out there on a limb we're out there like all by ourselves like like an alcatraz And now basically what it's all about that's right out on the island right see it. I'm out from alcatraz