For we are radio is what the use of you and That's the reason I'm your insane And hope that your heart's your insane Your abilities and the force you will achieve Your energy, power you'll treat with better money Ste Team your heart will treat with better money No cares all we wanna do Find this money you'll spend with those metres This child is all made me go swim Mom, when you are alone anywhere You are born in as you are why? why? why? Why did you tell to us? Oh no, 10 or 3 at 5.60. WQA and boy sure was interesting here in Tony's sugarweto and his little voice this morning wasn't it? Huh? Sounds very old. And then I'm sure in that list of all the people who was tankin he mentioned I were a winback again. Hey, am I wrong, Joshua is that, uh, that business all over I thought they wanted champagne ship. Yeah they did. What else he's still doing on the air for Christ's sake? Oh, they're gonna talk about that till the season starts again. So the cows come home, right? Jesus Christ man get that I wrote a winback off our station. Don't you understand he's like, uh, he's like a new surround our neck. I want to work on a station called WNUS. Anyway, wait to hear this. Cause Eric screwed up real bad. Eric wants to apologize for what I've got to bet. Cause I factored them pull again 400 times yesterday and finally around 830 last night he finally decided to give this fat ass in gear and get back from the parliament house. And he put the pull up but you couldn't vote on it. You could see it. It's an oldy but goody and of course we're gonna add like a million names to it. But you couldn't vote on it. I could have called him in home, but I didn't want to go through that. Well, I don't know. In the summer time, especially, you just want to call somebody home and bug him with stuff like this. Would you call? Yeah. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I don't want to hear. Whoa. You know that that sound gets very upset. At any rate, so the pulled and give on the 80th of this morning. So we don't have our usual fancels to number. We haven't got any chance to get a thousand doing the show today. And that's Eric's fault. Nice going, Eric. But the one thing that may save us is that this is in your names to add on there. Today's full about people who died affecting you the most. For example, see I'm doing things a little bit out of order today. That's because I want to get this kick it old style. Because just 2005 and six, because we did the pull last about two, three years ago, probably I would say I would guess to make. Okay. Well, let's see, 2006 already is only June 29. Louis Rukhizer died in John Kent, Godbraith. We're not putting them on there. Casper Weinberg died. Ole Cassini died. Slavio Melosivic died. A boom boom Jeffrey I died. We're not putting any of them. Kirby Puckid. We want to put him on there. Kirby Puckid. Josh. It's up to you. No. Darren McGabon. There's one for George. Ole Chak tonight's stalker. He died for about 25 to the age of 83. He ain't stalking the streets of Chicago. No, no, we're looking for all them supernatural. He'd be GVs. Yeah, that's still bereaved. Now we don't want to put him on it. Dennis Weaver, though, we want to put him on. He was in the cloud and he was also going to great movie called. What was it called? Oh, I know it. When the trucker was chasing him, uh, dual. That's it. Good job. That was his Steven Spielberg movie. Yes, it was. And I think that was his first, uh, known movie. Do I was next? Dennis Weaver, let's get him on there. Don Natside, who kind of reminds me a little of Suds Coleman. Suds is still alive, but you never know from that picture you put on there. Well, he looks really old in there. He looks almost as old as Tony's cigarette was sounds. At least I don't sound old anyway, you know? I am. I'm very old. But I don't sound. Do I do I sound old? No, you don't sound old. Well, that's what. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. What a bastard man. You are brutal. Don Nats. You got it? Got it. Why don't want to go through this whole? I mean, I don't want to kill the first half hour of the show. We just put more names on the pool. We haven't even got to your pull results from yesterday. And you did work yesterday, by the way. I did. By the way, anybody know where to record? Stratford is. We have a lot of sales roll at QAM. I just want Steve Wolfe to know that I'm on top of the situation. Getting your spot on here because first record is like, uh, a wall. He is nowhere to be found. He's not answering his cell phone. He's not in a building. Maybe he's like out there with Fapboy looking for a new job. You think? Don Nats. What about Kurt Gaudy? Who great sports cancer? He got in February 28th, 86. Kurt Gaudy. Come on. Even you know who Kurt Gaudy was? Who put him on there. That's somebody of Josh probably knows how to spell. Let's see you R.T. Peter eventually died. He was in the author of Jaws. Don't put him on there though. No way. He nobody cares about Peter. Benchley, are you crazy? What about Betty for Dan? I mean, she was a great defendantist. No, don't put her on. Al Lewis, let's put Al Lewis on there for all of your Howard Stern people. And all the, uh, monster people. That was grandpa. Yes, it was. He had a wife. You know, did he? I didn't know him. Al Lewis. Well, it was for show. Kurt Scott King would let him put here on there for the dark folks. What? Are you sure? Kurt Scott King. She died in February 31st. She was 78. Al Lewis done February 3rd, 82. Boy, February was a bad month for dying famous people. Chris Penn. I don't remember if we even talked about that. Was he Sean Penn's younger brother? That's right. He was known in reservoir dogs, which sure you keep telling me. Don't watch it. Don't buy it. Don't see it. I can't even wait for the edge of 40. What's the better drug thing? You think he was only 40? I think it was. Oh, Tony Francis, he was in the name of the game. The series. He was a very, very fay actor. I don't know. He died in January 19th of the age of 77. I didn't ever like him. He was very, uh, feminine. I'm not saying he was like, uh, gay, bad. You know who that was? Tony Francis. Shelly winners. Let's put her on there. Are you out of your mind? He's got this. Yeah, I got it. Shelly winners. Are we miss her, right? Oh, come on. Just because she was fat. Is that what you're going to start in now? No, because she was old. And she was in those old movie. She was not in the movie. She was in the movie. She was in the movie. She was in the one good movie. I can't think of what it was. She was inside the venture. No, and she wasn't very good in that. L'Urals. They did. The idea where 672. I'm just leaving us open for you to consider. Now those are just the 2006 ones. Wait till we get to 2005. But let's be for that. Let's, oh, we got some trends. We got two, three. I'm really, really bored. It's done. No, no, we're not going to do that yet. I'm holding that. That's the piece of resistance band. I'm holding that in the bands. And they really suck. By the way, I have a bulletin for the people of South Florida. Sports Talk radio in South Florida is officially dead. Done. Finished. Done. She died. By done. Yeah. Thursday June 29. I was in the county, right at on your wrist like a momentum. Well speaking of movies and momentum and all of that. I got one of these people calling for now. W 2 a n. Hello. What had names? Oh, is that it? We're not doing that yet. Q a m. A. S. S. S. I'm somebody strangled them just before it could like, blurred it out. I'll be damned. I wonder what this was. Q a m. greeting line. Hello. Okay. Like I said, I, that's not maybe it was like a real column. Maybe it was something we didn't know about. Anyway, I'm going to give you an alert right now. I'm moving that you want to be desperately assured of miss. And that's jury. That's with the G. G. E. R. R. Y. Is a matter of fact, I think the Y. W. If the most important, but of course it's Gus Banset is the director. Which would tell you a lot. It does. For some of the articles. And if you go to IMDB and read the reviews, you know, that most of the people that are doing the reviews are gay. They're just all got the house because Matt Dylan was in there. I mean, Matt Damon. Matt Damon and what's his name? What's his name? Casey Affleck. Because I guess Ben was busy that day. So they brought Casey on that and anybody could have done that role. And because all they did is like, tried to get lost in the desert. These two good buddies. And they're just trudging along and walking and walking and walking and trudging and walking. Wow. What are we going to do? Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. You're in. They're walking. Well, and then finally, in the end, Matt Damon, like falls on top of his body there. Which I guess in the first time. And he suffocates. And we can't like him. And he's like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like, I'm not going to be like what about our lot of stuff, you got to take me, I just want to come up, we will go home. He's just like, I know a lot of stuff just for me. Of course, I'm only going to step around, oh my back is a lot of things. So, if you see this meal you're not going to need a flight or something, well, it's anything you've just got to do with some good food.obody doesn't mean anything to the diet. But the rest of your work is doing the food that's delicious解ch. anywhere. Go to a diner and get a meal. I'm talking about the melting pot. It is sensational. If you haven't been there in a while, go back take the whole gang, brighten up your summer. This is a full four-course dining experience that starts out with a renowned cheese fondue, and they serve a two-year with three different kinds of breads, with brandysmith apples and crisp veggies. You dip them in your dunk them in your lovin. Next comes your choice of lively salads. Your enthrasing include a combination of lobster, filet, menion, shrimp, casings, and sea of casings seasoned chicken, pork duck, pork, pork, and pork, and pork, and pork, and pork, and pork. And don't forget of course, the melting pot's homemade dipping sauces. That's what it's the key, that's what it's all about. We make the fondue delicious and the experience is fun too. Here's the clincher. Top it off with a famous chocolate fondue desserts with fresh strawberries, but in his pineapple, cheesecake, brownies, and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos, a grain crackers, whichever you like for dipping. Dip them, dunk them in put a big smile on your face, and your blood sugar. They'll go up to at least 4,000. Only at the melting pot. Stop by real soon and tumble it over the kneel. Since your bio-finding pineapple for a lot of real, Campbell, Booker, Retone, Cooper City, Carl Sprins, and of course, most prestigious North Miami Beach. This is New Rogers. This is 516. No, we'll ride you, darling. You can ride the Gweepock. The wet day drives us up a resting for rotating Gweamp staff. Are you a sport hall? How would you like to join a Quacksel Stee? It is your chance to un-cash and enhance your gase-cash in 4 men. By selling airtime for popular weighty or personalities, like big old and gougy. Yes, imagine how easy it can be to sell sports in your face all the time. That's what we have at WQIM, the way this is entertaining and look for the format. At least means, somebody out of the hell is still. So come join our class. WQIM wants to cross-west you and go a life that is which with dreams are snuggling to sweaty men. So don't get left in the shower. Fold down your pants right now. 1017 at 560, WQIM. Yes, we got a 2 o'clock. We got Evan Cohen on to the Anna weekday, like right there in the middle of the week. We rolled him out between 2 and 4, Evan Cohen. And it's further Marty. Then we got Curtis Stevenson for the 7-0 mad dog today. What's his story? He's just taking a day off today. Good night, Scott. And baby. Then we got Lee Feldman. I guess that's Glee. Is what you're telling me? The play here. Glee Feldman and Craig Mish. The old Mishmosh between 7 and 10. And any case from showgirls doing a show with 10 o'clock tonight. That's our bizarre line up for you. The world's leading industrialized democracies today called on a random respond next week to a UN proposal concerning its nuclear program. They give them a deadline of July 5th. It was my mother's birthday. See that? Have you had killer? Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmad Ababa, my brother of name, is Ahmad Inajah. See it's not really that hard. That's why I just said, Ahmad Inajah. You are? Said he didn't plan to we know you are. Said he didn't plan to respond to the UN proposals along with 22th. But to five permanent UN security council members in Germany, our pressing tear round to respond before the G8 summit that starts July 15. We are disappointed in the absence of an official Iranian response to this positive proposal. So to statement from G8 for a minister's quoted by the AP was speculated clear and substantive Iranian response to these proposals that age July 5th meeting between European Union and Foreign Minister and Iran's nuclear negotiator otherwise but a thing. It's like that. So it works. That's a real act of like book or anything like that. But the thing you put in a brand's all over the United States. That's what you're doing. You don't like Iran with like all kinds of negotiation and have like, are you about the shape of the table and but if you give them a deadline, that's it. July 5th. If you don't get with it, get Ziggy with it. The thing you put in a brand's all over the United States. That's what you're doing. That's my dinner, John. And then I didn't do dinner. Okay, somebody said Freddie Mercury for the pool. I would certainly go along with that. We got it. We got it. You got Johnny Carson here. Johnny. We got it. See a lot of these people died after we originally did this poll the first time which is good. And not good that they died necessarily but you see what I'm saying? Because it gives us a whole bunch of other good people because that just keeps going on and on my God. Every time we turn around somebody's saying, I'm dying on the here. Which website you visit most often that was our full question yesterday. By the way, don't forget to go to our myspace. Myspace.com forward slash Neil God and I E.L. Right? And I E.L. What do I say? And I E.L. That didn't save that. Okay. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear it. It didn't. Anyway, well listen, I got a heavy schedule. I got a lot of pressure. I got to come back again next through the videos. Yeah. Now listen, you can click right under our thing. And where Hogwarts is a hole. I think it's appropriate. That's myspace.com and it takes you right to that thing. There's some really nifty pictures. Amazing how many females we got on there. When you look at these ratings, yeah, always the same. We don't have any women. They just haven't got to come. Although, we have no women. But for some amazing reason every 10 we want like people to send in pictures we're like participating one of these deals. There's a bunch of women on there. There's some of these shocking. Nice. So for you guys and there's some of you guys for me. I mean, there's something for everyone. There's a little something for everybody. There might be some human people on there, eventually. So just keep popping on it. And if you send anything sub-roser on there, there won't be any chat room. I guarantee that. No. Looking, we don't want any part of it. It's all your desperate people who would like to just go adjust open a window and yell it out. I have no line. We all know it anyway, but just go ahead. Tell some good time for you. Which website do you visit most often? We had a thousand, seventeen votes on your full from yours. Do they see you got a thousand votes all of not during the show? But maybe it was during the show. No. No. No. No. No. No. No, I wasn't till eight thirty because that's when Eric finally put this other poll up there. I switched and I thought, okay, let's see. And I clicked on there and I tried to vote. And I thought, boy, Eric, screw this deal up. Man, I got up this morning. I came in here and I clicked and tried to vote. And I thought, Eric, you still screwed up. You fact tub. And then you've got him on the stick. Which website do you visit most often? And of course, you flew away. Like a broom. 20. I think it's 20. I think it's 20. I think it's 20. 25. Come. 2559. By far. Look at that. Aren't we proud of that? If just the rest of the world knew about that website, we'd have a made. I still think we would have a good idea and you talked me out of it. I would have been just one bad day at Woodbind. I could have spent three or four grand bought it like a quarter pageant in USA today and just promoting our website. Yeah. Can you imagine the hits we could have gone on there? Eric might have made it up might have gone by another salami sandwich. Right? Yeah, I would have been something. We could have people listening to this show like outside the time because if you look at these trans men, it's not even worth it. It's not worth cranking up the trans men anymore if you believe these numbers. And you guys across the street shut it off, man. Remember that song by the beach boys shut it down? Yeah. Shut it down. I should have be the theme song across the street for the 7 after the ticket. Shut it down. Just save the juice. New Rogers.com 359 porn sites 157 porn sites. Oh my god. I think that number's probably a little bit low. My Yahoo 121 news sites 113. It's because we got the intellectuals and the student intellectuals out there who really enjoyed it will be jury directed by Gus Van Sam. Don't waste your time with that piece of turd. And don't try to tell me that I didn't understand it or I missed something or watched it again. No. That is just so ponderous. My god. And remember the scene in last days, they are co-bainting. Yeah. Or they're shown in front of the house and the scene. It's intrametable. It seems like it goes on forever. That's right. Well, that's what that's the thing with Matt Damon and Casey Affleck walk into the desert. They're just walking and walking and trudging. And he heard the sounds of this stuff. And it's interesting. I never heard that Sam made so much noise when he called it on it. Yeah. And it just goes on and on. You think, you know, sooner or later, they're going to collapse or I'm going to collapse or something's going to happen and it's just, it's just tragic. Anyway, new sites 113. Thank god for the intellectuals out there. People are really give a crap. eBay 44. I hate this bowl 43. Meetup.com 35. What about what up.com. Come and see my space.com 34. Topmail 28. Oh, come on only 28. That's it. Why is that? Because there's so many other alternatives. Google mail 25. Oh, don't be doing a Google mail. Can you tell me Google is the anti-Christ? No, Google is good. Just the toolbar is bad. That's correct. There's nothing wrong with a Google toolbar. I like it. I use it. It's the best one. Sure, it's how beats the Alexa toolbar. Wikipedia 13. You know, I'm going to take just something right now. They're really bust my balls in my ass. Do you know that I'm not listed in Wikipedia? You're not the person that ever did a talk show on radio. This again goes to the tremendous publicity machine. I've got behind me between 2 AM and normal kid. I'm not even out of Wikipedia. Everybody, I wouldn't be surprised if Lee, if Lee Feldman is on there. I'm Wikipedia. Not new Rogers. Go look it up. No such listening. I'll take your word for it. But it's a, you know, it's a work in progress with a media. So yeah, well, give me on there. Okay. Say, I'm happy stuff. Google mail 25 YouTube.com. That's you. You. You. .com 17 Wikipedia 13. I don't use the internet 12. Well, how? Yamama. Amazon 9. Comedy Central.com 3. By the way, let me take about that daily show. I better not. Facebook.com 2. 2 AM.com. So let me take dose. All my God. An MTV dot com with our crowd. Oh, none. Why did you even bother putting that on there? You think our crowd is watching MTV? No, we were just going over some names Josh through that out there. I know it's, you know, supposed to be very popular, but I guess not. It's very popular now with this crowd. We don't have any, the young punk center like 10 year olds watching. Listening. Google in, Dylan. Well, I may be Dylan, but they're sure not, with our website. So MTV dot com's got the big. I didn't like that. We got Evan Cool. To this afternoon, I might actually come in here and listen. I've never heard him before. I might sit here and listen for a while. You think? Do you know that? No. No. Floney. Come on. Come on. Give me a little bit of slack Roberta. Give a little slack. You are just, you're relentless in a heartless. You're just a cold hearted bastard. Just like me. We got 300 one votes on the pool. We got a shot at what? 400 today? This is so deflated. Usually when a show starts, we got like five, six hundred. We got a real good head start on a way to a thousand. And then because Eric was busy eating the Vino's last night or whatever he's eaten, we got nothing. So we started from scratch. We're scratching it. So I feel kind of like you today, you know, because you usually say you start to pull like into the show like right before the show starts you. Yeah. Well, I don't do that. I always have it set up to the afternoon before. I'll get a head start. But Eric just screwed us up bad. What which public figures death affected you the most? We got only 300 one votes for writing a plutter of names. JFK 93 got my vote and he's winning hands down. John Lennon 39. They were in heart 20. I'm sorry. I just, I don't understand. He won the first time we did this few years ago. He won a by a mile. They were in heart. Maybe you just croaked. Feel heart in 23. Bob weaver 21 who just died. Princess Diana 13. Kirk Cobain all of those last days were brutal. 12. John Lushie 11. Bobby Kennedy 11. JFK Junior 8. Y. Jerry Garcia 7. Y. Martin Luther King 7. Jim Morrison 4. Jim Hansen 4. Perry, Perry, for Elvis 4. Charles Schultz 3. Donnances got a pair already. Lucy Lucy. Lucy is got to. Freddie Mercury's got one. Buffalo Bob Smith had one. He couldn't find it. Real Monroe one. Frank Sinatra won John Wayne one for the Duke. None for Johnny Carson Chully, when his court is talking, Alice, Grandpa, Kurt Gaudy, Dennis Weaver, Michael Landon, Joe De Manjillo, Rock Hudson or Jackie Kennedy. Oh, nice. That's just a start. You know the first time we did it, Paul we had 2,028 votes. Must have been a week in pull. Yeah. We'll be lucky to get like 600 now. Thanks to Eric really letting us down. I go on Eric, you ruined my whole week. Do you believe that? Nope. I just want him to feel bad. I wonder if Alfred and Bob Frank and I are the same person 28 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM. If you love the finer things in life, then you will love Stogeys. Miami's quintessential cigar shot in Kendall. With soft lotus large selection cigar, Stogeys of Kendall is sure to have all your favorites. Stogeys got over a thousand open boxes of cigar's to choose from including Arturo Fuente, Padro and Monique Christopher Romeo and Juliette and lots more. Including a large selection of premium cigars at unbeatable close-up prices too, as well as obscure and hard to find brands. So come into Stogeys today and draw a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world. And be sure to join Stogeys every Friday evening for their wine tasting from 5 to late in the PM featuring some of the most delicious burdo's at France and Stogeys offer. You'll find Stogeys at 116-12 North Kendall Drive they're open every day of your life seven days a week. Even call to reserve a bus your favorite cigar's at Stogeys. They call them 305-598-9820. When you stop into the shopping currency, they had a merry-one-the-girls stand-ra in Yani. And if you just mentioned their name because their egos are so gigantic, you'll get a free cigar that they just for acknowledging that they exist. Call and reserve a bus your favorite at Stogeys 305-598-9820. The following announcement cannot be reproduced to a re-broadcast without the express written permission of the National Football League. And now, and then, Radlip... And I'll wear a helmet on the playing field to pull 100 pound line back here. But when I'm riding the 800 pound motorcycle, put in that and milder, I don't need a helmet. Because I'm fan, I like putting. I'll ride. 27-4-11-5-60 WQM-VUS Supreme Court today ruled that the Bush administration did not have a legal authority to go forward with military tribunals for detainees at the Gitwell Military Basin Cuba. The five or three world-reemines officials will either have to come with new procedures or prosecuted at least ten so-called enemy combatants awaiting trial or release them from the US military custody. The case was a major test. A President Bush's authority is commander-in-chief of a wartime setting. Bush is aggressively asserted the part of government and, of course, being the dictator that he thinks that he is to capture detainant prosecutes, suspected terrorist in the wake of the 9-11 attacks. Are you like that? Radlip, new is for your president, baby. I thought it was going to be something like the spying program or something that actually affected us. Oh. Don't be put in that stuff, how do you're going to be next right after New York Times? They're going to come and put you out of business. Some of them, and they showed a clip the other day of Bush himself in the late 2001 after 9-11 announcing about the, uh, forget about the spying. We're talking about the, um, the banking records. He already announced that. This was not any big secret that was, uh, the New York Times at a Wall Street Journal or the LA Times. This was no secret this program. Everybody knew about it. He announced it right. They showed the clip. Uh, and of course, right. The fact that the Saudis didn't want to cooperate and released a banking records. And it's because it was a Saudi operation in the first place. That was one who were funny. Most of the terrorism in the world. Anywhere. Good buddy. Fanned our Bush and the got someish boh. But nevertheless, what do you say? I'm saying, let's get back to these dead people. Got a lot of people to add that. Just 2005. You know, it's interesting the way they put it on here online. It says famous or not, we all end up dead. Oh, no. Are you sure? Can you recheck that so far? Here are some of the better known people to have passed away. Now this is from 2005. I give you the 2006 list. And then oh, this can go on forever because then it's the bottom. It says celebrity 2004 deaths. This will go until midnight. Let's get rid of all these sports shows, man. What a whole bunch of people. We just need to go home. Richard prior. Oh, I forgot to tell you. We're going to have a fire alarm between 10 30 and 11. Let me close the door. Just started now. Unless you want me to leave it open. Get lost with your fire alarm. Stop. I'm not ready. We show you any of it. God. It's for us to tell you that. Richard prior. You want to put him on there? I would think so already. We get some votes. We already did. Just now. Oh. Eugene McCarthy. Senator of Minnesota presidents of candidate. The anti-Vietnam war guy. He died December 10, 1889. That's old enough. Pat Marita. The karate kid guy. But we want to put Pat Marita on there. He was beloved. Sure. We'll put him on. Especially by what's his name. Ralph Machio. Right. We still listen about 10. Arnold from Happy Days Remember The Rosa Parks. Who did ball? I mean, I have to play that. You're right. Rosa Parks. Now she definitely got to be on there. And speak at a famous dark folks. Nipsy Russell. That's the Russell. The poet-loidy of television. And of course, from, oh, he's on every game. Showed it was every, he was on the ice game. He was on the pyramid of many times. He made the same. Right. With Nip. Go, let's get him on. Nipsy Russell. He died October 2 at the age of baby. Don Adams. Maxwell Smart. Get to her. All right. That's on the seat. Simon Vsantol, the Nazi hunter guy. I got to have one on there for the of our business use. Simon Vsantol. I can't wait to see how Josh spells that. Are you getting these? We're getting them. William H. Renguis. Oh, please, don't put him on. Oh, we're not getting them. Bob Denver, Gilligan. Dad. Dad. Dad. Huh? All right. I got one that's a one of a vote for Peter Jennings. All right. You know, one thing about what's the guy that got on there now on ABC. I can give him some Charles Gibson. Okay. He moves his head around to him. I mean, he moves when he speaks. You know, if you're, it makes you nervous to watch that. I still watch Brian Williams even when that's funny mouth. That is that is Bill O'Reilly though. Nobody Bob. I don't watch Bill O'Reilly. I don't watch. He's he's programmed out of my TV. But anyway, oh, and the Keith Obama and Rift him and ask again, good last night. Nice going. Please, you demand. I have, I'll keep all day on MSNBC. That's the format. What was I just saying before Peter, Charles Gibson, he moves his head around all the time. He speaks. It just makes you nervous as hell. It's one thing to be a talking head. It's nothing to be a moving head. So Peter Jennings. Let's see, who else Luther Vandross? Do you want to put him on there? Yeah, sure, whatever. I mean, I'm scared. And bangcroft. Okay. How could we ever forget the wonderful and bangcroft? Once upon a time said, Do you want to eat the only? At the Albert Green, A.C. He's there at a time. What do you say? Whatever. Frank Gorson. The river. He was the river and then he was the diddler. And Batman. He would buy May 17th, he was 72 Frank Gorson. He was good. That's he was. He was, in fact, he would, we like Frank Gorson, unlike Jim Carrey, who pretends to be Frank Gorson. Right. You know what I mean by that? Jim Carrey is kind of like, that's a good pull. I know we've done it before, but people who were not there welcome. Like Steve Martin. Tom. And Robert Williams, Tom Hanks. Uh, the, uh, the, all of these Jim Carrey. He, where I was walking along time. I had a freaking sandler. Oh my god. Well, he was. Well, he was welcome before. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. John Mills. And Ryan's daughter. I don't know who that is. Uh, Prince Rainier. I mean, I'm just reading names. Don't put these on there. Oh, how about pull, pull John Paul the tooth for Christ's sake? I mean, huh? Yeah. Put John Paul the tooth. Well, we're going to have one for the Getskies out there. Here is died. The slob on the slab. And they slept them all around Rome. There would have nice little, uh, uh, tiny feet that he had. Yeah. The little. So you're, when it's always checking out the feet, uh, this, this new Pope would have read slippers. I really wonder about him. He's got those real designer red shoes. Johnny Cochran. That's right. Right. Our hero. This known for his work on the O.J. defense, died March 29th, the age of 67. John Delorean, don't put him on there. A San Bernardini. She was Gidget. Remember Gidget? Mm-hmm. San Bernardini. Pond arrest Thompson. Hey, Hunter. Don't, uh, come on. Put that thing down, Hunter. You want to put him on there? We won't. I'm just throwing these out there. And then you can put it on or not, depending on whether Josh can spell them or it on. You can like, it's so fast. I can't. Well, that's why I'm taking my time here. Arthur Miller, he wasn't married to Marilyn Monroe. He was extremely ugly. I don't want to put him on her. Um, uh, O.C. Max Schmelling. Well, I'm Schmelling right now. I don't smell too good either. The box. Yeah. Now, don't put him on her. Uh, Johnny Carson, we just put on. And surely Chism, the first black woman in Congress died January 1st last year, age 80. I don't think he's going to know how to spell that. 2004. Ha ha ha ha ha. Christopher Reeve. Come on. Don't you want to put him on there? Sure, but not. Especially. Now that we're coming out. It's out. Yes, I'm a fart. I don't think anybody wants to vote from Alex. No, I see Arthur Haley. Alex, hey, we got a long time ago. Arthur Haley, oh, best known for airport. Don't put him on her. Susan Santeg. Jerry Orbach. Are they sure? There's a one of them in real fast. Just Howard Keele. He killed over. Ken Camino. Josh. No. Yeah. No, don't put him on. Ryanney Dangerfield. He's got to go on there. Oh, don't tell me Janet Lee died. He died in four October 3rd. She was 77 in psychos. She was in the shower scene. Janet Lee. She's not to the base motel. Uh, well, I mean, there's a long list of people in my gut. It was a bit of a cooler Ross who wrote about Beth and dying. And then guess what she did. She died. Right. I mean, do you die? Oh, we got to get Judy on there. No. Rick James. It's super freak. Isabel Sanford died? Oh, no. Oh, I didn't even know that. She died July 9, 2004. She was 86. Too much dying going on. Isabel Sanford. Now, let's see. Oh, I guess we'll start since this first pull. This one's going to go zooming up there toward the top as far as he was. Let me give you a clue. Okay, can I give you an audio clue? You're gonna talk a minute. Yeah, I'm gonna talk a minute. Marlon Brando. That's right. What do you mean that's right? He was not a per guy. He was out of sight. Now, in mind, he hadn't made any movies and a hundred years. Yeah, not a year. That was, you remember the big, Simis, when Marlon and the bit to dust come on. Ray Charles, right? Ronnie Reagan. Oh, there's some Tony Randall. Junter from the Junter, Dancer. Don't put her on her. Alan King. Got Alan King? We got it. Alistair Cook. Don't put him on her. Peter Houston, I'll tell you. Jan Barry from Jan and Dean. I know we're past the break, but I'm getting so whipped up about this. There's so many dead people, you know. It doesn't seem like let's just put every dead person who ever died. Bob Teechen, can't can't can't go rude died. Oh yeah. Got him? We got him. Marge shot and believe me, she should have been. No, don't put her on. Marge shot. What a bigoted piece of Mercedes McAmbridge. No one for such films as Touch of Evil and the Exorcist. She did the, she would always confuse her with somebody else, but she's the one to be a Voices. Ignis Morhead is for you, Confuser. What? Oh, well, some Mercedes McAmbridge. Get all those. Got my little son, I got a soda, son, whatever she said, yeah. That was Mercedes. So, full of everyone's on you on, but as a, see, a growing list. What I'm figuring is if we, um, because we had a late start on the pool, and we get a thousand names on there and the East get one photo, and we get to a thousand by two. 1043 at 560WQM, if you're a cigar smoker, if you like toughen on a big fat one, every now and then, and you like to kick back with a good premium brand. And the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is absolutely positively. Absolutely. For you, he's hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, processed in AIDS, dubbed 10 years. But he has a real boutique cigar maker, and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold, a flagship line gets to 91 rating by cigar fishing nuttoes, cigar insider, and 9.1 by schmoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full-body nickel rod when cigars got earthy hits the dark roast coffee, chocolate, spiced in pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try and there, but he had the sale. It's the hottest release cigar in the last ten months, and it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider. And the sale is a big powerful cigar that will tear your kishpisa. It's got complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-body with additional spice and a note of charred wood. Sounds almost like a piece of furniture, so complicated. If you want to get 40% off the price of all your beehives to cigars, when you call this toll free number, mention the old rager. Don't be a shan, step right up there. Maison O'Neill, that give you 40% off on your beehives to cigars. 1-800-35, the heared, that's an number to call. 1-800-35, B-A-H-I-A. This is Neil Roger, a solid myth is 560-2-8-A. And now it's time for a longest investigation. It's from Hank or Bug, and he writes, please play the air that I breathe, and dedicate it to my Kim Bass and your blow up doll. Oh, that was funny. 1-800-35, B-A-H-I-A. This is college football, it's soccer in the states, 11 long air foreigners who call each other, make girls come. I don't understand it. There's what's up. It's a legal issue, hand it to the air, they run it into gold, and now the states are going to world cups. World cups are really skinny. Their shirts are very small. All they do is run around and kick us after them all. World cups. There's a lot of boards ahead of what's up. I find it can be a sense of training, every day on TV, World cups. World cup is crappy if they had the privilege to build the finals score on doubt, and they would be like 10 minutes. World cup. I don't understand it. There was a... It's a legal issue, hand it to the air, they run it into a World cup. World cup. I just don't get it. I'd rather watch paint dry, but don't you dare say that if you're missing a pair of guise. World cups. There needs a highest record. There's a record. Two bands in like back up. Starting in the clubs for revosing battles, two win shots in the club. It's a full service battle. World cup. Look at the freaking pop don't have any votes, that's bad. We've been on a long, long, long, long, long, long. We've been back to the rock and a rock hell. We've been back to the rock and a rock hell. Well, that's just an honor of Wisi Dine. I even know she died, did you? Yeah, we talked about it. We talked about Wisi Dine. Yes, we did. All of a sudden, Esther Roll, when she died, could we play TV? I don't know why you hate that theme, so I hate that theme, so why? I hate it. What's wrong with it? It's what's right with it. Josh, do you think it's a bad theme? It's okay. Wait, what do you mean by that? What is it? Tim Ketter, a racial or that? I mean, it works. Oh, it was a bad show. I'll grant you that. The show sucked. But I think it's a pretty good theme. It's pretty small, man. Good song. Good song. Good song. Good song. Good song. Good song. Good song. Good song. I mean, I will grant you, it sure is so wasn't the one. Very glad we wasn't that. Right? But what was, you know, or the Jefferson's? That was a good theme. That was a great theme. That was song, if you want to say. Let's see, Luis says Luis sends this in a Marine and a one time see this got a big black lines for the middle of the Sparksway. You're having issues on that insight. I came through that way. I already know this. This is all of those. Thanks, Luis. So God was in Fair Night 9, 11. It was one of the recruiters. They're in Flint. Remember those two guys going through the park and lot and they were like, Well, the guy died in Iraq. He got to oft. It was only 30 years old. He was only, it was only like 38 days or 36 days before his duty was up. And he's died. But we haven't actually seen it. It's the old news. So there we go. How many, you want some more a thousand more dead names? Oh, God. Yeah. Sure. Well, no, if we give a thousand names on there, we can get like 800 votes. We got 300 and something odd votes already. 370, 5, 6. But you think we got no shot at that thousand? Oh, it's possible. But no, it is not. It's not impossible. It's not impossible. Nice going, Eric. You ruined my day, man. Only work one day in two weeks or like whatever it is. Two days, two and a half days. And he ruins it. He spiraled it. 370, 6 votes. I'm going to put this in any. Does he have it? No, none. Look at all the people with no votes. See, we put all these extra names on there. So you people would vote. Although now, I think it's a good time to go to these arbor trends. And then we'll find out why we don't have as many votes as we should. This way, you got to know what he was going to listen. Although we're doing great compared to the rest of the station. We are doing awesome. We're just to kick an ass. Big fat, smelly nasty, pimply ass. Jan Barry doesn't have any votes. Now, but to you, I know you got it there because you sent me that little lady from past Adina and surf city. Do you know what I'm going to say? I'm looking for your sugar and the slow. It's the leader of the lady from Pilea. See, even though we're all far over here, it's fast and you only work in the process of the program. Well, come on. Let's get that Jan and Dean going on our Jan Barry. Poor Jan. It was really nasty after the set crash. Did you ever see that Adina, we discussed that because the son of Bob was here I love that channel. Do you ever see the Avalon Hymn on Jan and Dean? No. Oh man, talk about sad. They're kind of like looking around. Only a lot of them are looking for Brian Wilson here. There's no law in the story. Oh, I mean, I have. But one thing one right. Oh, one thing on the right. See, what you understand is during the 50s especially. Oh, it's Ted Man's curve. I like to have 30 50s. There were a lot of songs like Noris, where you're Marista, where you're in the Zodiacs and staying. Yeah. It was like a big one 40. Good talk up, by the way. Very nice. A 20 Randall Raid Charles, Marlon Brando, is anybody else? Why are you people doing out there besides each other or your cells? What are you doing? No, we don't hear that. That's not a heart and soul. Yes, very good. No. I don't know. I'm not a team, Mr. Deadman's curve. One more. What's all this has? You got to be able to relate. A lot of gay guys like to do this. I can't say anybody. No, not anymore. No. My wouldie graper. But it's a drag. No, it's a drag city. I thought that was my, oh, that was a beach voice on my wouldie graper. Oh, drag city, yeah. They're dragging it. So I don't think we're going to be in post for a long time. They're dragging it. So I don't think we're going to be in post for all the rest of these people on there. That's very bad. It's important. What are you going to do? You're going to be in the zone. How long is it? 139. Ah, I was only a second off. 139. I said 140. Pretty damn good. I thought it was a lot of time to walk to the bathroom. Much less writing. That's fast. I don't know. It's a pretty shorty. I'm walking with pretty shorting this. I'm going to show you. When with the will call. Okay. That's enough. Okay. Let's hear some news. Hey Mar ciekester. I mentioned what I Sójaware used for this activity. Well, everyone can watch this. The especially successful movies. The man moving. What did they say about the kid again? The thing that did he guarantee you was not able to do the Oscar. It was for him. 149. Okay. 179. I have the Katrina and he's doing okay. But he didn't send me all the fans down on us stuff. If it's in here, you got it there. No, I don't. It's in the oldies folder. Well, what do you mean by that? Just look again, that this, the last one that I got, there's a big oldies folder in there and it's all in there. You know, I'm really, I'm really a torn because I'm wondering, maybe somebody in the audience would know, when you sure don't know because you were asking me, like about the docking station, right? Because I told you I got the logic to take one and it's pretty good. It was just not the how it sounds. No, it sounds pretty good. But what I'm asking is if you really spend a lot of money and got like a real heavy duty expensive one, would it, in other words, with a music quality, that better or is there like a limitation on the quality of the music because it's in the iPod? No, I'm saying no, because that's just data, that doesn't matter where it's reading it from. It's all matter of the, so in other words, if I wanted to spend a lot of money and give me like a real fancy, fancy docking station, I can make that seem similar to concert hall. Well, I just want to do that, you know? Because this is okay, like for the bedroom would be good, you know? Okay, like for you and your girlfriend, I mean, you're a, you're for your new wife, whoever. A bit, a bite too. Yeah, that would be good. One for her bedroom, one where you're hanging it up. 10, 56, at 5, 60, WQA, I'm on a fantastic Thursday, man. I'm not really going to take an awful lot of calls this summer. I kind of made up my mind, we're going to last for a stretch after that. First of all, for where we had the G. I'm going to leave the colors to you on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And Tuesday and Thursday, at least I know that I'm working with them, and not on the next Tuesday because it's important that you ask. Good, I know those days that I'm working. Not as good at leave them all, pent up and frustrated for when I'm on. No, okay, I'm going to keep you away and hello. For a minute. Yes, sir. Not to be argumentative, but isn't Jen, Jen, Barry's talk show host? I'm from like the 70s. Jen, Barry was from Jen and Dean. I'm going to be straight. Yeah, I'm from Totho. All right. No, that is correct that he's from Jen and Dean. Now to talk to you all. Really? Most of them. Who knows, who knows, Dan Barry the talk for one of the games shows there. No, no, that's Jack Barry. Jack Barry, you're right. From 21. Okay, get out of here. Oh, my God. 1057. That was very, yeah, you better start learning your Barry's Mr. Where's my blackberry? By the way, I don't want to go through that thing. I lost it in that, oh, but that's skip a little report. Anybody found my blackberry? What's service for my cable people? Well, you'll have it in 10 to 12 business days. It's very nice. It's only rotten hell. They better change your last name, too. Hey, while supplies last, you can save hundreds of dollars off a silly posture pedic striker. Ultraplush, euro, pillow top, only from dollar mattress. For a limited time, take 400 bucks off a queen set. You paid just 699 bucks. Take 550 off a king set. Similar savings waiting for and all sizes. Now, this isn't some cheap old mattress that others should have for more than a ride to say luxury. Sealy posture. You can complete with memory foam and a premium quad unit. Perfect for a master bedroom and a master. This is a special limited time offer won't last long. Call 1-800 mattress right now 1-800-MATT-T-R-S and find out more about the striker mattress, but I'll just like Jeff Stryker, from Sealy or ask about clearance pricing and other Sealy posture pedics. Call 1-800 mattress, ask about their 12 month financing plan, too. The smartest, the best piece of shopping you could ever do have in using them for years. And I guarantee that they'll never let you down. That's why dollar mattress directs number one of the world in overall customer satisfaction. The delivery deal is unbelievable as a matchable and the prices are the best in town. So call 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. We've got the list asked because it stands for S.C.L.W.F.S. I was thinking about Fentboy. The last asked because it stands for Stupendus Savings. This is a new Roger. This is 5.16. Second hand will say, up to smart. That might give me money. Like dumb, a smart, and I want to think. In the industry of overly caffeinated energy great ceremony competitor, Fritz Volk, far-hort and far-trick, so-goer, rock-stop. And through the genus of marketing, we now have many energy for instance, after the hottest and latest trend, perhaps you heard of Kavala. Maybe you've seen Buddha skipping right past the obvious Christ when you're feeling tired. Get resurrected! Now we're talking to the energy. The Christ is reducing radical Islamic terrorist energy drink. Strap this sucker on in the morning for an explosion of energy. Keep pass your bike, try some of the new radical Islamic terrorist. Hmm, it tastes like I'll cut it and the Taliban. I'll wrap it in a one. So you like it! What's not to like about the feeling of Sodom in the can. New radical Islamic terrorist energy drink. It's the Shiite. It's a little bit too. A 5.60 WQAM. So anyway, we didn't put Carol Connor on there. See, we did it all the way. All you're reading about that. That's so freaking fat. Oh, I know where he's at. I never went to his name. I'm just saying that's our screw. Our bad. We never put a money. We bad. No, we'll never get that thousand votes. We got 400 in some odd. Let's see. Oh, you lost. We didn't put on Jack PAR. PA. Two ways. PA. Got a trifle. One. Runs with part. Okay, 2003. Oh boy. Why? Okay, here's what we got so far. Which public figures does affect you the most? We're sad. JFK, 1202. We got my vote. John Lennon 52. Dale Earnhardt 32. You know, Dale Earnhardt. How about the first time we did this for a few years ago. He won by Zidgin vote. So he must be just a crashed. And he won the race. Right. And we did not want to. Bill Hartman 31. Bob Lee were 24. We were the winner man. Great guy. Pricis Diana 17. Come on. You think there's a guy out there voted for Diana all the women. I guess voted for Princess. Dye. All 17. John Bolushi 14, Kurt Cobain 12, Kurt. Don't do a baby. Let Michael Pitchell himself. And you stay alive. Here we go. C11. Bobby Kennedy 11. JFK Junior 10. I don't. I'm sorry. I don't get it. Did you get that? No. What was the biggest smis was ham except for that horrible magazine? George. Yeah. Elvis Presley, seven Martin Luther King, seven Freddie Mercury, six. Jim Morrison five. How come Jim Morrison's only got five? Because like legendary, Johnny Carson's making a move Johnny's got four. Lucille Ball four. Jim Henson four. Why did Jim Henson have any votes? Who gives a crap about the muppets? Come on down. Everyone is raised by Sesame Street. Not me. What a grumpy old fart. Yeah, that's me. That's just the muppets, but he made a lot of great movies. Do the good guy. One opest. He gets my vote. All right. Hey, that's not what the pants are ready. When the hell those are baseball suits of me get anyway. Harry Carried four. Charles Schultz three, Bob Keaton, Captain Kanga Wu had two. He's such a high-rest Thompson, too. He looks like a good person now. If you Russell do, Donald's two, Frank's a man for two John Wayne to do, head only a pair. Although he had 40 pounds of something in his colon, at his death, Ronald Reagan won. Ray Charles won. Rick James won. Christopher Reeve won. It was Superman and Van Croft won. Peter Jennings won Buffalo Bob Smith. Hey, kids, what time is it? What if that's on his disk? I doubt it. No. I'm not going to do it. Rock Hudson won. Merlemon row one. And then none for Jan Barry. That kind of called about Jack Barry. You know, you're, sir. I understand that you're old and dobering, but I mean even in a little fart like me, knows the difference between Jack Barry and Jan Barry and Halley Barry and Barry. Oh, you didn't see that will be all fall down with Barry Barry? No. With what's his name? What is his name? The Warren Beatty. What's his name? No votes were Alan King Tony, Randall Marlin. See, they're, they're can't be any audience out there at all. They all get to be busy. They're on vacation. They're at the beach. They're doing something each other. Because if Marlin branded his 70 votes, what if they had the Pope, Pope, the John Paul, the tooth, the Slob on the Slab don't have any? I mean, this is very, very disheartening. Bruce said, I mean, even grandpa, I'll do is don't have any. What does respect? Rosa Parks, who did mole for Adam O'Show? Slap. That's why he said, John Cazzella, as I've played with Frado Drupters at the beginning of the hour, John Cazzella, C, A, A, A, A, A, A, Freido from the Godfather. Now, you know, if Marlin branded his 70 votes, how many is Frado going to get right? A couple of... Awakley and he just want to respect that, saw? Or a mile would rather make you, to be served as the Spur. Exactly. Okay, anyway, get back to 2003. And this is the last year I'm doing, because I said a cool, I think. Why? Well, There's nobody on here we want to put on there or a hindman. Who gave him? Who gave him? Alan Bates, Pope Lang, Robert Stanfield David Heming's war and spun. And we know who that was, but don't put him on it. Don't put any of these. Art Carney, we want to get him on there. Okay. How about Jackie Gleason? Okay. Was he a chopped liver or what? It's a good Jackie Gleason on there. Art Carney, Bobby half-field from the righteous brothers. He died in 2003 on November 5th on my birthday. He was 63. Oh, man. Rod Roddy from the person's right, what? I'm the thook tooth that he used to get in a pile. Yeah, I didn't realize so just now when I fired his office, I actually have the name. The honeymoon? Honeymooners theme has the name. That's not the name of the song. What's name is the song? You're my greatest love. I never knew to this moment. Maybe. You were a lot by a fiddle around with your empty free pile there. Rod Roddy, don't put it on there. Man, I'm tank guy, check. Bill, shoot, make her the Jackie. You don't put any of these on her because they will be able to rely on his hand or is that Elia? I just can't call him Elia. I mean, all my life I call him Elia, because I'm nobody cares anyway. He was 94 when he croaked. He was a nasty old coupe, they said. Dolly O'Connor, Robert Palmer, addicted to love. You want to put Robert Palmer on there? Don't. No. The people, the people, the people, do you remember that? Can we say that? Oh, here's one that we left off seeing. He's going to get a lot of votes. Johnny Cage. What do you think? Of course. John Ritter, three companies. John Ritter. He hated him. John Ritter. He was so fay. Edward Teller, the father of the hydrogen bomb. Don't put him on a Charles Brasson needs to be on there. And you know who else needs this? This is one of there will be moisture on the page. And uh, Dr. Scheditier, Bobby Bons, father of Barry Bons. A great, a truly great ball player who didn't do roads. Here's one. Bob, hope. Thanks for it, huh? All right. See, we're getting some really good ones on here. Now, buddy, hack it. Couldn't hack it. Try the atkins and he couldn't hack it. Canter and Hepburn. Oh, there are some fabulous ones. What about you, me Stewart? Bob, what do you say about Bob about Bob? Bob, why not? He won't get five votes for one. Okay, Catherine, I have room to you. Me, Stewart. Leon, you are a Surodexitist. We don't want him on her. Human, Cronan. Cacoon. We don't want him on her. We don't want no Cacoon stuff. Gregory, pack. He needs to be on. Get him on her right away. Gregory, pack and June Carter cash. Still not just mention Dr. Rackens, you did. Dr. Robert Atkins, died by the tree. April 17, he was 72. Soap and fall. Robert's stack. I love Robert's stack. The untouchables. He was the voice on what that was actually. He was on all the time. Unsolve mystery. Unsolve mystery. Don't you love Robert's stack? He was just fine. In fact, don't we have, I'm sure we have an unsolved, uh, get to the. This is Robert's stack. No, that's that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. This thing may call the will of fair. Yeah, that's not a little more like him. That's what I just played. How about it? There was a cold, vile stormy day in Hollywood with one of the biggest mysteries of my illustrious career. And we give Robert's stack and I love him. He was great. Great actor. He's a good guy. Uh, see, Daniel Patrick Moynihan. He won't get any votes. Fred, Fred Rogers, Mr. Rogers better put him on there. Right away. Wait a minute. No, I'm so Mr. East empty. What are the oldest and most? That's the one. Oh, Jackson. Fred Rogers. You got it. We got it. Nice sweater, Fred. I know Carter. Do we want to put on? She was on the give me a brace. She was fat. She was very, she'll be on an an and spigging a very fat and very. What is the big deal about this damn crap man? Oh, no, you know any man who watches the view. I don't know what he will. Bad watch out in housewives watch trailer tragedy watch the data. Mind, I don't even think they do it. I mean, this big deal about what's your name? It's getting a large urge. The star Jones Reynolds. And then they got a bad idea. Mary enjoyed Reynolds now. Nobody cares. And it makes him sit at Simist about this. You would think it was like the most. Oh, I got one for you. Let's see. What's the name of the bit? I don't know what it's called. And you'll guess right away when I put it. Oh, yeah. We need to put it on there. Maris Gibbs. Yes indeed. Got it. M-A-U-R-I-C-E Morris. I always just call Maurice in the course of Morris. After Richard Krenner, he was good but don't put him on because nobody knows who that is. Let's see, 2002. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Abba even died. Who a no. Even knows it. Abba even. He was the former, he had a big Jew. It's really Ambassador V-Wand. You don't remember. Abba even very distinguished with a big fan face. How does Ariel Surundil him by the way? Don't hear a dancing about that. Let's see. Oh no. How can you watch TV without your Ariel? We're going to get to 500 pretty soon here about all 427. You guys are just cricking and creeping along, man. This ain't got a cutted. See, I'm an idiot. Now, if we were to start it with our 4500 like usual, we'd already we pushed a push in a thousand, we'd have it like, but we started it from scratch today. We are going to be able to do this. We can't get to a thousand. What's our goal? 750. Yeah, 775. 750. You always said, you always said to borrow a low. I said it high. Why? Just 775. I didn't say 775. 775. 775. I say 750. We got 429 right now. And that's all some people to be doing between now and 2. You go climb. That's not there. We're going to have a big scheme cancer. That's what they're doing. They're working up a big tumor. I mean, I'm going to be the great Santini. Here's another guy that I just absolutely love. He was just so great. Robert Duval. I know that he's gotten a lot of accolades and accolades and stuff, but I just, when people ordinarily start giving off a list of great actors, he's even a lot of time to get over-looked. Yeah, it does. Robert Duval. I would say he's one of the 5 to 10. If you were going to pick 10, he's going to make the list all the time best. No? Okay. Character actors? Yeah. Absolutely. Great. Robert Duval. He was even great in network, especially the part after Josh fell asleep. Like the opening credits. 11. 13. If 560W2M finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable with on-demand is easy to use, and lets you take viewer control to a whole new level. With Comcast on-demand TV is on your terms because you can pick a show on your schedule, possibly wind it whenever and how you feel like it. And for limited time, you can connect to the Comcast digital cable and HBO on-demand. For just 34.99 a month for the first three months, boy Tony Sigurdos sounded old and tired this morning. Why is TV so much better with on-demand for starters you can watch over 3,000 thing movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On-demand is ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kids show as music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch right and when you're in a mood to watch it. You sure can't get all of this with satellite. So ditch that ditch today and get big savings up to 515 bucks plus on-demand so you can build your own TV schedule. And best of all on-demand is free when you have Comcast digital cable. So pick your showtime, sit back and you're what are hired for got along without it. Call today order Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power bond demand for just 34.99 a month for your first three months. In-day call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast call today for full detail certain restrictions apply. This is Neil Roger. This is 516. A number of celebrities have recently passed away among them Brian Keep Jimmy Stewart, Robert Mitchell and Jacques Cousteau. Listen now as they join Charles Corals for the end of the road. Listen to me. Hello. That's just one of them in here. Maybe or. Really? Hey Jimmy. How is your future service? Yeah. What's just a wonderful way. Now how about you Brian? Very small. We came to a family fair. Just playing going to New Year to the Trinity. Hey. Welcome your own web jack. That is much stronger. Keep his stuff, Jack. Jack. What ever are we going to here to the Trinity? Brian, why may I ask you a question? What about little tramp says he did get out of her body hurt joe? I don't want to know about this. I want to know about the misaffranch. I understand that he is a man's man. Oh, oh. Say I want to be for we get to return for we there yet. Hey, I think we're there all right. 11. I team. We got Evan Cohen into the afternoon. I like that. Curtis Stevenson and four. We got Lee Fel, a flea, Elman. What's his name? Lee Felman and Craig Mishett 7. 7. 10. 10. Come on tonight. This is just a drive run. Is there like actually anybody out there or what? I don't think so. Where? Well, no, I'm still. We're just sitting here talking to ourselves. So now's a good time to talk about those arbitrends. Okay. From our table in May. Well, we did, you know, not like we used to back in the day when the station had an audience, but comparatively, everything else. Curtis, I'm doing 90. Overall, many team plus Monday through Sunday, 6am to midnight. You guys across the street shut that transmitter off, baby. Through the public of favor and saved the juice. W. Hi, hot FM number one in men. Overall, 6.4 share. Radio Mumbi, no, speaking in Glacac. 5.4, the number two. This is many team plus most of their men are like 90 plus. CMQ FM is number a time for second with them. Minority on. This change. to speak a to Pani or both. WIOD, a 3.4 in over all in a week. And then I'm still looking on the next page, WQAM, 2.6, number 17. Ooh, and WIOD, radio America, a 1.9, number 21. And on the next page after that, oh my God, reaching perhaps an all-time low across the street. See, the ticket has dropped from a 1.3 in the previous trend away, 1.0. Oh, oh, oh, God, number 25 trend. Yeah, it's too much out of the spring book, Mr. I'm telling you that right now, trend my ass. I'll get it right. That is, at one point, you could just, you know what, seriously. Let's try it for the rest of the summer. You try tomorrow. You could just put like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And get, and get loopen. Yeah. Oh, you're looped a little, do do do do do do do. And I'll get a one. Of course, that's what he got the last couple of trends. He was honestly, never know. That is scary. Now, when we get into the day parts, into the day parts, you know what those parts are, don't you? I don't know. 6 to 10 am in men, 18 plus. This is in our target demo, 2554. Of course, because that, when a whole book comes up, and you'll, you'll, you'll, with that. So, five, look at that way. 8.0. Oh, they're number one. Ever listen to that? Huh? Not. He's talking to John? You. The big, big body. 6.6. They're number two in a morning. That's Ron and all. And like I said, when students don't on the air, they do really well. When they have any competition like a real show, they all listen to it soon and over there. Ancient polynomial run. Radio on more 6.3. Radio on V 6.1. You see the ethic thing here. WXD data. That's another hoochie koochie 4.8. WEDR. That's dark 4.3. Radio hit more more hoochie koochie 4.0. QBA. And those speaking in LACP on it. You've got an ethnic battleground there. Sounds like to me. CMQFM. In the morning, 3.8. They're number, uh, time for eighth. Does anybody speak English here? No. I'll see. I would say 3.1 in the morning. I don't know what would they got news in the crap. I don't know what to do. Oh, and they also got that Glenn Beck from nine. That's whatever. I'll go back. Uh, kiss. Uh, okay. WKWM in the morning. Not too promising there. We had a 22 in a winner. Then up to a 23 in the extra. And now he's back with his 22. Number 18 in men. This is a sports show. Say a sports show. Number 18. 22. What kind of a thing is that? Have a 22. It must be a big one. I'll tell you that. WINZ, uh, scare America. I don't know. At one point six. They're vanishing from the scene. They went over like a pregnant pole ball to the middle of July. And it's only the late part of June. And waxy. This is their strong suit. Maybe it's when they were the superhead is on Joe Rosemeister. 1.2. A 1.2 sure. How do you like that? How to give you it update of what took place just now off the year. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's the probably says Howard is calling call me a f*** cold. Remember that? That's what I do. Meaning more Howard. Don't go go go. That's Mr. Dave Mr. Howard's guy. Yeah, we know. He's got relatives and to bed. You know, sure. Okay. So that look in too often. There's four stock radio is done in this market. And that's what you accomplished across the street. You came in and you diluted it. It's like taking a fine wine. Well, we're not that fine. First place. But taking like a medium priced wine and diluting it with like tap water. Take a barrel of ripple. And just goes pitch in a way. Maybe that's it. Mid days in men. Radio Mombine, who's speeding place. A key seven point two fairies. Uh, seven point. You fair. Okay. They're number one. Again, all their listeners are what age of 100. So once we get the demo straight enough that they're no factor. WCMQFM6.1. So actually, when we extrapolate this, we got a shot. Life taught. Unless you have a rookie ticket in men in the morning. Are good buddy. Ricky ticky. We just celebrated 50 years on the air. Magic. Three, six down to about two nine. Uh, well, 50s of a time to hang it up. Ha ha ha ha. Hot. Four point eight. Wild 4.5. WML. WML. WR. First page. WR. Number eight in men. But that's 10 to three. If you take the two three hour hour there, we'd be like right then. And somewhere. Would you want to say in sub order? No, we have a five sum at least. We'd be top four on the Titanic. That's not easy to do. Now what about Waxi in the midday? What about radio uh, uh, uh, Aurora, skier America? They got a two point. Oh, midday in men. I still can't find Waxi. Oh, they had their makins and men roses. And that was it. We're saying, Josh, you have a couple weeks ago. Somebody called said they're on a year saying, we're making some inroads. Yeah, they're doing something. Yeah, they want from a one two down to a one point one. A one point one. Basically, they find a nice even level there. It starts with a one all day long, including in the afternoon where they highly touted younger and hip or dandelive bastard. Let's see, the coast. The coast. I, I must be missing a page in the afternoon. You must have a screw that up or I might maybe I'd do when I put them together. All right. I just facts them as they were. Oh, I'm sorry. My bad. My bad. We get my staple out over here. It's quite a production when you send me these eight million pages. You know, I do radio on more is number one in the afternoon and men. Radio on more anybody's speaking in place. Okay, you know, not 105 big. I O.D. with a four five. That's time to smith myster. Four five. Let's see how well the sports guys we're doing. And on the first page and on the second page. Holy Toledo. Well, it would require roll over and as we have a few can see these numbers. The third page is WQM. We went from a two three all way up to a two point. So that number is probably about a four if you're scratch. Take the three o'clock hour there is three to seven. Right. Right. Plus the fact that this is never on anyway. And when he is on, he's on the like six thirty because we have the Marlon Pregame crap. I mean a great pregame show. So two point eight that's a couple of losses from 20th in the previous trend. Little improvement there. Two point eight. Keep that number in mind when you look for WACI. How's there America doing there? If no, they dropped from a three point. Oh, two six. Not too good. And WACI. The younger and him for a damn of back student toss a good game. And he's got all those buddies in the media writing a good game. He's got a 1.2 now from a one six in the last trend. A 1.2. Oh, my God. Amen. Couldn't have said it better myself. That is scary. I don't know if I want to go through the whole thing with person's 25. 54. All I will say is that we got a three point two here on a show. And since we have no women you double that means it's about a six four. And that's 10 to three. So we got we got a shot. It may be about a seven year in there. In many 25. They need to go. We got a shot. Maybe we will bonus money in here if we get a like a little kiss in June. No, I'm saying nothing wrong with a kiss in June. So that rhymes with two and moon and cockamoon. Four or 65. If we can get to 500 votes by the top of the hour. We're going to be really dangerous. You'll see. No, you won't. If you'll see. And I'll believe we're going to pull it right out of our back. Go. And here. Good guys. I had so much more to give. But you've married a psychotic. Good. The trigger. The good guy is huge. But the good news is that. She knew herself so well. Because everybody knows that. It's LA. They let burners walk every day. And now the last day has died. Thanks to your psychobic twice. Who had a stupid day's life. Written. And news radio was a main show except that two were there. And some character's relationships. But lost their voice. You thought more than that. Your life would have lasted long. But you left too no choice. Good, I'd draw in the floor. That you made a crook so. Dills at dark. And hurry that I've heard a rum on hands like gun. And hurry I just blew your head off. Now line up a cake and rip off. She's dead anyway. Now they're dead on a fallen furder. And the cake is in that the reason you left anyway. And it sucks that you died. Because of your psychotic wine. With that stupid day's life, Written. And the Simpson will never leave us again. And I'll so's like your custom, appreciate the love. And you're like, oh, it's right. It's a good thing she says. It comes now that kind of defend that bitch. You have four of them. I didn't like that. We had a dumps up now. They're at least I did. Yeah. You can't say that. I heard it. You would too. I've banged it. Please add and Bishop and McLean Stevenson. Somebody says it's a full spell. I don't know. Maybe that's right. The highest spell on the clean. Whatever. Don't mind it. We'll get any votes anyway. Well that's right. Why do we want to put him on it? We're not around for redneck. We want to put around for redneck on him. We can. We can do it. He won't get any votes either. But if long brando or have any votes, how's it around for redneck on a good votes? Which public figures death affected you the most? We got five, four, three, two, one. Four, many, seven votes. What is that goofy Japanese prime minister there with Bush? The decisions? It's Alfred E. Newman and the Japanese version of the same. Four, 87. We'll make to five. And what do you think? We'll make sure that we go for eight. I don't know. Let's go for eight votes. This public figures death affected you the most. It was most of the tiered jerking and work in JFK, 141 of course. John Lennon 59, Dale Earnhard 35. What? Phil Hartman 33. That's your go zooming up there after we've played that great bit now and had a dump out the A-hole word. Bob we were 25. We were the weatherman. We all grew up with Bob. And then they scoot him over badly there. It didn't be so six man. They stuck at him. They finished him off. Just like what Dave Lamont and Pete Bullt did a sunny hush. Right? Right. Princess Diana 20. Diana. John Bolusius 17. Kurt Cobain 13. Wait to see that. We'll be last days. If you haven't seen that yet, good luck to you. Good choice. Jerry Garcia 13. Well, must be the dead head. It must be taken. Well, I actually the first time we did a pull. He only had 11. Out of over. On our seeing. Wait a minute. Take that back. That was a printout. I'll see how many of the first time we did this pull. We had 2,000 plus votes. We had 24. So the pre-season. He's got more now. They did percentage wise in the first time. That's not good. That's a bad sign. That heads are on the attack. They're pretty offensive. Bobby Kennedy only 13. What was wrong with Bobby Kennedy? Was he chaplorer or something? What was wrong with him? Well, his little overshadowed. Wouldn't you say? John, if Kennedy juniors got 11. See, that goes to show you what we're dealing with. James K. Juniors, who never did squat? You know, publish some stupid as nagging. He was a dream boat. Get out of here. You're a hunk. Yeah, hunk or crap. Oh, why? Yeah, that's my question about how he's got in here. It's JFK Junior, my ass. 11. Martin Luther King, 10. Elvis Presley, 9. Johnny Carson, 8. Only 8. Here is Johnny. Freddie Mercury, 8. Jim Morrison, 8. At the cafeteria. They're gone. Are they Morrison's cafeteria? Is that a thing in the past? That's what we heard about. Thank you. Oh, remember though. Jim Hanson's got five. And Harry Kirries got five. I got news for it. Jim Hanson was no Harry Kirry. Rodney Dangerfield, four. Rams were Lucy of Ball, four. Chris Farley, three. You know, I'm going to tell you right now that, um, what did I just get you planned? Oh, good bye Philharman. Right Philharman was a hell of a lot more talented and funnier than John Stewart will ever be. Okay. I just thought I would say that. What? Do you want to take some? I'll for Korean with you. Okay. Ray Charles III, 113, nifty Russell III, nifty. Charles Charles III, Frank Sinatra III, John Wayne III, Bob Keaton II, Ronnie Reagan II, Christopher Reeve II. That would be very tasteless if we played that. Was that called Superman 5, I think? Yeah, it's great. And all you write like? Harry and Myers, you're in Supreme Court permanent winner circle for a spot on the nation's High toward starting to clock. Oh, Ah, the Great Wall of China. Michael Moore? Thanks, and you can say traumatic fright. Ah. You're right, I have a generates tentacles. Fighters are bombed! Very radail. Ah. All the New York Times. Thank you, Ray. You're a judge. They should not try. The diapers. They're things. Carl Roe. That bitch! Yeah, Carl Roe. Oh, Wayne Gretz. The frosted place. The president Bush. Shane's an honor to drive us out! Oh, no! No! No! No! No! No! Don't do that. Chris is a real two. Hope John Paul the truth has got a pair. Well, finally two for the sob on the slab. And make you feel better? Yeah. James got a pair. Don't ask. Two. Mr. Rogers. Fred Rogers. Robert Stack 1. Son, Ritter 1. Jack Eglison 1. The Great One. Carl Roe Connor. How can Carol Connor only have one vote? That's in that tell you everybody's out of town. They are. Where we want to apologize for results of this poll. Because obviously the losers who are still in town and voting on the poll. They wouldn't know. Tell it if they bit them on the lip. Like Earth a kid. Tony Randall 1. Marlon Brando's only got one. Don Corley on Zonegall 1. Isabel Sanford 1. Rick James 1. Super Freak. Troy Cism 1. Johnny's Cockman 1. And Vancroff 1. Pet Marita 1. Richard Pryer 1. Skilled Wrong. With an eye. How could you spell Richard Pryer with an eye instead of a eye? A lot of people do it. A lot of people do it. Uh, Buffalo Bob 1. Rock Hudson 1. She won't either. Marilyn Monroe 1. And none. No votes for Ann Bishop. Ralph Rednick. Morris give. Dr. Robert Atkins. Jimmy Stewart. Katherine Hepburn. But he hack it. Bob hope. Bear Bobby Bond's Chuck Johnson. Johnny Cash. Art Carny. John Cazal. Frado Jack Parr. Jan Barry. Jack Barry. Alan King. Frank Gorschen. Luther Van Ross. Bob Denver. Don Adams. Rosa Parks. Who did mole? Rosa Parks. Shelley Winters. Correct Scott King. Al Lewis. Kurt Gaudy. Let me get back to the bottom here. Dennis Weaver. Michael Andon. Joe to measure when Jackie gets on asses. Out of 505 votes. None. For those last. The number is across the street. Put them all together. And you still have a number. Isn't that embarrassing? Yeah. Kind of. Maybe they got a number at night in Manny's. I didn't look at seven of them at night too much. I never do because who cares. Everybody's watching TV or you're schloffin. Let's see. Well, I want to go again at night. Man, their people are there. Glued to that. I want to find. They keep it on morning new night overnight. Wins. Oh, my God. Look at that. We're a scare America went from a four five down to a two four. That's the goddess. Oh, she's dropping bad. Man, they must have seen that chair. Or we're going to whip of it. QAM one two up to one six. Nice going at a big increase there. Where up to number twenty four at night. Waxy. Oh, no. Then I'm going to start with a. Oh, they went from a one point nine in the federal and martial. A two eight. Oh, my. Must be those marlins. Ma'am must be for the god hot. Right. Right. They were hot. Man, they went nine in a row. Then they went eight in a row at home. And then they lost last night three to one. Yes. And Fred of what I'm sure was a sparse, a Paul free crowd. But when you're expected, the dog days, what do you know? And so they got two three hundred people in there. What are they going to do about it? Like us with the audience. Now, let's see, I understand. They're off today. And then this has to be a mistake. Oh, I see. This is still as we schedule. Look, like maybe the devil rays were coming back from more punishment. The red socks. That's that big holiday series this weekend. They're going to have a crowd in their man. Both socks. Am I right? Yeah, you're right. And the red socks are going to be out as opposed to the pale hose. This is the red hose. Never see a red hose. I think on the Indian Reservation, the rest of the red hose. Yes, he's up. Eight team before noon at five, 60 WCM, the world famous Evan Cohen show it to the staff. What do we got on tomorrow at two? Do we know? Oh, bowl. I see. And then the man got returned strongly. At the moment, it's all penciled in in Crayola. I'll tell you one thing that is back this weekend. And every weekend, lobster faces back every Friday through Sunday. At the Emerald Coast by far and away, the best Chinese buffet in South Florida with three locations for you. You'll find the Emerald Coast in sunrise, tempered pines and sunny hours beach. Overall, 100 different items featured on the Emerald Coast buffet. Go and trim off your real cow. Start out with six gourmet soups. Eat them all, man. Just shovel it down your pants. And go for that juicy New York steak grilled the order just the way you love it. Handcarp prime rib. They have a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes that you love. As well as a salad bar and a seafood bar too. You won't even know what to eat first at the Emerald Coast. And the dessert bar is spectacular. Do you see right up practice? Let me say it again. A salad bar and a seafood bar. And the dessert bar is spectacular during the week. But on the weekends even more spectacular, he said, Moe, do do do do do do do. Because they've got that 40 inch chocolate found. It'll make your mouth water and the rest of you too. As you hand it, if your strawberry is marshmallow cheesecake, other that can increase in loads of milk chocolate for dessert. Perfect ending to a gigantic pickup at the Emerald Coast. And don't forget you walk out of it. They're not only feeling full but also healthy too. Because they may use any MSG. No craft. They use only healthy cholesterol, Freak and Ola oil all their cooking too. So bring the whole family all the whole getting pickups and Strangers on the street for a real treat at the Emerald Coast. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 for reservations 5 7 2 3 8 22. And don't forget to be Friday through Sunday. It's back. It's lobster fest at the Emerald Coast. Each your hearts contend without spending a lot of green. The Emerald Coast is unbeatable. This is meal rotters. The Emerald Coast is 5 16 28. Butting balls. Bulls! Man, man, he may burn his life, man. That's a nasty gray burn his life. When a shady gray burn his life, That'll spell the fiddness of life, Now that he's made burn his life, No one else can do to that dream. We just build it so that white to say. He became so so deep to say, Now that he's made burn his life, Those dealers stars are forever gone, Life, you may join centers, new hunts, So we need to win David Razz on the snowboard, Any bad. Richard Gosson of Batron come and threaten Some of the horse jacks with us, And we'll never know why gold on the snowboard That'll see when burn his life. Careful, he'll hear you hear his phone, Countless of our new Lindsay, the gold, Don't be playing ration, that all of us, He may burn his life. We'll fight the bells, we'll be on the ice, And tie the mean winds, Or not, we'll be the less guys who wear And our thoughts are now seen never playing. Until we gave him a great consent back, From that game we had to in the day, But now we've been first seen as now black, To a furnace, like, And on the air, And stop and do where's a blank, On the snowboard, to a blank, And on the snowboard, And on the snowboard, And on the snowboard, And on the snowboard,ma-chan-y, 538 man in the sunshine state fact we got five we're gonna five forty that a good spot on the that let's move down to the ass end of the dot we're already pretty close to it get away from that human interference and bishop and if we put around here what i should probably do it and but put around your judge i don't know i've typed in and you know you've got so many names under he's like where we're ready to plot i'm gonna go with the s trust nobody is voting for any of these anyway you know like uh... i can put around there you see no below nobody's gonna vote for and bishop are you crazy white might i mean if jack part is now to go if jane berry has no votes nice time i look for marlin brando he didn't have any votes either that would that would leave me so distraught you see it can you find where my brando will and bishop is on there another she is an energy got a vote i told you she was on there what is you are so argumentative man must be working with your genesis three days i trained a lot uh... a lot of brando finally got three little about some of you did as good off your ass our stand major would say if you get off your ass and call me sure i would be sitting here talking about milky way dark and about who bought a good watch oh i was thinking about stand major was it here for maybe that's why i lost my blackberry here is kipple airport names today waiting for the flight to Berlin or uh... yeah or the flight back to here i guess i was thinking about stand major thinking about my two grand probably worth about a million by now when you think with interest also speak of that thing before about the shooting people's heads off like uh... still heartman a man who believe this cat was sick and shot his head off was acquitted by a jury after half hour deliberations i would take it about ten seconds i said nice job palay have a great day good work this is from the herald no less by Amy Sherman i would have she's came to Alan Sherman or general uh... some i call it the kitty co-working defense says in a brown county court where we are today michael steastoo steve class the vacuum cleaner handle as if it were shot gun and with a fluffy stuff animal in his other hand demonstrate how he shot mama kitties head off mama kitties being his beloved long hair feeline which he said was ill enacting anti-social you know what that means don't you or she's a paid in the air so like doctor jacked the truck doctor was sent to more than a hundred merciless steve decided to put her is better out of her misery how would you say that is to you eve stewist to leave out of the house good to me have a store or one of it to check it out just fall off the couch store or one i held her away so she wasn't looking me in a shot or said steve describing his final moments with the candy on for at least thirteen years but i guess thirteen was not lucky number for that kitty she didn't know what hit her and apparently in florida is not illegal to do this oh god now you tell me the states animal cruelty law laws pedaura to kill their own pets in a human and proficient manner when the animal is suffering and his near death or can't be cured hey tiny the jury reaches verdict in just thirty minutes it's not thirty men quitting steve thirty eight of a felony animal cruelty charge of convicted he could have faced up to five years in the slimer when the verdict was read steve broke down and cried i'm sure it had nothing to do with the verdict was missing his little kitty cat what do you think i've had although during the trial he didn't admit that he started drinking before shooting mama kitty but we testified he consumed most of the decaling beer after the act of figure what happened to wipe it off his head you know that's right you decided to terminate your beloved pet life in between shots the prosecutor asked yes he said if that's attorney Denise he word presented steve is a no-man since guy a heavy equipment operator who worked at a quarry and was proficient with far-arms since he grew up on a minnesota farm she maintained that mama kitty's heart condition was in need to fail she described how his precious feelings health had deteriorated in the weeks leading up to the shooting she bumped into objects had a runny nose and dry skin well i got kind of a runny nose lately in dry skin so uh she just wasn't being herself to be said she wouldn't come back and meet me after work anymore she was being anti-social all later he chuckle the z-womenist how mama kitty would relieve herself in front of his bedroom door and protest if her litter box wasn't tidy how do you like that in other words if the litter box was not to respect she like a leave a number outside the door i said i'm message that alone you know i take care of that security in a microwave all left doesn't make a mess i think he took the right i think he took the right route don't jiu just now what's the store with all these factions opita board opfacts and says a pig report the bso grip and south west under sixteen thavato hiding behind the nursery sign face pithabord up and uh what do we end up at your fax machines not mine i got a good machine mine maybe your toner is on on the last legs maybe got some kind of a problem i'm just mentioning that and you got a whole week to work on it because then i have another show until next Thursday but for two and a half hours before the marlin game that's how it came through it some come through really bright and uh some dope no i'm just got to line down the middle what do you what are you be talking about alright cities other fashion and we're all got to be double black line down the middle let's not have a common true no i'm not from university dot came through the black line that that that's coming through that way because your machine is not a good machine mine alright you got a screw up my machine mine alright with overwhelming support from Berkeley residents in california the Berkeley city council unanimously passed a resolution to the night to be the first jurisdiction in the u.s. to let the public vote for the impeachment of president George W. abortion vice president Dick Jani the measure will appear on the November 7th ballot across about ten grand among those who urge the council to approve the initiative or peace activist Cindy she and Danielle Ellsberg as well as five hundred Berkeley residents who since supportive emails to city hall only three residents say they were against the idea how do you like that the council agreed to drop a provision that would have set up a task force of Berkeley residents to monitor the president vice president how do you like m.o.d apple sense they're monitoring speaking of monitoring will be able to have some better relations with it in china and yeah bread and he spares poses nude for cover of uh Harper's bizarre and i kind of bizarre we'll get to that story after the break up a lot of stuff to get to here because we've been touching around with these trends which there really changed all that much except for across the street where they really went in the tank including one member that started with a oh again oh man we got to big oh and they got to point something and we're talking a big game or make a real en-roads i can't wait to see buried jackass when the whole book comes out can't wait to end Jim sarnie although sarnie ought to like us now because we got his buddy Evan co-man on the second one understands a good guy but you know i just haven't known that sarnie's got a blow up tele him this is better tell him that i think he paid for it oh man hey Evan sarnie wants you baby 550 three votes and jodemazio hasn't got a lick can you believe that he was married to Merleman roe he hasn't got a look from the sarnie it's not for an audience they would probably don't look too good anymore and never did look even in life he didn't look too good the good news is Marlon Brando finally is making a little bit of a move he's got four okay aren't you excited about that Marlon started to make a move well that's something well when you wait six hundred pounds in a easy to make a move as far as we'll have you ever seen again this is real rocker this is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on q eight down now from the channel and I was just buying it's at the q and hey where's I going what's she doing with that machine gun my lord oh my god well Sarah this is a wife she was there no what's really one story after another about drugs and violence now she wants to write the role and three writes the news in and full story and picture I'll see you tonight at five six hundred and news in the world and what are you going to do with me when I get through with you there won't be enough you'll let them make a good two-day for doc's mom star and and vision also starring Carl whether just a white blooder they'll and don't not say god no there's a stationary god over the world and I'm going to be true will we sure miss that old doc don't we know for she hated me like poison every time or name comes up I feel compelled to mention it hated me like poison is because I caught her a fat old doc on here I mean yeah nothing worse than holding her grudge right great she's dead and sandy peatins got to body five hundred and sixty one votes on the pool look at all the people I have no votes gene rayburn see I'll say it again when you're going to fact something in half on europee c half on this and vote for it you know they they'd like want us to do this kind do it do it put it on a and then they won't go to it and then cross your ass like not about doctor bob how about all you fat slabs or still live because of doctor bob and don't tell me the heck is doesn't work it works bob rhymes with bob right doctor bob slob just because he had little slip and fall and of course they use them and that's the the pervers of fat to try to say oh look at that he ballooned up to yeah he ballooned up because he was like retaining water there he was like uh in a coma you idiots wasn't fat in fact remember we uh you remember very well I'm sure were you a part of that whole deal yes I was what was the name of that book some million over there in the saw grass I think that's it we sold over seven hundred copies of his uh book doctor bob and don't tell me the uh actions doesn't work it works it's good for you yeah it works in fact you know something in Germany one thing you don't see very much of fat people really very very you could count them on the fingers of one uh thumb and you know what they eat not worse meat oh yeah meat man they're big meat either snitzle and brads and korea worse than the uh listen at and they're not fat because they don't need a lot of carbs and I need too much uh like y'all well whatever who cares five hundred and sixty six votes you people won't care you want to hear about such crap and I'm not gonna waste your time I'm gonna bore you let's talk about Britney Spears wish they also don't care about that between him or either she's dropped out of grace a six month pregnant Britney Spears is posed nude for the cover of the August issue of Harper's bizarre magazine and accompanying photos spread inside much in the style of the famous 1991 vanity fair cover of a naked and heavily pregnant they mean more what do they say that that she posed nude cuz she didn't anyway on the harp is bizarre cover a dark hair's spears covers her breasts with her arms and crosses her legs at the knee and she sits smiling in the camera and she's wearing a bra. well that's not nude I don't do that. The top singer's spears was never more beautiful than when a photograph her week ago with the first time I've put it a nude photo on its cover it's not nude means naked that's right now with a covering up all the important parts and then wearing a bra to top it all off. Jesus God I'm supposed to put out goldstone under with a bra. Would I make him naked he could probably use the cash by the way the magazine had since word leaked out about the shoot on Monday people have been desperate to get their hands on a scoice of photos which were posted on various websites without permission from the magazine that are go get them. No that's not go get them okay we are already in a hot water when you want to put those naked pictures back on. No I'm not going to put them up. Oh or you just want to see them. Well while you want to see I thought you were burnt out on that bitch. I am but nevertheless yeah take a peek. Can't let's see what the load on there. Can't hurt to look at it to my knocked-up and build up. The former teen idol who's hit songs include Oops I did the game and spears is frequently complain that she's headed by Taparasi and earlier this month appealed to them to leave her alone. She wants to be left alone. She also recently came out of criticism for grabbing with a baby interlap. And then if you would tell me you know that sure about him. Peter line I don't care about her. She was real pristine and clean and now she's a mess. So I go to see your faxes all have this lined on a middle or maybe it's your machine. In other words when you just said me did not have the lines down the middle. No. Are you serious? I'm serious. Are you sure? I'm gonna take a look at my machine mine. It might be a cartridge needs to be changed or something. No. Absolutely not. You should take it out and shake it. There's nothing. No one in the cartridge to say on their toner low because they usually do that like a week before we need to change it. How about the toner cartridge is meant? I owe my school supplies right here my drawers. Anyway, ginger says O Ginger. Uh-huh. He said for these pool Dr. Edward Teller fatherly hydrogen bomb a monochor he detested. He detested monochor. Bubble like you though. Dr. Teller was a brilliant scientist and accomplished pianist. A lovely man my adopted grandfather. A supposed parody of Dr. Teller Dr. Strange was portrayed by Peter Dr. Teller received over 3,000 hyperbaric oxygen treatments and lived in work that a genius level until the age of 96. He received over 3,000 hyperbaric oxygen treatments. Look what it did for Michael Jackson. Thank you Ginger. Isn't that pretty interesting? I mean not real, real interesting but moderately interesting and it's from a brown number. So Ginger must be in brown. What do you like that? They must look for a lot of cash. Ginger new power. I wonder if she knew Papa Bauer. Neast rock. Oh, it's big enough uh chicks. Chicks with Jenna Bush, the nation's most famous public school teacher is skipping the country and building a bidding a happy adios to the young wife and social scene she wants to rule. Friends say that the blonde younger by the minutes first twin has been quietly making plans over recent months to leave DC. Three teaching job in Latin America. Most likely around the end of the summer. Wherever it goes all your plans right down the turret. A barber's still around. The movie reflects the growing seriousness of a 24 year old whose collegiate partying provided endless fun for gossip calmness. Give it his father's first years in orifice. It also offers an escape from Washington spotlight. She insists your barber of always seem to reason. Last week marked her final day at Mount Puzzon Charter School where she taught for you in a half. What if she's reading my pet go to the kids you think? Probably right side up. I wouldn't surprise me and also reading from like left to right as opposed to like he brought. Oh, I mean that's it. Maybe Bush wants to be Jewish. That's why he was reading upside down and right to left. 578 votes on a pool. Boy, you people can do a man. We can get 800 by two a club by two and I think I'm taking several days off. That's something I plan. I think it is a plan because I already went there on a fourth of July. Thank God for George in Joshua, Curtis man and all that they are there. I'm thinking I could extend this. Listen, this two day a week thing and sometimes once a week and sometimes non a week we could extend this for like until I croaked sounds good to me. Okay. How much of the checks keep coming? Let's start talking contract extension norma. That is well. I mean look at the number we got. Well whatever we got it's only it's it's your organic compared to the rest of this course it's a number. At least it's a solid number and it doesn't have like a decimal in front of it with a zero. 502 votes. What public figure is death affected you the most? Maybe you will cry and you'll try. Maybe you said. John F. Kennedy 156 for JFK. John 11 and 68. Dale earnhard 50. Phil earnhard. Phil Harvin 36. Bob weaver 25. Princess Diana 23. John Bolishi 20. Bobby Kennedy 15. Kurt Cobain 14. Jerry García 14. JFK June 12. Don't remind me to play that John John's playing thing. Okay. I will. MLK 11 Martler King. These we don't have too many dark socials thing out there. Martler they be different from anybody else. They're all good. Johnny Carson 10 Elvis personally nine Freddie Mercury 8. Edmund Manz non on here but we're waiting. Jim Morrison 8 Chris Farley 6 Jim Hanson 6. Oh come on. Jack Eglison 5. Jim Hanson's got 6 and Jack Eglison's only got 5. Uh huh. A soft photo fat guy. Right. Oh my god Rodney Dangerfield 5. I told I once saw him at the MGM in Vegas on a little scooter. Jackie Gleason. No Rodney Dangerfield. He was going on I saw Jackie Gleason the pop of the park. Hunter West Thompson 5 Harry Carrey 5. Head of Montish show at IOD remember that? Yes I do. Wasn't that nice Murphy's Bleach is ready to cross the road. Marlon Brando 4 and if see Russell 4 sing guy. Who's sealed ball for the Duke Scott 4 John Wayne. He died with a whole bunch of stuff. And Bishop 3 Johnny Cash 3 Carolo Conor only 3 for Carolo Conor for Archie. Ronnie Reagan 3 Ray Charles 3. Pope John Paul the 2 3. Charles Charles 3. Sanatra 3. Mr. Rocky's got a fair amount going to read the rest of him. I will send you one's that don't have any though. Look how many don't have any votes at all. Dr Edward Tutter we just put him on and you're lady. You're what ever name was. What was an engineer? He was in the business. Send us a lot of money too. We don't have any votes. Morris give Dr Bob Ankins Jimmy Stewart King Hepburn spelled now with a K and I was going Eric you're redeeming yourself a little bit not much. Buddy Hackett Bob Hope Barry Bob Bobby bonds. Oh should have been Barry. Bob we should still be alive Chuck Bronson our attorney John Cousin Alfredo Jack Park Jan Barry Allen King Frank Ocean Bob Denver down Adams rose a parks Shelley winners. All the West Kurt got a Dennis Weaver Michael and Joe to measure out of 588. Oh none. Oh my goodness if you could see the difference between this right now and that's because we're talking about to a skeleton crewman between the fact of the station is basically about five minutes away from being off the year and the fact that it's this time of the year. I think we're doing pretty damn well. Don't you? We'll take it. Looks to me like the whole audience voted twice already. Twelve minutes past that would be the case across the street man. We can't compete with the juice we can't compete with that Sid Burst in the Rosencrantz uh erosion house guy that Thounheim is fire disaster. Frope and another big stupid mouth and it keeps disappearing. Hillwell let's say CDs numbers man wouldn't surprise me if he pulled a Tom like us got into his car in the middle of the night and just van moose you know. Ten it off for GA or somewhere. If you love the fire things in life then I guarantee you will love stories. It's my main potential cigar shop and it's in pinball of all places with software as largest license cigar. Stobies of Kindle is sure to have all your favorites. Stobies got over a thousand open boxes cigars a thousand free to choose from including Arturo Fuente. Padron Monique Krista Romion Julietta and lots more including a gigantic selection of premium cigars that goes out prices as well as the obscure and hard to find. So come at a stove east today enjoy a smooth smoke let off a big fat one in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest bokeh lines from all around the world. Throne Stobies are refried for their wine tasting from 5 to 8 pm featuring some of the most delicious board those that France has to offer. You'll find Stobies at 116 12 North Kendall Drive they're open every day seven days a week. When you stop in the stove you say how to marry on the girls, Sandra and Yani and they'll give your free cigar the latest for being or called a reserve of boxy favorites to girls and Stobies call us number 305 598-9820 come at Old Neal to a new call say who 305 598-9820 for Stobies in Kendall. This is Neil Roger. This is 566-866. I hate this place nothing works here the medical agents don't work I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place nothing works here the medical agents don't work I've been here for seven years I hate this place nothing works here I think everything's comfy going again they don't forget to play thatSomes have gone there oh STSU want to make you find a ta enrollment you I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. So, I've seen this in very fortay, so that's why I've played it. How's he doing, JFK, Jr., he's still dead, 12 votes. Now, you touched on this before. I don't want to get too heavy duty here today, because it's the middle of the summertime. You play now, it's hotter and hell. Keep it light, Neo, keep it light. Get some of those great calls on there, too. You can go ahead and call with my takes time, I doubt it. Now, I'll take one or two. The impact of today's Supreme Court decision on military commissions goes well beyond Gitmo. These Supreme Court is ruled that the authorization for the use of military force, the AUMF issued by Congress in the days after 9, 11 is not a blank check for the administration. It's got a section of the opinion that it quotes. And it says the point here is that the AUMF does not authorize activity that was not specifically contemplated in the text or legislative history. This is incredibly significant. The administration is relying on the AUMF suggests to find a wireless wiretapping program, and then it quotes Alberto B. O. Favganzollas, a singing audio audio audio. And then it goes on to say the Bush administration doesn't argue that a wireless wiretapping was something specifically contemplated in the text or by Congress, rather the administration argues that it's implied as part of a broad authorization used on the necessary appropriate force. The Supreme Court has rejected that expansive interpretation which is a huge blow to the administration for wireless wiretapping. How do you like that? Today for America, maybe, what are musher bastards? Here's another facts with, oh, a skipper chuck. How could we have it right? For up chuck, huh? Give her chopsticks. Give her chopsticks. Bumb me out. I haven't joined a few cash shoes here right now. Plainers, but what happens in pizza? Very really. From Tony's. If we are. Boto, do do do do do do. I'm a damn. I like my planers, okay. I'm a master of fat, and you know, okay, I'm a good boy. I've got all the good oils in them. As opposed to all those nasty trans fats. They're fine. They're fine. They're fine. They're starting to catch out of that man. Trans fats. He's less the killer. Not that any of you care, of course, because most of you are much as fat slas, what's me? How many few weigh in? About air and swelling. Aaron's swelling just died. But that's a lot of familiar voice around the phone. Aaron's spelling is last words. I'm dying on the head. Do you want to put him on there? We're doing it now. And on a story spelling? How do you spell in that? Wrong. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Time. You see the guy ain't even warm yet. And already they're sticking into him. Got to put him on the full. Can't you just leave him alone for a little while and show a little bit of respect for the dead? Not this crowd. WCWAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a name for your call. Uh-huh. Elaine's Bailey. Yeah, okay. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, listen. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, new. How about Jesus Christ? Said, I mean, laugh at it later. Yeah, put it on your mind and we'll have a big chuckle about it later after the show. I'll put it on the left. I'll put it on the left. But all these, you know. I mean, I'm going to tell you right now when you're dealing even with the ordinary audience, and you hear what we usually get. And then you realize that we're like with a teeny tiny sliver of the dregs of the universe that's left in town and anywhere in Florida. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What do you expect if we're going to get? Why do you think I got my plans? I mean, you know, I'm not going to scribble my plans. There's the bottom of the barrel and then what's under that. Mm-hmm. The barnacles. What are these are really good? You ever buy planners, cash-use? Sure. All the time. I love you. Yeah. I love to get about me, man. I've always got a can. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Keep all always keep on our campus. That too. That's probably where you're hiding. And then our scumbi Georgia's has just looked into planners opinion at the future. That's right. I think a lot of time in the kitchen. Remember where Sigourney Weaver found it? It was in the right car or something. Remember that? Yeah. Good stuff. I saw her for just a second. There was a clip of promo for something the other day in IFC. I just, I just love her. She did that movie. Just, um, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I just, I just love her. She did that movie. Just, um, yeah. So, the final off for Sigourney Weaver, and of course, Amyl Hurts. If you like her performances, it's a good movie, but made it better by her performance. Death and the maiden. Oh, yeah. Death and the maiden? Yeah. Is that like Mike and the maiden? I just want to say good movies where you don't really know where it's going to go or how it's going to end. Oh, kind of ginger. It's a special one. I mean, Jerry. Right. Please. All you folks out there. If you want to save yourself a lot of anger, anger, you don't watch Jerry. No matter how much you like Matt Damon, I was going to say no matter how much you like Casey, uh, Affleck, but who'd have even knows who that is? Much like there's nobody's no like him. He don't look good and he can't act. Other than that, he's great. Oh, plus, uh, he dies before I die. I mean, Matt Damon tells him before the end of the movie. Anyhow, so I just quoted for you. I saved you a lot of time and money. Jerry. WQA, I'm hello. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. Yes, sir. Have a look at the poll, I think. Uh-huh. Frank Zappa. Frank Zappa. Frank Zappa. Frank Zappa, I can't believe him off of their thank you, sir. We just think we did it the last time. That's right. Although I think we ever did put him on in the first time. Let me take a look. And I'll be couldn't have because all the things from the first time are this one now. Frank Zappa. Hey there, people on Bob and Brown, this thing on the kids. Let's play the whole thing on it. Now, knock off. Do it. Matt. Matt. We say, John, I tell all the girls they can just lie on the floor. I can't let them get out of the pain. I'm mad of pain, I'm breathing, soft, I'm mad of pain. I got the cheerleader here once they'd help with my face, but they'd do all the work and baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby. I don't think so. So with that, there was nothing wrong with that. Right up until there. I'll tell you what, you play it. All right. See ya. Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob. I was that Bobby Barr. Oh. 6122 votes on the poll about dead people. I like that. Only a South Florida would enjoy it so much. A poll about stiffs and why not? Well, here's Josh's line line nine. Thank you. Yeah. How about a poll who we want to? Yeah, okay. I know who'd leave. That's why we're not doing it. 560560. You guys don't need that. Not kind of door. Sure that. WQAM. Hello. 2AM. Yes, sir. I sure would love to let Susan's writing real my wrath. Yeah, okay. Good. WQAM. Hello. 2AM. You know how far are you today? Okay. So he's good to hear you. And I've got, um, I really didn't hear a full of your poll. There's so many one one one one one one one one one. How about Haseus Christo? Let's see. I guess he was a pubic for your, yeah. Okay. Thank you sir. How about money? Okay. How about Jesus Christ? How about the moment? Don't we're still waiting for that? Not a big party. With pizza. We'll let, uh, you know, let Brad from Tony's key to the party. Oh, for me. Yeah, we'll still have, we'll still have some in a can. It's just going to task it. We'll stuff some in most, uh, casket. Paskin. Right? Right. From what we've used to say into the beast as well. He used to well, let's get to do it with a jingle bear. We don't want to get to graphic now. Certainly in the middle of lunchtime. I'll meet in my cashews. 625 votes. You think we're going to make that 800 by 2 o'clock? Or we could cheat? No, I'm going to need the cheat. Well, yeah. I just don't understand. This is a momentous day, man. It's a 29th of June. It's the day that sports talk radio officially died. A wicked death. You know, he'll put the final nails in a coffin, by the way. I give up. Let me give you a clue. Not guilty. Another squeaky voice. He was on this morning with Tony cigarette. No, squeaky. I said not retarded. Ira? Windbag. That's it. Ira Windbag. The man who put the nails in the coffin of sports talk radio in South Florida. We are hired. I went out. Aren't you? I don't even have a window. I don't even have a window. I guarantee I haven't co-naked. I have Ira Windbag all the day. I know that. I wonder if a flea, a felvin and mishmosh are going to have Ira. I sure hope not tonight. I may be monitoring, so don't put that bass to you on again. Thanks, Ira. Nothing. You will lose her. Loss replies lies. I say hundreds of dollars off a silly pocket-repeating striker. Ultra-plus euro-pillotop only from dialometres. That's spelled STRY-KER. Just like Jeff striker. As a matter of fact, speaking of Jeff striker. Sounds like that mattress, needed replacing two to knit. Well, it will squeak you to me. A little bit. For a limited time, take four out of bucks off a queen said, just 69. Take 550 bucks off a king said. This is a summer savings in all sizes. Now, this isn't some cheap old mattress that others service promote their ads. This is a luxury. Sealy pokes your peating complete with memory foam and premium cord unit. Perfect for the master bedroom. But this is a special limit of time off from old last forever. So, call 1-800 mattress right now and find out more about the striker mattress. Maybe Jeff actually slept on it. From Sealy. That's Jeff striker, not Jeff. Hi. Or ask about current pricing of the Sealy pokes your peating. Call 1-800-MATTR-ES. And ask about their 12 month financing plan too. The best piece of shopping is a piece of cake man. Save a lot of gas, diamond money. Don't be sletting all over town in the middle of 100-view temperatures. Just sit there and pick up the phone and call dial them. At Christmas, you'll find out why they ranked number one in the world. It over all customer satisfaction. Now, but news them for years. Karrantia, I'll bet you everybody in the world's life on it. You're 11. Call 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S. Because it stands for Stoo Penders Saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. K. W.I.O.D. I hate that station. I got a reason why I feel so blue. I got a radio and nothing much to do. There ain't nobody. Who could wear these shoes? I've got the double shoe. I got deep blues. Think I know Karrantia. No, do I have a wife? Rick Riley told me that I need to get a life. I need guitar man. Tell me what to do. I've got the double shoe. I'm so deep blues and show me flow. I don't think I ever played that before my life. I can't remember that. What does that come from? I don't know. I can't remember. It must be like a... It's like one of those godfather drop-ins. It's a murder. I think he wears some. Anyway, we've got to put our hate this pool on the pool. I don't go sit up a little bit. Right? Come on, Josh. Let's hop on there. I hate this pool. Maybe we should also put on our none of them. None be above. Because we have a lot of heartless bastards out there. They don't care about anybody. They don't even care about themselves. All they know is... I have no life. That. So I'm anything to go with that baby up there. We've got six... We've got six odd. Six hundred and forty more. What? A political consultant whose company was behind a TV at and curried a queues in the Clinton Gordman administration, getting way nuclear technology, was convicted of travel station charges in Edinburgh, Texas. That's right. You see it? Including the little girl in the commercial that you have produced. A jury deliberated almost two days before we did you talk about this? I mentioned it briefly. Oh. Well, I mentioned it again. A jury deliberated almost two days before convicting Carially Cramer 44 of aggravated sexual assault of a child, two counts of indecency with a child by contact and one count of indecency with a child by exposure. It was clear to nine other charges Tuesday. He faces up to 149 years in prison. Cramer, who now there's in Tucson, Arizona, gained national attention during the 2000 presidential election when it's come to create a the end of the enthusiasm of giving nuclear technology to China and exchange for campaign contributions. The spot was modeled after the infamous 161664. Daisy nuclear skier commercial and was pulled after a barrage of democratic criticism. Cramer, who had been free on bonds since his 2005 arrest, was taken into custody on a $4 million appeal bond after the verdict. Two girls accused Cramer of sexual assault alleging it occurred in the past eight years. The FESA attorney Charles Baker argued the allegations were invented by Cramer's ex-wife to help her case in a custody battle. And Cocoa Florida, the pastor of Iraq led churches been charged with raping a member of his congregation as being held with our bond. Solid life ministries, I bet you he's locked solid. Solid life ministries, pastor Jesse French 43, was arrested on 10 counts of sexual battery and 15 counts of ludicrous conduct. I bet you Sally Fitz is curious about that circle battery. Yeah, if you figure maybe she lost that one. A 21 year old comery in told police that the passion began abusing her about four months ago after telling her he needed to unknow it her with oil. That was the call it now. Yeah, I know you. In the joint. That led the farm leg and sex on 10 occasions she said, the woman told investigators that she repeatedly tried to stop French but that he would read the Bible tour and quote scripture decisions that God wanted them to have sex. A fort for maybe four to. Maybe he was saying good God that's good. FESA was arrested June 22 and messaged life early yesterday for French's attorney was not immediately returned. Cocoa Florida, that's almost as good as the guy that was doing his puppy up there in. Where was that? That was some of the similar I figured. Yeah, some redness. Same thing. Nick at the woods. You know, when you look at all the votes that Dale Erhart got on this pool, I'll tell you one thing though. First time we took this pool a few years ago. It's gotta be at least three, four, five. We asked the same question and Dale Erhart and this had to be a put on. I think it was right after he died. Yeah, 742 votes and the second place JFK had 209. Are you following that? Yeah, 36% of all the votes. Dale Erhart. What's that? Maybe all of our redness have left us. Maybe that's possible, but can only pray. God, maybe they all died. Maybe they went to redness, Kevin. Who did he'll believe, heaven? Huh? Text, text, ritter. Oh, that's so, he'll believe. I dreamed I died and went to ill believe. On Capitol Records, text, ritter. I don't know John Ritter. He was a Scott Ritter. Which public figures death is affected you the most. I bet you were going to have over seven hundred votes by the top of the year. We got six, 44 right now. Well, maybe not. It's going to be a real battle right down to the wire for that end redvotes. And the reason we're not at our usual 1000 up to stuff is because Eric, I don't want to, I don't want to rub either. He does a fine job for us. So the labor of love. And I know who's called it really is. I give up. He's mine. Because if I were to just call them, even just email them. I said, hey, Eric, thanks for getting the new pull up, but it doesn't work sweetheart. Do something little with it. He would have dittled with it. And he would have first to pull it too. And once you get your bike there, you can just text him on his cell phone. I mean, once I get my replacement bike for a food when I lost. I let at least they're sending me the new model now. The 87 hundred series of the new ones. Is that the ankle bearing? Do you want to fit right up your ass? It's the thing. It'll be a very, in fact, you know who invented it? No, no, no, no, no. That's what he was actually when he was reaching out his pants like that. He was always just saying the message to a varsie or somebody. He was probably Jeff Garcia. Nobody wants fresh breath. You know, I was thinking about that before they showed it. But back in the day when we had all the hot naked pictures on there on our website. And what was your name? You would remember. I will give you a carmelodiciser and say I knew it. Carmelodiciser. She was about as pristine and clean as it gets. And he allegedly was like, she was his girlfriend. Jeff Garcia. Yes. That's what I heard. So, wow. So, don't believe everything you hear. Anybody bring any gum? Nobody wants fresh breath? See Joshua know that because you've seen that right? I mean, in time. Oh, have I? It's just, it just makes you, you know what it'll offer. Cry. I'll just send it in six hundred and if it makes me want to cry. I'm sorry, six fifty two. It's kind of like those pride parades. Makes me want to cry just hide in the, a broom, go back in the broom closet. But I don't want to spend any time in every tummy crews or genre vulva. And certainly not with our Kelly. JFK, 174 Johnlin and 78 Dale Earnhardt has fallen. Mightily he's only got 53 in this time around. Six point one person. Or eight point one percent. Phil Harman, 38 Bob Weaver, 26 Restanpiece. John Balushi, 23. Priss is Diana, 23. Kirk Co-Bane, 19. Bobby Kennedy 16. Jeff Garcia, I mean, Jerry Garcia. Well, you're in team Jeff Garcia could probably sing just as well. I've never sung together. Yeah, I'm probably in a special breath. Jerry Garcia 14, Martin Luther King 14, J.K. Junior 12, Johnny Carson 10, Elvis Presley 10. It would take in these polls now. What is, uh, skeleton audience we got? It's like farting into a gigantic hurricane. Jim Morrison 9, Freddie Mercury 8, Jim Hanson 8, Perry Kerry 7, Jackie Wieson 6, Chris Farley 6, Roddy Dangerfield 6, Hot arrest Thompson 6, Nipsy Russell 5, So many dead celebrities. So little time. Johnny Cash 4, Ronnie Reagan 4, Marlon Brando only 4. Bob John Paul the 2th head 4, Lucy 4, Charles Schultz 4, John Wayne 4, and Bishop 3, Carol O'Connor 3, Rachel's 3, Richard Pirate 3, so not for 3, 2 for Dr. Edward Taylor Fred Rogers, Robert Stack John Witter Bob Keeshan, Christopher Reeve and bankrupt Peter Jennings Don Mats, Merlin Monroe and one already for none of the above. Yeah, so the Frank Zaffer and spelling Jack Lemon, the Moon, G. Rayburn, Ralph Redneck, Tony Randall, Isabelle Sanford Rick James, they all got one and I'm not going to go any further. How about the ones with none? With zero. Nobody cares about Bobby Bons. No. How about word bonds? Who? How about Gary U.S. bonds? I hate this pooled on have any yet. Morris give none. Zero for Dr. Bob to me, Stewart, Katherine Hepburn, buddy Hackett, Bob Hope, very bond. How about what's his expensive Tracy? He's always on these pools. Let's stick his old R.E.S. on there. Spencer Tracy. Who'd you like better? Spencer Tracy or Dick Tracy? Like Spencer the car watch guy. Well, I prefer the cartoon myself. Well, 42, 18, to 1, a QAM, Evan Cohen, a 2, a 2, a 1, a 2, a 4, a 9, a mystery slot. Never heard of in my life and I already. I'm thinking it's going to be a gigantic improvement. If you think you might have term arts in your home, why not do this smart thing right now? Write in the middle of all of it. It's about a month and two for a keen season. So you know, we're in the middle of term arts season. So call our friends. You're a redipest control. They can get it you a free. Turmite inspection. There is absolutely no obligation. Did they need lost your house yet or what? No, no, yeah. They're doing it. The test control uses that amazing orange roll. Treatment that kills termites and the right amount of present on contact. They're gone faster than even say it. Where is the choice ratford? By the way, if anybody finds choice ratford, call a police. If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tent your house and make a circus in your neighborhood. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out and staying in hotels or motels for days or weeks at a time. You don't have to worry about the food or your pets in your health. Because the folks are rid of pest control. Use this amazing orange oil. And they don't even have to leave it all. In fact, when they're on treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. So if you have a termite problem or think you might have one in the, in the, in the worst, nippin in the bud. Not calling rid of pest control right now. And ask them about this amazing orange roll. Treatment that kills termites and the raised one heart persona contact. No tending. They just do a fabulous job every time. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. 1 800 4 4 7 43 48. That's 1 800 4 40 7 43 48. 1 1 1 3 48. And when you call me sure and tell me the tot. Lord you call. Hey, you're next on 1 800 4 4 7 43 48. The list is meal Roger. What's all this? Is 5 16 15 16. Thanks. Thank you. Why don't we go to the? This is considered the summer when you call me. And Connie, Sean, on and on together. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. It's so good to be here. Diagonal memory. William Holland. In Contagation. How much hope opens up. To be here. The Presette King for All upgrade was tokens. Bro, 47 at the end of my Event谢谢 commander. Team 90, for all extra money. 2011. accomplish 2006 am. Value crossed total number. favorites, Anchor of Count out with Keith Obama and the MSNBC, explained that his audience has grown 37 percent. While the Iraqi factors has dropped 20 percent in the same period, Fox's ratings are lower than they were five years ago. Bill O, 267,000 of the United viewers have vanished since last June, call Fox security they are missing over them and said, as only he can. Over an also-spaces of dropping viewer numbers for the other Fox shows all 11 of Fox's regular shows ratings are down for them are down by 15 percent or more he notes. Of course he doesn't mention the 13 MSNBC don't have any numbers other than his show and maybe a little hard balls and that they are like changing everything over there but they have made it cross-peat. How much do you watch MSNBC? Seriously. How much do I? Yes. Um, none. You know what Keith? Well that, but I just started that. I'll tell wherever I expected the question about Fox stage in New Hope, Pennsylvania, that's on MSNBC right now. You know, everybody came out yesterday and helped. You see a lot of people. Huge, that's a matter of people is helping and everybody is trying to stay positive. It's a smart point to live. It's beautiful here and something that's going to happen and it's not supposed to be. But yeah, you guys are on swimming pool just to walk separate off the porch and you've got your own swimming pool right there. Kind of round your-dirty muddy water though. Looks like those canals and umpsedum. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to send me to see that really round water. Oh, I don't know. It must be the mud. Isn't it? That's right. That's what it is. I sure are. That was set off. That's a good lesson for all your kids up there and you will not go to the slamer because the courts have already decided as you already ruled. Hey, if you're cats like Irlin and I can really anti-social but I'm being right. Right. 684 or 447. We got 11 minutes to get up to 700 by the top of the area and then the sky's the limit after that. Jet blue, known for its swank seas. Did I never flown jet blue? Have you? No. I don't think so. You know what the problem is? All these new thing, a little airlines, um, they get all the great red ups like Southwest. They don't go anywhere that I want to go. By Southwest, I mean, it gets nothing but fantastic reviews. The only problem is, like for example, if you want to fly from Fort Lauderdale to LA, this is, it takes like 18 different flights. Jet blue, known for its swank seas and individual passenger TVs, ranks highest among low cost carriers, and customer satisfaction says a survey released today. Jet blue received stellar numbers across the board, topping the ratings in all seven customer satisfaction categories. The ratings from the study by J.D. Power Associates and Aviation Week Magazine are based on responses from over 9,000 passengers who flew on a major North American airline, the sub-between January and May. You know what the best North American airline is for my money? I give up. Air Canada, okay? Not even close. Overall customer satisfaction was both low cost and traditional multi-cannon carriers was measured by seven factors in order of importance cost and fees while the air Canada is never good on that. They soak in arm and five legs. It's called Monopoly. Quality of flight crew including courtesy and appearance in flight service such as the availability of food and beverages. ease of check. Oh, you know something? I thought about the horrendous flight ahead back from Amsterdam to Toronto. The horror and the flight. The horror and the flight. So anyway, the what do they call them? The person. Okay. So she came by and of course they, you know, and obviously I told her that fly a KLM a hell of a lot. I spent a ton of money on the airline. And so I did not order the meal because the food there is like from a hunger machine to want to barp and so she made me a toast and ham and cheese sandwich. He had to make special really and it was damn good. I keep asking myself this question why have asked this for many years instead of trying to be gourmet chefs because the food on most airlines is absolutely blows why not make things available like that. That's a great idea. Why not have it catered by people who make like sub sandwiches or right? Doesn't even have to be hot. Right. Just have belly stuff there. Yeah. Wouldn't that be fantastic? Yeah. That's what the chef Schmendrick who put together the beef. We've got all the, the micro. We'll put potatoes in a glorified TV dinner. It's horrible. It is just awful. The study finds that process factors such as chicken, how pastures were to play and how baggage delivered at the destination and people factors such as hiring the right people and training and enabling them to be successful are what differentiated carriers and the eyes of passengers. Jet flu is scored. A1 points of love the average for low-cost carriers with an overall satisfaction in the X-Choroth's 820 out of a possible 1000. South-Waste Airlines was a distance second and Frontier Airlines was at the bottom. Did we hear Frontier? Yeah. I've flown Frontier actually. And they are, they're like local puddle jumping airline in the northwest. I tell you how to get to Montana from Denver. I'll be damned. Why don't want to go to either one of those places. Among the multi-cannabinar Alliance, Continental Airlines was highest rate of carrier, excelling in check-ins, in-site service and cost and fee factors. Delta was a close second in American Airlines was third. Air Canada was last among traditional carriers. Huh. How do you like that? Good. Good. You fly American. You fly the terrorist airline of choice and I'll stick with their Canada. Thank you. Let's be good at terrorists. Yes. I think it wasn't Jet Blue the first one would sell those bulletproof doors right after 9-11. I have no idea. I think so. Well, the big thing about Jet Blue is everybody gets their own TV in the back of the seat. That's great. This fact that you just sent me. By the way, it is your machine because I tested I made a copy of something I might have in my machine and there's no lines down the middle. So as usual, it's on your ass end. Don't feel bad about it. Just investigate between now and next Thursday. Okay. Give me a new tonic cartridge. You're whatever you've got. I'm going to get a two-toler cartridge. Somebody says the bird glinhill. I like how much did there's death. You want to put him on there? He ain't going to get any votes. Well, I don't care. Kind of silly. Be I he looks like a girl. Make all him bird. Anyway, what were you talking about with Jim Scouter as a crazy person there? There must have been more to that. You said that like, I don't know if I thought you knew. I said that I only matter what I said. What does that mean? How many, I mean, in this big picture, the right one that you had with him? How many times have you been in person with him? Maybe a couple of times in my whole life. Me too. That's all it took for me. Yeah. I never knew it was really him. I mean, I spent some time always confused him with Bill's infuri because I saw the two of them so infrequently. Okay. And it would show up and I think, hey, I didn't see there's nothing worse than when somebody shows up and you don't know for sure who it is because you know, oh yeah. Hey, I Bill, I don't, I'm not Bill, I'm Jim Scouter. Oh, you know, so I just say, hi, how you doing? You know, whoever you are. Why is he a crazy person? There's just, I don't know why. He's a crazy person. He just says he's an armed-flatting spas. What's that? Oh yeah, here's one. Everyone, I turn up, I want to be just like Jim Scouter with a $30 or a team. I wouldn't need Jim's population fancy. Dad, we're a team here. I'm like her opponent, if egg will be here. Even a slipper, like broken pride, as battery, with me putting a deep in sound. Oh, when I grow up, I want to be just like Jim Scouter, then I wouldn't have this penlight out. Here comes my cellar, but I wouldn't have to spare my ear. I think that sounds just fine. Okay, 1259. The obvious question that everybody in St. Florida is asking, did Trace Bradford show up that a real life? No. He's still a wall? Erks. Well, I usually bail him out. Hell, your horse racing fans and poker players, Pompano Park Racing and poker, has got all the punching action you want, and will also feature a great free, farward show this Saturday July 1st. In addition to the fireworks show Saturday, after the last race at 1030 PM, you can win one of 10 raffle tickets for the $60,000, one of a kind Marlon's Chopper Motorcycle that will be on display. Each raffle ticket comes with two game-day tickets to see those Red Hot Marlon's baseball team. Plus for the kids that will be a free miniature horse rides, free face painting and a free character artiselling at 730 in the PM. Located just to have a mouth from both I-95 and the turn-pipe Pompano Park is easy to get to, and best of all, Pompano Park gives you free admission and free, general parking every day. Live harness racing, we great smoke free poker, often every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. poker gets set away at noon, goes on to midnight, and live racing gets set away nightly at 725 at a PM Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Don't miss out on dollar nine on Wednesdays at the track. That's when draft beer soda hot dogs and last more just a bucket piece starting at 6 in the PM. Don't forget to be free farward show this Saturday's July 1 at Pompano Park, a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. For the current racing schedule, call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000. Be sure and tell that Troy's drive for a totally call. Run the wicked web, it's Pompano Park.com. No, this is on, this is not a tomb, it's the one to two hour. This is Dan Renner for one of the final times reporting for CBS News. You may have heard that I will be leaving the network for which I serve as news anchor for 24 years. CBS has basically told me there is no future for me there. Well, what the dog who of my shoe and call me red blood? No future for me? No future for me? This from a network that hired a party girl to be their news anchor. I say but only to you, sirs. But only this kitty person drinks cheap champagne out of her stilettos while tabletop dancing and building out the rokey, which I am told is a Japanese influence singing style. No future for me? I have been the face of that dump for more than three decades. Long before Survivor, CSI, or the Monday Night Comedy Block, which actually blows, I was the king. Yet they had the audacity. The unmitigated goal to tell me there is no future with them? No future for me? You make up a couple of stories about the president suddenly your persona non-grat. How about that long-heared freak we had in the radio division for all those years? They rewarded him by sending him to a company where the cowsells have their own radio show. If you ask me, that's not too much vision for a company with an eyeball for a logo. Who could even believe that I, the great-dad and rather, would become a body's useless his boobs on a bowl? I guess the only way to ensure your future with this network is to cover oneself with body glitter and sleep with less moonfish. For the record I tried. Less. Was less than recipient. I have been forced to consider offers that quite frankly are beneath me. For example, a hosting job on the show so you think you can dance, and a new reality show called, milking cows with celebrities. This reporter has rubbed shoulders with the greatest newsmakers about time. Gorbachele. Brazenids. Heidi Flies. And now I'm going on casting calls with squeak from save by the bell, whose own hold was in for closure vote. Well, fire my skillet and wrap me and beacon. I won't take it laying down. Less of course less moonfish reconsider. You know he had a guess. Embarrassed certainly. But not dead. Not just yet. For now this is Dan Rathers, signing off. I have a meeting with people at C. Alice to become the new face of erectile dysfunction. This reporter is in as much shock as Will and O'San reading his text bill. But I say this here and now. I will not go quietly into that good night. I will maintain which left of my dignity even if I am forced to endorse adult diapers. Then rather reporting for. Well no one. Similarly, well what's going to happen? Other star Jones Reynolds is off the view. How can the world go on? You know what? The sun will go rise again. Now that we got that grand gelina story and at the Tomcat and the star Jones Reynolds and all these other very important things going on. How can we survive? 700 eight votes on the pool. That's not too shabby. You know, our goal is 800 during the show. I just picked that number out of my earlobe. That was a good number. And you didn't think we could do it. No, I didn't. And we still might not. You know, I mean we got 57 minutes to go. You'd think we would be able to understand prior show, but it's still stuck. There's seven oh wait. And we got so many names on there now. Maybe they're having a difficult time figuring out who they like the most. But the real exciting news is and I thought you told me that this, my spacing was going through the roof. I don't know what to mean by that. You got all these friends? We went to 11 in the friends. Well, what is that? What is 211? That's like whatever that's our friends. That's a lot. And it's only good on there for a week. I mean the object isn't as young as you. How many friends you can call? You know something that's a lot like like the money we raised for a man in Paris, you did as you was a lot. But those are the people that are using my space. Yeah. You know, that are where they're based on the board you took yesterday. There are too many of our people are using my space. No, no, it's for young hip people, not old. But not not our old. Oh, my goofballs like we got. Right. Younger and hip are people like the ones that listen to Daniel Abastor, both of them with his 1.2 share. Well, I'm going to tell you, you folks across the street, Joe Fine, we're going to all new fakers over there. We may be like on our last legs this video station. We may be dying over here. But you people are like, you need to be born again because I don't think you have born the first time. Man, how many times did I tell you in the last couple of years? You cannot. You can't talk to yourself in a having listeners. You can't talk to yourself in a being a success. You can make a lot of stories up. And you can blow a lot of smoke. And you can use a lot of your cronies in the media to blow this smoke for you. And create like a cloud. But when the dust clears and when the actual number is there, you ain't got it. You ain't got squat. And that's why it's just it's so pathetic. They kind of swirl like it's written in these two rags called newspapers in South Florida. It's pathetic. Tragedic losers like that old turd Jim Sarny and that little piece of pudge Barry Jackass, the couch potato. Oh, I'm Barry Jackson Neil and a lot of what you say about me is true. Yeah, you're a turd. Okay, you're a fat little turd with a brain of size of a baby that goes to work at the Harold with mommy driving every day who makes you a ballooning and peanut butter sandwich. God, is there any wonder why his brain is turned to whatever it is? Crap. Do we still say that? No. Call up Joyce and see if we can still say that. Oh, no. 5 6 7 0 5 60 come on. Let's get some of the intellectual calls on here. They get a warm up for George tomorrow. Now what are your calls like yesterday? Oh, they were spectacular. They were intellectual, funny, lovely. There was a lot of them, ladies all over the place, young, right, even breathing. Living and breathing. The hipsters were caught in the air. Yeah, all day long. Yeah. Good. Well, I'm glad because that's your category. Now, number one. You got to take care of the younger him for a part of the audience. What I meant to say is they were crap. Hey, Neil, what's going on? Yes, sir. What about Aaron Gill? Aaron Gill. Aaron Gill or how need to bring this or Dine Castell and Marita. What do you think about those guys? What are you talking about? Marita and Nina and Nanny and Aaron Gill would now kill the PSRG. Ha ha ha. I thought Kelly was dead. Oh, my God. What language was he speaking? Think it in glaze, baby. Spitting glaze. People are laughing at you silly ass. So, please, Portuguese. Was that what it was, Portuguese? I'm thinking of going to Lisboa. Tell me, I'll be really big. Well, I saw that Lisbon that Portugal soccer team on there. I saw that Ronaldo guy that plays under the gun injury. Oh, gee, here is a little pinky or whatever. And he was a squeeze in it. He heard it. WQIM, hello. Andy, I want to hear. OK. Can you please tell me, because I missed it. I've been a listener ever since probably 86. You know, what happened with the time to leave the thing that you couldn't play anymore? I know that you can down on you or some, but I never got it from where or what happened. We can play right now. Tell me why. Tell you why? Because we can't cross-ride. That's why. And we did good. OK. It's not good. It's bad. It's what it is. Real bad. 560560, pound 560. That was a group or doing a voice. Now, he couldn't do that kind of a voice. The fact that I'm not going to go into it. Just going to bite my tongue until it bleeds real. You know, all the way. So you taste it. I just, I just, it's just amazing. So I'm saying his boyfriend's not running the radio station. And take a look at those numbers. Man, take a look at those trends and weep. Why did he weep? My god. A one-strate, ass kick and radio station. And it's not because they went across the street. I mean, even if you put, if you take the sports segments and you put the numbers of the two stations together, you're still got an embarrassing number. You know what I'm saying? And nobody wants to be doing an embarrassing number. WQAM Hello. You can go ahead and you can't have it. WQAM Hello. It's chronic surgery. WQAM Hello. You were talking about the grade one. WQAM Hello. Yes. Did you mention John Rittery? Yes. You know, we mentioned him. Do you want to hold for him? I hope not. Okay. Thank you. What did you like about John Ritter? I just get from the old days. I watched three to go for anyone. Oh my god. Well, I'm sure glad you got that out of your system man. All right. So all I can say to you is you're fair. It's not the matter about the other day. Now, do we actually, I mean, when we went through the list of people of died, we've mentioned them, but we put them on. Yeah, come on there, like sometimes. So you got a home? He's got two votes. He's got a pair. John Ritter had a pair. I'm going to believe that. I understand who's a very nice guy. Oh, who cares? All the people around them, sure. Oh, okay. That's enough. We don't need any more of that. was a bad team and a bad show and he was about as funny as that but the chicks that were organic tumor on your kneecap man he went funny at all or entertaining or good actor anything else he had no talent. Now, what's need to sound a film or a reader I just made that up. Oh come on, a little film or a reader the character actress from 100 years ago. But you better film a reader was great. Google it as what? As herself as something. Google it. Film a reader and you'll say, oh my goodness, I know who that is. Thank you. I am. Hello. Yes man. Did you all mention great Kelly? How could we forget Princess Grace? Every time we do what are they, we put around her she never gets any votes. Oh, that's not right. That is not right you're right. How about that? And you're at Georgia question? Go right ahead. Hey George, what's the F4C4? The what no? F4C you're saying that you, yesterday you were talking about it. You had conversations with your wife about the F4C and what it does. About the alt F. Oh, alt F, I'm sorry. No problem. I'll write you a letter. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right. Well, you're a peep my curiosity. Alt F my ass. All right. That's a big word. How is that? The alt F key. Something I mentioned in passing. Yeah. Well, she was very perspicacious and isolated. We learned. Yes. That's a very honest story on there or what? Yeah. Princess Grace. Oh, that's a little bit of a letter. You mentioned her before. And she would, and you know something? This couldn't happen again in a big new year. Do you want to know why? Why? Put it to you just say for the poll. Grace Kelly. Right. Who was in where window who played the maid? Del Maritter. That's why you mentioned it before. Totally cram. What not time? All these years have been telling you people that there are no coincidences that everything in life at all, it all pieces together. You know what I mean? I like a jigsaw puzzle. I mean, like a f***aw puzzle. Can't say that for a syllable no more. You see what I'm saying though? That that couldn't happen again in a billion years. In a trillion years. In a history of the human race. That should be on a front page of every maid's newspaper. Forget about wiretabs. Forget about the bank transactions. The Neil Rodger show falls into a bucket of crap. And what will be the Josh just watched here a couple of weeks ago? Or a window. Del Maritter was the maid, right? That's right. I want to know who the foul eight answer was. That was good. I think it was Raymond Burr. Ha ha ha ha. In his lighter days. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WM. I still I think that we're with a feather after doing that. For years now I've been telling you about the melty pod famous found to a restaurant. And boy if you haven't been into the pot for a while now now is the time to go back. Especially during these boring summer days. If you can enjoy being outdoors when it's 100 a reason to shade and the mosquitoes are as big as boring balls. At least go get yourself a great meal. In fact it's more than just a meal. It's an entire dining experience. Take the whole game for a full four course dining experience starting with a renowned cheese fondou. They serve it up with three different kinds of great bread. Granny Smith apples and crisp veggies. Next comes your choice of liabilities. And then your own phrase include the combination of lobster filet. What is it after the filet. I give up. Oh. You know, change in season chicken. That's my bed because I never let you do that in this spot before and that's my bed. Pork duck port about a mushroom's and lots more cooking oil or bra. The reason I did let them do that is because we have to pay him for each one of those in there. And don't forget to melt it pots homemade dipping sauces. They really make the fun to experience fun and the leash. And now the clincher is those amazing desserts. The famous chopped at fondou dessert. So maybe almost tongue tied with fresh strawberries that and his pineapple cheesecake brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or Graham crackers for different kinds of crackers for dipping only at the Melody pot. You got pots all over time and tell me all the meals since you buy for real dining experience and enjoy life crazy the Fort Lauderdale location. Kindle book of her tone, cross friend, scooper city and of course prestigious North Miami Beach. This is New Roger. This is my 16th. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I want to come ahead of you. That's why I came in. I want to talk to you. I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to talk to you. I want to talk to you. I want to talk to you. You're taking a side we have people trying to do business. That's what I came in for. That's what I'm trying to do. I need to stop with that excuse me. I need to stop with that. That's not right. That's not as long as I can do that. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. We put the button on the left side of this. I'll rate to the lower 10 of four gives me a lift. You're joining some blood to take a point in view. Throw me down. Down to the back of the shoe. And this button will be never win. Right on the floor. Throw me this line. We're going to talk to you. Throw the hell to you. I'm going to talk to you. Throw me this line. We're going to talk to you. We're going to talk to you. We're going to talk to you. All right. The best place to tell you how to pull on the good news is if he's on air to bad news, if he's even anybody goes to you. Right. But I can't stop thinking about the film or everything. How many times in history of your life or my life, if we ever even mentioned some of our, maybe twice as much before twice. Yeah, many times. And now out of the sudden, the lady calls him with Grace Kelly and Josh has just seen thanks to my generosity. We were window a couple of weeks ago and put all the pieces together. What do you got? Tell me, Stuart, and a wheelchair with the knockouters. Pretty boring. Except for the end. It was not boring. It was all. Every scene in one room made comes in and his buddy comes in, the FBI guy and the other the other way. You know, but the end was good. It just took a long time to get there. And the dancer was good. You know, this could be a regular feature on a show. Josh court is movie reviews. Only for the ones he didn't fall asleep in the middle of the film. Or he didn't, he made it to the end of the film. You knew how to do it. So far, you got some good ones for me. Yeah. You got two that I did not learn. Now, working didn't like you fell asleep in the middle of it. It was too pond-resforated. I can't give a positive review on rear window is pond-reson boring, but the ending was good. Okay, but I like Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. You turned me on to Requiem for a dream. Yeah. Imagine, remember, once in a while. I think the clothes are almost right. There you go. Crash was excellent. What else did you, I don't know did I see from you? Did we send him happiness? Oh, standing in the shadow of the motel? Right. I think that's it from you. Happiness? Nope. Very sick. Now, what do you think George? Do you think he's ready to watch that? I don't know. I wouldn't have liked that on him. What do you mean by that? It's got a lot of spodian in it. I think I need a vacation. Here's a fact from Bill and Fort Lauderdale who says, My vote is for an abused talent typical in the recording industry. Steamy Ray Vaughn, rock-on says Bill. I got news for it. An initial inclination was, nobody's going to vote for Steamy Ray, but if jury of Garcia can be on there and Jeff Garcia, why don't I? Right. Steamy Ray Vaughn, who by the way still did. Wow. Yeah, okay. Well, I'll make you watch happiness. It's very sober then. You don't think it's a good movie? I thought it was very good. Yeah, I thought it was excellent. It's just very, very suit. There are some unsettling moments in it. No, no kidding. Yeah. No kidding. Well, it's even easier to do that. Or jury, take your pick. No, I'm good. I still need to do the imaginary heroes. You said, right? Oh, no, I'm not, let's see. We debated that way. Do you run vacation George? Do you think he wouldn't enjoy that movie? I don't know. I, if you have it, did I send you a copy of it? Yeah, I have it. I think you'll be fine. Let him see it. If you want one day on the air, just like a sin-letting review of your window. Easy. If I can draw a theme or we have a theory about Josh's taste pacing in a movie has a lot to do with whether or not he likes it. Well, I wouldn't say that there will be drags. No, not exactly fast paced. It's like an action-filled dynamic, like the Josh court scale. Maybe it's a little too slow for him. That's why I'll give it a drag. Right. Let's give it a shot. I'm sure he can get by. Just skip to seeing how New Year's Eve. Okay, that's my warning too. It's very short. There's nothing we need to do to all that unsettling but just pretend that it didn't happen. Yeah. I'm trying to. Yeah, I'm trying to. Yeah, I'm just so we're both of them. So we lost it in the X-DC. 747 votes on a poll. 747. We got 30 seconds. I think we got a chance for that 800. It's going to be a nippin' talk man. All man, it's going to be nose to nose. Is he going to be good or why? You know, we didn't get any comment about that movie. Jerry hopefully. Nobody in the audience has suffered having to see that. Maybe the police lines are lit up for maybe they're just half out of the Beyond my cable last night and it was, I don't know, I'm at Damon and who I usually is. We'll be pretty good. And I had no idea. I never seen what's his name before. Casey Affleck. I know who he is. Yeah, I don't want to see him again. I don't think I've seen him in anything. Good. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hey. How you doing? I've never heard of the movie called the United States of Leeland. No. It's said about Leeland, the former Marlins manager. I have no idea. Yeah, right. It's his grandson. No, but you know what? It's along the lines of a imaginary, whatever the hell it is. Heroes. Yep. Which I saw. It's the long-dent line. A little weird. Now, when I wanted you to think of it, my junior hero isn't that pretty interesting story. It was pretty cool. It really was. Yeah. There was some scene or just out there. You're leaving you going. What the hell's going on? There were certainly wheel rmans. You just fabulous. You know what I was saying? Once you found a good stuff. Yeah. I didn't... Didn't actually get in trouble. But check. Check that your business! We're at movie. You know, you got to be起en the exit through it. But it's called the United States of Leeland. Okay. All right. I thought that. Thanks, Sally. No problem. Okay. Well it's like a imaginary course. I don't know. Yeah. I've seen it trip around the cable, but I didn't actually watch it, I've just seen it listed. You know, I'd say it's of Leeland. Yeah. remember why the description didn't sound. Now I'm going to have to say to Jim Lee Lenset across from me a pump and a park at the table when night was very quiet on a sumia. That was back after his Marlon managing days, I believe. You can say that. I already said it in a million times just like Kenny Rogers said at the other cross on the other end of the table when I had that you haven't even pressed. And I'll tell us to have a Pete Rose said over there with some fluzzy with all those hundred dollar bills piled up to the sky and how they were by the end of the night they were all gone. Next we're going to tell me you played slots next to Burton Cummings. Oh, did you have to remind me? Yeah, you know, I hate to admit this. You know, all the great music that you send me that I have in my iPod. Yes. And you know how much I love to get to. Yes. I can't listen to it. Oh, no. Just because we're a different person. I'm trying to get with somebody inspired by my God. You see one thing about all you people that want to meet any of us or meet, you know, big celebrities don't. Yeah. Don't because rarely will it be up to your expectations. It'll almost always be disappointing bitterly disappointing or just a total disaster. One race three. Am I right? Oh, and in my case, it's guaranteed. What do you mean by that? If they met you and meet me, they're always like, yeah, but let's face it. When you go on those appearances, it'll look at the other way around from your perspective. Yeah, no. There you go. See, you've got you got the thumb up on them. It's probably best thing for everyone that we don't meet. Right. That's what the way I feel about it. It's just like my kind of back to the station man is going to happen. No. No. You know, there's no people including, you know, our management people and the sales manager guy. And they 400 new sales people. Well, let me forget the next Thursday. We're going to tell you about that spot. I was referring to the other day. Okay. 27 past one. Josh, which one it is, he would like me quick speeds. The latest features and security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust. The SL man is for like 400 year old people for grandma fund. Call today and get the best off for the year. I'd Comcast high speed internet for just 24.95 a month, for 6 months. Plus Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8-meg premium speed to your free. With an always on connection speed above the 8-megabits per second, Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL on five and up to 100 times faster than dial up. God, whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of these. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features like video mail, Comcast radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be name in a few. Not only that, but also give free mac and PC-cardi tools included so you can always be assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure and annual savings of over 100 bucks just for the security alone. So what could you possibly be waiting for? Start doing a lot more faster than ever before. So not for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 a month or six months in date call 3.05 Comcast and in 9.54 Comcast call today for the tail certain restrictions of this is Neo Rogers. suffering from a burning ring of fire burns burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn, don't let those flames get higher, use preparation 8. Lay down some cash for preparation 8. We take you now to New York's Grand Central Station where two of America's worst singers are begging for money. Ladies and gentlemen, the bad street boys. Hey, I'm a dollar. Give us a dollar. I'm going to give you a dollar. For the appreciation of the music. That was horrible. We take requests. We appreciate you. He doesn't like Billy Joel. How about a little Elton John? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm a dollar, man. It's not a dollar shot. My name is Vita's go so fast. Yeah, I think my ears are bleeding from that one. What's the matter with you? You guys are horrible. Why the hell are you helping me? You know what? How about some of the kids? Have a little Christina Aguera and beautiful. You're a beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful. You know what? You're $10. All right. Be quiet. Stop singing. I really got to go. Wait a minute for that. We've got to do something a little special. I don't go or no. No. You are the sunshine of my life. I'm a little boy. She's not new without me not boo. Wherever you are around I'm smiling. Yeah, thank you, sir. That honestly left me speechless. I knew. I was a bad street boys. The best street boys. On 34 or 560, every kid we got the award winning Evan Cohen. Come up with the clock. You say, what award are you talking about? The Jim Sarnier award. And then we got the Curtis Stevenson and four. Lee Flee, a Feldman and Craig Mishett, seven o'clock fall by the etiquette show from Showgirls. Show. Show us can be 760 votes on a poll. We need 40 in 26 minutes. So it's like 1.5 minutes. So give a, at least a half a vote. Okay. I eat. How did I hit this poll? Do they go set up a little bit? Huh? Let's look. Can you find it? I can't even find it. That's every day out. Yeah. It's got a dozen. See, I told you, none of the above has got 15. And that's got a dozen. So we make the 800. We can thanks to my first capacity of having Josh put those on there. So originally I said 750. I probably should have left that alone tonight. I always thought predestined the bar too high. So I'd be on doing a sports show and software to expect more than a one share. Maybe a little teeny bit more. Like Daniel Abastity would at 1.2 and afternoon drive. Oh my god. Oh my goodness. 1.2 and men. 1.2 share and men. What kind of a pansy has a number like that? I said you who put them over the top. You know who it is? Oh, two gots. A real weiner. 763 on the poll. What public figures death affected you the most? John F. Kennedy, one ninety seven. John Lennon, eighty five. They were in heart. Fifty seven. It just leaves me. I don't know. I get chupilkies looking at it on the screen. They were in heart. Phil Hartman forty seven. Bobby for twenty seven. Diana twenty four. John Bollucci twenty three. I'm only going to do twenty or more. Kurt Cobain twenty one and Bobby Kennedy twenty. After that kind of small potatoes. How could Marlon Brando only have a first of all. Why would that affect you that much? He was it was six hundred pounds. He was in grotesque. He was trying to kill himself with food anyway. Right. He stopped making movies a long time. Yeah. Old news. I mean, what's the time of 100 years ago he was great for. Right. He can't live in the past forever. What are why? What are you going to make you take his service with. Thanks, there are we know in a Palm Beach post rights time for limba and total to be model citizens. You know, we read this during the break and you're something like that. It's crap. Okay. Well, let me expect by a comments in a Palm Beach post. So it's a bit of suggested it. And I'm not going to do a sock. And he's socking. They're like hypocrites in, you know. Right. So I don't know, but nobody's. And they're quick wasting all of our time with your inability to follow the law. Robert shear, we're now. Your other. Her French has been on a Palm Beach post a Robert shear. Give us Robert. If it's graceful attack on the New York Times and his usual Robert is absolutely correct. He said the Bush administration's Jeha, against newspapers that reported on a secret program to monitor the personal banking records of unsuspecting citizens is more important than the original story. For what the president and his spokesman are once again asserting is that the prosecutors of this ill defined ill-defined, open-ended war on terror inevitably trumps basic democratic rights in general, and the constitutionally enshrined freedom of the press in particular. The states are very high here. We've already been told that we must put up with the official lies about weapons of mass destruction or rack. You know, press ended in torture or prisoners of war, and a massive electronic eavesdropping program in other invasions of privacy. Now the target is more basic. The freedom of the press report on such nefarious government activities. The argument in defense of this has solved on freedom is the familiar refrain of dictators wannabe and real, who grasped her power to expense it a democracy. We're in a war within an army so powerful and devious that we can't afford the safeguard of transparent and accountable governments. We're at war with a bunch of people to honor her to the United States of America, and for people to leak that program for a newspaper to publish it, does great harm to the United States of America boosts it on Monday? The bunch of people, who was originally believed to be those behind the 9-11 attacks specifically or some of it alive, and is decentralized outcut of terrorist organization. Yet, Bush, proud to buy the neocon, click. Quickly, I expanded this war beyond what should have been a worldwide man-hunt for al-Qaeda operatives, and it would open a docked patient of Sato-Husain's Iraq, which as we know from the 9-11 Commission report had nothing to do with al-Qaeda or 9-11. In fact, if the media or Congress had aggressively pursued the truth earlier, rather than being overwhelmed by the shock of 9-11, anti-US terrorist of every straf would not now be swarming over Iraq. Nor would the degenerating situation in Afghanistan, and the enhanced power for logistics and addicts throughout the Middle East from Tehran to Gaza, post such threats to peace of a fully informed public at Elders' present in check. Even today, the Bush administration continues to place the situation in Iraq in the war on terror framework instead of acknowledging the primary role of religious and nationalist passions, unleashed by the unborn U.S. invasion. As Bush has continued to stretch it to cover all of his leadership failings, the war on terror has become a meaningless phrase to be avoided for the political convenience of the moment. Terrorism which had be treated clinically as a dangerous pathology, threatening all modern societies, and citizens seized upon his and all purpose propaganda opportunity for consolidate immiscipline situation's political power. In such a situation of press as role as a conduit of both information and debate is more essential than ever. Freedom of the press enshrined in our constitution of the time when our fragile nation was besieged by enemies of the new Republic is not an indulgence to be allowed in safe periods, but rather an indispensable tool for keeping ourselves safe. That's just the point that vice president Dick Cheney, the high-crease of excessive secrecy, even in domestic matters such as refusing to reveal the content of his negotiation with and Ron Lobby's and Premier Administration's energy policy, is been on of skeuring. Some in the press, in particular the New York Times, have made the job of defending the inspiratory to text more difficult to Cheney, all but calling the newspaper traitorous. How convenient to leave out the Wall Street Journal which editorily supports the administration which also cover this latest example of Bush's abusive power in its news pages on the same day. Administrations attack on the times, in fact, is that we'd be about national security, but rather follows a domestic political agenda that requires attacking free media to dear to offer criticism. On Monday following the pattern, Cheney also would take the time's earlier disclosure that the NSA had simply ignored the legal requirement of court warrants and monitoring telephone calls. I think that is a disgrace he said at the time, swimming a puberty prize for the story. What is truly a disgrace, though, is an administration that's consistently be seen the public about its intentions and which continues to shamelessly exploit post 9-11 fears to ensure its grip on the body politic. I'm going to put a better myself. I'm going to go on a bowie here, a little bit too liberal for the LA Times. Twenty-before-two, we're going to make that 800 or what. If we do, I think man, no tardis, no holdmas back then. Get out to party favors. 775, I think we're alive, baby. I think this reinforces alive. And it's thunder ring and man, I tell you, it's a little on the murky side out there. I think it's going to rain like up here. I think it's a two-way thing. Well, that's because God is pretty peo. That's why we handle those floods in Brown, Washington, D.C. area. God has pissed off at the Bush grud at the fascists. So didn't you people learn your lesson from me at all, Hitler from the Nazis and W.W.W.W. and Nazi Germany didn't you learn your lesson. Dabbling with fascism made the way to go. Unless of course your name is full-hencio Batista. Then it's okay. Isn't that correct? C.C. 1-41. I think we're going to make this say it 100 man. And if we do, then Evan can come on at, you know, two o'clock. Otherwise, we'll have to stay on your longer. 770-8. We need 20 to 90 minutes. That's just barely over one minute. That's Charles Play, right? Right. How much you even if they go? Oh, could do that. Well, see you there, man. Let's just. Hey, if you're a cigar smoker, I'd like to see that. Think about that. I think your business again. I'd like to kick back with a good premium brand and be he a cigar's by Tony Barhani is for you. These are the finds cigars are made with first grade tobacco, processed in ages up to 10 years. In fact, as old as this copy, but he is a real boutique cigar. Make respect to lies. You can small bags hard to find tobacco. But he had gold of flags for Blang at the 91 rating by cigar Fissie Notta cigar and Cider and a 9-po1 rating by Schwoep magazine. This rich flavored web balance full body, Nick or Wagwan cigars better if he hits the dark rose coffee, chocolates, spicy pepper flavors. Also be sure to check out their behavior the sale. Need to say was the hottest release of guard last ten months against the high rating of 91 by Fissie Notta cigar and Cider magazine. It's a powerful cigar. I have a little tear your lungs out, your tongue, your cheeks, your gums, everything with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with the visual spice and an order to try wood. If you want to save the bunny on your behavior cigars when you call, this mention my name will say 40% off the cost of all your behavior cigars. Just tell them that ancient real Rodgers tour to the call, 1 835 behavior. That's 1 800 35 B.A.H.I. A. This is Neil Rodgers. Yes, this is 5.62 A.F. Culture is a fascist party dog. Culture is a fascist party dog. Culture is a fascist party dog. Who's music? Hey, don't you feel? See, they can't fool us. We are the looted lamb. We live in a free country. That always brag about being free. Imagine how frustrating it can be. I can't say a word that the game with C. Culture is a woman. Hands a man. With an item's apple and giant hands. Culture is a woman. Hands a man. But that will turn you on. Come on. That will turn you on. Well, and it's a group of three public kids. Who likes to flash a skinny gown. With no background, all she can do. It's my honor back and say kill the Jews. Culture is a right way to partisan thing. Kill a mini skirt and nylon wind. Nothing bad will ever happen in him. Because evil always wins you, Tim. Evil always wins. Well, when she's on TV, you fools. Blankly stare with a little drool. And laugh along with the hateful swill. A partisan funded side choke, Bill. Culture is a fashion party doll. Culture is a fashion party doll. Culture is a fashion party doll. Whose music is a doll? You feel? See, they hateful spew. You feel? You. You. Yes. You get your flat, you wore. Absolutely. It's 146. We only need just a few votes. We got 177, 13 votes for 800. How do you like that? See, I, and it's like when you go in a supermarket and you put your items out there in a counter and then you reach in your wallet. And if you've done enough shopping in your lifetime, you have a pretty good idea of how much is going to be. All right, he pulled off 220s and it's like 38. Fifty-six. You know what I'm saying? You can do that after a while. Got enough experience. I think we're doing this craft here. I mean, this great show. We know, can you imagine how far we'd be over 1000 right now if Eric wouldn't have screwed us up last night, we'll bet? Yeah, but what difference does that make? No, but that made it more of a challenge today just to get to the 800, which we haven't got there yet. And it's sundering out there, man, and the rain I'm sure is going to be coming down. Oh, man. I'm going to have to take my umbrella. Got one. Not that all the guys are wearing pink shirts is okay, like to buy a pink umbrella, like a parasol. Yeah, with frill around the edges. Yeah, I mean, if you can spray your arms with aerosol, like can you carry a little parasol, make sure you spin it while you walk. Oh, yeah. That would have been good this last Sunday. 789. Oh, yeah, on the Pride day. I've got a change in name of that to shame day, because many of us are ashamed when at any rate. Most national security experts of all strives say America is losing the war on terror, according to a cops news article I hit the wires today by Bob Deans. He says the US is losing its fight against terrorism and he records the biggest reason why more than eight of 10 American terrorism and national security experts conclude they pull release yesterday. One participant in the survey, a former CIA official who described himself as a conservative Republican, said the war in Iraq has provided global terrorist groups with a recruiting bananza, a valuable training ground, and a strategic detail of the crossroads of the Orbits Persian Gulf and Turkey, the traditional land bridge looking in the Middle East to Europe. The war in Iraq broke our back in the war on terror, so the former official Michael Schoier, the author of Imperial Huber say popular book, highly critical of the Bush administration's anti-terrorism efforts. It is made everything more difficult than the threat more existential. Surely a former counterterrorism, I swear with the CIA, is one of a hundred national security and terrorism aimless who were surveyed this spring for the pull by foreign policy magazine and a center for American progress, a lovely and insignificant hit of by John Padesda, who is why how she faced after any Clinton administration. Can you hear the a thunder out there? Uh-huh. Wow. First time we've had this in a long time, I think God is cleansing those machines that would bind a new way of force and machines that are doing quick. Of the experts query, what can we say that? 45 identified themselves as the level, 40% said they were moderates and 31% called themselves conservatives. We're losing a war on terror, baby, and that's because we're putting all of our eggs in a wrong casket, and a lot of innocent people in casket, too. And a public sits by and it worried about the, uh, well, I think that's so many of these news show called reality shows that I can't even keep track, just from the promos. I've heard her on and, uh, and then they've got only spin off now in American Idol and maybe you're going to get voted, uh, the biggest jackass in the world. It's just, it's just amazing to make. It's all a new buzzword anyway, they're all just game shows dressed up. Is that what they are? Is that a dress up or they have a pink purse all? Probably. Maybe they just have a pink pair. 795 votes on a poll. We're going to make that 800 easy. There's another big crash of thunder, can you hear it? Oh, look. Oh my God. What's going on over here? I've been looking on the radar just to make sure that my life ain't in jeopardy speaking of a bad game show on the, the reshow and the summer reruns. You know, there's nothing worse than watching a game show that you already saw before. Right. First of all, I mean, let's see that Alzheimer's, you know, all the answers. And secondly, it's the same boring people again. Right now on now on wheel of torture to show and the reruns from poor waterdale. 798, when we get 800, it's going to be great. You're going to hear it. Get sure I'm going to hear this sound. And that's going to mean we got 800. Okay. How about you're both of you when I said, let's say, let's make the boy wait 100. Oh, there he goes again, making unrealistic expectations, you know, what was the most important thing in that? I thought, oh, there he goes again, caring. I didn't, I didn't say that I care. Okay. But you got to admit at least I put on a good act and I pretend that I care. Oh, I got me convinced. Well, good. That's your actual thing. You think you think I care whether we, huh? Oh, yeah, you're all wrapped up. I'm whipped up into a frenzy about it. I'm also, I said it about this as you are about watching a rest of network. Why don't you give another shot? He's still got it. No, look, oh yeah, I actually have it. I only get a bag of coke this time. Yeah, that's it. Get something, keep your, keep your, oh, I'm not going to say you're bad. Your coke only a druggy like George would make some kind of a comment like that on the year. I would tell you that off the year. Seven, I need two more votes. Come on, I want to be, I guess I scared them when I said, oh, I'm looking at we got the 800 now. See, you see how worse on there's the vulnerable and I wonder what their lattice. I'm going to tell them I got an package. What day of the week is it? It's Tuesday? Yeah. That's from my friends with my blackberry to think when that being fantastic, that would be spectacular. Wow. I wouldn't hold my breath, although it is thundering and like the end of the day. Wow. I better have better run to lunch real quick. 152 at 5.60, W2M, Evan Cohen. I think this is going to be Evan's first show like in like on a weekday, isn't it? Like in about people are awake? I don't know. I do believe so. And anyway, by the way, the search is still off for Troy, Stratford, send a search party out for Troy. And this is obviously not a, somebody's just ringing that thing and ringing that to them. Hurricane season is here as you well know. Don't wait till it's too late to protect your home hurricane. Shut a route. Let us go. You're doing it yourself. Hurricane panels. This is a smart way to go. A lot of other those big home improvement warehouses when a hurricane shut a route. Is your complete source for hurricane protection? They've got everything you need to get to job. Don't save you some big cash. They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels that are cut to your knees ready for pickup or delivery. All products are Dave Rowan and Palm Beach County approved too. Contractors and installers are welcome in the accept all major credit cards. They grow in Palm Beach County approved. Step by step instructions are included. So why would you want to pay all the extra money for installation when the hurricane shut our outlet and get you everything you need to do with yourself and save you with ton of cash? Call them at 9.542377083 or log under their website. Hurricane shut our outlet.com. Be sure to tell them that Neil told you to call and you'll find them by the way at 600 and symbol of our inhalandale on East Side of Island on E5 between Helendale Beach Boulevard and Pembroke Road. Here's that number of Jim. Call 9.542377083 if you're interested in my name. You'll get yourself $100 savings off a minimum order 350 square feet. That's the Hurricane Shut our outlet 9.542377083 or on the web. Hurricane Shut our outlets.com. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62A6. Let's up you some more prisoners. They'll scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a fat treat. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game in the touch. It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. I died on the air. Go like all the hard burn. No, no, no, no, no. Every time I see. No, no, no, no, no. Every time I see. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Please branded them. Subscribe, הם�! And an article is here today. I know now I'm forever one to you! Never vain, ever vain Twirl it for me. Urgent, present in the sunshine. Cause I don't have- Grat- It's coal! And the world comes more And yet we go over it more If you want this Don't go, don't go, it's from the city Don't go, don't go, don't go And this world is rich yet Don't go, don't go, don't go Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go Don't go, don't go, don't go You don't know what it's all You got a man by hook or throw a corporation All right, those were the best You went down by a hook or a thief We've got a great leader With president's own Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Oh, brother, go Fuck Okay, one could be nine I'm not starting here Evan Cohen is coming up in that two to four revolving slut Let's do a good job today Evan, okay, they might be like, like Luke Gerard You know, hey, while you're in home here, glove What do you think? Okay I think it's a fine job Although Maddox is going to be doing two So let me even remind up doing morning drive Maybe he ever will be I'm like from six to six p.m. Just do a good job And then don't talk too much about Fuck Yeah I hate talking about whatever he wants I'm not telling anybody how to do their show Just don't talk about our win bag In fact, I think that's one of the best things that Evan's got going for him And probably Curtis as well And even Gellie is that they're not Ira When you think I'd imagine Well, listen, have a split and a week And I'm going to see if I can like a bulk up for just tough schedule Next week