Get out of here. The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guests, and caller. Two, one, enjoy one of the big brags. Oh, great. Staffed advertisers for agencies. Wow. The biggest need. Show me two, one, say another teller. Don't make you watch me in the past. Part five, 60. Right. Not any Ford Lutter Day. I can't you. Goodbye, and Brum's failed. Drop dead and learning hell is. It's much too late to confess that I ride was just for oil. We hope you die of festering more. Such a loop of you know you're pretty stinking old. But even never dies a hour bowed a nice refreshing dawn on the warm aboard. That your house at black warmer as soon as I'm dry. And there were many unknowns and no you didn't know that was the world unknown. Until the German, a bad reply to a constant situation can. You're gonna come to God for a second, see. As quickly as they can. Just like bush on down, your belly and the stairs. So just think of what about Brady Quinn's. I'm sorry, Tom Brady said I'm Brady Quinn's body. That's my that's my new goal. The designer, you know, can be old doc Frankenstein there. 10 out to a five 60 WQM happy Wednesday. Remember 15. It's WW. It's wood by Wednesday. I mean George is going to be putting up that new pole for tomorrow. Even though I already sent it along. Or maybe he'll just be in the drunken stupor by that time this afternoon. Or maybe he'll be up at ghost stream with a hot machine man. But I doubt it. Right. We'll get to that. So anyway, I was a Googling right before the show too and interrupted my Googling there. I was finding some really interesting. You know, if you Google almost anything and you figure out, can't possibly be on there. You know, it's a pretty Brady Quinn shirtless. I just I just Google. I just just to see if there was like any pictures. Wow. Well. Anyway. I actually Tom Brady from the chin down. He ain't nothing. You know, he's got a really weak body. I just mentioned that for a new facts. I mean, are you ladies out there? Here's some really great news. For all of us fat people or a trolley's trying to rationalize our average unacceptable self-destructive behavior. Two tablespoons full of dark chocolate a day is good for your health and new study is fine. They keep coming up with these new studies. If you drink like a gallon of wine every day and you drink like any eat like ten tubs a dark chocolate. The sweet treat as a similar biochemical effect to aspirin and can reduce the likelihood of blood clotting. You won't be saying, oh, a clot or a clog. Researchers at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and Bloomberg School of Public Health made that discovery when 139 people were disqualified from a larger study looking at the effects of aspirin on blood platelets. These offenders or tool or whatever they're going to be a good grandson or collect just vanished. Should that have been platelets? I'm a good person. Never mind. Blood platelets. Are you interrupting in the correcting me again? No, it was Josh. These offenders were tooled to refrain from indulging in a number of foods known to affect platelet activity, including chocolate. But they could not break their habit. Professor Diane Becker said, what these chocolate offenders taught us is that the chemical and cocoa beans has a biochemical effects similar to aspirin and reducing platelet clumping or flatlet. Which can be fatal if it platforms in blocks of blood vessel causing a heart attack. And you'll be squealing. I'm dying out of the hair. Researchers have known for nearly two decades that dark chocolate and lower blood pressure has got other beneficial effects. I'm going to go out and give me some dark chocolate right now. The latest findings which will be presented at the American Heart Association, January, Santa Fe, Excessions in Chicago identified the effect of normal everyday doses of chocolate found in ordinary foods. What does that mean? Normal everyday doses of chocolate found in ordinary foods like what? I give up. Putting? I want to list. Yellow pudding? My coffee every morning? Eating a little bit of chocolate or having a drink, a hot cocoa, see there you go, as part of regular diet is probably good for personal health. So long as people don't eat too much of it, and too much of the kind would lots of butter and sugar for Professor Becker said. Wow. How do you like that? So the butter one is a bit more accurate. It's good for you and my Robert Eater. Eat lots of cocoa. Anyway moving along. Oh, got some bad news. All you have no idea who she was, which was your hot out of touch. That's right. I don't know when it's supposed to be out of touch. I'm looking at that shirt list series of pictures of Brady Quinn. I'm thinking out of to be in touch with that. But anyway, that's what happens when you get to be a horny old fag man. You look at something like that and you say, wow. Look at that. And you people think there's a god? Oh. I look in the mirror and I see me sitting here in my box of shorts with this big gut hanging out like grow tisk. And then I look at that picture and I think there's a god created both of us. I don't think so. Anyway. Athlete range, who's fight against decaying, segregated schools, lunch day, historic political career that took her to city hall. Tallahassee and Washington died last night of cancer. Family said she was 91. Who? Athlete range. She was a great local black lady activist. Range went from cleaning railroad cars and segregated Miami to advising the White House and scores of state and local power brokers. In the 1960s, she became the first African American to serve on the Miami City Commission. Next decades, our become the first black and woman and Florida history to serve in a high-ranking state government post as director of the Department of Community Affairs. And former president Jim MacArthur reported her to serve on the National Railroad Pass and your corporation. A power broker herself arranged lunch to careers of today's leaders including former US representatives of the country. Former US representative Kerry Meek. She knew more about politics than anyone I know, meek said last night she taught me humility first and foremost. She taught me to go out and talk with little people in the community who know what else to talk about. She took me to places in the community where other people didn't go. Everyone from US presidents downcored at ranges favor they knew she could bring in the vote when it counted in the close selection. She helped Metro Railbecome reality. Well nobody's perfect. And another close referendum she led the fight to the fee day proposed property tax rollback. Remember that? Nope. There you do and I was given all all accredited from that goofball. I used to do the traffic or the way that they vogue of. Even in a later, you know that Joey G. Call was really funny for about 10 seconds. Even in her later years she continued to mentor up and coming from a political aspirin like the late art teal and former Calate art teal. And former County Commissioner Barbara Kerry Schuyer. She did so many things to improve the quality of life. She was going to want to thank Kerry Schuyer. She took us into the 21st century. This tall, visibly frail and with a fairly audible voice. This fall, visibly frail with a fairly audible voice. Range campaign for Audrey Edminson during the race to retain her seat on the date count of commission. She also advised Michelle Spencer Jones a current. Miami City Commissioner. It goes on in our great life. And she was a great lady. And she's dead. She was 91 though. She was certainly old enough. I'm not sure 90 and a half. I guess my mother figured 91 was not enough. I kept trying to tell her 90 was old enough. 700 and so we got to do yesterdays. Pull 18 every 92 votes. That is impressive. Isn't it? Yes. Sure. What I've heard over 16 every during the show. But that was pretty heavy duty. What's the biggest phony of them all? No contest. 1892 was the total and Rush Limbaugh had almost 40% of them. But it was $104 for Phil Poppin. Fony Bologna Fadass Rush. Reverend Ted Haggard had $281. He just wanted to massage it. Bill Oralee 204. Dr. Phil was right on bills asked all the way through. They were neck and neck nose to nose. As to ask, $193 for the umptious Fony Bologna Dr. Phil. Oprah had 104. I'm glad to see she broke the century mark. That untounded Fony bitch. Fadass Governor's year of $196. One good thing about this show is we don't believe in calm people names. No. Like what? Jesse Jackson 66 like Ben S. Governor. I hate this poll only 51. A mere 2.6% on nearly $194. That is a real feather in my crap. A Miss Mark Foley she had 48. G. Dogged about $147 right on Mark S. Julie Rerman had 34 and Nancy Grace Fran had only 19. That's really surprising. Even the audience just figure she's small potatoes and they don't care about her or they like her a lot. I don't know if I can't imagine that. She's small potatoes. Yeah. Nobody watches corny. She's like cranky potentially. She's small potatoes. What TV is for like women? Which religious group is she's not I'm just on court TV. She's on headline news now. Yeah. She's all she's everywhere. She's like a gigantic malignant tumor. It's all over your cable and all over your antenna. It's all over the place. But there is a headline news. What's in the smile could it be life long happiness and one groundbreaking. She's very nice looking at the check there. But she has no business. She's like I can already tell in 10 seconds. I can tell she's like one step away from Katie Kirk. What a slightly darker complexion. Katie you're out of your early honey. You're way out of your league. You're in the wrong profession. I'll sweet right. You're a new you're a news reader like I'm a week in. Professional apple shaking like a leaf. Like I'm a lot kind of college quarterback. So do you go with that Brady Quinn crap again if Josh wouldn't have started talking about Brady Quinn. Anyway, Josh didn't watch Max point which were pretty peoted him about that. Even his Russian girlfriend has seen that. She ruined it. And she's starting to try to ruin it for a Josh. We all said that what's your name dies in the end. Well, we didn't say which one. Well, actually there are two people died. Seven or 87 votes out of days. Pull which religious group is most militant across some of the people in the audience. So already know they're saying this is a repeat knee. You've done this before. Wait, you know what? Too bad. You mama so sucks in hell. Too bad. We reserve the right. Since they want these damn polls, didn't they just tell us a couple days ago. They want to polls. They like them. Nothing's wrong with them. Keep them going. Well, that's it. We didn't say we're going to come up with a new one every single day. They said they were fine. They said they're just fine. And I think this one's fine too. I was in votes by the time we get out of here at 2 o'clock. By the time I get in that cabin head for woodbine on woodbine Wednesday. And George heads for his drug dealer on the corner there. 787 on the poll so far today. Which religious group is the most militant? Born again Christians 392. They blow away the Muslims. See a lot of people think it's the other way around. Born again Christians 392 Muslims 201. Scientists are losing surprisingly well. They're a doozy. They got 67. I hate this poll. 475.8% now. Now intense. Crybaby. Wasn't that the Johnny Death movie? Crybaby? Yeah, was it was real. That's stupid. A little girl. Catholic's 43 in Orthodox Jews 41. I was 799. Or under 4 to 800. I bet if I refresh it it'll be over 800 vote. And it is 803. And Orthodox Jews are in last place as usual. What are they doing at the wailing wall? Whaling? That's it. They're wailing. They're throwing rocks at the women baby. They're acting as a far business they can. Maybe they're moving as far business they want to be. That was a song by Luther Campbell. From an accepted table. Look at that line up. We got the mad dog at 2. They power our with hand can a mad dog together. 4 to 5. Actually that's from the QM showers. 5 to 7. It's the hump or solo. And then we haven't got no game tonight. Oh, that's bad. Because when we have no game to fill in that time at night we put some real swirl on here. We got hurricane hotline. A game works in the shafted sense at place from 7 to 9. College tailgate presented by the FedEx Orange Bowl. 9 to 10. And then Craig Mishes in for a decade and I'd ten or two. What the hell's that all about it? He can't take it and died off. Who the hell's he think he is? Who the hell is he? Oh, he's on his way to Vegas. Because I see tomorrow 80K's on from Vegas. But turning 80K loose in Vegas is like turning a little kid loose in a candy shop. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Like turning a hornier teenager loose in an Amsterdam. 10 13 at 5 60 WQA in a... Neon God. Let's all rise for the new speaker of the house. Geldy Pelosi. I don't know. But I've always thought of a business. I say we are going to peach null five. Because then we don't have those kind of balls. Now see here. I can't. Now finish those thoughts up and say about doing some my lunches. Right, no, he's saying that for this bill. I did it to do Mrs. Speaker. Who the hell are you? Well, how do you know? I am none other than Mo, how would it be? It represents a precinct of 13 of prestigious Indian town in Florida. Yes, so. I propose we were born. I think it might down. Yeah. I think it might down. I think it shows back on. But he thinks it's his key. But I was just getting little watermelon. Was you about to see something about removing the national God from Iraq? No, no. There ain't no national God there. I keep trying to tell everybody that. Then why don't we want? I propose we removed the way to the God, to the death. From our plan of allegiance and replace it with the way to the death. Boy. God. When nation under. Absolutely. Did it annoy? And the Jeep Liberty for all. God. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Accelerator. Accelerator. Yeah. 1018 at five, 60, WQM. And by the way, Julie G, who is that last caller there on the morning show on Kenny and Bow. Yeah. If the jet's so great, if the pizza's so great, if everything else into people are so great, if New York is so great. And this is the same thing we want to say to all the other mouth content New Yorkers are always bitching and moaning and convention. Why don't you go back to New York? And that's how I have a capital idea. Ain't that the standard line? Why are you here worrying about it New York? And they'll be there. See, I could be in South Florida whining about it, but I'm not. I'm not in South Florida, but I'm also not going to complain about it. As you hate it down here, why don't you go to Tantan and there something? Exactly. That sounds like a hell of a good idea. 828 votes on the pool today. And the Earth of Oxford's News is she'll holding up the rear. We got some exciting news in town today, baby. Forget about New York. This is a, you know, it goes to sure it though how far behind the state of Florida is. And the stone age it is, it's always the same because a bunch of drooling, Bible-thumping Rednecks basically run at state. That's the problem with Florida. I mean, there's a lot of beautiful places in the palm trees and the ocean and, you know, all of these things. But there's a lot of old, crusty nasty and especially, you know, in the rest of the states. South Florida is like a bastion of progressive thinking, you know, compared to the rest of the state. The first law's biggest downslot my sheen start running in Brow today. How do you like that? WHAAAAAT! A rat! Moments said that the way this is written in the Sun's semilitist is amusing. You know, it's hysterical. Like something where, like the first automobile is going to be on a, on a dirt road in the date county today. You know, I'm saying, listen like that, revolutionary. Not silly. Moments after noon today, someone will press a button and may change the face of gambling in Florida. We'll change. They're going to change the face. I wish I could do that. By the way, if you Google Brady Quinn naked, you'll find some interesting things too. See, and I want you, well, what got me into all of that? Okay, I'm just sitting here mining my own business right away. What would you start with? Kind of a question is that. What got you into all of that? Being an old fact. Oh, I was going to say. It's just a rhetorical question. We're so defensive. We're just seeing the look on both the Josh and mine's faces. Like what a guy you want to see all the way to one of your faces. I want to see the look on Brady's face. Hey, Brady. They renovated Gumstein Park Racing in Cassini. We'll open its doors at noon today with the states first. Las Vegas, Dallas, Slot Machines. Oh my God. Oh my God. Hope you find a good machine, man. I want to go over there at noon to try it out. You'll better cut the crap right now. You are not going to be going over there. In addition to which, see, this is the good thing for you guys. Like I told you before the show. Because they hell on the El Beach Race track. Cassini received this state's final approval yesterday to open with 516 slots. Well, that's a fraction of what, you know, I mean, Paparos going to have 1500. I think Ghost Team is going to have the same. They're all going to, that's the limit. I believe thanks to your fan ask governor. But they're opening with just 516 slot machines, man. You're never going to get in all my sheen, man. The opening comes before ghosting Park even kicked off its ad campaign promoting its new venture. Park officials anticipate that word of mouth press coverage like on this show with all of our degenerate cameras out there. And the machines powerful lure will translate into a crowd today. The machine's powerful lure, like there's something intrinsically evil about a slot machine, if it's a cold dead machine, it's evil. Let me give you a little bit of advice, okay, on you plungers out there who are like novices with a slot machines. Don't sit there feeding the dead machine for hours on it. I learned that a long time ago, the hard way, expensive way. Don't sit there and feed a dead machine, man. Why not open today, said Paul McCoochi, the Parks President Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi, that's what I was thinking when I saw those naked pictures there. Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi, thousands of people have been calling us one day to come to the new Gulf stream without there was definitely a demand. We're happy to be open and we're ecstatic that they are open. Although I wish I was starting in Pomp and O Park, but they will literally next year. Slats drawing powers on this play yesterday in Pennsylvania as that states first, Slot parlors open, hundreds of gamblers, mostly senior citizens, OEV, waited hours in a foggy and visual to start plucking in money. They're going to lose their social security text too bad. Gamers were sitting before most of the casinos 1100 slots within ten minutes of more heat and sun at poking O'downs, unlocking its doors, at poking O'downs racetrack, makes people want to play at Jewish poking O'ads, but which I will. Gulf stream park, and by the way, I've got all these, wow, I've got a backlog here. I've got all kinds of, I've got about five discs with all kinds of stuff. So maybe I'll play a lot of bits today, why do you guys are plundering trying to find a good machine? Because it is wood by and Wednesday. Sure, I'll find a good machine, man. Gulf stream park is the first of proud counties for a pair of mutuals to open its slots room. Marty Grow, Ray Stratten casino, which she'll use to be Hollywood Greyhound track, Hope Stoop, and next month. It's been more than two years, two long, excruciating, freaking years, there's Carl Levin again with those stupid bifowls down to the tip of his nose. It's been more than two years since a statewide referendum, a lot of Broward voters to decide to have traditional slots at Gulf stream park, Marty Grow, pop at a park on his track and day in the high lie. Half of every dollar generated by the slots will go to Florida schools, a projected $2009 million once each of the premier mutuals has the maximum number slots a lot by state law, $1,500 machines, man. The slot machines are planned now. You guys ought to go over there just to take a look and see what they got just so you can report to us. Yeah, go ahead, Josh. All right, I'll be out of here at like an hour and 36 minutes. You can be there right in noon. You'll never get close to a million. I'll do a call and I'll tell you if I win. You'll never get even close. You know, let's have our roving reporter out there. Let's get that one of our like Orlando rock solid. Yeah, he's a real big shot, not the eye. The slot machines are class three gambling devices like those found in Vegas and Atlantic City. The seminal Trump currently has got class two slots. Less liquid of Vingo style machines, which I still don't understand. I don't want to understand. And at seven Florida casinos, but they're pushing to get the classroom machines too, as you can well understand. Gulf stream parks casino will be open from noon to midnight today. On Thursday, it'll be only open from noon to 6pm. So employees can prepare for an APM invitation only. Gila invitation only. Yeah, they can see in those regular hours of a noon to midnight from Sunday through Thursday and 2pm to 2am five days in Saturday. What? noon to midnight from Sunday through Thursday and 2pm to 2am Friday and Saturdays. Ask me when woodbind closes. What time does it? What about it? Never. Never. If you're in a mood to plunge 24-7, baby, every day of your life. You're in a mood to plunge 24-7. On Christmas, on boxing day, on tissue above, on some hustora, on you name it. They're open. They're ready to sit here to give you good time. Actually, last couple of months I've been doing pretty well, which don't, don't to lute yourself thinking that anybody's going to do pretty well. It's just a streak, you know what I'm saying? You go through those lucky streaks for a little while, and of course you lose your ass. But nevertheless, go over there and have a good time. Like they say it at a near-o-tb. But with your head, not over it. Not a cute saying. That at least you're head, not over it. In other words, with that translates to, is bring us all your money and go home. But don't mortgage the house, because then you can come. Bring us all your money, drop it off in a bag, and just go, you know, so I'm curious, maybe we'll get somebody will fax and send me ports, so later on. They'll have a good time. They'll have a good time. Noon, today, baby, slot machines. Those one aren't bandits, and I bet you fed us, Governor, is probably got wild diarrhea, just thinking about it. Oh, what do we do now? Oh, my God. And of course, the people, the jackasses at the Harold and the Sun Sentinel, especially the Harold. 850 votes, and of course, the lotteries are really good investment. Oh, man. You know, at least with the slots. I'll say this. At least you get a little bit of entertainment. You know, you get a little bit of fun, some action, a little bit of light, so. What's the fun with the lottery? I mean, unless, you know, you win something which you're not going to. What's the fun? What you can scratch it? Yeah, scratch this. No. 859 votes. Oh, there's Brady Quinn naked. Maltrass scratch in that. Scratch and sniff. Uh, which religious group is the most malignant born again, Christians for 119 Muslims, two 19, both night have been closed. See, all them Islamophashes that they're always talking about. It's the born again Christian fascist. That was we need to be very concerned about. Scientologist 74, I hate this 457, six points six percent, two bad probably the God squad, a bunch of getchies. Catholics only 47. I guess they never was any crusades or any four. I hate this 457, six points six percent, two bad probably the God squad. A bunch of getchies. Catholics only 47. I guess they never was any crusades or any inquisition or any child must and priest things like that. And orthodox Jews only 43. They're small potatoes because there's like so few of them, you know. But I'll tell you one thing for a very small group like that. They sure can be real far business. The biggest name is the Swiss channel. That's the basis. The Rogers sports radio 560. You A. God, your breath are beautiful. Hey, mom and dad, give your kids the hottest action figure of a year. Get mode Joe and the torture team. Go Joe! Push, get mode Joe's back and hear him bark out orders. Tell us where Osama is. Where are the WMDs? Connect the wire to occupants, genitals. That's right. Get mode Joe talks and he'll get the terrors talking with cool accessories like the waterboard. And the hand crank generator. Go Joe! Collect all the members of Get mode Joe's torture team including Wendy the Leach girl with life-like cigarette. Get naked and get on all fours. And get mode Joe's faithful companion, shots see the attack dog. Get mode Joe today. Get mode Joe, maybe a violation of the Geneva Convention parent should supervise all torture sessions. Badgers and uncles. Go Joe, yay! I have a feeling there's a lot of people in this radio station who would like to get mode Joe Joe Joe Joe. Nevertheless. Ten-thirty do it QM. Here's something we talked about weeks ago thanks to the inquire of thanks to the fact that I'm on top of all this crap. In a new TV interview in book OJ Simpson discusses how he would have committed the slings of his ex-wife and her friend if I did it hypothetically speaking. Right. Of course. The two part TV interview title OJ Simpson if I did it here's how it happened. Well, air in November 27th and November 29th on Fox, the TV network said yesterday on Fox. It would place for it. The home of everything fake. If I did it, my ass. OJ Simpson in his own words tells for the first time how we would have committed the murders. If he were the one responsible for the crime, have you ever in your life heard of anything so ludicrous, so ass-in-ine, so idiotic, so stupid, that lately. The network said. In the two part of N Simpson describes how he would have carried out the murders. He has vehemently not committed for over a decade. You are so full of it. You miserable ass-in-ine, you're the pressure to you. You phony-ballony, drug-doin-knife-wielding slimeball. I would say that, what does that espag? We can't say that. We'll get Joyce to say that. We say scum. We can say we this bag. This is an interview that no one thought would ever happen as the definitive last chapter in the travel of the century. Mike Darnell, executive vice president of alternative program for Fox News statement, the interview conducted with book publisher Judith Regan will air just days before Simpson's new book if I did, goes on sale November 30th. I wouldn't buy that if you pay me by the page to read it. Even Ms. Foley wouldn't touch a page of it. The book hypothetically describes how the murders would have been committed. That's what I've said. The book is published by Regan Books and In Print of Harper Collins Publishers. Simpson will now lose in Kendall, of course as we all know. What a sad situation that all the slime eventually like filters down the Hershey Highway and winds up, just trickling its way down the Florida P.C. led all the way to a South Florida. Isn't that just amazing? Just like Andrew Kinen and another murderer. In fact, let's stick OJ's ass in that houseboat and see if we can like enough his ass. That's the billboard, what the blood, what he's had. Simpson now lives in Kendall was acquitted in criminal law. He was later found liable in 1997 in the wrongful death. Losshood filed by the Goldman who haven't got a dime from. By the way, message is left with Simpson and is a turnier. Yent and Galanta were not returned last night. So I'd like that. So the book is coming off the 30th, which is let's see tomorrow's 60. Two weeks from tomorrow. We from tomorrow's Thanksgiving and I won't be on either George and Josh to go to day off to which he are. See, one thing about Josh, he just says, I'm not going to be here that day. I like that. I like the attitude. Of course, you know, when you get to think of this, you're going to be sleeping in this paycheck, there'll probably be a good reason for it, but nevertheless, who knows that here? Why? He learned that here from everybody else. What? I'm not going to be there that he feels like here. That's what I do to him. He feels like he's going to be there. I'm going to be there. Sure. In fact, I think I'm taking off a few days. I just just for the help of it. Not without pay, just, you know, just a few days here and there. Because I need a lot more time off. So I can go find me a good machine, man. Or maybe I can just go to South Bend and do the deep knee bends and South Bend. See if I can find Brady Quinn. Maybe he needs some companionship. You think? Not. See, isn't that the way we are? Then that's the way we are. Oh, well, somebody, whoever it is that we lost for, you know, they definitely need me. They need you like they need a hole in the head. As the finish say, they need you like a lock and cup. 890 votes 89 WLS. Well, I bet you got some of those jingles there. I don't, how come I don't have all those jingles that I should have? I don't know. I don't know. Do I have here better touch? I got this. WAPI CINY. I got that. Yeah. I have that too. I have the same thing you got. No, you don't. You've got WLS jingles. They're on a cart somewhere. I do look for them. Oh, sure. I think, at least we used to have them unless somebody ran off with them. Have a wonderful weekend under the new loyalty. My name. Wild. Oh, I hate that. Shame, man. Who is that with that Don Germano? Who is this saying that? Don and Mike. Oh, yeah, from the famous Don and Mike. He much does that with Don and Mike. Don, Drought about. 890 votes on the pool will have that 1000 easy and two shakes of a lamb still. Why do I keep saying that lately? When I started saying that, when we were talking about the shoe fly pie and Apple Panned out and you found that grotesque and don't you dare play it again by dining Sure. Okay. shoe fly pie. Now, Mike Campbell, trial of Germano, where 16th for P, I plead the ideal P on. The best music. How will you play this? How will you play this? How will you play this music? Do you know why was LASID a work to WLS when they went to talk? Yeah. Do you think about ABC man? I can't imagine why they went in the toilet. WABC, which was the, what are the great course? You know, music on a game, it was all done at that point. That would do something. So they went a regular talk on the ABC. WLS in Chicago, which was one of the really classic, one of the great, great radio stations in his to the radio business. Also went to talk. You're on Kalera and Lil Tommy. Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest. I remember you reporting about the little poodle that we've just waved its way through the traffic in Lake Forest, only to be splattered by a northwestern train. Well, as similar, it's not happened about a week ago involving a squirrel. My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch and Lake Forest last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on western Avenue. We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street. The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park. Oh, luckily though the squirrel's scampered across traffic in my friend that I were relieved that he was safe. Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street. They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path. The squirrel tried to avoid the squirrel, but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up with his phone. Oh, did. Four squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flung on the grass to our surprise that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away apparently. Oh, good. The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel. Luckily he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his mouth. That's right. There's a good message for all you kids out there. Listen in life, you can't run real fast when you got a mothful of nuts. Have you come on before 11 at 5, 60, WCM? We got mad dog at two. We got the dolphins. Our plan is in Minnesota this week. I have no idea. Boy, you are so out of touch man. You probably don't even know who your buck and ears are going to lose to this week. And I'm going to want to talk about how the Patriots plan this week. I almost forgot who the hell they are. Who are they playing? Green Bay. Is it? Yeah. Oh, good. I think we can kick the crap out of them. Let's see the dolphins are playing. All I don't have any idea who the dolphins are playing. Oh, it's Minnesota. Yes, Minnesota. And of course, Minnesota. The Patriots made minced meat out of Minnesota. Probably the dolphins are when they actually came to and then everybody's got we loved the dolphins. They're going all the way. And we're going to do the Super Bowl crap. It's the same all the time. People are keeping deluding themselves. People who are fans of a franchise that's living in the distant past. I like the Toronto make believe. Same thing. Living in the distant past back in the 60s. Those four Stanley cups. Way back then. Only remember about old farts like me. But nevertheless, hey, at least some franchises have a past. You know, as opposed to some that don't have any past and don't have any present, even Josh's team on a Super Bowl once upon a time, which nobody believed they would. I picked him to win it. And everybody said, oh, no, you're crazy, man. No chance. And they did. Remember that? Yeah, wouldn't that for longer? He'll wicks me up in the morning. He'll wicks me up with a smile. He'll turn me in the face. Drinking my coffee and my ginger, my don't run. We'll say a phone down. We'll say a phone down. We'll say a phone down. Why did you work in my room with the darling nail? We'll say a phone on my dog. We'll say a meal and pray. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For men who would like to appear to have a package that's Shakespeare, then check out what we're selling here with William Hanger, Manley, here in Wonderjack. Wonderjack? Wonderjack? Wonderjack? You, once I don't care. If I come first, modern copies, folding in front, Wonderjack. Wonderjack? Wonderjack? I wonder if Tom Brady and the Brady Quinn both were Wonderjocks. You know, just like both of you guys, and I'm sure we would not even ask him. I mean, you know, is there any doubt that if Scarlett Johansson left her panties behind like the studio there that you both be, haven't a hissy fit? Being a brawl to see who could get to him first. Well, there's a little, and I returned them to her. Yeah, right, returned my ass. Yeah, I'd like to. Anyway, Andrew Faxes and says, watch with the internet sound quality today. I'm not complaining because you guys sound fantastic. Alright. How do you like that? This is the second commentary. I also got an email from somebody saying, boy, I can hear you. I can hear you people just smack out in glass and you're part of the talk. Not much about Fagorean, the Brady Quinn naked. It's really clear, queer and clean. Usually, it sounds like you're talking through a toilet paper tube. A toilet paper. Thanks, Neil. And of course the obvious answer is 8-4. But that's beside the point, that was the best show. You don't think so? I wasn't listening then. I heard like two episodes of that show, so what you want? Of course, then you hated the word like poison then you turned on. So you can be a brawl that you'd like to get to know. I would say, this is the best show. I was too much of a guide. We read the story about the Mte, Fusi. we read a story about the MLA Fucy in those days. Yeah, I just took too much crap. Put up with too much garbage. Especially I do know this was a very different show because that was more of a morning zoo kind of thing. In morning zoo show, we had Captain Dave and the bird and he was true all the time. And he pulled it up with the place and there was music and everything. Yeah, when I just play, the great quality of those now. He'll be on the muddy side. We apologize for that. And then there's always... You're a wager, you know, for so four days. Right, we got that too. Anyway, this show used to be quite something else back in the day when we could really say something before they brought that bitch Joyce in there. And, you know, so to try to compare, it's just pointless. Isn't it, it's not comparing, moths and balls with the comquads. You just can't do it. Right. It's a different situation. What can do things we used to? 924 votes. Oh, we're gonna have a close to 1000 by the top of this hour. That is a real show of power. Yesterday, if you didn't listen yesterday, boy, it was a record-breaking moment this day and our poll, which that doesn't mean anything. We'd much rather have you read the bedtime stories. You might learn something. When we Josh? Oh, yeah. They're off to a good start today, and that's because somebody got the stories up there. In fact, we already got 275 reads on the most read story. And all of the yesterday went 286 on the Cheney story. That's bad. Monday and Tuesday this week, off to a really weak start on the bedtime stories. That makes us wonder, what the hell is going on out there, you know? Remember that scene in the network? I'm not saying what the F is going on out in Howard. Well, Howard Bealer, like, was it written on the... Yeah. And anyway, 920 votes on the poll. Let's get that to a 1000. We had over 16 hundred votes during the show yesterday. I believe the first time in the modern era. Maybe since Ali on days, I don't remember that far back, do you? No. I like to go to the history page on there, which here is very apologetic about, but I appreciate it very much here, because if I'm really stuck for a poll, like for today, for example, like this piece of crap, I mean, this great poll we got on today, I just go back and way, way back, and say, oh, yeah, we haven't done that in about four years. And this audience, they got like, they're memory, from one minute to the next, they can't remember, you know? And I don't blame them. Speaking of the radio business and how it used to be in this was this, and you know, you can't live in a past, baby, like the dolphins and the maple leaves and all these other sports team, you can't live in a past. What are you doing for us now? And I would suggest the same for the Patriots too, by the way. Can't live in a past, but I was a real stinko on Sunday. That was bad. And then the half the year that Jack asked that they kept on, I know it was only about a two minute phone call, seem like about two hours that Joey G or whatever his name was. You heard that, I'm sure at the end of the show. Yeah, that set up call that fake call there. Was that a fake call? Sounded like a today, but what do I know? Now, my, see there you go again. What? You are such a backstab, where I can't believe it. What do you do backstab or back? Pat, you're a good buddy, Kenny, that you were talking about what a good guy he is, not much you're like him, and you're giving counseling and how they're going to destroy his show and ruin his life. Right. And the guaranteed, the set all these roadblocks in a way to make sure he fails, which he will, but nevertheless, and now you're a rippin' I'm like suggesting it was a setup call. That's what it sounded like to me. Well, it was just went on forever. He just kept saying the same thing over and over again. All I'm glad that they found it was extremely funny. The auction for clear channel communications, the largest US radio station chain, was down to the wire last night. I'm gonna keep my eye on this. In fact, I better check with inside radio and outside radio and R and R and P and P and whatever. As one private equity group pulled out the race shortly before they could pull out of the race. Shortly before the company's board meant to decide its fate. There's nothing worse for it and pull it out just before the decisions been made before the moment is moment. They pulled out. Investment firms, Providence Equity Partners, Blackstone Group and Coldbird, Travis Roberts, appear to be the front runners just tracking the old clear channel that is founding family, the maze family, and a buyout worth at least $26 billion, including debt. But there was still a chance that it consortium composed of Bane Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners might emerge on top according to people familiar with the matter. That group previously included Texas Pacific Group. Actually, this might be old news. They might have already come up with, let's see, this is 440 this morning for my MFNBC. They might have finalized the deal. I don't know. Do you know? You think it's gonna change anything? Obviously not. Texas Pacific declined to comment on the reasons for its withdrawal. They dropped out just ahead of Monday's Delan for Bids. The buyers are clear channel expected to pay about $18 billion. They're close to $36 bucks you share for the company, and agreed to take on a further $8 billion in debt. The equity portion of the transaction could be worth as much as $5 billion. One of the largest ever people close to the talk said. To help finance the deal, the buyers have arranged financing packages worth about $21 billion from number of investment banks they added. Speaking of a Brady Quinn's package. Since it was founded in the 1970s by Lowry Maze, the Anxious Chairman, clear channel emerges one of the most powerful forces and one of the most evil forces in US media industry history. Evil. Evil being the opposite of word. Evil. The destroyers of radio stations that used to be great. The destroyers of careers lives. Listeners live. Whatever. It owns over 1200 radio stations with 3 to 110 million listeners each week, which explains a lot about the mental state of Americans. The Maze family was still runs a company through Mark Maze, the chief executive in Randall Maze, the chief financial officer, the CFO owns a 7% stake in a group in stands to repair worth about a billion dollars in a buyout. A billion dollars for these losers. How do you like that? For these go in. If we read this week, a deal would happen extraordinarily short period of public negotiations over the sale. Third channel formula launch the auction less than a month ago. Their shares closed down 8.8% to 3411 on yesterday. 0.8. And that's down from a year that 0.8. So that's an exaggeration. It was a 0.9, not a 0.8. Although it could be hidden in that direction. Especially if I have a lot more that do rosin house, steam, birth. Let's get Seth Wayne, Burgers own show. Oh, thanks other buddies on there. Come on. How about the Bino show? How about to Joe's a gacky show? That worked out really well. Remember when they used to do mid days? Was it Chris Moran and Joe's a gacky? And I don't remember who was Chris Moran. I don't remember who else was on there with. Oh my god. I think Joe's a gacky was on some days. There's a gacky. Sok, sok. OK. And anyway, they sure had some numbers back in those days. Micro-scopic, teeny weeny. 1055 at 5.60 WQM, Mad Dog at 2, the power hour between 4 and 5. We got no game. We got the Panthers and the Canadians tomorrow night. Right there in sunrise. There's a lot of frogs. They'll be there at the game. I just wanted that ahead of time. If you have an version to French Canadians like I do, you probably want to watch that on TV. Although I shouldn't say that. You really need to be there because boy, that seriously, they announced 12,000 for the capital game Monday night, which they lost for the one. And if there were 5,000 people or there was a lot, I want to quite a bit of that on TV. It was like, you could have picked your own section and a arena and gone bowling in there. And you know what Wayne said? He said, I'm not going to play that thing. Because I don't want to, I don't want you guys to say one thing. Remember that? Yeah, remember. That whole, long, bitchy, y'all. These bitchy billionaires. I would tell you something right now when you can mark a mark. Mark this. Robert County would change their mind and decide they want to build this for something I will not play here. Right. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something. I don't want to look at you for the next 10 minutes. OK, you make me want to gag and puked my guts out, Wayne. How's that? You puked Mark bowling. He's a human cubal. What do you? A lot of money. That's a good pull we ought to take. What very wealthy individual you hate like poison the most? Look at all the people under the meat. Good idea. So get George Steinbrenner and Donald Trump. Oh, my, oh, he gives me the willys. Speaking of the maze family. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. What? Any questions? Goodbye. At Bradley will miss you badly. You died along the line of journalists who are a dying breed. Even though you couldn't dance or say, you knew how to report and speak. Unlike the new newsbembo's, that's not to mention Katie Korik who would know the news. If you cram the news up her. You. Right, though. Who's up with pop or headphones? Who's I dear of the news? Is nonsense half a man? You, who? You see who he is? Not every TV viewer is as dumb as you. The CBS. I. Yeah. I. I. I don't want it. Five, six. You're W. K. W. M. Happy Wednesday. Two in November 15 will be in. What's the significance of that? I don't think there is any. Is there like some special day today? We from North Thanks. Given. And I'm thankful already for not having. November 15 will be in. What's the significance of that? I don't think there is any. Is there like some special day today? We from North Thanks. Given. And I'm thankful already for not having to work that day. Oh, that's good news. Yeah. Here's bad news. Three US soldiers and three US Marines were killed during combat in Iraq and military said today. One soldier assigned to the first brigade, first arm and division of these butchers. These murderers all by the way. Thanks to Green Van Day for that nice book they sent along. The 911 conspiracy book, whatever it holds called, it's a, I'm already read parts of it. Fascinating. Good. Did you see it? Did you get a copy of it? I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't care about you. I'm not very important. I said, you know, I did not unwrap your Christmas presence. The way that you would. Mississippi's Trent Lot is one of the number two positions GOP Senate leadership this morning. That's the old a pompom waving cheerleader. Miss Trent Lot. MSNBC reports it a lot. One by one vote over Senator, Tennessee Senator Lamar Alexander. Tonight a confident, or land on Wednesday night. That's interesting because that's tonight. I think they mean on Tuesday night a confident lot told CNN had enough votes to win. Last night. Oh, these people are so silly. That's who wrote this. I don't know. It's raw story. It's like hurting cats. You know a lot said like hurting cats. I didn't know they heard it cats. Did you? Of his step on him at her to me. In 2002 Lot was a bit of a microwave on high cook for about five minutes. In 2002 Lot was forced to resign from his minority leader position after remarks. He made it. The late Senator Strom Thurman's hundredth birthday party. I want to say this about my state when Strom Thurman ran from prison. We voted for him lots of December 2002 and we're proud of it. And if the rest of the country had followed our lead, we wouldn't have had all these problems all over the years. Either Lot said. Meaning, of course, with the dark folks. Racist pig. Thurman ran for prison as a Dixie-Cratten 40. There's a strong supporter of racial segregation. A real Yahoo Redneck. Strom Thurman. I want to tell you ladies and gentlemen that there's not enough troops in the army to force to Southern people to break down segregation and admit the Negro race into our theaters into our swimming pools into our homes into our churches. Thurman said in one speech in 1940, the Negro race and IGRA. You said that? You said that? You said that? You just like that. With several teeth missing, of course. But you're crem. All these crackers, man, like they're fooling somebody. And like something really has changed in the South. Absolutely. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Probably they just had the lynchings after dark now. You don't want nobody to concede. A woman who claims she was kicked off an airplane because she was breastfeeding her baby. But there's zero. A lot of hanky spanky going on in planes. Remember the story I yesterday about that couple of wooden stop, we're doing whatever they were doing on the plane. Except breastfeeding is, you know, is wholesome and nobody has the right to interfere with the rest of the people. The other half of us, who's son, was 22. That she was always as a joke. It's just a very bad joke. What she looked like. I don't know if she's 27. She looks like Scarlett Johansson. I will say this. I want to clarify. I don't want to get carried away because some of the pictures. You don't really look all like. Good, facially, Brady Quinn. I don't really know what he looks like. I've never seen him up close and personal. So I'll revise the comments I made before the last break. And I'll say, I would sniff his jock strap at only at half time. Not after the whole game was played. Okay. You want to say? No, there's at half time. I mean, how sweaty? Obviously, you know what I'm saying. But the end pretty sweaty. Pretty skinny. Pretty gamey by the all four quarters. In fact, I'd pay him four quarters is just for a little. Especially if it's a good gamey. A woman who claims she was kicked off an airplane because she was breastfeeding her baby has filed a complaint against two airlines her attorney said. Emily Gillette. I wonder if she looks sharp and feel sharp and I wonder if she shaves would Gillette. Emily Gillette, 27 of Santa Fe and New Mexico, found the complaint with the Vermont Human Rights Commission late last week against Delta Airlines and Freedom Airlines, said a returny. Elizabeth Boful. Freedom was operating the Delta Flight between Burlington and New York City. Freedom Airlines sounds like a puddle jumper to me. And I'm sure it is. If you let said she was discreetly breastfeeding your 22 month old daughter, October 13, discreetly, you know, as their flight preparedly, Burlington International Airport, she sent she was seated by the window in the next last row or husband was seated between her and the aisle and no part of her breast was showing. A flight attendant tried to hand her a blanket in turn to cover up to it, said she declined, telling the flight attendant she had a legal right to breastfeed her baby. Another one of these militant bitches. Militant. Militant. Doesn't have to live. No sense of these to see. Just whip it at booby right out. She was standing in the aisle with both of them out feeding the like squirting the milk into the baby's mouth from a distance. She has the legal right to do that. Moments later were Delta ticket agents in approach and said the flight attendant asked that the family be removed from the flight to let said she said she didn't want to make a scene and comply. It embarrassed me. That was my first reaction, which is a weird reaction for doing something so good for a child. She let said. A Freedom spokesman said she let was asked relief the flight after she declined the blanket. A breastfeeding mother is perfectly acceptable on an aircraft, writing she's feeding the child in a discreet way that doesn't bother other said Paul's skull and spokesman for the Phoenix space to free the mirror line. She was asked to use a blanket just to provide a little more discretion. She was given a blanket. She refused to use it. That's all I know he'd be saying. A complaint against to her lines was followed by the Vermont Human Rights Commission. Otherwise, a hint of direct or Robert Apple said he was barbed by state law from confirming the complaint. He said state law allows a mother to breastfeed in public. Public. The Vermont Human Rights Commission investigates complaints and determines whether discrimination may have occurred. The parties to a complaint are given six months to reach a settlement. If none is reached the commission, then decides whether to go to court. A complaint can file a separate student state court into. Just say, you know, much to do about nothing. This should be your worst problem. Both the people of the airlines and this bitch. This should be your worst problem. Just put the booby under the blanket and be a little discreet and stop being a flasher on an airplane. You should certainly ask bitch. Or how about everybody else mind their own business? Yeah, that's right. Everybody else, Laura straight forward straight ahead. Well, she's 20 types of a poob has never heard any. Maybe she was hot and she had, like, extraordinarily suffle boobies. Doesn't matter. What is Hank is on a CNN? Want to get directly over to her. How does she's all done? About 956 votes. That's Barbara Starring. Of course, George keeps making these grotesque comments. Just because Hank weighs 800 pounds now. Did you talk to him? Do you have a heart tired of with him? I'm very just like the one he had with Kenny Walker about how they're trying to destroy the morning. morning show by putting all these segments in it when I were a windbag and with whatever who rose in steam houses a bird's whatever I got my own problems stand bursting Robert white soul rights I like this this is my kind of calm just like the one I had yesterday it was a good calm about the religious about the gift keys Robert white soul lives in Middleton Wisconsin as this is regularly appeared in the capital times Madison Wisconsin and he's been published in free thought today and yaddy out it isn't sporking chimp because the bible tells me so is the title on that article I'm an american atheist he writes I believe in the constitution and the bill writes I did not believe in gods are in revealed texts my belief in the tools of democracy is relevant on the public square my disbelieve in gods is not on November 7th the family research institute of Wisconsin whose mission is to forward judeo christian principles and traditional values in Wisconsin one of victory for the organizations and interpretation of the bible with the passing of the amendment to ban gay marriages and civil unions according to a September 23rd Milwaukee Journal sent a article by bill glawber the f r i claim that the amendment had the support of 5,000 churches and two million congregants while fair west constant that group leading the fight against the amendment claim that the resolutions are posting the amendments have been passed by organizations representing a half a million congregants on October 19th in former celled of Madison to debate the states no November 7th advisory referendum on establishing the death penalty for first to be mortic cases backed by DNA evidence the revend Mike may hack a faith that this church quoted genesis and rollman's in support of the death penalty bishop r barto more lenue of the dices of Madison relied on the poops interpretation of the bible to oppose the death penalty while acknowledging that there were people different faiths on each side of these issues I can only assume there was a preponderance of christians so to then I ask are you guys reading the same bible and if you are where's the ultimate authority of such diametrically opposed opinions can be butthrised by the same text this is not a rational debate it's a bible quoting arm's race each side cherry picking its way through religious document that was arbitrarily cobbled together over several centuries from many different writers and diverse cultural menus whoever ends up with the most fruit expressed to win the day the trouble as many of the cherries in the bible are just plain rotten and the early 19th century abolitionists held a high moral ground by any objective rational non-biblical backward glance however seven slave owners in the representatives in congress whether theological argument hands down as reverend Richard Fuller said in 1845 what god sanctioned in the old testament and permitted the new cannot be a sin slavery as we now know was a sin in a national disgrace even if the bible didn't tell us so but if we learned anything in the intervening 160 years about scripture and policy from our house majority leader dick army one said the bible is very clear on homosexuality i abide by the instructions that are given me in the bible one can only speculate if army's understanding a scripture was informed by the reverend ten haggards we've been televised pulpit pontifications we'll take our country another hundred and sixty years to know that discriminating against a group of people because of their sexual orientation is a sin and a national disgrace regardless of what the bible tells us my point is that the bible or any religious text has no authority on the public square in a secular society who's getting authority rests in the constitution billar rights our democracy is based on a rational defensive the civil rights of liberties any canoemic law for a bit citizens not on the ambiguous and often coveted three affirmations and prescriptions of religious text democracy can out serve two masters this is not to say that individuals political stance cannot be informed by his or her religious belief it would be absurd to claim otherwise but as a political argument religious beliefs should go no further than the church door or your own pocket on the public square because the bible tells me so just doesn't cut it or it shouldn't on a recent book signing to an Milwaukee jim wallos author of god politics why the right gets it wrong and left doesn't get it that would local clergy who advocate for the poor wallos maintain that his goal of eliminating poverty is based on some two thousand bible versus stressing the importance of ministering to the poor but should anyone need to consult the bible to be assured of a moral or ethical imperative to help those who are mired in poverty is there enough evidence available to anyone whose gazes are blinkered by ideology or religious belief keep in mind Jesus did say that the poor would always be among us wasn't he telling us to chill on the poverty thing Who's telling us just to take a pill and take a chill and then we've seen all these a chill pill when I was working with the book in stocks 960 three votes this hour will go over a thousand on the pool and then we can like take a nice nap a dirt nap some kind of a nice long nap and a big good okay Josh by the way now I did watch American dad last night which I thought was a cute was good I voted I give it a nine It's good show but that one was particularly good yeah it was a gay that one of course that's my George sent it to me because he's you know sucking up family fake That was good but anyway and Josh did not watch match point no but he doesn't know how it ends now He doesn't know how it ends no not all of it no oh well that's not important okay that part of it is not I mean you know If you couldn't figure that out along the way Must be pretty slow and he should know because we discussed it off the air but Brian Cox We have discussed on the air Josh and I is in there are favorite character actors Yeah So when he was in the magnolia he might have been he's in everything was need a cop I don't know I'll check or didn't he once play for the dolphins Brian Cox? Oh, yeah that one yeah That one of course somewhere here I don't think there's any of it that I can play it's all bleep is it bleep sure I hate WLD again yeah, that's that's all I'm playing with that I don't I don't remember very well. I don't like to bleep in there was one of your one of your early bleep Sweet and the vowels are in there, but the bleep is usually Yeah, please my ass yeah, but 968 votes on our poll today about which rule their religion is the most malignant of course their all malignant It's just a matter of degree how about the Quakers? They aren't really tumulted the Nardy Although even my Nixon was a Quaker in a safe Thal intervention Benefits in the vlogging idle 560s you and you can predict panic dental floss You They later koby times of crazy one Yeah. Hey little Katie, you give you a way. John's Revolta, or Patrick's Weyzy. Hey little Katie's new. It's not too late to think again. You can back out of this cruise wedding. You're not too old to start again. Hey little Katie's new. Hey little Katie's new. Hey little Katie, you're there in some days. Hey little Katie's not too late to run. Don't be afraid of Mad Rick from Takah. Hey little Katie's new. It's not too late to think again. You can back out of this cruise wedding. No, it's not too late to think again. Hey little Katie's new. 119, 10, go. I'm going to show you the whole plan. Don't tell me that's all I'm going to show you. The double diamond Lucky Strike. The Lucky Strike means fine to back out LSMFT. Yeah, call for Philip Morris. And I'd walk him out for a camel. Let's play some cigarette spots. Just to piss off the government. Oh, better not. Looks so pretty nice. I didn't see no wheel of fortune. If you don't have any wheel of fortune, count me up. Remember to song count me in by Gary Lewis and the playboys and please don't play it. Okay, but that on Liberty Records, but nevertheless count me up. Yeah, I remember. You can hope that whatever game. I'm sure that because I see the same faces all the time playing squeal of fortune, you know. And I'm sure that there are people play like the Lucky Sevens and Double Diamond Haywire. All this other stuff. I think about slots, which probably most people don't think about. And I'm sure either, either one of you ever have thought because you're not like suckers like I am. And that is that all the numbers and symbols that they have on the wheel. They might as well be blank. You know what I mean? That's not a very good employee. Right. The computer is spitting out a dollar amount each spin. Right. And it doesn't make any difference if they're actually our symbols on the show you were getting. Or if they were just blanking and showed you, hey, this time you got 200 bucks. You know, that's a good point. It's just an illusion. A point of reference or something. It's an illusion. Very good. It's an illusion. Like an illusion of what? Oh, here we got another little warning for you. As another public service or your close friends at QM. I don't want to get your ass in a ring or an ass. No, there's one thing I will say though before we this. There's one thing I cannot stay. It's a cheap drunk. It's a loud, obnoxious drunk. There's a guy. I don't want to go in with it. What if they don't have a lot of money for drinker than they're drunk? Can't I stand a, no, no, no, I won't say cheap. The sloppy drunk. Loud sloppy obnoxious. Anyway, getting back to this. The UI saturation, like Josh for example, he's probably a sloppy drunk. All right. I can be. Yeah, right. I'm fine. No, no, no, no, no. You got drinking with him. I think I might have. The Broward Sheriff's Office, DUI Task Force, Well, can you go anywhere with him? You've gone out drinking with him because he's got, you know, he's got like a bottle in his pocket in his sock. It's got a flask tape to his entire thigh. Last one is ass. The BSO DUI Task Force will be conducting saturation patrols. This Saturday, November 18 from approximately 830 in a PM till 5 in a morning on, let's see, areas of north, a lot of day, a Oakland Park and unincorporated central Broward County. And peer drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced. The information published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling, mandating prayer announcement, a selective enforcement activities. That's this Saturday night from 830 until 5 in a AM Sunday morning. North Lauderdale, Oakland Park, unincorporated central Broward County. And peer drivers will be identified and DUI will, they'll come and take your ass away in the rest of you too. That's right. They've been doing that in the past. Yeah, they've been doing that in the past. Almost 2,000 out by the bottom of the hour. We'll have a thousand and then everybody will say, now we can breathe easy. You'll get off our back. Environmental advocates sued the Bush administration yesterday for ignoring a 2004 congressional deadline to report to lawmakers in the public. I'm the latest research on global warming. You go, everybody sued their ass. Especially the families of all these dead people that are dying over there for no reason based on a pack of lies. It's just, there's no point getting excited about it. I can't even speak. Don't even. Well, what's the point? There is it. It's so obvious, you know? On 1990 federal law requires the government to produce a scientific report to be four years on climate change, and it's effects on the environment including land, water, air, plant and animal life and human health. The Clinton administration issued the first report on October 2000, warning a severe effects on different regions, but the Bush administration hasn't filed any report and is indicated in what do so. Environmentalists said in the suit file of federal court in San Francisco, it's like all the other laws. You know, they just, the Bush makes it up as he goes along. Oh, that doesn't apply to us. Right. Instead, the administration's climate change science programs says it issued 21 many reports on various aspects of the overall topic. The first report on temperature trends in the low atmosphere was released in May. Others will be issued periodically through 2008, a spokesman said, oh, speaking of spokesman, I think the, I think I thought, put it cad is going to get fired and out of with their Brian Murray wouldn't that be bad? Let's get some of a no-b m buttons going again for the Senator fans, both of them. The spokesman. Police, he's consistent, where he goes, he's a loser. The Bush administration has failed to comply with the law, said attorney Julie T. L. the Center for Biological Diversity, which is a play-in-the-law suit. I think the administration's afraid to release this information because it makes climate change real for people. I thought I thought I put it cad. She said the May report on low atmosphere temperatures is a technical document. That would be hard for the average citizen to remember Congress to understand. A 14-page summary report on the agency's website, climatescience.gov, contains findings about temperature variations at different atmospheric levels, but doesn't discuss how those variations affect the environment. That would definitely say a damn thing. The suit asked US district judge, Sandra Brown Armstrong has said a new deadline for comprehensive government report on global warming research. I wonder, Sandra Brown Armstrong is, can, to George the chief Armstrong of those great 60-leaf teams, the captain, number 10. And anyway, so there you go. Once again, you know, it's all about the business. And tax cuts for big business and all the other crap. And then they don't worry about it because they're going to be dead anyway. 990 free votes on the pool. Any second hour, we're going to go to that thousand mark. And then you'll hear like a big, like that. Just like when a stop machine pays you off at Gulf Stream this afternoon. You know, I was only 35 minutes away from changing the face of gambling in South Florida and the state of Florida. It's going to bring them off. Oh, yeah. There's one more thing. It's not there. Yeah. Although it's hysterical editorial's man in the newspapers. Like everybody's going to lose their lunch money and everybody's going to go broke. And the old fart's going to gamble with their social security, my wallet. Too bad. Only the ones that deserve to. That's correct. Only the ones who put enough to do it. Take whatever money you can afford to lose and assume you're going to lose it. Do never ever go play a try. That's right. Something you're going to win. Assume you're going to lose. Whatever you've gotten your pocket and whatever credit card you bring. Although they're not letting you have ATM's. How is that possible? I mean, the way they'll find it. How do you get any money on it? I'm sure they'll find it. Wait a while. That's right. You go off to the park. You're getting your car. You go down the street and you find the, you know, the public's a whatever. And ATM and they come flying back. Run running back and say, did you save my machine? Mine. Did you save my good my machine? He said, no, I just won three grand on it. That's it. He's a very handsome young man who can't see that. Hey Jim, here's the budget report. He's your Jim. What? How are you? Well, the old I can meet Jim. What's wrong with you? Jim suffers from Borat's disease. It strikes those who have seen the Borat movie and results in the uncontrollable urge to speak like Borat. Jim, how could off we have a meeting with the lame? She's frozen too. No, she's the regional manager. No one is immune. Borat's disease can strike anyone at any time. I grandma. Yeah. Unfortunately, there is no cure for Borat's disease. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm a 31. Me too. A little bit of cock-ass than. What are you going to talk about, Stan Major again, just like the other day? 1,000 12 votes on the poll. You and Chief Cup of Coffee, and demanded that worldly gifts give climate change the same priority. As they did the wars and the curbing the spread of weapons and mass destruction, he demanded. I made the appeals. He launched a 3-day gig. Talk about a paper tiger man, unbelievable. And it made the appeals he launched a 3-day gathering of environmental chiefs tasked with stepping on bags of n-incilible warming. It is valid. Unbelievable. And it made the appeals he launched a 3-day gathering of environmental chiefs tasked with stepping on bags of n-incilible warming. It is valid. It repeats to the end. You know, I'm thinking an algorithm I feed the dark horse in 2008. Okay. You don't think? Well, he won once already. He could do it again. That's right. And as for all soda junk, climate change imperils agriculture through drought and coastal cities through rising sea levels poses a health threat by spreading mosquito-borne disease and could lead to billion dollar weather calamities said on him. Cup of Coffee, Anna. Climate change is also a threat to peace and security. He won changing patterns of rainfall, for example. Can I can competition for resources? Setting in motion potentially the stabilizing tensions and migration, especially in fragile states, are volatile regions. The reason I hesitated the stabilizing and spelled with an S like British. What is the minister's other standings at the 189th and 189th meeting of the win framework convention? Climate change. UNFCCC. What? Our under pressure to spell out by Friday their commitments for deepening cuts and greenhouse gas emissions. That's what Joyce wants us to do on a show. Is that part of the idea that we got to do? Yes. It's cut down on greenhouse and other gas emissions. The spotlight has been placed on Brazil, China and India. Big population developing countries whose carbon pollution has surged in line with the economic growth. The European Union hopes these countries will signal they will join rich nations and find their emissions when negotiations start next year to be shaped the UNFCCCCC Cero, a protocol after it aspires in 2012. The US, meanwhile, was walked away from Kyoto in 2001. It's being scrutinized again with an S for any gesture toward the impact in light of last week's US elections. It was to Democrats arrested controller Congress away from Bush's neo-con. From the fascists. The US by itself accounts for a quarter of the world's greenhouse gas output. Oh boy, not a gas. Although if position is number one, polluter could soon be overtaken by a China, a major burner of coral. Though I say China, greenhouse gas is trapped the sun's heat instead of letting it radiate out into space. That's not talking to you keep the gas inside your body and don't let it out. If you trap it inside, man, you're going to explode one of these days. That's why you've got to let it out. As a result, Earth's atmospheric temperature is rising in May scientists are commenced. It's already starting to affect the climate system and speaking of that, what a segway. Out of there's that anxious John Warner from Virginia. Nice hair, John. The way it had goof all, old turd. A small centimeter, 16 in tsunami, hit Northern Japan after an 8-point-light magnitude earthquake, shook the Russian-owned Coral Islands on what Wednesday today. According to Japan's meteorological agencies. See how this ties right in there? It's a small tsunami, mommy. Residents along Japan's Pacific Ocean are told to flee the tsunami after the quake. The warning was issued for eastern Hokkaido, Japan's Northernmost Island, and the US National Ennoa said. Remember, no, wither without the arc? Old drunk? No, wasn't old drunk. Yes, he was. And I'm sure glad that he got those dinosaurs fitted on the arc. Huh? Maybe they couldn't fit on the arc. That's why we don't have no more. A dinosaur. We got Barney, but that's all we got left. And earthquake of this size has the potential to generate a destructive tsunami that can strike coastlines and originate the epicenter within men's two hours, the Noa said. The National Oceanic and Amnestyrken Administration, Noa. Another bubble, I see. Another silly fairy tale. Japan's primary broadcasting source NHK said Japanese officials had expected waves of up to six and a half feet in the less popular area of the island chain, while the coast of Japan may get a wave up to one meter, three or three feet plus. About 30,000 people. Turned me. And even the coral islands, which is about 100 kilometers or 606 miles north of Mainland, Japan. And it's got a bunch of Japanese names on it, which you think I'm going to read him? No. Come on, give it a shot. No chance. tsunami waves generated by earthquakes are often barely noticeable in the ocean, and then all of a sudden before we know it, just like that horrible one we had, oh boy. No tsunami, mommy. Bad news. That's when God gets really pissed off. Of course live in some people die because God's got bad aim. He's always got bad aim. So it's not a good idea to mess with Lord because when he gets pissed off, look out man. My, my, my look out now. Because God only knows who's going to be in the way. It's been a thousand and twenty four votes on a poll today. It's another one of our extraordinarily scientific and anti-religion polls. I think we had a taken anti-religion poll every day. Like, I got a good one. What do you think of a religious fanatic? And then the only answer to the poll would be HUBMAN DRAID. Okay. In other words, yeah, sure we'll go to hell. Are you going to put the, meaning of parentheses? No. Translation. Only for Jews. Which religious group is the, it's the, hey listen, we got to have something. We got to have something man beside just the mottables and I'll go even go and love mottables You know who loves to eat in delis. I thought it this one's before and didn't believe me. That's true though And that's because you don't have it. It's not a similar kind of thing in South Florida But like in Detroit black folks love deli food. Why wouldn't that? That lose finder delicates and in Detroit which ain't there anymore? Remember I recommended that to Dick pertinent he went there and he said it was horrible. Hmm, that's maybe why don't hear from him no more But at any rate We don't hear from Dick Which religious group is the most malignant 124 of you heavins voted we got a heathen audience out there and thank God for that is what I said 126 Board again Christians for 95 almost half 48.2 Presence say you board again Christians are the most malignant the most dangerous the most evil doers on the face of the planet Much more than the Muslims Who have up 294 only 26% say not even close those Islamophacists as the bush must have caused them I wish somebody was playing them what that's supposed to mean. I think he knows the fascist part He looks in the mirror when he shaves Scientologists 87 it's just a big closet you're fairie I hate this pool 78 7.6 percent Catholics 52 then we'll have a little bit and orthodox Jews Chinkwanta only 50 What is it this banish in Quinta? See oh In Italian oh Chinkwanta Chinkwanta banana oh there we go with that cookie never saw him again thank God oh Take your ethnic phoning this and just get lost already. Wait a please so you speak a few words Italian Good go to a napoli with his slippers and get out of my face you silly person you Chinkwanta banana hey, maybe that's what you'll win at the ghost you 30 or 21 minutes oh man I feel a size mixed shift like that tsunami that's going on in Japan I feel like something that in the noon if you would have believed the Harold and then of course all those anti gambling people It turns out are a bunch of immigrants who got their own finger. We didn't want their own you know They want it all for themselves. Oh look at this lipitors spot. They got the have you seen this? They got a mannequin. They're looks like they got from pin nope Oh, there it is. He's playing family on oh, that's a jarvik jarvik jarvist the artificial hot guy Oh, is it? Well, he's on their hawk and lipitura Okay, so I must be kidding Yeah, it was one of those statin drugs game right one of those statin drugs that all the doctors are prevalent because you're cholesterol too high well I got news for okay I'm not gonna say a thing you do whatever you want okay. I got I got a whole bunch of traffic called cost me 400 bucks in the other room I think I'm taking any you think I've taken even one No, no, and I won't I will not I won't touch him. I won't I wouldn't take him with your mouth Okay, which religious group is the most million in voting in Christians for 96 Muslims to 64 Scientologists 87 I hate this full 70 Catholics 50 that just got through reading this why are you letting me do this again That's what I saw guys like numerous from I'm prepared for the cringe ended log cabin Republicans of Florida I'd like to congratulate Charlie Christ and being a first gay governor is not gay What do you mean not gay? Not because he says he's not come on with that haircut and they can't can you you know that guy on some pair of no-airs chat Because we dress this way doesn't give us license to judge other yeah, you're right He's gonna piss you know business you're gonna rest He's gonna finish even if you have to lie about him and by the way you look in lovely Yeah, it's very Jews I rub them I treat very nice. Yeah, make sure look more like a woman. Yes, mommy More like a woman most be the lotion so about child's right there's that admirer I was telling you about oh that guy yeah, I'm gonna get this he drives a car He wants to me is it the parking lot that could mean a upwards of 10 or 20 dollars Yeah, let's go which one is it's the brown 83 girl with a crack windshield Wait, that's my math look pretty looks fine. What do you say we could go for a year? Doesn't get on our knees. Okay, this mess is worth paid for by panty full oh not Labor that we were there's movie can't buy 14. Don't know in at five 60 WM and 14 minutes man life is gonna change in a state of Florida Like you wouldn't believe you know I gotta tell you I wonder if casino stand is gonna be their old stand worth time I think so I imagine Slepper like him help either he'll be there with bells on ribbons in his hair I never really believe all these years 30 long Appreciate years plus 30 and a half now getting closer to 31 years. What are we gonna do for my 31st anniversary next March 1? I know what I plan to do stay alive right? I'm gonna try to do a card or something then eat no, don't be sent to me anymore crap Well you play no, I'm gonna send you an e-card. Let's see them charge customs on that After months of anticipation Las Vegas, this is what the hell. This is the Harold's take at the beginning of the show I would do the Sun sent will stay I would have thought to Harold we're go would probably put something on the front page like a big banner that said Like that but they didn't After months of anticipation it says Las Vegas they'll slot my shoes will start spinning in Brower County today Patrons at the New Gulf Team Park Racing and Casino will have a chance to try their luck at the one our bandits when the casino doors open a noon today at 901 South Federal Highway in Halandale B boy This is the culmination of her great effort for many many people Gulf Team Park President Paul McCooch He said it for fair statement. I'm very proud to be involved with since dedicated and tireless people and by the way Paul You might you might want to know it. I'm sure that some of the other people in town are aware of it That it was Neil Rogers on here Rating and raving and encouraging people to go out and vote for this in Broward which got I help to get this thing passed into first place So if you want to send you know several sacks of money up here in on mark bills hundreds of course would be nice That would be great Canadian currency please. Oh no like I said US currency please They casino would go stream and be open from no to midnight today with some casting available big and it's so steep You know all that money we get under the table How we wish you know all these years never got offered any graph That's the said part we got a 152 vote son of like that pasta that dream fields past you know that allegedly that guy remember that call What about it I think I'm a scamming or something oh, yeah, you're on the take right yeah take it as cutting you in take a big fat one US airways launches take over bid for a delta oh my goodness US airways groups said today it's made an $8 billion cash in stock with for Delta Airlines I deal about they wouldn't create one of the world's largest carriers the move came to spite elders repeated statements It's not interested in the merger. We don't want we don't want The offered of I Delta once the Atlanta base airline emerges from bankruptcy Protection by the middle of next year will give Delta's unsickered creditors $4 billion in cash and 70 and a half million shares of US airways stock As it stands now Delta's common shares are likely to then an up worthless when it exits bankruptcy in most Bankrupty cases that that hold is usually enough with new shares of the company Doug Parker chief executive of Tempe Arizona based US Scare air said an telephone interview that he's aware of the Minutes made by Delas management every in months, but he believes that's a fair offer and that ultimately Delta's creditors will see that That's what the guy US Scare air said Delta's in bankruptcy and bankruptcy is a very open process Parker said the processes designed so the Queditors get the highest possible value for their clients given that process What we've done is gone public when they'll turn into a standalone plan they open the doors for the first machine Maybe the first real slot machine in Florida. It's gonna go first like that jackpot But she said Delta has consistently said that it plans to emerge from bankruptcies an independent airline and a Partridge interferatory and I'm not a flight any of those anyway under a peddly of this. Yeah, I just don't you You don't fly because you can't afford to fly plus where we do anyway away Yeah, that's a good idea like Vancouver sounds good sure it does sounds great somewhere in BC up there where you know You know Nature will up a big fat one and newspaper that I'm sorry newspaper Mori does got a comb today and I'm sure it's got a lot of words in my camp for now because the headlines is pouring Shardin a diplomacy. I mean, Shardin a I can and maybe a little bit of cheese too You know, you can't have a wine tasting without cheese just as Henry. Oh, Viro Mori does says the foreign affairs for his flying I'm not talking about the catfight between two strong-willed Expensively dressed democratic politicians married to California gazillionaires with speaker reluctance Impolosi tried to young Jane Harmon from heading the House Intelligence Committee I'm talking about the catfight between the idealists and the realists After an election that's spurned ideology in the trumpet return of the Bush 41 pragmatist James Baker and Robert Gates the self-proclaimed idealist Are reduced to hissing from the sidelines They're hissing The Vulcan's and Eocons had grandiose plans to restore trumpets morality and spine to foreign policy to establish America Is a hyper power where they do need to export democracy by force it on its own if necessary But now the grandiose experiment of Iraq is in a self-furious Shambles, see I told you The grandiose experiment of Iraq is in a self-furious shambles and the real policy crowd is back cleaning up In the most regional Michael Rubin of the American enterprise Institute railed against the evils of Shardin A diplomacy recalling that in 1983 Donald Rumsfeld President Reagan's Middle East envoy met with Sodom who's in and bagged that hoping to restore relations out of a concern over growing Iranian influence He didn't bother to mention Sodom's use of chemical weapons Mr. Gates was the CIA's deputy director for intelligence at the time Mr. Rumsfeld infamous hand shake deputy director of central intelligence when Sodom gased the Kurds and deputy national security adviser when Sodom crushed the she had uprising Mr. Rubin wrote Mr. Baker was a central Romney he said worked to write past Rums by contrast in Eocons fear Mr. Gates and Mr. Baker are back winking a dictators I'll ready they're talking about closing up to the evilators of Iran and Syria and perhaps dreaming of more Concessions to the Palestinians Israel and supporters among Christian evangelicals are having connoions The idealist to lever on Oregon's evocation of Thomas Paine we have an hour power to begin the world over again I write that Americans urine for a moral foreign policy It was sickening in 1989 to see Brent Skorcroff another realist back in fashion offering a cozy supper toast to Chinese leaders Only six months after tenemen square and getting poppy to lecture your crannies not to break the Aaron grip of Moscow It was sickening after bush Perry sold to see father bush sold a Persian Gulf or as a moral mission to see the 41 team Decided the and not to intervene to stop Sodom from slaughtering thousands of innocent sheights and curds who rose up as the president of the asked It was sickening when the first bush administration decided to do nothing about the genocidal Serbian war on Bosnia 92 as Secretary of State Baker Fracally explained we don't have a dog in that fight Justifying the administration's tough stance toward Israel develop a hammer rate another notorious comet If the Jews he told a colleague privately they don't for for us anyway But while the idealists have a point they also have a problem They're moral war in Iraq was sold four years ago with two big lies that Sodom had WMD and that's the Iraqis where you'reening for democracy And it's continued in the fog of deception about imaginary progress It's immoral the troops lives at risk because one is Dr. Nare to make people die for a figure of flexibility America's bungalow capace and naive assumptions on least sectarian bloodletting that could ultimately is the times John Burns wrote Matched the mass killing that characterized Mr. Hussein's psychopathic years in power and involved in authoritarian era leaders Both June your cast himself as the Reagan air, but his president Reagan showed in Lebanon when he pulled out troops after 241 service men were blown up and in rake of it negotiating with Gorbachev on nuclear arms He was incredibly flexible and effective contrast with his inflexible rhetoric He pursued openings and even radical diplomacy if the Gipper was wood the decider is stone voters rejected WMD black and white couldn't even incompetent form policy last week The president got the message that some shades of grave were desirable and brought in the family fixer with the bright green ties Who's perfectly positioned to come up with a solution that will fly and washing it and flop and bagged that As the three large and rindled neighbor taught morality without realism is naive to your worst and realism without morality Ascinesism or worse morality should open your eyes Not close them that's what Marine says with a whole bunch of words in there that I have with that butcher real bad He's just he's great put you see this is one reason that a lot of people don't read newspaper articles are like even time or newsweek Y'all now I'm serious. I know this this is the truth and that is that a lot of these calmness and right even the very good ones like her they they for some reason they have this Desire this this endless is a tease words that most people that I can't even pronounce much less understand Well, make them look smart. What is that what it is? Oh, yeah, they're smart and we're dumb like Fredo for example And that's that's the way I look at it like like your president smart like Fredo Yeah, we're sending Fredo to Vegas under the protection of the whatever was on the West Coast What was that family on the West Coast done for us going host Don't fronchesco what a memory for Godfather trivia manners and movie that is in play even Josh Kent knock it Nobody can why nobody can right nobody can knock the Godfather In fact, I think how do we find those things by the way? How do I do this amazing miracle? What is it it's a miracle? I don't keep friends doing so I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball boom bars come out of the word word don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again ever Ever We must go to the good early although I will say this You know as good as he was in Godfather Al Pacino Where does your line just trade you idiot? Whoever told you that you could work with men what you're hired for Just the help us that's that seemed clear to you to help us to help men who are going out there to try to earn a living You company man you're fairie handsome Great moments a rare part of that was a rare performance by everyone involved yeah If you haven't seen Glenn Ross isn't in the movie other foot I know if you watch Max point Glenn Gary Glenn Ross There's no sex in it, but then again in fact most of the people in that movie are too old to be having any sex A thousand sixty four votes on the poll I know that sounds ridiculous, but it's just to try to make a point. I don't know what the point was there all right even though But he hot there's nobody hot in that movie. Okay. No, there's nobody quinn. There's no what's your name For match point Scarlett Charlottio Hanson. Sorry Which religious group is the most malignant the thousand sixty four votes born again Christians five hundred four Team Muslims two sixty nine man is almost double trouble for the board against you mumsers Scientologists 89 I hate this pull 84 7.8% that's a bad number. We don't like it. You know what to bad I'll do people voted. I hate this poll. You're gonna burn in hell Orthodox Jews 55 and Catholics 55 a lot in common a lot of silly ahead years So best talent a lot of review Sports ready on a Bible's menu I am proud you know Russian laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the new Okay, I'm gonna use the hour Hannah brains I am the Reverend Tane Hatter Former president of the National Association of Evangelicals. I have taken the early Retirement from that fine organization to pursue a note of colon not a higher colon really more of a lower colon Much much lower and even though president Bush won't return my calls anymore And I've been kicked out of my church I found a new home a new home on television Beginning at Sunday the Bravo network with premier mosteriza queer eye on the preacher guy On the premier episode my special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris and one and he cute Putting with that little dovey house or him day Me and I would discuss several important topics Including whoian is a massage more than a massage So I'm who saying evil man, but really how did those boxers show it's a game will reveal the new play I can say they yeah They in the sports segment of my show We'll open play in the Reverend Tane Hatter chord whole tournament That's clear on the preacher guy with me the Reverend Tane Hatter's Sunday is a unbravo It'll be so much fun. You'll think you just snorted math with a male escort 305 60 WQM all the hypocrites all the time all the religious fanatics all the getchies all the finger pointers all the don't do as I do do as I say it all the time You just just Right or had them right up to here as somebody would say right up to here. I would say that armpits Ryan Cox In fact, I think I got some of that old stuff Oh, yeah, I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. Okay good This is my son playing him he was sure it credit to the team in the community wasn't he both And he was just great. Oh, didn't he wind up with the JETS they sucked yet? I think so. Yes, he did and Math made in heaven that eventually wound up on TV just like every other well everybody's I don't say stay how about that dancing with the stars maybe could be on ad First rated by local TV news outlets that run commercial disguised as news and FCC commissioned to once to investigate Stations that don't tell viewers they may be watching corporate propaganda instead of independently before the information and by the way It's 1204 you know where your loose changes right now. It's probably in a machin and a Gulfstream You realize that Four minutes ago they let the crowd in and you can just to make can you see those old people with their walkers and where their oxygen tanks just Let me yeah, it's a walker race. Oh, I sure hope they got the the walkers with the wheels on So they can do wheelies on a way to get the good machine man The machine is full right now. I bet you're probably and you know something if this was a real radio station Which of course it is not and we had a real program to reach out to course. We don't even go there girlfriend We would have somebody a quarter for the opening day I'm sure the people there would be ecstatic I mean We're supposed to be good bunk by buddies for those people at all the permeats I'm including Gulfstream and you think that we'd have somebody there to call it on the bat line and give us a report Boy, they pay you all that money because you're funny, right? Yeah, I'm just telling you that would be the way we do on a right set if it was a real radio station Which of course it's not if we had any support on the show which we do not KGKKTO TV and ABC affiliate in San Francisco is one of 46 stations in 22 states Said it for improperly including video news releases or VNRs in a news stories according to where we're Report released yesterday by two watch dog groups center for media and democracy and free press Tuesdays report was a follow up to an April study by the same organizations that found that 77 stations nationally including CBS five TV and San Francisco KPIX had improperly used VNRs Representatives of both stations acknowledge you're only using them and call them isolated incidents Of a NRA is a prepackage segment that looks in sounds like journalistically report information But is produced by either a public relations firm or government body with the best interest in the product for service being described In other words proper gander While media advocates are including impact his material may not seem as serious when a TV news reporters doing a fluffy feature piece I'm what kind of lipstick to wear like that change the relips gloss So you know that what's his name life? Who what is it Jim? Who is it Jim Rome not Jim Rome? Mission impossible oh Peter Graves Peter Graves why do I was calling Jim because that was his name in the show Jim? Okay The implications could be more than the journalist broadcast properly produced information without critical examination identification when reporting on a new treatment for liver cancer Tuesday six month investigation included a story aired by a TV station in Missouri the question global warming and was largely based on a VNR created by oil industry lobbyists The station did not identify the source of the material The federal communications act requires broadcasters to inform their audience that such matter is sponsored paid for a furnished Ethern hole or in part and by whom or on whose behalf such consideration was supplied Faded to identify the source of a VNR is also an ethical violation the industry's video TV news directors Association guidelines on VNR use it says News managers and producers should clarify should clearly disclose the origin of information in label Al material provided by corporate or other non-adetorial sources and a partnership in a peer tree Brain washing of America baby. It's alive and well, make no mistake about it. Hey, and it oh, yeah How does machines doing over their Gulf stream? And that exciting Now you do realize next time that I'm down there can you have Kini what magic can you see me go into that place? No, why not? I don't know because you got lots of places up there to go to Yeah, that's real. Why know what I come down there while I know like punch my guts Especially with an American currency, you know at cheesy American cash slide knows America those hundreds in there One one thing about and let me just say this to you don't say I didn't warn you if you have an addictive personality Yeah, I know slots are very addictive What is it I'm gonna part of you have an addictive personality don't get started that that's not as just in the said on the board Don't yeah start anything and then don't say oh We'll do they're fleeting my money and I got no chance of a well, and don't go there Nobody's gonna drag you off the street and with a sky hook and drag you inside the building, okay? I'm just telling you that right up front and the other thing I wanted to say is speaking of a hundred dollar bills or whatever kind of bills you're talking about Money loses its meaning in a casino Not just it's thought machines anything you're playing black jack crafts whatever it is money money loses its value And so when you sit in there shoving in a hundred dollar bills one after the other like I do it's like it's like Monopoly money it's like funny money. It's not like real money You want them saying I don't it's an all kids started mr. Hi, oh, I know you'll be there at 205 you'll be right up to I can just see you right now listen like you said earlier in the show Take as much as you're able to lose right, okay? Which in your case is nothing so there you go and a store now Josh already gone I heard Josh is gonna be given us a lot of report from Gulfstream. I should have I should have went down you should have gone down there man should taking yourself Called in we wouldn't answer the phone, but nevertheless you tell me I'll leave right now I'll even play a slot or two don't be playing those slots mr. Hi, John Don't get started Lou Dobbs has a comma here. You know your buddy Lou Dobbs the your hero and the arch enemy follows illegal aliens He says I'm up in the list and proud of it Should I read Lou Dobbs calm? I can't give it that pompous, you know Too fisted a person that he does. I just the Democratic victory last week has our politically elites in both parties In the national media squealing like and I look at us the right-hand column of this is all chopped off I can't read it good. I don't want to read anyone See sometimes it's like a blessing in disguise That was sensational. I know if I knew how to print out a story from I know you do know how you just know what it I don't want I'm lazy. I don't want I don't want I don't want I do like that. You were lazy. He would do it the other way What does that mean you're going through more work than you need to by what? How am I going through more work because it's fitting out all these pages and you got to sift through all that crap to find what you want Instead of you got everything you want on one page. Did you say sift? I said sift oh We've got almost love in a report now when the when the next slot machine goes off wait 30 days is every before from Gulf Stream We'll have 11 hundred votes in fact. I'm going to refresh it. There's that I'm not just Mitch McConnell of Kentucky another real yay who Why is it that most of the Republicans are yay who's one of those things as you go hand in hand with their philosophy You know and tell me with their stone age mentality. Oh, repressive Hypocritical BS you know it 1,95 votes on a pool 1,97 if I keep refreshing it look at that and it like magic just like just like those got father in Gengheri Gengheri, I'm grossed on gross amazing. How do you do that? I don't know Johnny Funtay will never get that movie. I don't care how many day go get you what? Freest ball come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crock, Mick friend I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was come to lawyer I have not threatened I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you who the hell are you? He's a horse in New York Oh 1099 again. It's a there must be a tax thing. I mean, you're 1100 we got a total Boy, 1100 votes on a pool and so on the 1211 I Think to be more doing so well on the polls like this because that drew Rosennuss theme burger house show now in a morning on Wednesday Is it already doubt on our morning show there can be no doubt No doubt about it. He is demand Refiled by most and hated by some by many But nevertheless we got him and then of course there's Ira Windbag look what I would did for Hank show in a morning Now when you got to lose you like that would like Ira when you keep bringing him back again and foisting him Everybody you couldn't try to destroy their show. I have a lot of day you bet I say give me his own damn show like from 6 to 10 a.m. and like from 2 to midnight Just pay the other guys to lay out a little bit mad dog and hang they paid their dues just pay him to do you know I mean like mad dog. He does X number shows a year. What a scam. He's got Really how many shows here does he not he does that he does a certain number shows a year And that's it and once once beyond that that's it. He won't do no mole That a good deal. It's a great. I said I'll do 50 shows a year for you know for same money, but like that And I'll show up on a graph here like in other words just tune in and see if I'm there that would be a lot of fun Yeah, and see if nails on it like the wheel Show right what is it like spin the wheel of Neil the wheel of me. Oh, let's get work and so's back with the wheel of me No absolutely not When I was really a dumb bit, you know that where and how did he come up with it? You know that's Rick Of course, you know that wasn't such a zidie that had to be Rick right the wheel of me So speaking of red next The biggest name so best talent to the business wheel rotters for radio five 60 Oh By 18 at five 60 W QM. It's don't forget Obamabita man Obamababamua to banjo on his name Iraq Homeowner should be able to get verbones property insurance with higher deductibles coverage for only part of their homes Value or even a policy that doesn't cover hurricane damage according to plan recommendations from a state panel Fluridians have seen hurricane penguins go through the roof in last few years. Yeah, he ever can't I know I know all about it You want to pay my homeowner's insurance for this year? No thanks, but I bet mine's more now by name East to 95 mandatory wind storm. I said you are yours. I'll pay that with eight hurricanes having affected the state in the last few years Four cast for more active storm period of scared insurers who said they paid out billions and claims and I worried about insolvency Going out of business just like us here a QAman and over across the way of power 96 where they brought back Greg Reed because they were ill and over there That is really it's just it just blows my mind You know somewhere out there. There's a murder on the loose, you know that where somewhere oh The insurance crisis has plummocks state policy makers because insurance companies have worn its flummocks Because insurance companies have worn the rates of months go up and those companies are to continue offering their products in Florida A special task for his name by fan Ask Governor Bush to study the problem make recommendations lawmakers It's finishing its work with its final meeting going on today and it's 12 19 you know where your lose changes now and what my sheenets in Mon A draft of likely recommendations included a number of proposals that would lessen the risk of property insurance companies Many by essentially allow a home worker owners to take on greater risk themselves by being alive to sell Scaled on policies companies could offer lower rates to thinking goes Corly most companies don't sell policies for some perl such as fire or sinkhole damage without selling wind coverage The property and casualty insurance reform committees expected to recommend a change in that policy such a change with a Homeowner to buy a coverage for personal contents fire theft rather times to coverage for example, but reject wind coverage Mortgage holders wouldn't be able to buy a settlement in policies because their bank will require full coverage But some could including some mobile homeowners, others who paid off their home such as retirees who sold their homes up north and paid cash for their Florida house Consumer should also be able to choose hardly ductibles and ensure only the value of the outstanding part of their mortgage Depanels are destined most of the proposals would need legislative approval fat asked portion said that if lawmakers can reach a consensus on what to do He may call a special legislative session to tackle somebody potential fixes before he leaves orifice in January Other recommendations in the panels draft for post include making easier for companies to get coverage from the state fund that backs up insurance companies The hurricane catastrophe fund and making that coverage a bit more expensive close it with private re-insurance companies Charged and it goes on, but it would be put. In other words, we're getting raped in it Better enjoyed sit back and enjoy it. All right think of England Put a smile on your face and let Joey's ask me your umbrella was that crap used to say that line? Oh, let me put a Joey let us smile be a runrilla umbrella and rain on your face out of it Yeah, and Stephens has seen you you ask them in a facial city yesterday. They're rattling their Britney Spears again. How do you like that? They're rattling it again The US and it's out by the way just was looking at one of those websites. They're looking for my buddy Well, I got so many now and there was your buddy Ryan Philippi was on there fit a feeling but Flippy almost naked and one of the things said boy sure is a lot prettier than his wife And you agree with that my ass is prettier than his wife. Well, there you go and then the picture I had in there in the inquire She looks nice, you know, you can do a lot of saying hot photo magic type of lukewarm You know, not as hot as he is but then again. She's scary. Why children? US and its allies have accused Iran are pursuing nuclear weapons out of the guys of a civilian energy program and are pushing for you And sanctions to Iran of course denies the accusation. That's our buddy Ahmadine and John Come on All I'm sorry I'm slow. What I'm not in the judge see I've reached it to us right even close If North Korea refused to be announced it's nuclear program and a random out there nuclear weapons capability It would lead other countries and the regions of significantly reference at the US official speaking on condition of anonymity Of course because he values his life a lot We the US and others who might be threatened by these developments will have to look at how to respond and Neverably I think people will have to look at the question of preemption the official full report is preemption here We go again if you like the Iraq just wait you ain't see nothing yet if things things are going swimmingly well there just wait He said I think it's inevitable that any American administration not just this one But future administration will have to look at preemptive strategies We get them before they get us Right he wasn't saying that the US was going to launch a preemptive strike tomorrow. He said maybe you wait from next circus or something like that Circus was in our case by the way And we look up all those holidays already and we got Thanksgiving a week from tomorrow and then we start heavy duty baby After Thanksgiving we start really really isn't it today after Thanksgiving Friday the 24th That's the big shopping day the number one shopping day everybody goes out to a Russian around by their Khanica and Christmas gifts That's the day I'm looking I'm looking for a story to buy all of my stuff which I don't buy gift for anybody because I'm a hard-roll the Jew But I'm looking for a story they say happy holidays Okay, or maybe just have a great life or maybe just I have no lie I would be good as opposed to a little or maybe nervous days how about leave me alone let me buy what I want and get the how lot of here And don't talk to me exactly and quit proselytizing. Okay, I if I want to go to church or do sure I'll go there if I want to buy something I'll come here you want my money fine if not Yeah, we're the moon road. I'm been dragged. I took it on your took us how bubble and draderd yeah, how about a potting took us? Please don't tell me that he's too if all right Oh, let's see where's I'm looking for something right here. I'll find it But moment please. Oh, there it is. Oh boy. That's something else Anyway We have 1129 votes on the pool. Let's see how we're doing on the reads on the stories today. Okay, you never can be too too sure about this town, you know even though it's been 30 years We've had this big lower-law audience. It's wonderful. We love them. They sometimes love us usually not Well, look at that. We got over 300 reads bush and roe blue the election on purpose question mark Which is a silly story, but read it anyway Did you read that? No, don't waste your time. All right Oh, you're like this story though When Polish student Michael Gromek 19 went to America on a student exchange program He found himself trapped in a host family of Christian fundamentalists What followed was a six-month hell of dawn church visits and sex education talks is his new family tried to banish the devil from his soul Here is his story my half year of hell with Christian fundamentalists I think we're gonna take the break. I don't want to like read this too fast. Okay, Michael Gromek Polish extent I see the reason that this is of interest use because you know your daughter went to Japan You had a little Japanese girl you didn't student exchange thing right and luckily the Japanese girl didn't come to some family of Getskis Or trying to brainwash her it done it happens everyone's at a while what's that? That these exchange students wind up like the story that you're about to read in the in the house of some religious phonetic Yeah, isn't that so get I think there ought to be a log in so that you know It's one thing to pollute the minds of American kids, but to bring in people and suspecting people children from around the rest of the A little slightly more in light and world and trying to like the Polish for example Even loves Neil Rod 1231 and 560 WQM all the bubble mice is all the time, baby. I'll have religious killing and hate all the time Anyway getting back to Michael Gromek 19 he was An exchange student from Poland Okay, and this is his story in Nutshell briefly says when I got out of the plane in Greensboro on the U.S. State of North Carolina I would never have expected my host family to welcome me at the airport wielding a Bible and saying child Our Lord sent you halfway around the world to bring you to us at that moment I just wanted to turn around and run back to the plane he said Things began to go wrong as soon as I arrived in my new home in Winston Salem Why I was to spend my year abroad for example every Monday my host family would gather around the kitchen table to talk about sex My host parents had in the head sex for the last 17 years because so they told me they were devoting their lives to God They also want to know whether I drank alcohol. I admitted I'd like beer and wine They told me I had to they told me I had to devil in my heart My host parents treated me like a five year old and gave me lollipops. They woke me up every Sunday morning at 6.15 am saying Michael it's time to go to church I hated that sentence when I didn't want to go to church one morning because that hardly slept they didn't allow me to have any coffee One day I was talking to my host parents about my mother who separated from my father They were appalled my mother's heart was just as possessed by the devil as mine the experience God wanted her to stay with her husband They said Then seeing as we were already on the topic of God's will the religious zealots finally brought up a subject Which had clearly been on their minds for a long time They wanted me to help them set up a fundamentalist Baptist church in my home country of Poland. It was God's will they said They tried to slip to top occasionally in the conversation, but it really shocked me. I realized that was the only reason they had welcomed me to their family They'd already started a construction working crack-out. I was to help them with translations and with spreading their faith via the media It was clear to me that there was no way I was gonna do that the family was a Paul it was a weird situation After all these people were my only company at the time if I hadn't kept in touch with home through email I might have been sucked into that world or Just plain well it was only after four months that I decided to change my host family I kept hoping that things might improve but it was futile futile Telling them I wanted to go as the most unpleasant moment I experienced in that half year of course They didn't understand how good they they had grown up with their faith and were convinced of it and then suddenly I turned up and refused to fit in From that moment on I counted the days the two months that followed my decision were a hell My host parents detested me there were constant rows I could sense they just wanted to get rid of me They didn't know what to do with me no mole 67 days later. I was finally in a new family There were young actually more friends than host parents and I was very happy there because my new family was only 50 kilometers 30 miles away from the other one I was distrustful at first and afraid things wouldn't be no better. Let's do change was worth it Despite everything I still haven't come to terms of my experience. I want to write the religious family soon and explain to them Clearly in calmly why things went so wrong it shouldn't just end this way What he's trying to say is they were real far bitten That's what he's trying to say and the exchange students are often very freaked out because unlike the rest of us here in America Who are used to being surrounded by these nut jobs? They're not so prevalent in these other countries. That is correct. That is absolutely So whatever you know there are a lot of things that take them by surprise and that's what right Although every not an annual run into a Getski here for example in Toronto where you know on the street court is anywhere You go into world you find crazy people on street corners handing out religious pamphlets and crap and mumbling in our Ticula garbage like that because they're crazy Don't forget to religious people are the crazy people and the crazy people are the dangerous people And then what George always says about dangerous people they scared a crap out of us. That's right Fort Campbell Kentucky one of four US soldiers accused of raping an Iraqi girl last bringing killing her and her family Pleaded guilty today and we'll testify against the others Specialist James Pete Barker agreed to the plea the other before the death penalty said is a video in the attorney David Sheldon The killings in Mach Moudilla a village about 20 miles south of Baghdad. Don't you love the way I said that Mach Moudilla great work See anywhere there's like an age In like any Arabic or is really as it's always Like that get that that deli there you go on baby get those cheese blinces all worked up in your throat That's it The killings in Mach Moudilla village about 20 miles south of Baghdad were among the worst in the series of alleged attacks on civilians Other abuses by military personnel in Iraq Sergeant Paul E. Cortez. I wonder if he's kid a day baby Cortez and no two dare play that happy. We're gonna get in please all right Sergeant Paul E. Cortez and Private first class Jesse V. Spielman both members of the hundred first airborne division with Barker could face the death penalty If convicted in the case in courts Marshall and Ford Campbell courts Marshall. Don't you just love that? Yes, I never was able to figure that out. I mean, yeah, I was pretty good in a linguist In my day, although obviously the way are we these stories you'd never know that but anyway, or because court is the known I understand that but still it's just it just don't seem Directed me the alleged ringleader from our army private Steve Green 21. He did not feel the last week the charges including murder and sexual assault Green was discharged from the army for a personality disorder before the allegations became known and prosecutors have yet to say They'll pursue the death penalty again him The indictment accused is green and others have raping the girl and burning her body to conceal their crimes It also alleges that green and for other states that nearby checkpoint killed the girl's father mother and 60-year-old sister Barker's given investigators vivid accounts of the assault. How do you like that? I don't understand why they hate us Where's the candy in the flowers you promised to celebrate just because they were playing that song? I never promised you a rose garden. Who did that Lynn Anderson? Yes, don't play it. All right Oh Doug Thompson writes in the rant today. I don't know. This is what he this is his opinion, all right Hey Are you starting to play that retardal country music again? Yes, here on kiss country. Let's get Johnny dark to pop out the country myths It's a new part There we go another course is always They all that Oh, yeah, what a finger man. What a fast finger Maybe Brady Quinn could find out how fast that finger is man. Oh Wash it off now I'll speak of that. Martha is too dirty to lead Democrats. That's the article by Doug Thompson on capital blue dot com. It's too dirty go wash it off But it says the purple ink stain I voted Incoming speaker with a house Nancy Pelosi promises changes in the creptoy Congress conducts his business But her shameless promotion depends on any representative John Murphy's exist her reign at the top will be business as usual when it comes to protecting one of her own One of the first rules of politics is to avoid the appearance of impropriety it doesn't matter if you're guilty of innocent of wrongdoing You must work your ass off to prove your above suspicion Martha unfortunately doesn't pass this smell test He has a long history of pandering to fat cat lobby It's manipulating the system for personal gain and using the power of office to benefit his family and friends and then there's abscan the FBI sting operation That targeted 31 elected officials and convicted a senator in five congressmen of robbering conspiracy Martha was one of those targeted because of his cozy relationship with defense lobbyist in a videotape Which they showed on the news last night. Martha turned down a bribe of fifty thousand dollars from an undercover FBI Did not because he felt it was wrong but to use his words because he didn't know him I'm not interested at this point. Martha said we do business for a while Maybe I'll be interested. Maybe I won't not interested at this point do business for a while or these two comments on honest man Or one who's just being careful careful And honest man would have stalked out of the room reported the attempted bribe. Merthated do either one He sat there unless the door open for a future relationship with the man who openly offered him a bribe Martha said he didn't do anything wrong. He's lying But not reporting the attempted bribe we became complicit in the corruption as long as part of life on capital Hill By keeping his mouth shut he gave support to a system that still exists today even with things like abscan and current scandals like Jack Abraham Pelosi promises to clean up congress and with the public rubbers looked by Republicans She'll need a big broom But any claim maybe she needs the swiffer duster But any claims of restoring integrity to government or invalidated when she openly backs the congressman with a checkered past and answered questions about his ethics Martha claims bringing up abscam as a swift voting attack engineer by support and for house leader job Merlin representative Stany Hoyer so much for democratic unity Pelosi's action to speak will be scrutinized at microscopic levels given her position as the first one to ever hold a job And her promises to turn congress into the most ethical legislative body in history dealing with Martha here was her first test and She flunked at this The biggest name so best talent This is real rotchrist for radio 560 Is thank gold work That being is tonight on TV land Neil Patrick Harris stars in back to back to back episodes of two gehouser proctologist all night long on TV land 45 speak of that the South African parliament yesterday approved new legislation recognizing game mergers How do you like that and first for a continent where homosexuality is largely taboo The national assembly passed a civil union bill worked out after months of heated public discussion by a vote of 231 Despite criticism from both traditionalist and gay activists and warnings that it might be unconstitutional There were three abstentions 2321 The bill provides for the volunteer union of two persons which is solemnized and registered not Sodomized but solemnized and registered by either a marriage or civil union It doesn't specify whether they are heterosexual or homosexual partnerships But it also says marriage officers need not perform a ceremony between same sex couples if doing so would conflict with his or her conscience Religion and belief When we obtained our democracy we sought to distinguish ourselves from an unjust painful past by declaring that never again Shall it be that any South African will be discriminated against on the basis of color Creed culture and sex homophairs minister and I have no idea what his name is called the national assembly There's nothing but consonants, you know, they need a file movement The bill have been expected to pass given the overwhelming majority of the ruling African national Congress despite unease among rank and file lawmakers And now has to go to the national council of provinces which is expected to be a formality before being signed in law by president taboo Mabekki MBEKI Oh wait didn't hear this, they're not not that this is any surprise But it's just they're so blatant, they're so flagrant, it's so obvious and there's so many stupid people out there Who actually are content and believe like it's a news organization fox news and oxymore and if there ever was one fox news my ass A hoffington post as this to a fox news internal memo and it's got a copy of it Be on the look up for any statements from the Iraqi insurgents thrilled at the prospect of a Democrat controlled Congress And here's the a Thursday update From Fox An internal fox news memo written by the network's vice president of news It says a couple of thumb pees to use a variation of bushes term speak today Web is one in Virginia the balance of power in the Senate is now 51 to 49 Sanders and Libra and I Liberman will organize with the dees. He'll come out and concede. Let's take it Rommisfile had a previous speaking engagement of Kansas here to be in a fine mood can one fake smile how that hide that much frustration will take that too The elections and Rommisfile's resignation were a major event, but not the end of the world the war on terror goes on without an enruption Jennifer Griffin said info on Hamas is called for attacks on American interest and let's be on the lookout for any statements from Iraqi insurgents Who must be thrilled at the prospect of a Democratic controlled Congress? The question of the day and indeed for the rest of Bush's term is what's the Democratic plan for Iraq? This could be a very short live shot for Jim Angle, but he'll try in the house the newly empowered Democrats will shed some fraternal blood before settling in. Merthable challenge lawyer for leadership a former Hawke versus a political hack Garrett will observe And we'll continue to work the Hamas threat to the U.S. that came ours after the election results We're in a tuba will include in their lives just because the Democrats won the war on terror is no Fair and balanced baby the fascist news network make no mistake But not like I said nothing to disince a prize right? Oh, thanks by the way for it now. I'm sure it was you that said me that Walmart propaganda I mean that anti Walmart DVD. I didn't watch you. Oh, what of our final listeners Sent us vote. I said thank you very much and thanks to a green fan day for that fantastic book about Thanks to Boca Brian for continuing to put those in the diplomatic pouch since obviously they they won't send anything in the you know that I said Well, they know you apparently They're not too big an illegal aliens. Okay. What do they care in Canada? They don't Canadian A lawyer's group has asked Germany to sue a former U.S. defense secretary Donald Remesville Over a life prisoner abuse in Iraq and Guantanamo Bay As in I book our rate the complaint was filed by the U.S. base Center for constitutional rights on behalf of a Saudi man held in Cuba and 11 Iraqis held in Baghdad Droomer law allows the pursuit of cases of originating anywhere in the world state prosecutors have yet to decide whether to pursue the case And an earlier request in the case in 2004 was dropped Michael Ratner the Senate's president said he felt the case had a better chance of succeeding now because the Mr. Ramestold was no longer an office couldn't exert the same political pressure Yet that the Senate had more evidence than it did in 2004 setting the case of the teen Saudi National Mohamed Al-Qatani Al-Qatani was a man who the U.S. alleged is al-Qatah who is in Gitmo and was exposed to an entire torture log of Al-Qatani over a period of two months They told the BBC The Center for Constitutional Rights argues that Ramestold was instrumental in the torture being committed to get Moe and that the jail Abugar in Baghdad And it goes on how they like that. Well, we got Henry Kishniers wanted in France for war crimes And now we got Kishniers in Germany. Let's put them on to play together and send them over there for a nice Speaking of crazy people by the way Rudy Giuliani he's got he's got two chances of getting the Republican nomination This yesterday I'll say it again. Not much less than none Wait to hear this. I already told you before the shore. I'm sure you'll fall off the chair. Do you fall yet? I'm getting a jury any comparison bush to Winston Churchill. Oh my god. I heard that story It looks like someone else is in a state of denial. It says yesterday a former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani set up that exploratory committee for a possible run in the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 Arizona Senator John McCain made a similar announcement over the weekend It is likely that bill fist Mitt Romney George Patakian my cuckabee. Oh, do the same in coming weeks my cuckabee my ass who that was that? As of now if he doesn't deed run, Giuliani will try to gain Republican support by closing up the president bush The former New York mayor defended George W. Bush yesterday even comparing the recent anti-Bruce sentiment to the kind that the late Winston Churchill received years ago It doesn't matter what the meeting does to ridicule him or Mr. Tripard him or defeat him They ridicule Winston Churchill. They be little Ronald Reagan, but like President Bush they were optimists Said Rudy Giuliani Who's one of the worst things he's got going for him is beside the ugly divorce and all the flandering is that his name ends in a vowel I think he needs a good vowel movement Rudy Giuliani and of course is former achieve a police who is using that The love nest over there across from the world trade center That's they're gonna hang around his luck like an albatross You're even by Harry Harvey and later by Stanley Dancer delete Here's a fact since he's after exercising my road to Biden vote and in doing so chose Democrats across the board I'm an independent when I heard about the Pelosi and the support for Martha and Elsie Hastings because she didn't like to other people Running even though they had no baggage. I was as pissed off at her as I am at the Republicans I hope she burns in hell the line deceptive beer see any rights be out stop with his nonsense Well, you have bitch bitch if you don't have the ball to say bitch that you don't belong on a planet, okay? Be I be I cooler. It's how you oh crap. It's crap No, no, it's not just yo yo. It's not just that black ease part of it's just People that don't want to say bitch. They say be odd. You know it's not funny. It's it's wimpy don't be a pusey man You be odd. I hope she burns in hell the line deceptive bitch. Perhaps the screams sound by associated with her name is more fitting than we thought The screams sound by associated with her name Is that it? I don't have any anybody's talking about Nancy Pelosi well, what does that mean I don't know those are canned screams what we got? Yeah, I don't really think Just calm down, okay? Just don't get you all your knickers in a wand. Oh, there's John McCain I believe that more Iraq under general Amazon is it but it would put about they're all dead over there's what he said about Iraq Everybody's dead 1180 dialed up 1180 WHA and Rochester one of the worst radio stations Although when I was a kid I used to win hockey tickets the Rochester Amherst game for Bob Turner who used to do the sports show on WHA I'm not exciting no It was really exciting to turn on the radio and have him you know, I know I know and I was the names of the five wonders because who had held on to go to hockey games anyway? Why we had we did okay The Rochester Amherst baby I'm giving up football. Tockey season the least you're off to a good start Panthers are really they're reeling They're not so hot. I don't I don't see how that franchise is gonna continue I just I don't I'm not call me crazy you crazy that last year you can't have you had a franchise with no crown There's no interest So I got a great idea. Let's do a hockey show. Ooh, I'll get remember on the hoard Jimmy Buffett has filed a lawsuit legend that a galliston merchant is unlawfully using his trademark to sell goods at an online store Jimmy Buffett. Now there's another Other real state of mind, you know like the Rascal house like the forge Jimmy Buffett Oh, but he's the keys man. He's not photo. Yeah, he's uh, you know Yeah, that's right. I'm gonna get you one word and subscribe. He man is so called music. That's it Little miss muffett said honor buffet Killing the curries okay, so no The lawsuit found this weekend federal court seeks to shut down Robert A cards website Under one hut dot com the lawsuit claims the website falsely represents itself as Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville online store from merchandise Well A lawyer for Buffett said part of the problem is that somebody items on a website with sells clothing and beach themed novelties are over priced Did it many of these products are ones acard is not even authorized to sell but primarily the problem is that in some cases The markup on the items is as high as 50% Lure Anthony buzzb said. Oh, that's a good name buzzb Mm-hmm, so like that name like buzzb Berkeley Jimmy Buffett's not in the business to make money certainly not anymore. It doesn't appreciate what this guy's been doing and based on his music I'm glad he's not in business to make any money Songs recorded by Buffett 15 I include Margaritaville changes in latitude changes in attitude and cheaper rent paradise Oh, what about come Monday Yeah, that's when you can play it again come someone big and I'm not on Are you drinking y'ay who's Acards attorney Darrell F. L said he would vigorously oppose Buffett's efforts He said he would be buff him. He said Buffett is a financial empire trying to shut down this fall business calling we complain A classic case of David versus Galif it's like Wayne Hizinga and at four Pete a pizza guy remember that That's right It was versus block yeah and he closed the four banks to down and drove out of business Ty's going away and you grave robber you maniac you pocket marked lunatic Incarted already modified his website and response to complaints from Buffett's lawyers regarding what they said were implied times between the set and the singer After taking these steps into good faith to comply with these requests Jimmy Buffett then started restraining word to shut down the side without any warning to Mr. Ray Carter myself As his attorney, Afel said the site remained online yesterday Afel said need to he knew Ray Carter but given notice of a restraining order a federal judge and a vattershot down the cards last week site related Jimmy Buffett which was called parents of the Caribbean dot com. Oh Baby that Jimmy Buffett You really sucks. Well you guys don't like anybody do you know we don't we like such Never had a problem with Jimmy Buffett. I don't like him, but you know I don't like him. I don't like his music I don't like that whole keys thing, you know I don't like the whole I mean how many years have been in Florida over Never been to the keys never any desire to go there And then there reminds me of with all the respect to let's see bitch there I said if the scheme is what they play on a America when Pelosi's mentioned I don't hear about era America. I have no interest in what they play or what they do or what they say and they're good luck to you Okay, said bitch Congratulations to Borchop a little bit Bitch, I want to say just gonna say before you see me that facts. I don't know oh the keys and no interest in the keys and everything I don't Or you don't like the keys to get drunk. Josh don't go to the keys. He just stuck all the time right there by his house go to the keys to To go to Beach and Boach and Queens. Yeah bunch of silly queen. Yeah, but I'm pointing and saying you Fairly goes to the keys because of the fags. That's it. Oh Believe me me and here. I don't need to go to the keys to see that Yeah Comframes are watched a lot with news of the hottest children's boy the stiffness and I say Christmas because I believe there is a war on Christmas in this country and I for one refuse to use the word holiday Of course I'm talking about the newest offering from the I B toys Chico me Michael J. Fox Yes, but all the six uncontrollably when placed in front of a camera Or when seated in front of a congressional subcommittee and Especially when being interviewed by Katie Corrette and When you squeeze its belly blade is in gentleman. They tickle me Michael J. Fox doll even speaks. I'll have a good Oh And best of all the tickle me Michael J. Fox doll if it's perfectly in your young child's arms Because the tickle me Michael J. Fox doll here's actual size So this breakfast once upon a time what's shaking the answer is the tickle me Michael J. Fox doll from I V toys Mega Dados Oh, God one or three at five sixty WCM. Let's pass this along again. All oh, it's only Wednesday But just reminded of next two days because I am very good. Let's pass this along remember that OJ story that you read today and To we get going everything like that here's a misunderstanding it over and over and over again We had that story about the OJ book and the TV show and all those other crap if I did weeks ago from the inquiry And one of the first things I read on the year this morning was the story about OJ and the fox two part the thing on the 27th of the 29th of this month And the fact that book is coming out of November 3rd all mid So stick it okay quit sending us stuff that we already know about and I'm sure must be on our website is it on their Josh? Let me take a look Let me take a puke ahead. I mean I know I said it do, but is it on there for today or for tomorrow? Let's see One moment please you see it See Josh would know if he really read these things thoroughly post to post just a joke. I just breeze through those just a joke when you relax Jesus got her you up tight and out of sight 1.8 million clear channel Afghanistan chaining next to the I don't know if it's on there now. Maybe I didn't send it to you Or maybe it will be on there tomorrow, but I want to say it to you for tomorrow. Whenever the hell I did it's gonna be on there And I already read it and leave us alone with your freaking OJ okay take OJ and put his head in your dome Okay, I'll probably already in there God So it's the same person he's actually is that story over and over again like we don't know about it Was probably my bad for trying to cancel it because you know what if I started oh that's not a good idea Because they're persistent baby for assistance phase off and of course once they find out that you don't want it then they send an 80 million times What he's really trying to say is OJ Kill the coal yeah if I'd done it if If chickens peed man there'd be a flood on your head OJ you stupid bastard Yeah, this is just another way to why what he gets we have my name for this book Right, which the govins and the browns will get that's it put he do do Maybe they didn't have to make some issue fly pie and apple pan doubty Anyway, see you got me off my off my pointed rounds here once again. I understand the method you madness We have 1200 roads by the way I like that without even pushing his pole and also I think I put it on your butt. I don't know I don't know what was going on with Eric yesterday because I said him the pole. I think I've fixed it from like three times and And finally around 715 he put it up there so I could switch it He's just getting upset because we had 1600 votes on the pole while the show was still on yesterday And he's jealous of that I think he's pissed off because we're not getting as many reads on those stories as we always did and that started right after he Lush was over so like oh, well give us a rest now. I understand that can't you understand that sure why not whatever give us a word Give us a breather now, okay, put on someone those really entertaining calls not Like that one at the end of the Kenny and vote show this morning at the Johnny G or joy whatever his it was So you tell me that's a fake collar. I don't know that just what it sounded like to me The BSO is DUI task force will be conducting saturation patrols This is for on you drum shot there for our years actually I don't know why to help we do this why do we do this because it's a public service like you said not a public service It's it's an it's aiding in a bedding No, no drugs what they're doing is they're doing checkpoints and pulling everybody over Yeah, and destroying everyone's ability to travel about mine their own business ability to build a drinking drug No, anyway, you've never been stuck in a check point The BSO DUI task force will conduct saturation patrols this Saturday November 18 from 830 PM They'll five an a.m. the following morning in areas of north-orderdale Oakland Park and on a corporate It's central County in fear drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively in for Throw your ass in a slimmer and your car to and impound your house and your dog and your kids and everybody and your Mine a burden your cockatoo This information is publishing compliance with a Supreme Court really mandated and prior announcement is selected to serve as a and for a selective enforcement activity Yadia In other words, it's not near because they law requires them to do it Supreme Court said you gotta put on it You can't just all of a sudden surprise, you know like here go pull over and We'll We'll everybody over They put cones out in the road and block all the traffic and make sure that nobody gets behind Against put their color now or if they're putting cones out in the road they ought to put Stanley J. Cohen out there I'll take it that I Former boss at I and Z He used to drive that yellow civil used to call it the Pimp Mobil Wow Nothing like a guy named Stanley J. Cohen in in opaloccanoless where the station was I and Z and I 95 which later became Z to out there in the middle of Actually that's Carol city and then what I just said? Let's say it will lock it. Well it's close to opaloccanolaca. Yes, it's Carol city Of course Carol city ain't far from where the stadium is which is right about where you are right now right down the road Yeah, right by your drug dealer and the barber shop and tuck in the sub center and of course the the diner The stadium diners now what that's called yes Remember we got those omelets from the stadium diner that time That one time yeah Joshua Holland writes on the smoking chip public school teacher gives lesson in right-wing Christian tolerance Oh boy that was depressing that's three about the exchange student from Poland He got a salty pressing huh he got off lucky A history teacher at the local public high school in Kurnie New Jersey may have been not more than he cares to chew this fall Self-described conservative Baptist David Pasquitz used his history class to partial at times biblical fundamentalism over the course of several days at the beginning of this school year Among his remarks in open class were statements that a being must have created the universe That the Christian Bible is the word of God and the dinosaurs were bored. No is arc if you do not accept Jesus He flatly per came to his class you belong in hell. I'll ride This is a public school teacher Referring to a Muslim student been mentioned by a name he lamented what he saw as her inevitable featured she not convert and an attempt to promote biblical creationism He also dismissed evolution in the big bang is non-scientific arguing by contrast that the Bible is supported by what he calls confirmed biblical prophecies the After taking the matter of the school administration what a passcode student's junior Matthew Leclair Requested a meeting with a teacher and the school principal you go mat or Clarary non-Christian was requesting an apology in correction of false and anti-scientific statements after two weeks of meeting Meeting sir placed in principal's office where in Pasquitz night making any of the comments claiming that Leclair were taken into Marseille to context Pasquitz specifically denied using the phrase you belong in a hell He also asserted nothing different this class. He's been doing in 15 years of teaching Here's the sweet part at the end of the meeting with care where we're feeling he had recorded their remarks and presented the principal with two compact discs curses it says for by modern science The teacher then declined to comment further without his union representative however you fired one line shot of the student saying You got the big fish you got the big Christian guy who's a teacher? This guy will certainly go down as a martyr of the ACLU's in civic political correctness and another good Christian to press by evil secularists No apologies been forthcoming from the teacher or from the school the parents state that because they've been the students in action They've taken the matter to the school board this week from whom they are waiting a response Apparently this mat and the fair is a pretty cool kid last year who had an impassioned defense of his refusal to stand for the pledge of a leading the like I said you go mat our kind of guy As a mark fully would say sentence of picture When I sit out the McCarthy or a version of the pledge it is not because I don't care about respect or love my country He said just the opposite is because I do our country is taking many dangerous turns lately We've given away many of our freedoms through the so-called Patriotic radical elements threatened to turn out democracy and away theocracy Groups the majority doesn't understand like homosexual and black girls and liberals are regularly treated with scorn content and disrespect Hey Matt you're fairly I don't sit because standing is too hard because we said in the plant takes too long It would be much easier to stand and not have people telling me I'm on patriotic a communist where I'm spitting out America Most of these comments haven't been made by students but teachers and staff members The adults who are supposed to be teaching a citizenship Standing would be a small act indeed sitting is the big one nice going Matt. How do you like that? Great him for president It says in this story PS one or more of you just read on some right wing blog about a Muslim school teacher in touch Kent who told us class something equally offensive you're about to write the comments that my favorite to cover that Important story proves once and for all that I'm hateful and abuses toward all Christians Despite the fact that Mr. Pasquavitz is clearly a nutjob Who represents a tiny minority of their love? Don't do it. Why? Because I don't live in Uzbekistan I don't pay taxes in Uzbekistan They're what I said my children doing as Uzbekistan any school if I had any I have no clue whether the Uzbekistan constitution guarantees the separation of church and state but ours does I'm very fundamental level. I don't care what people say in touch Kent I'm not the ap or wrote is make no claim to covering everything that you might find interesting only what I do and if you see a story about a Muslim teacher in an American Public school trying to similarly indoctrinate his or her students He may have it to mean a guarantee. I'll receive the news with equal offense and snarky appropriate. How do you like that? Oh, snarky. It's Joshua Holland snarky appropriate. I'll write used to play second base for the pirates 1210 WCAU Philadelphia What what is it with all these old AM Yes, it's old stuff. Remember I did that pull about stuff that I talked about too much for my old stuff old radio stations back when your radio was actually worth owning Birdman for radio 560 Yeah Hey go up those check-in pants Mojo today. I am here and you are And I can't say anymore That for me thanks a no small part to that guy midday show guy Yeah, yeah, that's that guy. I'm a hell of a you met him. I did it Yes, I don't know who ever would let's take some calls and shall wait Prestigia said bud polyacity Yeah, hi mom. Yeah, what do you know what is it? When are people gonna realize this this is a sport show and nothing else? Absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sport And by the way, some they paid me to ogle and in my amendment this here is a show for men About men like this melee pants and chats You stole the pizza? You stole the pizza. I did not take no pizza. I don't be ridiculous Do the pizza. I don't know what I'm talking about Still more pizza I did not steal no pizza Now see here I ain't no pie by blender Oh, the pizza. I did not steal the pizza You only had one slice. They're okay. So it was a whole pie. Okay, those buns had no power. I was hungry I sacrificed a lot too you know that was no doctor Browns just don't taste the same without the doctor Browns It's grudus and that's my own said did it good night and kiss my ass 18 at five 60 what do we miss him or what huh? No, no? Well Come on to 14 votes on a poll. I'm sure that's a part of the audience the sadistic part or maybe the masochistic part Mrs. Can you believe the sun is shining? Oh look at that. There's the tsunami in eastern Japan a 16 inch highway and there's all the Japanese You see that it might be thought that's all this what's that? Oh big fuss Oh my god You know that's a good that is an excellent pool, which I don't think we've done a long time Who's the most objectionable person who's ever on your TV screen Richard Quest and really cause be? In case is causing serious loss. I mean there is a hyena a donkey's ass with donkey teeth. I mean what? Who just as obnoxious as any brick could possibly be any subhuman could be I was gonna say human I turned over to MSNBC to see if read was on with her in commercial. Okay, so maybe maybe we'll be fortunate to get Richard Quest and read a cause be back. Let me great sure This story just makes me want to do a number one two three and four right on the floor Fox news reporter's freed for $2 million terrorists used cash for arms to hit Zionist payment said to encourage more abductions Great Fox news help it wherever they can no no Palistic and terror groups and security organizations in the Gaza strip received $2 million from the U.S In from a U.S. source and exchange for the release of Fox news employees Steve Centani and Olaf Wig who were kidnapped last summer in Jerusalem A senior leader one of the groups suspected the abductions told world news a daily world net daily They terror leader from the Gaza based popular resistance committee said his organization share the money was used to purchase weapons Which he said will be utilized to hit designers He said he expects the payments for a centani and Wig's freedom will encourage Palestinian groups to carry out further kidnappings Officials associated with Palestinian Authority President Machmut Abbas's Fatak party and its security organization The preventative security forces confirmed to WND money was paid for the release of the Fox news reporters A senior leader of the Alex and martyrs brigade terror group the declared military wing of a top said the group received a small percentage of the two million dollars Which all parties interviewed said was transferred in cash Centani and Wig were released last August after being held hostage by terrorists and Gaza for nearly two weeks Surely before the release of video was issued showing the two dressed in beige Arab style robes and appearing to convert to Islam wig in as Elon citizen gave an anti-Western speech with his face expressionless Centani leader explained he and Wig were forced to convert to Islam at gunpoint one week after the abduction WND work of story a Clant from the Gaza strip which leads to the terror cells of the popular resistance committees were prom suspects in the kidnappings Senior Palestinian officials told WND their investigation in the abductions led them to the drugmage family based in Canunis and Gaza City they said the events the clan was heavily involved and it goes on but it would put above and $2 million in cash was transferred to the preventative security services, but we still don't know what where came from You don't think it could be from Rupert Murdoch do you and anybody at Fox news huh To get their people out so that the terror because I thought we didn't negotiate with the kidnappers and terrorists Isn't that the old saw that we're always here to about or only old way, but what's what not? Tsar people you know Right whatever you say Disgrace lobby is Jack A. Bermal convicted of federal charges after using expensive gifts campaign donations and exotic trips to when access to the powerful Washington imported a prison this morning to which we say All right, A. Bermal for Rived it about 60 to this morning. They relatively secluded prison facility in western Maryland and began to serve an early Sisi a prison sense for a fraudulent deal to buy fleet of a dingy beats base fleet of some crews of casinoships in 2000 A. Bermal for his delivered out of a side of waiting reporters and camera crews and his arrivals announced an a two-per-graph statement by a prison representative The part of the camp where a Bermal will be kept always gonna be held in camp good Is a 334 Bed minimum security facility located in the red industrial park along north branch of the Potomac River Abram opportunity guilty in January and lying a tilongian financial statements and creating phony documents to persuade Lenders to back a bid for some crews A vera spend cooperating with prosecutors no wide ranging justice to barming in query of bribery and influence peddling in the federal government He could hold a key to a sweeping corruption case involving Congress members of the Bush administration and their aides and Prasic has said putting their star witness behind bars would impede the investigation But amy me federal judge refused to delay the sense being a Baroff's cooperation will have to continue from prison We'll be inmate number yati adi Adi his lawyers had no comment You got his inmates number on here if you want to communicate with him. No I'm very important. I'm good. Thanks. Are you good? Yeah Trice is gonna watch max point tonight give us a report to our like doing a book report for school, you know I watched American dad last night and I thought it was just fine. It was a funny as hell was it was great to good chef Stuff that needs to be said And this a and you know I thought it was only me. I'm sure not only me, but this thing would log cabin Republicans It's like news for Jesus, you know, it's like blacks for the clan. It just didn't make any sense by people with a death wish Did you like his little play his Abraham Lincoln play? Yeah, and how come a blinking God involved? Yeah. Oh, yeah That was cute A lot of deep significance in that thing. It's really deep. Mm-hmm Kind of like what's going on a QA. It's very very deep. Now we should quit picking on poor Kenny Not personal It's not picking on him. I would like to see him do the kind of show that I know he wants to do Yeah, and over is he that you would listen to or Or anybody else for that matter it's more important that other people want to listen to it. No You're taking a sparing person. Yeah, it's business and I think somebody's gonna be taking a personal And then you know what's gonna happen if they fail Because of your negativity. I'm gonna take the blame. Oh that needle. He makes sure everybody else fails, you know He wouldn't support Chuck Meyer in that great morning show on IOD and yeah Then support the music on Zeta right I Hope everybody on this station gets double digit numbers in the ratings Right because it makes more money for us I mean, what would you rather be would you rather be like on the Titanic and try to hang on for dear life? Would you rather be like on you know some luxury cruise ship that's like same in long with us everybody's gonna happy song. I'm the same all to have a hundred share there you go All day every day all day 27 that's like woodbinds open and you realize that the slots at Gulfstream I believe if we had a report of there We would know for sure, but and we had a buddy of facts to say anything No, probably take a call or two on it, but I'm sure we won't get any And I don't want I don't want to go there. You don't understand I don't want I don't want I have to be that desperate to open up and start taking calls to find out what to do But they've been open an hour and a half almost and the world is still spinning the sun is shining here How about the sun is shining there? Yeah somewhere somewhere Yeah, and the birds are still and look at that. It's a 48 degrees here. All right. It's gonna be 50. How do you like that? Not toasty it is and there's a little bit of sunshine for the first time in days is actually the sun is up there You know what's gonna happen on Friday? What we're gonna get some ice cream and maybe some weenies right what do you mean maybe some weenies? Why oh no? Yes The primies This is 2021 George the Republicans had their ass headed to the turn the election Here's a recording of what Dick said during his campaign the president of the United States is just honest This a president of the United States purposely This led to the American people. What do you think about that? The Chinese man and a faithful Muslim Well George we got a surprise for you here's the chanium self George. What do you do with that baby girl? Dick Chanies and ask You can do it Crazy Tonight All right, 131 at 560 some really interesting editing in that bit I know I'm a good person that wasn't what am I I know 1232 votes and what what do you mean by that? I thought it was just fun. It's just you know You know a little bit I didn't blur in the exercises that was on and around like a drill and And fully the father of former representative Mark Fully died last night I'd be like that. Oh, I don't because isn't known yet, but Ed Foley was diagnosed with cancer in 2004 Mark Fully let's see he still said to be a rehab facility in Arizona undergoing treatment for alcohol and behavior Or leisure you In 2004 when fully dropped out of the race for you. I sin it He said it is a father's recent cancer diagnosis as the reason he's always been there for me I have to be there for him fully set up the time and now he's in rehab Miss Foley As we turn another page in the history of the and the tragic history of the Foley family I guess That bad then bad taste turning another page whatever over 532 votes we could have made 13 today easy, but why to help put a lot of pressure on huh? That's right just ease into a man easy to win each other Senator Julie women the now independent democrat from Connecticut could be the most powerful member of the US Senate according to a front page article that was in today's Edition of the New York Times It's hard to imagine how laborman could have emerged better from last week selection mark leave of it It was reelected comfortably in the democratic party He still belongs to is now a majority at that majority of slim enough to turn labormen into arguably the Senate's most influential member You know anybody out there's got an influential member. I've actually that Brady Quinn's got an influential member Leave it to itself that if labormen were to leave the democratic party the Senate would effectively be under Republican control because under constitution rules vice president Dick Cheney gets to cast-type breaking votes It was very painful for him to have all these people he thought were his friends and braces opponent whiny equally whiny GOP Senator Susan Collins is quoted as saying Kenneth Moss whiny Susan Collins or Julie women now not only is he elected resoundingly, but he's also the key to which party controls the Senate. She was whining But we ever find are they I think they're in a nonstop spot on MSNBC I don't think they're ever gonna go or am I on saddening where I'm on I want to see if redesign your girlfriend That's the that that that that that that that what all right timing The times out of colossal reveals that labormen according to people close to mistil miffed if not bitter about the support is unknown I'm tested and I'm from a new democratic challenging nettle amount received from the senators parties allies Well, the reason that Lamont got this word is that he isn't Julie Lebron He's not a turn code He's not a George Bush looking right wing Israel first or lunatic I would say that Julie women is the wolf let's create a politics and that wolf let's create is the Julie women of a so-called journalism I use the term very loosely Despite being disappointed with Carl Roe's election performance President Bush is a greedy keep his teeth political adviser for the remainder of his administration and administration Services said mister over sought to stay with Bush until the end of his presidency The sources said this by pressure on a present to be shuffle a staff for next year Mr. Bush wants Mr. Roe by his side He knows too much source said The last thing the president wants is another published memoir and book tour of life inside the White House wouldn't that be sweet? I'd buy that one The sources said Mr. Bush was unhappy with the failure of Roe's election strategy which focused on national security They said the geopoliti would probably lead to a different relationship between the two men For his part the president appeared to blame Roe for the Republican party's election strategy They found the notion that there would be no significant swing vote and a jocular tone that a company They stealing gaze both portrayed himself as working the campaign circuit while Roe said in the White House strategizing I Obviously was working harder in the campaign than he was Bush said a rope What that stupid as a dumbledore a laugh when I grin the sources said mister Roe would be the except for the plans for an overall administration Shaker they said the resignation of defense secretary Domarumselve belongs to a wave of departures from the White House as part of an effort to ensure cooperation with the Democratic-led Congress The goal here is survival a GOP strategy. It's kind of like a seric hue and the goal is survival And now that we got Greg Reed back into building with his zoot suit on all the time over there at town 96 allegedly gonna straighten their act out Maybe get some of that rigotoning music off here that Tanner is killing him with Can you believe that talk about a bad penny one where they say about a bad penny? I'll be showing back. Yeah, no something like that As a result the president and vision cooperation with the Democratic-controlled Congress initially such as Iraq and immigration The sources said the administration domestic agenda highlighted by sources security reform in tax cuts would be shelved as the Democratic-advocacy to reverse the achievements of the outgoing GOP Like the achievements my ass I think this ends 26 years of hard right conservative is said Senator Joe Biden a Delaware referring to last week's election results I think they closed the book on that To which we say a right thanks God close the book on a baby. I'll don't close it too hard. I might bleed 1241 votes on the pool. Let's see how they're doing Which religious group is the most militant born again Christians 596 almost half 48 percent I think we're alienating the board again Christians just like you're alienating our good friends in a morning show there G For the game Christians 596 Muslim 316, but that's not even close not even close the A born against a got almost half of votes and the Muslims only a little over a quarter 25.4 percent Scientologists have got 105 which I think that's more than they're actually our scientists How many how many members do you think they have worldwide a world wide? Million I Hate this pool 94 7.5 percent which we take great umberge and we're pretty peoed about that not Catholic 66 just edging out narrowly orthodox Jews with the big hats in the Tiffillin and the alongbeards and all the schmothas on 64 for the orthodox Jews The real ultra farbizzen out of 1243 votes not too shabby not bad not spectacular But like I said I think I think now in the holidays are here in the course everybody's out shopping Am I right? Oh, yeah Don't we like move into a different gear now from from this point to the end of the year to after New year right high gear We're into a different gear and I think basically the good philosophy like you said a little while ago Is what just show up when we feel like it is the mood strikes us you know If we feel like we're obligated to be here on a given day then we'll all show up if not maybe One or two of us wants you up and then if none of us you know if we happen to get up on you know Like our biorems are all the same on a given day nobody shows up and Then then they can stick and I sports show in there from tend to to for a while right like they want to and then clearance will say wow Did you hear that that was really great now that fag talk? I got news for a man. I know more about Brady Quinn and all your sports people put together Okay, you could play on my team and the fact that I'm rooting for Notre Dame when I see them play that that is disgusting Just like me rooting for Michigan when Tom Brady was playing it. That is disgusting as a Spartan from Michigan state Even I think I attended about eight classes there, but nevertheless To be rooting for teams just because they got a real hot quarterback that is the ultimate in February And I confess to it readily and enthusiastically and very happily You know what I'm saying what he says? I don't care Love Notre Dame. Maybe what's the house that the fights on go noted in fight song Josh. How's that go? You're just a big fan of fighting our touchdown Jesus 21 till 2 at 5 60 W to Q and see and clear our six without two sports on their show you still a queen You you silly little pussy decriminalized pot in Florida I'm dying on the ground. I hope to join in the morning. I hope to join in the afternoon. It makes me feel alright All right. I smoke to join the time of three and we'll try my own oh Libedille Now I smoke to the door when I get up In the car I smoke to the door I smoke to the door when I believe he'll get And every 10 thousand boys I smoke to the door I smoke to the door He's time I'll free And do it time I'll walk I smoke to the door We all smoke to the door And pay the time I smoke to the door I smoke to the door I smoke to the door I smoke to the door I smoke to the door He's time I'll be walking back My mama, they want something to do They better get in Then wonder how I met them at Tell me a day you felt All good, then all will find So take care of him That's why I smoke to the door If he's morning I smoke to the door I smoke to the door If he'll happen to, it makes me feel alright All right All right I smoke to the bedroom He's time I'llever I smoke to the door I smoke to the door He's failing for anything I smoke to the door I smoke to the door If he he's awake All right One forty eight at five sixty wcum just minutes away from the gym manager Mr. Mad Dogg two and then of course Mr. Mad Dogg and Mr. Humper at four to five with the power hour. Hank from five to seven. Then we got a bunch of hurricanes though. Craig Meshers in for any kids in a clock tonight with a little mishmosh because any cake is on a way to Vegas. And you're like that. What a deal. Can you see me doing my show from Vegas? Why not? Let's do that. How about I do my show from woodbine. I'm on my favorite my sheen mine. I don't think so. A former telemarketers agreed to play a young neighbor public in the phone jamming flood against new hamster democrats four years ago. Sean Hanson I'm under for he was one of the handsons. But you're too dare to think about it right up. Don't don't do it. You know I can't say. I'm a handsome faces I told you there was one good song ahead when he was like pounded on the piano and I remember the video and I was pretty good. Make me find it though. You don't have it. You already told me you ain't got it. Sean and I'm the audience is very grateful that you ain't got it. Sean Hanson faces two federal counterconspiracy committee interstate telephone harassment in a deal with prosecutors. No sensing date was posted. In 2002 Hanson owed my low enterprises. I wonder if that's kin with my low Hamilton the baseball announcer. And I know who tell marketing company, prosecutors say we see $2,500 to place hundreds of hang up telephone calls to democratic get out the vote phone banks and he ride to the pool line run by Manchester's firefighter's union. Three former Republican officials were convicted of the phone jamming plot. Former State Republican committee executive director Chuck McGee served seven months in federal prison after admitting to the two a devising the scheme he devised that it did it. Chuck McGee I wonder if he was kind of fragmented he used to be on the scene. He knew his memory when the glasses frankly. Of course you know no. It's not me. He died before you were like born frankly. I wonder if he was in the favor me. Who. Twelve hundred and sixty twelve sixty there it is again WAMLM and I'll be a mission maybe I'll go to Albion maybe I'll go back there to close out my career. Wouldn't that be great. What it. Right back where you started from. I didn't start there I started in Batavia New York Mr. W. I mean that's where you would say. I should go back there. Go to the track Batavia down. Pop John Paul the tooth on a fast track to St. Hood. Oh my God. This is just. I don't know one of those where you don't know where to laugh or cry you know. All the Catholic soldiers barely aging out the earth at shoes on our. Malignant pool. Like I said a lot of the Saudis is going over look many many years of butchering and molesting all those things you know. Small potatoes that's right. The Vatican can stew could soon be still say what is it again. He's been soon be still saying that upon Pope John Paul the tooth. The slob on a slab. The late pot of his ability to have had a hand in two divine interventions led to the miraculous recovery of terminal patients. Wow. Wow. He heals the sick. The Vatican is currently investigating claims made earlier this month that a man was miraculously cured of lung cancer. If Dr. Sid was beyond remedy. The man's wife attributes to recovery to an intercession by Pope Paul John Paul the tooth who died in April the last year. The apparently wondrous healing of Nikola Grippov. So there know Italy is not the first postom is miracle attributed to Carol Joseph Wajstilla the former Polish pope. Following a second miracle of sign of the poll earlier this year the development could help to fast track job John Paul tooth's path to St. Raikber and read I'm so tongue died. St. John. You know it reminds me of it's like the British with all these writings of Sir. Yes. Sir. And Sir. And Sir. All the subtle. Sir. Would love you. The Vatican's coverage. Sir. Brady Quinn Sir. Lloyd of Beef. The Vatican's congregation for the causes of Saints casually known as the Saint Factory. It's also looking to claim that John Paul the tooth intercede on behalf of a French nun who was incapacitated by Parkinson's disease. Oh, where is he now that we need to Michael Z. Fox and the documents of our own body. The state. That problem out that the debate after members of our community prayed for the intercession of the deceased pope who during his lifetime and suffered from the same degenerative disease. The elderly woman experienced a complete lasting recovery. He was already dead. How do you like that now that's the same. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. Similarly grips wife Elizabeth says that after she prayed Pope John Paul the tooth on behalf of her. Ealing husband. We're still appeared to her in a dream holding a on a road of white cobblestones, Mr. Grimpton told Los Stomp on Newspapers, the 76-year-old man was diagnosed with cancer three years ago, and doctors told him the tumors which it spread to his lungs kidney and spine were an operable and would soon kill him. Our transmission bureau of Piano brought the case to the Vatican after he learned of the medically inexplicable recovery from doctors at St. Louis and Samuel in Arto Hospital in Solerno. The recovery is lasted, he told Elmatino newspaper in November the second, and a year and a half later the inexplicable remains confirmed. It was a prodigious intervention in Miracle of the First Order Pied Rochet. I didn't like that. A prodigious intervention. That's just a regular pedestrian ordinary intervention. A prodigious one. I heard a fact word digit. What did you stick at that sequester? Back to them. I don't know the first time. So anyway, OJ's got the book coming out in November 30th, if I did it, and what a seriously, there are some things that just leave you limp. You know what? It would be so weekly you just didn't want to dignify them with a response. What's it to say? The best part of it is that a bunch of idiots are going to go out there and buy it. You know what I mean? Oh yeah, they will. They'll make one real. Like these crazy people in Australia just got through reading about the miracles. The pub came to them in the dream. He was holding a small child. Maybe Mark Folder's going to come to the dream holding a child. Maybe not quite that small. Five six. Hi, this is OJ. Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches. So I recommend to you through OJ Simpson, bitch jack for women. Believe me brothers, you won't get jack with bitch jack. To the past, the small homilivised the old bitches leg and you can track her all around half and just in case she cheated, she'll get up beaten. You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch jack for women, let's out in inaudible beef and sound. It only you can hit. And once they catch her, she's all yours. Excuse me, Mr. Simpson. We tracked down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her? Well, thank you, officer. Oh, handle this. You bitch. Don't you know our track and you with bitch jack. I'm gonna cut your throat you bitch. I'm gonna shoot. So remember, your whole won't get very far with OJ Simpson's new bitch jack for women. Hey, just because OJ's free. No mean no bitches got to be free too. YESk! What bloody shit there?