I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8 I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8 You know that's my very last throw! I'm going to be there with the brand. Ten O2 at five sixty I don't want to step on that. I'm going to be there with the brand. Anyway it's two minutes after it's Tuesday, September 26th, so those who are keeping track almost October already. Man are we doing it or why? No, it's something. Have the trends come out yesterday and boy and man the station is number 16 and we're proud of it. I don't think have we ever reached a depth like that? Oh, I don't know. Problem all these years. That's the overall number for the whole week. Number 16 are sports station. We're number 16. We're at and proud of it too, by the way. Make no mistake about that. Here's our poll from yesterday. The politician I trust most is. We had 1580 vote. By the way, we got 873 for today. We might have a thousand by 11 o'clock. You think? We might. The politician I trust most is none. They're all crooks. That was the correct answer. Very good. 553, almost 35% of the audience. Much as cynics. I voted for that and so did you. Here. Bill Clinton's 351, Al Gore 161, winner without the lock box. Russ Fyngold 129. Bobby Graham 98 at first. Fyngold has had a more grayish name and they like him even better. I think. 78 Barack Obama 63, there is the dark horse. Not maybe not dark enough for some, but probably too dark for George Allen. Barack Obama, he demand. He's got 63. George W Bush only 43, 2.7% for your furlust leader. The politician I trust most. John McCain 34. I hate this poll 33, Rudy Giuliani 33. Eleyitz Spitzer 31. Next Governor New York and the next President of the U.S. Ted Kennedy 21, John Kerry 13, Nancy Pelosi 11, Hillary Clinton only 11. Solomon Teolensay, not too good, not too impressive. Arlon Spectre has only got a pair and Bill fist has won. Nobody got left out. Nice going Billy Boy. See what you saw seven I'd stock for you. Had a bunch of George Allen stuff. 19 dead people in Afghanistan, couple of roadside bombings, any interest. What's that kind of doing with that big game in the Super Bowl last night Neil? Nothing. Your hominimence I watched in that game. I would say a total of four. A total of four, not all at once. I was because they're. Although the two times I turned over to it, it went in eight stainless and it was non competitive. Maybe Josh saw something. Did you watch it? I watched a lot of it. Yeah, did you? Well, did it land a Mr. Team Vus or something? They looked off a non-campus weenist to me non-competitive. They just couldn't compete with the emotion. Is that what it is? Put the emotion in the basket? Well, thank God we got the Super Bowl back in shape, baby. Man, they're all whipped up and a new Orleans is back now. Of course, all those poor slippers and who's housing they're still in. And all those schools and hospitals are still long way from being open. I would be surprised that school in Iraq opens, that school for hospital for children opens before any of the hospitals in Orleans. You know, the one that Laura's all excited about? Oh, yeah. The one that's also on the other. I believe it's Tuesday. Yeah. That's right. That's the one you got it. They're the happy people. See, there you go being cynical again. People don't like that. They want they want. And I'm talking about me. They want you to jump on that bad wagon. We love the war. The same stuff back. You know, we had to be doing a sensor marching in stuff like that. As opposed to all the reality of the truth, the public doesn't like the truth. They like window dressing. They like, uh, masquerades. How about you if I be first this thing, we got 900 votes on the days. Pull already. We do exactly 900. Man, do I know my crap or what? What was that promo that mad dog was talking about all the bird crap on and done to cut back her. Do you hear that? No. He said six pigeons crack on her shoulders on like that. I don't hear the problems. Well, you better stop telling them. I don't think you're going to be full. Sorry. Right. You're going to alien it's your fault. Now I'm beginning to understand. I said, where your sales manager won't come around there and answer a simple one. I think that meeting is still in progress. Is it really for me? What a bunch of it. It's not so much a meeting as it is a seminar. Another seminar seminar on what? Not a salad. And how not to sell the midday show? Maybe they don't have a seminar. Listen, I don't think the reviewer's on that. Now I got X. I got the all the aggravation yesterday. I could use this to it. I have eight. I haven't planted pretty juries. Coffee, coffee, crunch. I'll sacrifice. I've go to that's what it takes. I was 196 on the scale this morning. I haven't weighed that much in five. But three, four years. I haven't weighed that much over 195. 96. And point four. 96 point four on the didn't will scale on a way to do it early. Grave. Thanks to this play. And then just, you know, when you keep saying to yourself, why, what's the point? You know, just keep the checks cuts it. I was shaving this morning. I was shouting at the mirror. Just keep the checks coming in and how would it work? But I really was. And that's okay. I'm not going to make that up. I was shouting at the mirror. Well, at least I had a good captive audience anyway. Nobody's going to give me any crap. I'm not going to take it any extra. That's right. 901. But your Joe Bells are happy. Capri, Jolly, D'Rollie, Joe, and he's got that sales manager. When he was got that big seminar going, they used to feed them some pretty heavy do-do-do-do. And of course, once we saw that trend come out yesterday. Wow. See, the good thing about it is this outfit doesn't need ratings. They don't sell ratings. They just, they have 8,000 salespeople. And if each one sells one spot, you know what I'm saying? Then we're all saying. Well, who has this read the most kind? You guys are poll today. Was that one of Sean's polls? Thank you, Sean. I already got to Mars poll. Ready? I'm excited. Who has this read the most kind? Do I say the very off-sided second day in a row? We have a off-sided read result. Ronald Reagan, remember him? Ronald Reagan, 411. We got 901 votes. He's got almost half of them. Not see bastard. Now you can't say that about the guy that died. He had that all time. You know, he's got a lot of orders. Of course he was, you know, one for the Gipper and one for the Gipper and one for all was right. Winters. But as a whole, foul footage of Osama. And I'm in the penguins of Ari. Now I'm in the penguins. So I got him. I'd either or my limit ball Omar. Reagan 417. A. Blake in 101. A lot of rumors that he might have been. Yeah. Well, that's that guy to do with slavery. See, when you find out that he'd really give it him, but freemis slaves, then you find out he wasn't also great as a cleanie. But he was a brilliant man. Of course, when you're that ugly, you have to be have something going. Right? Like me. like me. The program's 101 came here to escape religious persecution and that was especially religious persecution. That's an including bringing witches. Go Kennedy, you know? It burns. Joe Kennedy, the old man 72 and he was not a bootleg or well maybe he was. He was a crook though. So Kennedy. In fact, that's one thing you're fight about most people and families were like millions and really big money. Sirious money is that they got it like through a devious means. Speaking of that Henry Ford, who was a little anti-Somantic he had 40, Robert Lee had 40, Charlie Lindberg thirdy seven. You know, if Nancy Grace would have just been around when Charlie Lindberg killed that kid, you know? She would have killed that kid. You know, why did you kill your kid? Why did you do that? Yeah, Nancy disgraced somebody called her last night. I figured what show that was on she. And you know what really kills me? Yeah, Nancy disgraced somebody called her last night. I figured what show that was on she. And you know what really kills me? What? Gravity. Just Jack has Joe Scarborough. You know, MSNBC. I'll watch a little him because he's on after Old woman and off flip back over there to see what craft he's spewing. He's constantly ripping into her and and rightfully so. But who the hell is he to be talking about? He's full of craft. He's full of garbage. And he's ripping Nancy to disgrace. And then they're coming. They're whining about the fact that they got ratings over there on CNN headline news that are ratings what up 30%. Because you were still trying the interview with the woman that's who was inside, you know, that she was growing on the year. They're still exploiting it. See, when a bunch of people have no ratings, they're belly aching about people who do have ratings. It sounds like sour grapes to me, you know what I mean? In fact, pretty soon we're going to be a fat category. So let's practice. I hate this throw. Look how many people said that. I've heard of that. So many 3.2% and that's who's we edited. Lee, I bad. Harry Truman 28 dropped that bomb. Harry dropped the big one, baby. Pope highest to 12, 26. Never met a Nazi he didn't like. Arthur God for you 12. I would say the same for him as matter. Fact, and that interesting with who they're martygale. That's why they named it as sweet after him on my maybe. If I live to be 200, which I doubt, I still never be able to trigger that out. One of the most virulent anti-Semites never hired a Jew on that Arthur God for sure because he had the, he was part of the Kenner, Kenner work for hotels. One of those restricted hotels on the beach. No Jews, no blacks. Probably no engines. Arthur God for you got 12. So they named a street actor. Lyndon Johnson ate and Henry Kissney was only got three. Henry, you know something? If they turned this thing around a little bit, and be more accurate. But I guess I haven't watched that DVD like we have about Kissinger right. And don't know what a butcher he really was. Yeah, well, you know, he was commissioned to the soccer league or something like that wasn't he? Josh? Yeah, something like that. Something like that. Some crap. 925 votes. I think I was right. I think we're going to have a thousand by 11 o'clock. Then he will sure us. Doug Thompson's got a good article. They guess what's about? Boots, you're jallin. Oh. Now even worse than Bush. If that's possible. In fact, that was one of the Republican superstars on the horizon. A lot of people talked about him as presidential material in 2008. And probably in the south, there are a lot of people now like raised that flag. You're going to be very disturbed when you find out that there are a couple of XM radio hosts joining in the Martha Swift voting event that's coming up. Going to do an attack on poor old XM. Well, what did Joe Castellos tell me? It's a bunch of it's basically for Red Nixon guys that drive pickup trucks. Same difference. I'm sure they like Martha Stewart. And then of course, they knew Oprah radio show. See if they'd be used today? No, I didn't see it. Then exciting or what, huh? I'm thrilled. Like I said, take your radio and burn a trust me before it's too late. 12 minutes passed. 10 a few. I'm not forget we got the mad dog at two. We got that great new life going now. Take that trend and flush it down the toilet baby. Yes, because we got a whole new bunch of that's right. We got the Kenny and Bow morning show. Oh, shout. Then we got the mad dog at two the power hour. Hank in the mad dog in stereo four to five and then the hump or solo five to six thirty because the marlins are back tonight. They're going to play out the string. I guess you might say Reds are in town. Pretty much 60 game time at 705 followed by the world famous Eddie Kapplin show. The biggest name. So best tell us what this is. You're Rodgers for Shredio 560. You. Put it right down on my down. They are a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of LA. The Jews have got to print out. No, no, no, no. It's an unjuiced juice or everywhere. We got to get some backup to take out these children. No, no, no, no. It's a juice. It's a juice. It's a juice. It's a juice. Damn, you joking. Do we go weapon five? We risk you a red. You a red. Those streets use our responsible for all the world's war. Who do we talk about? Great back. You. Yeah. And I'm gay. You are. Up. Death. J. J. Leetle weapon five starring no gift sent Danny Clover and the return of Joe Pashy as Leo Hey Max. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Leo. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Fuck. God. Joe. Roo. You crazy. Hey. Fuck. God. No. Woo. We just call me rakes. I call you. I call. I call. Rakes. We call. Cleathle weapon five. Now playing to ruin Mel Gibson's career. Ten 18 and five six. You double become speaking of bigots. Doug Thompson writes George Allen's rampant racism a long sort of history. Uh-huh. And keep in mind is I'm reading this that I'm reading it verbatim it is a news story. Got that? Okay. I got it. Mark that down. Put it on your wrist. I'm a news story. Right. Doug Thompson says in 1884, our work is a contract field consultant for the National Repout and Congressional Committee. Also is a writer for the Voices for Victory program in the Reagan Bush presidential campaign. During that time, I attended a meeting of GOP political operatives in Richmond, Virginia. Among those attending was the young delegate George Allen, son of the legendary Washington Redskins coach, who used to lick his thumb all the time. At a cocktail party followed our meeting Allen Huddlewood's some other Virginia political cousins, GOP operatives and discussed the upcoming presidential election, as well as a field of democratic candidates. That at that time featured civil rights activist Jesse Jackson. You marked my words Allen said, Jesse Jackson can't win in Virginia. Hell, he so far off that even the niggers won't go for him. A few shuffled their feet and looked away when Allen issued his racial slur others' laughed while Allen may have scored as a first class bigot. He failed to say verbasticator. Jackson, Killy, the Virginia Democratic presidential primary in 84. That was my first encounter with a racist named George Allen, sadly would not be my last. In 1991 while serving his vice president for political programs for the end of national association of realtors, I attended a GOP fundraiser where Allen then running in a special election for the US House representative was one of the featured guests. As a representative of the nation's largest trade association in Hingapot was in the country's largest political action committee, I was often quoted by politicians, Lonic contributions, George Allen was no exception. I need your help and support he said, Virginia is an old fashioned state with traditional ideas. Just because we've got a black face in the governor's mansion doesn't mean the niggers are taking over. Doug Wilder, America's first African American governor had taken off his enrichment a year earlier. Some of the group laughed, I walked away, I don't like racist. I guess I recommend nations of realtors packed voters to support Allen. I gladly let the association as part of reorganization to follow in year. During my next 12 years in Washington, I would run across Allen at one of other, I tried to stay away from my didn't like him and I still don't, but also often found myself nearby when he should have long-stringed racial epithets, ethnic slurs and jokes that would qualify as racial harassment in any workplace. It was not unusual to hear racial slurs and gatherings or Republicans, many GOP events were all white. Allen and others would call Arabs ragheads, Afro-Americans and niggers and homosexuals, flags or queers, as part of their normal conversation. They would laugh at each other's racist jokes. When Allen and other well-known Senate Republican racist, Montana's Conrad Burns got together, the slurs would fly like confetti through the air. So it comes as no surprise to me that Allen's in trouble again for his rampant racism, his incredible slurring of a native Virginia of Indian ancestry to campaign rally, was just the latest example of his routine and call us bigotry. Now, Dr. Ken Shelton, a radiologist in Henderson, Bill North Carolina and football teammate of Allen at the University of Virginia, says in Salon that the Virginia Senator who wants to be present frequently called black people and one stuff that severed head of a deer into a black households oversized mailbox. Salon says to other former football players of Virginia backsheldon's story, but didn't name them. Christopher Taylor and anthropology professor at the Birmingham campus at the University of Alabama was a graduate student at UVA in the 80s and told the New York Times and the New Republic. Here, Allen, come at about some turtles in a pond and say that around here only in the New Jersey. Shelton says, Allen, you only used racial slurs when in the company of other whites at UVA of Virginia. That's what I found true about Allen over the years. In all white GOP on planes, it would let us hear it down because he felt safe with others who shared his racial digotry. There's an unspoken rule that if you want to continue to work in Washington, you protect those in power and you don't talk about their dirty little secrets. I no longer worked there and I'm ashamed that I was involved with and helped protect the secrets of those who shared such beliefs. Racism and homophobia run rough shot to the Republican Party and are among the reasons I got out of politics and returned to journalism. Allen Monday issued a denial of claiming he never used such slurs. I don't ever remember using that word, Allen said in the carefully staged photo op that included black pastries from the Richmond area that word was not part of my vocabulary. It wasn't then it hasn't been since then, it is not now. It's not who I was and not who I am. He's a liar. Such words have long been part of Allen's vocabulary. He used them often and I and too many others have heard him. I would swear to what under oath. Among the others is noted University of Virginia, Larry Sabato, who said Allen used the racial slurvin' the 70s. The fact is he did use the end word by the reason I could not Sabatova told on SNBC's Chris Matthews and Hardball. The fact is Georgia Allen is a racist big and despicable mystery and unfitone any elected office. Sadly, he's not the only one found in the halls of power in Washington. That's what your buddy Doug Thompson writes. It's a new story. I hate it when he meant something like that. I beg your pardon. I hate it when he meant his words and beats around the bush. Yeah. That's why I love Doug Thompson made. He also punches. He comes right out and sticks and does it. Maybe he tells you just like it. He's the best. That's why I voted for him. I pulled the other day. Me too. All these pools all the time. How do I do it? It is a great. It's a lot of good stuff on that mice face on our page. It's from you too. You followed us on Saturday night line, which I didn't know that. That's good with Tom Brady, about sexual harassment and workplace. Well back. And Tommy first of all it goes over and he reaches well. The first thing I got that nerdy guy who looks like Robert Creeper without the glasses. And all he does is just stay and mix to that chick sitting there. That's secretary of the inn. He picks up the poll on him. Before you know, there's the copyrighted ragged waste. Tom Brady comes by and squeezes one of her movies. Man, she's smiling. Then about two minutes later, Tommy comes back. He's just about making it except for a joxtra. That's a smart and loving it. And why the hell? And what exactly how it works to write? There you go. Sexual harassment is for ugly people. And of course if you have it to be hot, then you know like that. Don't stay away too long, Tommy. Kind of like that. It's cute. Man, 176. My say by 1030 we're going to be damn close to a thousand. This is shocking. So they still have it at big powwow in there. They're a confab. I have no idea. Wow. We're lots of little room now. Yeah, no, no, no. I don't want like a prognosticator. Stair guessing. I got my fingers crossed in my legs. I'm going to go back and start shaving you. You're going to yell over the mirror. But you know what? Listen, maybe the meeting is about something like, oh, I better not start a rumor because they don't be kind of like reverse of what they're dealing across the street, you know? Remember that somebody across the street was starting to hear the rumor about how they were going out of business on a certain date and they were going to like to hold up their tent. Of course they got that big kiss there and August they got some weird diaries. I mean, a big trend is August. So we'll keep going on extra month. But the plan I was trying to make is that generally what happens is that what they do when a company's ready to sell, you know, they load up the log with spots. They just load it all up, you know? And then they sell it. They get that billing boost up there, you know? Yeah, they're maybe there haven't been a announcement in the sales department. No, it was another seminar. How do you know that? When I walked by a couple times, it was obviously a sales seminar in progress. How do you recognize a sales seminar in progress? This Chris Jones is standing up on a level in July. A dry raised board, you know, doing seven on. Draw dirty pictures? You know it. Stick figures of you. I'm sure that. Yeah. I know we want to stick it too. That's not how you draw on the actual show. Yeah. Now he's taken a page from his predecessor man. He's doing the old, hit and run. Now that's fine. That's okay. Like I said, I looked in that mirror and I said, screw it. Good. Good. Good. You like that, you know? Why? I don't know. I came. I got up early because I was too fat and I should have known that's why I will go over an hour and a half early. And I came in here. I listened about 40 minutes and it was sports and sports and more sports. And we're just we're out of step man. Why don't you admit it when you're out of step. You got to admit it. The real world is in line. I mean, we didn't even watch that game last night. I watched about four minutes. At least Josh watched some of it. I don't even know what you're talking about. I'm talking about the Saints in the Falcons baby in the Superdome in all means. It's on right now. There you go. It's a touch of field. There they go. There you two was there and a bottle there. Huh? Green day. Green day was there too. I'm just excited about they performed it together. Oh, and there's the Saints going to touch down that black punt. And that was getting after that. It might as well turn it off because that was getting of the game. It was not competitive. It was unless you're like all with them about New Orleans, which I never liked to be for Katrina. So why should I like it now? I'm just keeping it about those poor bastards who in and I'm going to show some of the neighborhoods man and everything all the garbage is still out there and all the crap you know but we got the Superdome's all baby. I got a big show. That's what it's all about. That's what America's all about man. The big show. Only Janet Jackson was there and we can just take a bullet and make it. 27 after 10. In fact, what we're going to do is we're going to have one of these sales holes come in and give us a rundown on the big meeting. As soon as I assume it breaks out. The biggest name. So the best challenge for the basis wheel brush nurse. For 20560. You a.m. Roger. Well, come to the gay games. I love those running shoes. Oh my God, where did you get thought? We have a lot of love event like the hundred meter brand and the synchronized shape. I hope I win a gold medal. It's fun to summarize. Let's go girls with everything you're kidding. We're just a daughter. Again, check out a giant touch. It's not the only thing. But at least a sports. He's a. By the name 1032 a 560 W to Q a m. The editors of the nation right. Dave you have who on Iran. I don't want to read all this depressing stuff. It's enough to make you blow your brains out. Talk about the game. Yeah. Go ahead. Talk about the Chris systems and what a ballsy kid he is man played with a busted screen the end of that game. Isn't that what you were thinking about when you left yesterday? No, it's gotten to you. Yeah, no, I'm actually not. I'm tired of George. Not you. I'm a George. I'm afraid. I'm afraid of the Josh. He was thinking about how his team blew the game there with two seconds left or whatever one. Dave you have who on Iran. Here we go again right the editors of the nation. The cliches come frighteningly easy when one ponder is the recent efforts of the hawks to jim up the case for military confrontation with Iran. Oh my god. The tablex committee or pump up the threat use the media as a conveyor in West public opinions, wing toward war. A campaign of the sort has been underway for weeks and late August the staff of the GOP lead house intelligence committee released to report on Iran that depicting is a pressing strategic danger Iran probably has a biological weapons program and likely has a chemical weapons research and development program. It said a more alarming the reports stated that Iran was definitely seeking nuclear weapons and emerging weapons radio in him. It conceited that US intelligence like crucial information on Iran's WMDs but awarded intelligence analysts not to be a whimson reaching assessments about Iran's WMD capabilities and not to shy away from provocative conclusions that is no way for heart and fast evidence before pronouncing Iran a nuclear threat. The media coverage of the report was straightforward a bit too straightforward. Major news stories didn't question the reports assertion that Iran is producing weapons radio in him. He had two weeks later the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency said later to Peter Hofstra Republican sure about the House Intelligence Committee criticizing the report for being outrageous and dishonest. It noted that Iranian for weapons must be 90% enriched with that Iran had enriched Iranian only 3.5%. The IAEA letter first reported by the Washington Post also to have challenged the committee's unsupported assertion that the IAEA has a policy borrowing its officials from telling the whole truth about the Iranian nuclear program. The report was born of an agenda to whip up public support for military action against Iran. Its principle author was Frederick Flights, a former CIA official who would work for Heartliner John Bolton at the State Department, nice mustache. The report was not fully vetted by the Intelligence Committee before being released by Hofstra who in June was claiming that there had been WMDs in Iraq. But it was reviewed by the Office of John Agrapati, the Hawkeye's Director of National Intelligence, the Butcherohandurus. Pardon our suspicion that this whole deal appears to be an end-run orchestra at a Bolton IKEN on carrying away from military action against Iran. The obvious question is can they get away with it again? In this sequel, the WR advocates have another repressive regime to demonize and another proliferation challenge they can portray as a daring immediate threat. Night-ridden reports that CIA and Pentagon intelligence officials are concerned that the offices of Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfield are receiving a stream of questionable information on Iran from Iranian exiles allow Auschmai Chalabiyah in the Iraqi National Congress. But the night-ridden report adds as was not the case during the Iraq episode, intelligence analysts and others are more forcefully challenging claims they believe to be false or questionable. And foreign policy, realists and returned, and currently serving members of the military are warning that with Iraq falling apart, confrontation with Iran is not feasible. At the same time, European pushes are going to drop the threat of sanctions against Iran and favor of negotiations. That's good news. However, the House intelligence report shows that the Hawkeye's click is prepared to roll over analysts and experts who don't reach the desired conclusion, and such dissenters will not have the aptly named bully pulpit routinely available to George W. Bush, which brings us to the media and Congress. Each will have to be far more discriminating and diligent than it was last time around. No automatic transmission belt, no rubber stamp, no forgetting. How do you like that? Maybe that's the October surprise, but a bang baby. Here we go in Tairan, man, with the six soldiers that we got left to aren't in Iraq. By the way, you see keeps seem as before something that was about, oh bad news, you're going to have to go back again. We're standing your turn until you're on to your 2525. 2016 votes on the pool, man. I'm going to take you something really. I think it's end of line up. Don't you? Sorry. We'll find out with a pool tomorrow. I'm serious. I think that maybe the audience is making a comeback now because what could be more important than spark. That's the night. Oh god. A thousand and nineteen votes, who's the history of the most kind do? Excellent pool, Sean, whoever you are. Ronald Reagan, man. Ronnie is killing him. Too bad he's not around to see it. He'd be so damn proud. 461 votes. The first tool of the right wing lunatics, man. The same people that have taken over now, they retook it. They in a bloody coup. In fact, even now what's his name? Well, they're pervert machera. If you can hate, he didn't. They're an easier coup and Pakistan and these guys. Ronnie Reagan, 461, a blink in 112. The pilgrims are 112. Isn't that amazing the way that they like to dial up history? Oh yeah, they always have. The name reminds everything. Oh, it was so wonderful. They came into a skateboard. It was just persecution. Right. I sure they did. Old man Joe Kennedy, 77. What a thief. You think maybe God was a smoking wood at stroke. He lived the last seven years of his life. Like, a muslim broccoli, like a vegetable, huh? Like a spinach. Yeah. Like an equal, I ridden spinach. Robert E. Lee, 45. I hate this pool. 42, 4.1% hate this pool. I don't understand that. What's not to like about this pool? Henry Ford 42, Charlie didn't bird 39. Which one was the most anti-Semitic of those two? Well, that's a tough one, you know? Didn't Ford sponsor father, cognitive, and I'm a video in the 20s that the virulent anti-Semore. I don't know. Well, you were around. Oh yeah. I think they did. It's not for Henry Ford. Anyway, Charlie in bird 39. He didn't kill like him. Well, he did. Yes. It is. Harry Truman, look at how many Harry's got. Oh, he didn't hit. Harry. And drop another big one, please. Pope Pines the 12th, 28. Arthur Gantrieg is still only 12th. Yeah, I don't like that. I'm going to say. I just never been able to understand that. The first of all, all the people that have a sergeant got for you on TV, we said me and chicken at her all day anyway. Right. No one's going to start. That's right. I mean, if you think those old cockers on the beach have got computers that are going to vote in this whole froth. Only Jew he ever heard in it show was Holly Loki. Oh, she wasn't Jewish. Lyndon Johnson 11 Henry Kissinger 8. Although he did fire a what's his name? Julius Larosa on the year. That was a real class of the act. What a what a jerk. What a jackass. Fred and right on the year. 2020 votes. I mean, I think it's going to be pretty impressive. If you ask me, I think we're off to the races. You think? It's possible. Norman Solomon writes media tall tales for the next word, but I'm not going to read it because it's about the same thing that said article from the nation is I just read about our plan. Where would the Iran? Okay. I'm not going to do it. I don't want to get you out of my mind. Maybe I'll read that article again about George Allen from Bug Thompson. When I realize, you know, the idea that this is always the way it is like Mark Furman. You know, why not at least say, okay, well, I'm a good old boy from the South. We tend to use that word and I was bad. You know, oh yeah, right. Right. Like something is don't use the word. Come on. Politics is all about lion. Yeah, but I think he's catering to him and they probably would like. They probably use it like every couple of years. Yeah. So you know, well, what do we know? What do we know about Virginia? Have we been in Virginia? I think I drove through Richmond once. I thought it was I ever came. I haven't read through Virginia to get to the property in North Carolina every time I go because it's right by the border. And the first thing that you have to draw through Virginia to get to North Carolina where you're coming from Niagara Falls? Yeah. I don't understand that. The property my property is right by the border and the access road leads to the property from Virginia, the Virginia sign of the border. So you're like in the North West part of North Carolina. I'm in the North West part. That's right. And the first thing that greets you when you cross into Virginia is first. Yeah, exactly. Is that obnoxious sign that says radar detector is illegal here. We'll confiscate it. Take it. You would beat you up. And defensively. Because I'm radar detector. Pretty offensive to me. Just to be in in that neck of the woods. But then again, you like it up there. It's not like the red neck of the woods. That's right. There's no place. No, quite as nobody to bug you up there. I'm a body. You know, to give you a bunch of craft. Nobody to force sports. I mean, when you don't want to hear about things of being able to you bring a game about Donnie called pepper. How many turds do they have on our shoulder? That's a good line by the way, Mad Dog. Six pigeons took a crap on your shoulder. That was beautiful. Not to say that he's a statue you understand. He's immobile. What a sack. 19 to 11 at five 60 W to come. You're sports in a rod of station. Maybe we're going to we're going to take the game. We're going to jam it down you throw trust me. Right now, let's invite you to experience the difference. At Mercedes Benz of Pompano Mercedes Benz of Pompano is no longer a new ownership and new management. At Mercedes Benz of Pompano doesn't matter what time you want to buy the vehicle. Whether it's the brand new 2007 E class. There are full lot of convertibles over their large selection certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes Benz of Pompano, you have over 200 employees dedicated to providing incomparable service like complimentary loader vehicles and complimentary car washes too. Be sure and browse the window or export with over 150 new and new vehicles or click on Benz Pompano.com. Mercedes Benz of Pompano, they're open every day of the week for either open Monday through Friday's 9 to late Saturday night. They'll six and every Sunday noon to five experience the difference. Call 1-800 new Benz, V-E-N-Z. You'll find a 995 in Copens Road. That's 1-800 new Benz for Mercedes Benz of Pompano and Mercedes Benz Deer like no other in the universe. 4-0-5-60. How long is this going to go on? How many false queues are we supposed to have during each break? What was that? False queue? False queue. That's the goal. Just put a loud speaker in my sabbjets together and it's up to us. They won't say they're gone. At night my songs keep just from gathering. At night my songs are played because it didn't match anything. At night my songs will try to out of your mind. We don't light my songs don't light my songs. Up to these names of best talents to the business wheel rotors for Shredio 560. Okay, Josh, it's in spot. Just kidding. Everything we got on now is got a false queue in the middle of it. You know that promo for that weekend whatever that show was uh I don't know what the hell is called. They got like three false queues in the middle of the real deal. So let me know which queue is the real queue. Okay the real queue and the real deal. 1047 13-115-60W to QA in. Good on your toes now. Just kidding. Liberal bloggers have uncovered a staff member to represent their child's best Republican of New Hampshire using government computers to make face fake posts on Liberal blogs in New Hampshire. Remember when they discovered a new Hampshire that they were like tying up all the uh phone banks for them a credit card. It's heard on the Hill columnist Mary Anne Acres is authorized roster to represent the full registration restricted item below. Well we don't have to register. We don't have to like give marshoose size or anything else here it is. Liberal bloggers in New Hampshire busted an eight of our presented child's best Republican New Hampshire was posing as a Liberal blogger on such blogs as Blue Granite NH02 progressive and others. Masses off as a minute capability to H08 and said the staff would be appropriately disciplined like John and Lee. The unnamed aid to banks would like many others and his party faces a tougher election fight was routinely trolling liberal New Hampshire political blogs calling himself in the NH and more commonly uh without the quotes in the NH. Prepended to continue to be a progressive. Finally after noticing that lots of things he said just didn't add up a couple of bloggers placed in the NH's IP address to the House of Representatives IP from the Senate. How about IP freely? And they thought how many offices in the US also be interested in the one race in New Hampshire the answer very very few probably Solomon Te Uno. Laura Claustner runs the Blue Granite blog and writes his Miss Laura told A2Hs that she and another blogger easily traced in the NH's IP address to the House server. They could even see the searches Mr or Mrs. Indian H was doing together opposition research on bastard challenger Paul Hodes and Democrats such as Hodes and Game Marriage and Hodes and Taxes. The Pozer had raised his Spissons among Liberal bloggers after he proved food to recent poll showing vast tide with Hodes and suggested the Democrats in waste any time or money on the Hodes race and instead invest a resources in other races. How do you like that? So more dirty tricks more of the crawl road BS if we can't win the election fair and square either let's fix it at the baller to find some other way to do it. Fix it on the internet. Now let's see this looks like very from your handwriting. Very very chronic handwriting. Michael Pittman tries to convict and suspended by the NFL for a spousal abuse and battery and what does it say? One of my supposed to do with this is just a little editorials and stuff like the wow. How about with the, here's President Bush testing the strength of the arm of 10th of the work. Bucking here is running back Michael Pittman now. He's picking on your team now, Josh. Well just pile on because Michael Pittman tries to convict and suspended by the NFL for spousal abuse and battery. No, yeah, I'm not, I'm not reading something. It's a dirty stuff on here. Okay, what do you send me like that that convenience store? I'm not reading that. Okay. Thousands and 51 posts on the pull man. That is really impressive. Newsweek features losing Afghanistan in the international edition of the magazine, but guess what? Celebrity photographer in the US. They smear it. I see. The US edition of October 2nd, 2006 issue of Newsweek magazine features a radically different cover story from its international counterparts going to raw story. The cover of international editions aimed at Europe, Asian Latin America, displays in large letters, the title, losing Afghanistan along with an arresting photograph of an arm G. Hotty. The cover of the US edition of contrast is dedicated to subbing photographer Annie Liebowitz and is demirally captioned my life in pictures. Oh. The international coverage story begins. You don't have to drive very far from companies based to find the Taliban. And gasing provinces and our district just over two hour trip from the capital on the main southern highway, a thin young man dressed in brown and wearing a white pair cap or shmata stands by the roadside waiting for two newsweek correspondence. It is moved day on the central afghan planes far from the geohottest and festered mountains to the eastern west. And by the way, what's wrong with raghead? Without speaking, the Sentinel guys has visited along the sandy horse trail toward a mud brick village with a side of the highway. As they get closer a young Taliban fighter, carrying a walkie talking in AK47 rifle tops off from behind a tree. He's many and improvised explosive device he explains in case afghan rewastroof try to add a village. That's the international edition. The US cover story begins. Annie Liebowitz is tired and nursing the cold and she's just blown back to New York on the red eye from LA where she spent two day shooting Angelina Jolie for Vogue. Like so many of her photos sessions that was nothing civil about it, I talked with Angelina before the shoot says Lee Vowitz who's famous for her preparation. She felt like she was coming back from having the baby and she felt very sexy and ready to go. There were 50 people on the set and rags of close from the New York Spring collections to be tried and styled at it. The story ended the US thing goes on to discuss the difficulties Lee Vowitz had in photographing Tom Cruise and Cady Holmes infant. The international story continues with difficulties of a very different time. And Gazney and six provinces to the south and other hotspots to these, carsized government barely exist outside different towns. Hard court Taliban forces have filled the void by infiltrating from the relatively lawless travelaries of Pakistan where they had flooded the end of 2001. Once back inside Afghanistan, these committed ge hottest commanders and fighters abated by a key sympathizers who had remained behind of raised hundreds of not thousands of new local recruits many for pay. They feed on the people's disillusioned with the lack of economic progress, equity and stability that carsized government need to wash them in the international community and promised. NATO officials say the Taliban seems to be flush with cash, thanks to the guerillas of lions with prosperous opium traffickers. The fighters have paid more than $5 a day, good money in Afghanistan and at least twice with the new Afghan National Army's 30,000 soldiers get. How many thousand? About 30 men! So if you're a like, living in the real world, like outside the US, you get to see what else really going on. And if you live in the US, you get to see more of Brande Leem again. Right. And the important things in other words. Right. And Tom Cat. Kitty Cat. Stuff like that. Craft in other words. Here's that thing about the XM and I told you I don't want to be on there. Although the way things are going here, I think we have like about another two weeks. When you based on the way things are going, what the station? No, not us. And midday. We're, we're, we're going to understand that well, when you're going to be man enough to admit we're being on there for aid. I know that. I know that for years. We are being on there for aid man. They do not like it. They don't care for it. They're pissed off about it. And I've already. Nothing out of Steckman. What a sports fraternity. We got a jump in there, man. And get with it. Get with it again. Get with a ball game. We love the dolphin. Come on. What do you say? We could, it's not too late. I think we might be able to still salvage something. Where the hell is that? Here it is. I got it. That's it. That's it. That's it. It's sucking. I mean, when, when, when Mad Dog is talking about how many pigeon tourists are I'm then he cup peppered shoulder then that should tell you right there at hell of a lot. Is that revealing? XM radio host joined Martha Swift floating event. This enough to make you a few of your guts out. The Patriot Pride is committed to shedding light on the front groups whose participants operate out of the light of day. However, the Swift floating of Americans for exercising his or her right to free speech is just as important. That's why the upcoming event to Swiftville representative John Murtha, which we held on October 1st is drawn our attention. This is on the smirkling chimp. The participants are rumored to include the original Swift floating man himself, John O'Neill, that was not informally announced yet. That's for truth is the front group sponsoring this little shandig, but now without some very powerful help. Now it looks like XM radio hosts Quinn and Rose, Jim Quinn and Rose soma tenant are joining in the Swift floating fund with the edit plus of politicizing our national tragedy 911 through the outreach of XM radio. I've got to ask why I decorated Vietnam veteran and senior member of Congress is being Swiftville to just for speaking out and using his right of free speech. The XM radio is sponsoring session event through the publicized appearances of their host Quinn and Rose's quite endorsement vets for truth really scored on this one. By bringing XM radio into the mix, the boot worth of folks rationed up to Swift floating audience quite a bit because nothing reaches out like radio it's is here. After all, boot worth of a get a much bigger audience with XM to help, though they've only got satellite radio outreach, not to worry vets for truth has got that covered too. Because Quinn and Rose is also carried by clear channel, the biggest radio behemoth of the mall through station 104.7 FM and Pittsburgh. Others indicated host on that station included Glenn Beck needle, boards and shandig, as well as Rush Limbaugh got the audience all say vets for truth, we didn't know how to pick him. XM plus third channel equals a huge local outreach, but it doesn't stop there. If you don't know the history of cheap channel, you might find this blasted the pastary educational. You have to wonder if the advertisers on the Quinn and Rose radio show no they're helping the host of Swift floating rally and then see click on a link. And also they're helping the host of Swift floating rally targeting a decorated veteran. Representative John Merthas got a lot of support in the veterans community as well as soldiers currently serving today. If you live in or near Pittsburgh, you might want to call the Quinn and Rose sponsors and ask who would be interested in know how the affiliate field to it says on spworking chip by Tom Mark Taylor Marsh. I like that. XM. Good thing we didn't get involved with in red next man. Because that's what it's all about. They want those pick up drive and red next. Sure don't want to have some faggles, you atheist on here, Southern crap on XM. That's for damn it. 1056 at 560 WQM. How's that meaning coming? We get anybody come over and run down on the biggest seminar. I wonder we've been sold or not? Come on. Let's go. Quiring wise one. No. George is all whipped up into a frenzy about. He says I think we're all getting paid off even Josh. Oh yeah. Told. I bet you're part of we're getting told. Oh, told. Well, we'll do the first time. Over 21 long years I've been using dry concepts in my homes and wouldn't dream about quantity, but I also want to be doing the same two and don't forget your carpeting is even worse than your sink when it comes to being a collector of germs, man. It is schmutz and they can't see what they could buy. It was so afforded people tend to go long periods of time without opening windows, which breeds even on healthier conditions. All that stuff gets in there and it can't get out. More reasons to dry clean your carpeting on a regular basis. And don't forget when you call our friends a dry concept, your carpet last longer because by having a dry clean it stays cleaner longer. It comes out softer the colors come out looking brighter and your house smells lemony fresh afterward. What's not to like? And don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the run. Be able to drop. And now dry concepts is that a plan to make frequent cleaning easy to fraction the cost of regular carpet dry cleaning. Your entail you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts column and Broward 954 3707778 that's 954 37078 and a data Palm Beach column tool free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 507 one caught a clean today entertainment night with dry the biggest name so best tell us the biggest is wheel rotters 4 radio 5 60 this is the wheel rotters so this is your money any questions OH I'm not that they've done so much. I see. Authoritarianism in the aqua I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I'm not that I've done so much. I know. I know. I know. Authoritarianism in the aqua see bloggers are sounding a warning. He says, Arianna Huffington writes her way. Good for built-in. He find the called Fox News and the right wing on their BS right. Well, sort of. Jesus. I'm glad Chris Wallace and the viewers flying all over the internet. But I really hope that the one person who watched it over Noborgan is built Clinton. And then on the fifth or sixth viewing, I might have heard of him. That the more cover he gives Bush News Cronies, the more they're able to increase and and transfer their power. Power they used to destroy everything that Clinton for forced to stand for. They've got some says there's a fundamental point here. I am many others think that the Democratic leadership has profoundly misjudged the nature and intentions of the conservative movement. John Dean in his book Conservatives Without Conscience warns that we're witnessing the rise of an authority in government and Kevin Phillips in American Theocracy warns that the corporate public in leadership is intent on bringing about a Theocracy. This is not politics as usual. This is what the bloggers are so shrill about. In March, I wrote, maybe just maybe they mean the things that they're saying and I think this is a warning about the extreme things the writers saying it is a big part of what political blogging is about. So political bloggers are more elected than others to be visiting websites and forums where white wingers more hopefully discuss their ideas are likely to be listening to Lindblan on other's under radio. And what we're reading and hearing is frightening. The things they're saying to each other are different from what they're saying to the public. The things that they're writing and saying are extreme and violent and subversive. It's not like what we as Americans used to reading and hearing. The things that we publicans are saying and doing are so extreme that regular people refuse to believe it when you try to warn them about what's happening. Bloggers are trying to warn the public that what's going on in America is different from politics is usual. The bloggers have been trying to get the democratic leadership and the media to understand this. We're seeing something new to America forming, something dangerous in democracy, the pendulum isn't swinging back. When will the democratic leadership begin to realize that the extreme things the Republicans are saying might be what they mean to do? The signs are all around us, take it seriously, says they've watched your backs. And I think that fits right in with the Q-Rain. What's happening here on this radio station? What's your back? And your front and your bottom. That's it. I'd have my eyes on a back of my head on my left ear and one on my right cheek, one on my left cheek. One on the bottom of my foot. See what makes sure I don't step in somebody else's mess. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Some heavy duty crap. What do you eat? You know, they come and tell me it's the house? Huh? I've wondered. I've always got how he's to fall back. I know. How he's in toldy's been to me. You guys can just hang out at how he's, you know, once we leave in a couple of weeks. I don't know what you're laughing about, man. You can smell it. Oh, yeah. Just like that. That's why I just read that article. The timing is perfect. You can smell it. There's something in the ear. A thousand and eighty five by nine. I noticed Kenny didn't even mention we were coming up. Did you notice that the end of the show today? No, it did not. Usually we were in enthusiastic state too for a meal. You know, like, and this morning it was just like, we, you know, he's like, back in Moa. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Sure with an oversight. No, I don't think so. You can smell it. It's a sparrow. You can just feel it. A thousand, eighty nine. Sip in a bowl. Who has history been seeing it there really? You're thinking, I was it. I mean, can't be a stupid guy. I mean, you know, my long. Yeah. You think he knows he's been seeing it back with his own scrap. I don't know if he's put it together yet. I tried to warn them, but, you know, but what do we know? Right. We're being in a test force car. I'm sure Clarence is warned them and that all those people about us, you know. Who has history been most kind to Ronald Reagan 493. Boy, but I'm not see bastard. Oh, you can't say that. He was just a wonderful gentleman. What a great actor too. The 493 votes 45. He was married to Jane Wyman. Another die-key broad. Yeah. Blake in a hundred and twenty-one. The pilgrims won 19. You know, it's been so long. I guess they were talking about, was the word deciduous. This situation was, yeah, very good. And the pilgrims, now let's see. It was John Alder was it Allen Alder? Huh? The pilgrims. Katie Kurick Allen Alder. Who would there's some of the other pilgrims? John, Joe old man Joe Kennedy, seventy-nine. I'm serious when you've been out of school for a hundred years. You know, remember all of that crap in names that was silly. People John Alderitch Henry Alderitch. Oh, I know what you're talking about, no? Yeah. Alan Alderitch. Oh, Logan movie, I didn't see what he'd talk about. Joe Kennedy, seventy-nine. And I hate this poor, forty-nine, four point four percent. See, the haymongers are coming. Watch your back. That's what Hank and Salesforce order this morning said, boy, you wouldn't believe what's going on back there. Robert E. Lee, forty-seven. Henry Ford, forty-six. Charles Lindberg, thirty-nine. George, please, he killed the kid. Yeah, I did. I read the book and I'm pretty sure he did too. I read that book a long time ago. I don't have time to read all those old books. He's got a new one. I got a catch up on. And if actually, if I was motivated, I would send like all these new books I'm reading right now. I got five of them going. And I would send all those books to Eric to put on a website to replace all his old stillness. But I'm not going to do it. I'm just going to stand there looking in the mirror, shaving you. Stop it, stop it. Henry, a Truman, thirty-two post. I had a camera. What? That would be a good thing. I didn't slice my cheek right off. I was so animated. Well, no, because I got up for you early. You know, and I got an F skill. And I saw one, I need six point four. And then, oh, my God. That's been in Jerry's yesterday. Probably wasn't such a good idea. And that wasn't on hand. Okay. I had like, um, trying to think what they call this now. Score cone? Or I had enough stuff yesterday to sink a balance. But I was so aggravated by a time I got done with this crap. But the thing is, this place, get the thing you didn't have a party cone. I'm not a cone. I've seen a few of those lately, especially here. Harry Truman, thirty-two, Popeyes, the twelve half. Thirty men. Thirty Nazis. Henry Kissinger, thirteen. He started to make a little movie. He should be doing much better than that. A butcher, a murderer, a liar. A devious, no good. Arthur Gantris, still stuck there on twelve. And that's all twelve of us who remember his ugly ass. How white yeah, how white yeah, how white. Oh, God. And the Lyndon Johnson L.B.J. only 11. I mean, why would anybody vote for him, you know? Right. After all the wonderful things you did, you know, the civil rights movement, voting rights act the 64. And then, of course, light about the Gulf of Tunken incident, which never happened in the first place. And Ramrod of the War and Vietnam through and brought all those kids home and body banks. I've never heard of this. And of course, it's widely now suspected of having been behind, or at least a participant in the assassination of his predecessor. But nevertheless. So he made some money in a radio business. What's wrong with that? That's what we're trying to do now, the Beesley. That's why they're loading up the log. And those other day parts. So Kenny Hates is now already hungry. That was sure pretty quick. The road doesn't hate you. And how he does it, man? He never even, he never acknowledged our existence today. I'm sure I listen very, very carefully at the SN. He and Vogue camper actually talking about something other than sports to try to impress you. I guess they're at the end. Yeah, it was for me. Did you hear the end there about the spear through the ankle? Yeah, I'm going to be a question. Angelina Jolie and what she does is go home and wait for bread. And I'll, I'm going to have it in Hollywood talking. And then he just zipped her on. Thanks for being with us. You see it, Marana. Just shine this. Where used to that, though, Kenny? No, no, no, no. We went through that for years, man. Still nine is do okay. A thousand and ninety seven votes, man. By another flicker flash or two, we'll have eleven hundred. And people are saying, well, what does that mean? That's what they're thinking. Is there round of water cooler they're saying, you realize Rajas got eleven hundred votes already? No, no, no. I was talking about the game last night. Even Josh would tell you right now, there's nothing to talk about. And that game. What is there to talk about? Now, what is one? One. I don't think he'd line his showed up. There was some guys in some flashy red outfits out there, but that couldn't have been the falcons. Well, nobody was going to be the same, last night. And let me tell you, it's just to me a lot about a quarterback. You know, all this crap about Michael Vick. It's just to me a lot about a quarterback. Now that I want to get sports intensive, but when they say, if they can just force him to throw the ball, we'll be okay. The win to give them. In other words, he can't pass for crap. Is what they're saying? Isn't that basically what they're saying? That's what they're saying, but don't, you know, don't fall for that crap. Well, that's what they were pontificating last night. Well, Joe Thizman can pontificate. Oh, you know something. I'm so glad you mentioned him. He, that's why I turned it right off. It wasn't bad enough that there was no competition. I mean, every time I turned it, I was a wider disparity in the score. But he just, he makes madden seem like he's got learned. He's got the puppy. Oh my god. Jamma socket. And already Joe Christal Mighty. And he did go to Notre Dame. What does that, Ted? He's got seven strikes against him for where as far as I'm concerned. If he looked like Brady Quinn, I might, you know, but he never did. He, he, he, he, he, he, he even looked good. He, there always looked bad. He always had a big mouth and he's, I'm more on Joe Thizman. And who was doing the play by play? Don't tell me that that was the guy from ESPN. That's my, Terrico. But it's the new Monday night crew. I know, but it didn't sound like him to me. He didn't sound different to you. It sounded like he was in a phone booth or something. or something. Maybe he was. That's the guy who used to do the SPN games, right? Correct. Well, it is. Well, what is it on? See, I'm so confused. I don't even know what no account. But he looks white. Mike Toreco is black. Oh, yeah. He's like the colon power black. No, no, wait a minute. I'm thinking of my Patrick. Is that the guy that used to do the games? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Not my Patrick. Dan Patrick. My Patrick does the games, but not not for money. No, no. Who used to do the games? Who did me? Come on. Now, last year on ESPN. He used to do the game. He used to do the game with the size of the right. Correct. Okay. That's why I didn't sound like a wife. See, I don't know from Mike Toreco. I don't even know who to let him. He's terrible. He's awful. All right. Get out of here. He makes like Patrick sound like like, uh, like, uh, like, mel Allen, like red barber. Get out of here. He's terrible. Week. You know, we remind him you. And I only watch for like four minutes. Like I said, he reminded me of a rich wall for the Marlins. Very weak. Week. If you're going to be a broadcast, you're going to be able to project. You can't be like we did. Come on. That's a first stop. First of all, what was that? Speak up, okay? And then, and of course, then only accentuates the fact that the president is talking over them all the time, because you came here for Mike and waited in the background there, you know, get them out of the back of the broadcast booth. I think it's a racial thing. Now that you told me that. Don't you? They got them stuff way back there in the back of the booth. 113 votes. Board it. And look at that. You might have hit on there. The future about Kaita. Now, what's wrong with Raghead? I don't see anything wrong with that. No, we put that in the same category where there's other progerator terms. You know, like, what's wrong with Rag? I'm not problem with Fag. I'm not a whole Fag. I know, I know from Fag and Kuiya. Hey, Kuiya, you know, like that. But to put that in the same context, like with the inward man, I don't see anything wrong with Raghead. Neither. Do you know, you don't have to be like an Islamic group all to be a Raghead? You can be like a fresh moth ahead. You can be a he, how's sitting? Do you? Sure. Right. The Catholic women wear rags on their heads when they go to church. And then, of course, these old Getski's who have an earlier, I've got some in my building man. And I, oh, you have no idea hard is to restrain yourself because like being a terror, you got to be very polite A and I am, you know, restrain yourself from the day. For people that are like 10 blocks behind me, aren't even coming in a building. All I wish they would. But the women that got the full, that's the full thing on the whole board of the group. Yeah, it catches the little splits of the eyes. You know, oh, wow. And they're slept in there 85 kids along with them. Follow the trail demon over the right. For 286 older bosses man the boy, I believe you were there, you're still come back. Where? You know their. Are you ready to call somebody? He punched him and he put on one side of the T.A. Yes, he threw it with a women bag. He was in a tournament, got me. He's so bad. And he's ok, but I'm not going to put it on the action. So I'm going to open with a normal drink out of the viewers. But like our pool, man. Yeah, let's be stopping this for a little bit. Right. I took up my pool, and then my face came in. Right. Right. Right. Right. Yeah. You don't excuse me now. I'm ready. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Twenty past eleven and five sixty WKOM. See, this is the way I look at it. And that is what, when somebody, all of you know, in the case of the parents, like, would they worth their last choose? And they make good little kids with the beanies to school and everything. The other kids are going, oh, he's got a beany. All of this is in probably in Johnny, you know, Lenny. Lenny's got a beany. But in that case, you can't play in the kids. You have to blame the parents. But any adult who, you know, chooses to go out and looking like that. You know, like, more used to say to me, how about how if you've got to remember to come to work, looking like that with my baggy pants. Right. And then, of course, I thought to myself, talk about the hot dog, the kettle, pink. Man, just that piece of his man, he used to try to slide down the side of his forehead, but nevertheless. You know, when I left yesterday to a clock, I was thinking to myself, you know, nobody will ever say that Chris Sims doesn't have balls. Who? When I was shaving this morning, say I've actually scared you there, but I was shaving, I was going to say. Yes, you did. And in addition to screaming into the mirror there, about this radio station, I was also thinking to myself, what Chris Sims, many of me finished the game with a busted screen. Didn't he, Josh? Yes, he did. So anybody who's not, I didn't, wasn't thinking that at all. He said at this morning before he said that he hated us like poison. I think it's your fault, George. It is. You always do that. You always turn everybody again. Like, whoa, I didn't even mean to you. You already, by the time that I even got to lay eyes upon that, three years ago, first time, you had already turned him into a virulent enemy on the white driver. Yeah. Well, maybe you want to take a golf or the tiger? I, woman, woman, found his round bat in tea mug. See your rapid Iowa. A western Iowa woman is recovering from the shock of finding a drowned bat in her tea mug after she sit from the cup all day. Oh, Jesus. Oh, that's good. Yeah, when you think that maybe you might take a look in it, the brown bat about the size of two tea bags was found a few weeks ago as 60 year old Woodbury County woman said chuck, chip early, an environmental director for the Sulean Health Office in Su City, Iowa. I knew the person so I knew it was no jokes had chip earlier took the call from the woman. The woman who had a kind of identifier self-coach, she found the bat when she was cleaning out the mug at night. She said she put the bat in a plastic bag before learning when he Sulean Health Office the next morning. Oh, chip early said the bat was sent that day. September one of the University hygienic laboratory in Coralville, results show the bat didn't have rabbi. Thank God. Thanks God, man. Didn't have no rabbi. Can you imagine that? State epidemiologist Patricia Quinzelyn said the bat had the bat been rabbi. The woman probably would have underwent a series of rabies shots even though the probability of contracting rabies would be low. She might be feeling might. I mean, can you imagine even, I'd rather not know. Like having a big, plash of a soda, and you got the straw in there and you're sucking the soda out there all in it. Maybe a piece of a little bit off, you know, a little bat. And then you open up the plastic lid off the top of the lid. And here's like a little brown bat. The virus needs to break into the skin to enter the body. So it's Susan Brackis, state public health veterinarian. Mike Pentella program, injured at University hygienic laboratory said the bat was the first sort of lab. We test many, many bats. He said, but none of the brown and cup of tea before or in the tea room. Have you seen a bat? Yeah, of course. Close in personal. I mean, of course. There are everywhere. If we took a poll out here, most of the people in our audience would not, would not, let's say they've seen a bat close everywhere. And every single day that ever lived. Years and years ago, many, many moons ago. I guess I was in high school, the summertime. And my father had bought this small apartment building, you know, like, half a dozen apartments in it, whatever. And we were like, we modeling something. I was helping out in the summertime. And it was a, and one of the bat tubs in the apartment was a hut. One of the bat tubs. There was a piece of cardboard in there. And the cardboard was moving. You know what I'm saying? There was a bat underneath the cardboard. So to make a long story short, I went, I got a two by four. And I, man, I'm telling you, hard to kill a bat. You ever tried to kill one? No, I can't say that I had. Well, see, there you go. I killed it. But more, I'd say you keep slamming on that thing and slam on it. And all that in the entire cardboard keeps moving around. You know? And finally, Bob Ting, I think you have one last good, good, still. And that was the end of that. Yeah, that was the end of that. That was the end of my, to smite. It took off a cardboard and turns out it was robbing under there. Oh, I would have let it over to broken my heart. Gary Hart says, the Santa, why don't we do many of these because we're going to everybody all nervous now and start like pupin up their bat blood. Gary Hart, the October surprise. He's a member Gary Hart, Donna Rice. I do. It's you come as though surprised if the Bush administration undertakes a preemptive war against Iran sometime before the November election jury rights. With these more normal times, this would be a stunning possibility quickly dismissed by thoughtful people as dangerous, unprovoked and out of keeping with our national character, but we do not live in normal times, he says. And we don't have a government much concerned with our national character. If anything, our current administration is not to be make our national character into something it's never been. The steps will be these. Air force tankers will be deployed to fuel B2 bombers, Navy cruise missiles ships will be presented to Tejdu points in the northern Indian Ocean and perhaps the Persian Gulf. Unman drones will collect target data and command their teams will refine those data. The latter two steps are already being taken. Then the president will speak on national TV. He will say this. Iran is determined to develop nuclear weapons. If this happens, the entire region will go nuclear. Our diplomatic efforts to prevent this have failed. Iran is offering a haven to know how kind of leaders the fate of our ally is real is at stake. Iran persistence supporting terrorism including an Iraq and sanctions will have no effect and be side there for cities. He will not say and be sides we need to oil. Therefore, he will announce our own national security and the security of the region requires us to act. Tonight I've ordered the elimination of all facilities in Iran that are that are dedicated to the production of weapons and mass destruction and the narrowest terms this includes perhaps 2,000 targets. But the authors of the war in Iraq have regime change in mind in Iran. According to Colonel San Gardner, author of the end of the summer of diplomacy, assessing US military options in Iran. They have any hope as success such a policy would require attacking at least 400 targets, including the revolutionary guard. But even this presumes the Iranian people respond to a massive US attack on their country by overthrowing the government. Only administration inspired by pre-enlightenment fantasy could believe such an ocean is this. Embracing this bravery requires believing in the Iranian off-ment-challenge or perhaps even Mr. Chalbee himself since he's been working both times of the stream in both countries for some time. It doesn't involve much imagination to understand the timing. US is poised without the congressional regime change of its own in November. A political strategy totally based on fear can offer fewer of the reference to rent this. Besides occupation by Democrats of even one house to Congress in January, would make this game more difficult one would certainly hope. Further time for a super power military conquest may be running short in the emerging of forced generation warfare, the age of Western military ascendancy is coming to an end, right? It's Andrew Bassovich in the Boston Globe, Nowin. The consequences, the sunny New York cons, whose goal has been to become the New Imperial Middle East and power all along with forecast view, but prudent leaders calculate all the risks in their historic. These include violent reactions throughout the Islamic world, a dramatic increase in the hottest attacks in European cancels and the US, radicalization of Islamic youth beyond a new generation of the U.S. Consolidation of support for Hamas has blan al-Qada and a rapidly spreading malignant network escalating expansion of anti-American sentiments throughout the world including the democratic world and the formation of WWE 3 battle lines between the US and the urban Islamic world. In more rational times including at the head of the Cold War, bizarre action such as unilateral unprovoked, preventative war are dismissed by thoughtful, seasoned experienced men and women as mad, but those qualities do not characterize our current leadership. For a divinely guided person who imagines himself to be a letter they Winston Churchill, I'll be electing the ability to formulate intelligence sentences and who, professionally, does not care about public opinion at home or abroad. Anything is possible and bundling, vase and power may be seen as making the most apocalyptic actions necessary. That's what Jerry Hart said. Yeah, what's that all this evening? Yeah, the right time. The best talent to be a system for your Rogers, for video 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8, and. All right, I guess now. Now is that going to be going out all day? I mean, why is that? Why does he do that? Who's he? Who are we talking to? Whoever the guy is, it does our stuff there, our production guy, not Tommy, but whoever that other guy is. You know, he goes out of his way to make it like real al-ass force rayon, like that's the reason why. Right? Which time it is going to be this time, right? This time it is going to be this time. This time where my ass, I'm out of his mouth. Is it like a little red button? You can push or something like a, you know, a part sound. Yeah, how about like that? What are we talking about? God, God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. We're like a Chinese with the farming. And we're so really sweet and yummy. We got from the mountains on the front and we're scared. We're rich and got the southern entrance. And we said, we got a shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. We're going to go both exhibition. And that's the shit that's up in the city. We'll take a leave of hell that I'll never know. It's a benign for a night. It's a set of pieces that are destroyed. Oh, I don't know how to be sent into Gaza's strip. It's a set of pieces that are destroyed. There are stories that are going in. And this is the fuck that boy. Oh, the fuck that boy. God is the boy. It's the book that ever see the eyes in the eye. It's a set of pieces that are destroyed. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. God is the shit. He just yelled at him. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. He was the shit. A shit. Man. f el got Eddie Im Out When I was a Christian, soldier of God will be heard of all these years. All that time I bow to every word of scripture, written backwards. Get to peace, say he is a powerful God, and then I'll know when in a mighty way. Except in an 11-when-e most of it gone on the bus in holiday. Take your call and shove it all mine, don't know where to end home, but love that you're all back. If you're with us, everybody else is wrong. I'm just a watch people dance in the name of this little Lord. Take your call and shove it, I worship it in no more. Take your call and shove it, I worship it in no more. We are chariot threats, mentality and threat is coming from. You go high and start. I'm going to back you with this fellow in Ponishog and with Hamid Karzah. Of course, read the key judgment on the NIA. You read the key judgment on NIA, and they think you'd be all the facts so we can give all of that. More are talking, Pony, show more be as. At least you asked me a question, though, what about the UK Thomas's screen list as crap? And we're going to do everything our power to help them eliminate the opium trade. They're eye-propy. In fact, what we're going to do is give the taliban another 25 million. See if they do as good of a job as they did the first time. And we give them that check. I do an informal and slater about a being. Well, well, those things, man, sometimes you think things of people are your friend and they stab you right in the old act. You very like that article, I read. Do you watch your back? Is that some real heavy duty crap going on? In fact, that meeting you were talking about today. I think it's no coincidence that you were so smitten by it. They have those seminars all the time, but from all the day, you took special load of some today. Not particularly. Yeah, you know, how you didn't. Wasn't he like hypervettilating about a Josh? He's on the phone. On the phone with what? I have no idea. Hmm. Probably making a bed again. Probably got a ganks probably got him involved in all the gambling crap. Yeah. Not interested in the gambling. No, good. That's good. Don't be doing the over-sign the under-sign the ends of the, maybe a little ending up, but not over-nunder. Play a little blackjack when I go to Vegas, but that's better. No slots. No slots. Speak out of that. Oh, and what's in that, I guess I don't have it. I had it on the website, though, so I'm sure you see it because you read those articles. I think I've read all of them about how the gambling people are like salivating, not the prospect of getting rid of Jim Bush, yeah. Hold your breath. What do you mean by that? Oh, about getting the gambling. Are you start with that negative crap again to what are candidates you like poison? No wonder. Now, I think we've had a falling out with them. We don't even know why yet. It's a spark. But anyway. Ha ha ha ha. I fall. Man, it is a panic, you know, it's really something. And what about, oh, maybe because of those numbers, those trans came out yesterday. Maybe that's what they'd be seminar was about. You think it was just another sales seminar? I don't think so. I think it was right on evil things on the software. They're like Joel, fine version, rotten hell stuff like that. That's what I heard. That's what I just made up. Republican Charlie Chris, you're fair. Leeds Democrats Jim Davis by six points in the latest on Sentinel pull. I'm a governor's race, but on the side of voters who favor Davis on KSU's could grab the contest even closer. It's going to be nip and tuck, baby. It's going to be 10 to the which is earlobe. With about six weeks less than six weeks less. I've had six weeks from today in the, today's the 26th. Okay. What kind of calendar next week is the second MRI? I'd have to flip a page. That's one, the ninth, the 16th and 23rd, the 30th. Seven, six weeks from today. Only 7% of voters like voters are on the side of Chris and running May Jeff Cough Camp. Hmm? Would get votes from 49% of those full Davis and his running may Daryl Jones figured by 43% other candidates in the race collectively get only 1%. But where did you say? I said, dot camp. Oh. Davis, a Tampa Congressman could make up grounds on Chris the state's attorney general by stressing education themes to appeal to underside independence blacks and women. Many of those voters are leading for Davis's stance on public school policies. And many black voters, the poor reveals are energized by Davis's selection of it Lieutenant Governor running mate who is black. Daryl Jones. There's no question that this race can tighten men. It probably will said, post your Dell Ali. What if he's getting to my Hammond Ali? The real silver lining for Davis is that voter still won't know much about him. His name recognition is low. Only 59% of voters over all said that we even haven't opinion about who and how knows the Jim Davis. I know Bush Davis. Oh, Bush Davis. Oh, Bush Davis. Oh, back Davis. Right. Now, David, I don't like him at all. Man, I don't like Mc Davis. Oh, boy. I don't want to hear his crap. Kai. Davis has a lot more room to grow for people to be imperably. What's the most favorable? What's the most favorable? They can turn into his voters. And of course, what's the public finds out that Charlie Christie's day? Oh, not Mc Davis. Oh. Oh. Oh. Those potential votes can come from people like Paul responded marshers, Suarez, 44, a book of Republican who's understudded. I like Chris. I tend to vote Republicans, you see, because they're usually tougher. But I consider a Democrat. They're tougher, maybe. Well, they say. They're. They're much oh, said, Marsha. They stay away telephone survey and send them to Maryland, but we put a boot for them up. Chris is favored heavily by Republicans. Slightly by independence will be key in the final weeks of the race. Independence comprises a fifth of the likely turn out and 10% of them are un-designed. The rest favored Chris by six points. Black voters who'd traditionally lie within a credit candidates are about 12% of the electorate. 22% of black surveyed on the side of the governor's race. And women are favoring Davis by three points, eight% of them unsure. It doesn't really give the a breakdown of the black vote. It says without being told by all of us, but not being told by a pollster is that Joan Derell Jones is black. 56% of black surveyed said the more likely to back Davis for every selected Jones. By comparison, 63% of all they'll vote who say the running rates, so actually as an effective as soon, who cares who's just going to be the running mate, right? Who gives a crab out of that? But anyway, they're all whipped up into a frenzy. You know, we're finally going to get that fat ass loser, Jeff Bushow, there with his dysfunctional family. And maybe we won't be standing in a way of everything that people vote for and want. Jesus, Scott Almighty, whatever, Scott's starting already, huh? Today is the 26th of September. What is it about 40 years ago? We had to election and people in Broward said, Yeah, let's go for it. And what a beat, but a boot, but a vote, but a vote, and a beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat beat, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat, beat burning, beat beat, beat, beat, beat, beat And I'm gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one Oh Come on three at five 60 well things just ain't the same since that boy our dating more you know I think that was the turning point that's when we started going Hi, yeah, tell me south Not you coming to the home town of Volvo man if that pole is any parameter where the hotter than a which is Nostril you know it all right fire breathing show too bad Kenny is turned on us though Anyway former NATO commander Wesley Clark told Kentucky Democrats yesterday that President Bush has been there Remember Wesley Clark you ate all those meals at the Delhi dead. I didn't help no Gordon has tell them they told him now have another another corn beef He said that President Bush has been derelict in his duties commander and chief how about some good kish command? I would do it for you west Speaking to what gathering if they can take you to Democratic Party second annual family day event in the Frankfurt Clark said former president built Clinton Warren Bush personally during the presidential transition about Osama Yamama For eight months bush did nothing nothing no plan no action no Diplomacy no intelligence no meetings Clark said Clark also said Bush's mismanaged Iraq and black efforts to impose accountability no The truth is the Republicans have got a stuck in a mess. They don't have any way out Clark said Democrats and proposed turning over the country to the Iraqis and starting to patrol this year Clark said It also supports strong and diplomatic efforts in the region and efforts to provide sufficient Equipment and armor for the troops he be saying Clark ran for president in 2004 said after a speech that with the elections coming in November Too early to talk about what they're is interested in the 2008 presidential race His appearance at family day began a two-day Kentucky trip during which he'll campaign with candidates for the state of house and Senate and congressional candidates as well between 115 the thousand people attended the event yesterday States Senator Julian Carroll wasn't deterred by the weather which kept many people home He said he used a farm tractor to plough through three feet of water standing in the floodplain between his house in the main road You can see you can see evidence of it when you look at the mud right there in my leg Carol said pointing to a brown blotch on his pants I know But there's nothing more dangerous than a politician with a brown blotch on his pants Well that goes like this one great Britain. There you go. I think that's where he got his 1202 on a full man. It's pretty heavy duty if he just joining us It's a very important poll to believe me now, but it's good one though from Sean. Thank you Sean Who has history been most kind to rival Reagan 545 45.2% Three whatever it is Ronnie Reagan miserable and you know what's they ran out of that that Kiwi shoe policy has so many different song no more I don't think he had no Alzheimer's at all when he come right now. We're going for the right out of shoe polish Ronnie Reagan 545 Abe Lincoln 137 and we're made of a something if Abe looking for the scene some of those Ronnie Reagan movies instead of that awful play Maybe to live now he probably would have wanted die the program is 126 Who's it John John all rich for silver Alden Aldrin or what is it buzz Aldrin or all of that? Seriously who are the pilgrims give me some name? I don't know well that's what I'm saying We learned all that crap in school, but you know and I see if they would have just had us rocking back and forth with our Schmothas on we'd have that in blazing in our brains forever sure just like all these poor little Muslim kids man And all you parents out to that are inducted in brainwashing your kids with the old particular brand of poison and bull crap Let me tell you right now don't be pointing at those people, okay? They're no different than you are They're just snappy or dressers. That's all but the Muslim Revival And that's what the Pope said for you talk about backtracking holy moly man all of a sudden the Muslims are wonderful He loves everybody. Oh, hey, yeah, right who the hell is he kidding this freaking Nazi Pope? The pilgrims on 26 history treated him must too kindly old Joe Kennedy 83 what a crook? I hate this pool 63 5.2 percent vote on a hate neer. How about your Kenny and vote voted for that? They hate you. What did you do to them? You kept saying it was a sports show or something like that. Oh, Henry Ford 48 Robert E. Lee 48 Ever seen the two of them together? Not late. Charles Lindberg 44 not not only a virulent anti-Semite, you know It's it's really interesting. I guess it's not all I'm interesting, but well everything is relative you know As you look back to history like Roosevelt he was a virulent anti-Semite and you remember the ship the same Lewis and then Nazi They came from Europe and it would discred right he would said not online here and then Roosevelt said get out of here Remember that right just like everyone But everything is judged within its time like racist and they're all racist everything was within its time Which isn't excuse for but that's just it was the it was the column practice, you know Like when George Allen was using the inward in the south everybody else was using it too He just lies about it. That's yeah, it was in the right time yesterday right last week Henry Ford 48 Charlie Lindberg who killed his kid 44 and then put everybody and then they killed that poor Bruno Hopman man, it's bad the executed his ass I don't know I think was more guilty Bruno hoppin or the Rosenberg's or Molly Goldberg or the build of burgers Harry Truman 36 Oh, build a better burger. That's what I'm working on Pope pies the 1231 Henry Kissinger 16 should have a lot more Arthur God three 14 He finally got a couple more probably some of the Orthodox and Lyndon Johnson only 12 spelled wrong by the way L. Y in the O in the best what happens when he gave him a assignment to you know George Lyndon L. Y in it like in very Lyndon man was Ryan O'Neill was the in very Lyndon. I didn't see it. Thank God I don't like Ryan O'Neill. Okay, I saw love story. It was pretty boring Ray Malayan was in it though he played ball-headed Danny. You know how Danny's nose movies generally are at the bastards Yes, probably because it's true. You know If there's gonna be one parent, you know of the two that's generally a real hard-hearted bastard It's usually the father usually yeah, I can speak from experience and then again in your case. It was both See if he would just tell Kenny that maybe when he would hold such a grudge against you Ian or Bina New York time rights a fish or who where officials where we are Electronic voting machines or Bina a grown number of state and local officials are getting cool feet about electronic voting technology And many are making last minute efforts to limit or reverse the roll out of the new machines in the November elections when you vote this next month Folks month and now six weeks whatever it is from today. Make sure you vote now in a good machine In fact, just pretend you're in Vegas pretending you're in a casino and say hey listen I want to vote on the good my she-man. Once gonna register to vote the way I intended not the way somebody else wants to some right wing Nazi less than two must be for voters headed the polls governor Robert J. Earl if the junior of Maryland this week They came the most recent official race concerns publicly Mr. Earl of a Republican said he lacked confidence in the state's new hundred and six million dollar electronic voting machine and Suggested a return of paper ballots. That's what they do in Canada by the way paper ballots I'd like that but old fashion be in a what works every time and not only that But when you finish voting you know who you voted for dozens of states of adopted electronic voting Technology to comply with federal legislation 2002 intended to face out old fashion lever and punch card machines after that hanging sheds crap in Florida after the 2000 election when Bush stole Florida and stole a country and stole our whole everything He stole it but some election officials in voting experts say they fear that the new technology May have only swapped old problems for newer more complicated ones Their concerns became more urgent after widespread problems with the new technology reported this year in primaries in Ohio Arkansas Illinois Maryland and elsewhere This year about a third of all precincts nation water using electronic voting technology for the first time raising the chance of problems at the polls as Workers struggled to adjust in new system I think there's a good reason for concern heading into the midterm election said Richard Celeste McCrand former Ohio governor was chairman of a Coach him out of a study of new machines for the national research council with Dick Thorneberg Republican and former governor of Pennsylvania You have to train the poll workers Celeste especially because many of them are of a generation from the technology is especially a challenge In other words, they're older than methuseless especially in Florida methuseless grand parents are likely to be the poll workers for you They slept them in they have to bring their walkers with a wheels on inform so they can get to the right spot Paperless touchscreen machines have been the biggest source of consternation and with about 40% of registered voters nationally expected to cast their balance in these machines and mentor Elections many local officials fear that the lack of a paper trail will leave no way to verify Ocin case of fraud or computer faded like when you go to the turtle of baby a better leave a paper trail As a result states like that guy with a brown blotting his pants And the adults states are scrambling to make last minute fixes before the technology. Oh, yeah, I bet they are Before the technology's got as biggest text test in November when voter turnout will be higher than in the primers Many races will be close and the threat of litigation will be ever present Richard Hazen professor of Loyola law school in LA found election challenges filed in court group of 361 in two 2004 up from 1997 in 2000 what you have coming up is the intersection of new technology and an unclear legal regime And he said we've got a clear regime all right. It's a Nazi regime. That's the problem a fascist regime And there's no way to get rid of it because you know we keep a vote no over here and they keep sticking it over there You know what you keep putting the point around one spot and they keep sticking at some place else all the time That's right just like Chris Jones there in sales 1225 votes on the pool. I think we got a oh yeah We can do 14 today. I think sure get ahead. That's how my list is Joe's got over there mid days about 14 I Okay Don They said fire They shot two They say they're not really violent They say they're not really me All the smoke. I'm there Then it's too soon Then it's just What did he say to make those this You Hello They're all They say the wolf be bathed. All of them are men, they're burning at the land she's used. All of a small, dumb man and a family she's used. All of a small, dumb man and a cat. Family is used. Money pass no man, he's back track and heavy duty. Don't chip down in a nice red slipper, that would be bad. I got a long commentary about Keith Obermoomb, but I've been in our reeds too long. Oh, well, he says, Bochie's a coward. The textbook definition of coward is, commenting on both of them, the spots he was in to be. Should I read it? It's too long. I think he should read it. Dr. Ish? Yeah, definitely. No wonder Kenny hates us like poison, huh? What's just guys into it with Chris Sims and his, uh, of, of, spleen? Aren't you thinking about that a lot? Who? Yeah, I'm hoping that he doesn't come back. Yeah. Exactly. You're not thinking that he's got a big pair. Are you think that he sucks? And you know what? You got a good point. And his daddy, you know, something, I think that is that that's spleen out the second daddy's mouth. Shut him up a little bit. Man, oh man. Let me have a good pull someday. Who's the biggest motormath of all of them? But they're all motormaths. Joe name is John Madden who I used to like until the season by an out of control. What do you mean, yeah? Who do I say? Name it. Oh, him also. Joe, the advisement, but he should go, could you play? Joe, the advisement, John Madden, Denise Potthand, Phil Sims, oh, man. There's so many. Really call it work. Ooh, ooh, evil. There's an evil one. What do we got to get, is he going to be out with Ira doing a basketball football segment pretty soon? Oh, he did. Wait for it. Wait for it. I'm sure it's going to be sponsored. Do they'll be good? At least they're selling something man. See other 20 hours. And I sell an issue. Keep it up there. And that way we stay out of your hair and use day out of ours. Just keep the checks coming. That's what I was screaming as I was shaving this morning of the mirror. Just keep the checks coming. Leave me alone. That's all. Leave us alone. We've done our thing. You know, I mean, I've done my thing 30 years. Now if we get like one shirt, let's let them worry about the rest of the day. Okay, let them morning show get a 10 year. Let's the guys now have to know, get the big numbers in there. The mad dog in the hump are let's let them hold up their rent of it. Okay, I'm an old old man. Would like Joel would say, with a real sore back. It doesn't story yet, but once they start to fall on me, depending on who they are. Keith Olderman said, if you would have gotten me reading this, I'd be dull with it already. So it's lost. Too long. That distracts him and drives you. Page actor, he's talking as Chris Simscrack and trying to distract me about the bulk Amperes said something about Faggot's. A textbook definition of cowardice by Keith Olderman, that headlines about them, of course, are entirely wrong. It's not essential that a past president bullied and sandbagged by a monkey, posing as a newspaper, finally, last back. It's not important that the current president's portable public courses described his predecessors who has told his crazed, our tone should be crazed. The nation's freedoms are under assault by an administration whose policies can do as much damage as Al Qaeda. The nation's market place of ideas is being poisoned by a propaganda company, so blatant, that Tokyo Rosewood of Quit. Nonetheless, the headline is this. Bill Clinton did what almost none of us have done in five years. He has spoken the truth about 9.11 and the current presidential administration. At least I tried, he said of his own efforts to capture a killer Osama. That's the difference in me and some, including all the right wingers who are attacking me now. They had eight months to try. They did not try. I tried, he said. Well, we already heard that. Still got to take one. It's not here somewhere. Ask plenty of questions. They didn't ask that. Did you tell us where you were. Tell a truth, Grace, you lie in sack, you fox clunky. Thoughts in this supposed it emerged as years, Mr. Clinton is taking force of enthronfernoxons. For honesty and for us action is vital in trade is any of his presidency. Action is startling and his liberating is anybody. Anyone in his last long five years. The Bush administration did not try to get Osama bin Laden before 9.11. The Bush administration ignored all the evidence gathered by its predecessors. The Bush administration did not try to understand that he had been being in the Ottoman Empire in the US. The Bush administration did not try. Moreover, for the last five years, one month and two weeks to current administration and particularly the president has been given the greatest pass for incompetence and malfeasance in American history, writes Keith. President Roosevelt was rightly blamed for ignoring the warning signs. Some of them 17 years old before Pearl Harbor. President Hoover was correctly blamed for not the great depression itself. Then the disastrous economic steps he took in the immediate aftermath of the stock market crash. Even President Lincoln assumed some of the measure responsibility for the civil war, though seven-session began as early as 1832. But not this president, the Harry and Bliton wine and bullied nearly every opportunity. One would think someone else had been president in 9.11 or the nearly eight months that proceeded it. That hardly reflects the honesty nor manly misbehave expected the executive. But if his own fitness and service of no true concern to him, perhaps we should simply sigh and keep our fingers crossed until our grown-up takes the job three January from now. See the right-hand margins missing again on that day. Well, but at least it shot in short and stood up a little bit. After five years of scrutiny, even the most inaugural effect that he was president of 9.11, he must be very similar to responsibility for his and our unweightiness. Mr. Bush is now moved on mistakenly in the conscience or shame toward rewriting history and attempting to make the responsibility entirely Mr. Clinton's. Of course he's not honest enough to do that directly. As with all other nefariousness and slime of this, our worth president seasons James Buchanan, he's having a done for him by proxy, thus the sandbag effort by Fox News Friday afternoon. Consider the timing. I think I should break it that for a long man. Okay, six hundred pages on and play the audio you know. Could. Could. But keep to it. Should we do that? If you want, I'll load it up during the day. But then we'll start all over again. James, we wouldn't want that. That would be more time. I don't want to kill time. Okay, I want to save the world. You believe me? No. No, I don't want to start all over again. That's a tune out. That would be like putting on it then hurricane FSU crap. You know something this I was just on and on me yesterday. When I was thinking about Chris and his spleen. And this trend doesn't even reflect the data we just we gave away. The day we gave away we said that everybody else in the market who has a commercial radio station. Here you guys go. We're shutting off for 24 hours. Overwhelming of the audience is said, are you people crazy? A 24 hour tellgate party with those off of hurricanes who lost the game anyway. To like a marginal, not a little girls team like maybe an adolescent girls team. Would that be fair for FSU Josh? A young ladies team. Yeah, the share. Yeah, pretty weak. 24 hours. And we're the keeping mind. We're the bad guys because we don't want to be a party to that crap. We're the bad guys. We're the evildoers. Where the ones who are always peeing in the soup. Us. Me. You guys. Because we absolutely are hard asses and we refuse to go along with the program. That's it. That's what goes down. That's why a couple of weeks we're all going to be on the outside. Looking in. Chris Moore's coming back to do mid days in two weeks. The biggest name. So the best challenge to the faces. The old Rockress. Force Radio 560. You A M. Nobody's ever suggested. That the attacks of September 11th were ordered by rack. There's something slimy and sinister in business class. Yeah, yeah. We know something evil and venomous. All right. We know something so terrifying. Yeah, how we get it. They too. No. It's showing what car on a plane. Yes, I get it. It was an accident. Third is more champagne please. Turn. Turn. No. Two. Two. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 15. 13. Yeah. 12. We. 12. 12. 11. 12. 12. 12. 13. 18. 13. 14. 14. 13. 15. on it loads on it takes how long it loads on it takes the load up this long how long this is a great commentary and then against Keith Overman who is beloved by our audience and who does a much better job of reading from the celebrate on MSNBC that I'm going to do sitting here hunched over like some old Jew-fag hunchback you know are you going to are you loading it yeah didn't go anywhere before that they had to take a look at time reading their in his job strand on our my space not homepage so that's from a center in that life how did I miss that that must be old huh it ain't gonna play so keep it's not gonna play it's not gonna play well why not because it's a piece of you got some kind of a horseball computer there yeah well know it walks me to loads and software for it's hosting it from so oh my god after five years of scurrying even the most art in our global effect that he was present on 9-11 and they must be a some responsibility for his and our unreadyness Keith Overman says most of which is now moved on mistakenly and without conscience or shame toward rewriting history and attempting to make the responsibility entirely minister Clinton's of course he's not honest enough to that directly is with all the other in a fairies and it's slime of this our worst presidency since James we can he's having a time for him by proxy thus the sandbag effort by Fox News Friday afternoon consider the timing the very weekend the national intelligence system it would be released and showed the rack board to be defragile and figured that it is not a check on terror but fertilizer for it the kind of proof of incompetence for which the administration and its hyenas of fox need to find a diversion in a scapegoat it was the kind of cheap trick which would get a journalist fired but a propaganda promoted promise to talk to charity in generosity but instead launched into the lies in distortion where to the authoritarian among us attacked the virtuous and we wore the useless and don't even be professional enough to assume the responsibility for the standards yourself blame your audience for emailing you the question Mr. Clinton responded as you've seen he told a great truth untold about this administration's negligence perhaps criminal negligence about in laden he was brave and the increase walls might be braver still had I in one moment surrounded all my credibility as a journalist and been irreduivably humiliated as he was I would have gone home and started a new career selling seeds by mail the smearing by proxy of course didn't begin Friday afternoon visiting was first to sell out its corporate reputation with the path to 911 of that company scrams against truth one needs to say little simply put someone they were enabled authority and zealots to bell-sought mr. Bush's new and improved history the basic plot line was this because he was distracted by the monocle of winsky scandal built to tell the prevent 911 most curious and some ways the most infuriating aspect of this slap to our theory including the right wingers who have advocated to try to sneak into our collective consciousness through entertainment or who stand by Mr. Clinton with other news conference have simply skipped past its most gliving flaw had it been true that Clinton had been distracted from the hunt for bin Laden 98 because of the monocle of winsky nonsense why didn't some of these same people applaud him for having bomb in laden's can to that gannison in Sudan August 20th of that year from mentioning bin Laden by name as he did that they were public and senator Graham's a Minnesota invoked the movie wagged the dog Republican senator coats of Indiana question mr. Clinton's judgment Republican senator asked croff from Missouri the future attorney general echoed coats even Republican senator Arlin specter question the timing and of course were a true put in heaven distracted by the will of the winsky which huh who on earth conducted a winsky which huh who turned the political discourse of this country on its head for two years who corrupted the political media who made it impossible for us to even bring back on the air the counterterrorism analyst like Dr. Richard Hauss and James Donigan who had warned at this very hour on this very network in early 1998 of cells from the Middle East to sought to attack us here who prevented them in order to strengthen us with a trivia that was all the monocle all the time who distracted whom who did know this of course whereas inevitable most abortionist hens been proved not as quiet as smart as they think they are the full responsibility for nine eleven is obviously shared by three administrations maybe four but mr. Bush if you're not trying to convince us by proxy then it's all about the distraction of 98 and 99 then you'll have to face a startling fact that your minions may have hidden from you the distractions of 98 99 mr. Bush were carefully manufactured lovingly executed not by Bill Clinton but by the same people who got you elected president close instead of some commendable acknowledgement that you even office on nine eleven and the lost months before it we have your sleazy and sloppy rewriting a history designed by somebody who went out and read the oral table too quickly thus instead of some explanation for the inertia of your first-aid months at office we're told that you have kept us safe ever since the statement that might range anywhere from zero to 100 percent true we have nothing but your word and you were as long since cease to mean anything and of course the one time you've ever given us specifics about what you kept us safe from mr. Bush you got to name it supposedly targeted tower Los Angeles wrong thus it was left for the previous persons to say what so many of his have felt what so many of us have given you a passport and must have even the years after the attack you did not try you would nor the evidence get by your predecessor you would nor the evidence gathered by your own people then you blamed your predecessor that would be a test of the vinnison and definition mr. Bush of cowardice to enforce the lives of the president necessary to erase the truth to the past that was one of the great mechanical realities Eric Blair writing his George Orwell gave us in the book 1984 the great philosophical reality gave us mr. Bush may sound as permitted to you as it is lately begun sound for a million of me the party six power entirely for its own sake we're not interested in the good of other were interested solely in power powers not a means it's an end one does not establish a dictatorship to safeguard a revolution let me extend the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship the object of persecution is persecution the object of torture is torture the object of power is power earlier last Friday afternoon before the fox and boy speaking in a far different context of the closing session of his remarkable global mission mr. Clinton quoted Abraham Lincoln state of the union address from 1862 we must disenthraw ourselves mr. Clinton didn't quote the rest of his to Lincoln sentence he might well have we must disenthraw ourselves and then we shall save our country and so is mr. Clinton helped to disenthraw ourselves and perhaps enabled us even at this late and bleak day to save our country the pre-pass has been withdrawn mr. Bush you did not act to prevent a lot in 11 we don't know what you've done to prevent another 9 11 you have failed us and leverage that faded justify purposeless war in Iraq which you have all too soon claimed more american lives ended 9 11 you have failed us into an Afghanistan and now you've tried to hide your failures by blaming your predecessor and now you exploit your faded irrationalized brazen torture which doesn't work anyway which only condemns our soldiers to waterboarding which only humiliates our country further in the world and which no true american whatever condom's little on advocate and there it is mr. Bush are yours the actions of a true american early a margin of the good area yeah well considering that half of the articles chopped off on a way and yes I know I should have done it on what you call it on fire five five five printed it sideways upside down backward you know both open you know just use one for one thing and the other for the other day well I don't want to do all about okay I don't want to keep both open how do you like that all right mr. smarty pants mr. computer expert pants are very smart well I saw the bronze plush probably walk by that sales meeting this morning saw Chris Jones in there but it would fup pup pup pup pp he made me he's one of your neighbors up there North Carolina he might be could be down here now sounds like when you're kind of crowd 1289 we got man of course like I said he's picking up bread worse predecessor left the hide and seek he's got a stick his head and like last time I told him whether you chop it a little bit I told him I have emptied him we're gonna what we're gonna do is we're gonna have the new Rogers guillotine if was good enough for them frogs man it's good enough for us it was good enough like chopper and turn that set up let's start chop chop that's right just like mowa don't only had that guillotine a little bit sooner 1290 most 1290 WGA 1290 what is 1290 1290 was at the jannell I think jannell was 1290 or was while boy those were the days 31 years ago may in 1975 that year in West Palm Beach I never to be forgotten do you know I'd broadcast West Palm Beach exposed baseball Josh you know that I did not know that yes I did it's a pretty good interview two for my sports show I had the Milo Hamilton in there despised by many I thought he's pretty good guy truck Thompson the late truck Thompson the great truck Thompson voice of the world's in Washington senators I'm here to go boy he was good he was a really great broadcast or truck Thompson see the good people are the dead people isn't that what the downbell we said I'd do you see fast or I dream that oh yeah you said that to me that was good huh yeah was funny but a crying very funny yeah but like you guys some some of the drop-ins like that the honey tune and especially you wait the only yeah that I was a little confused about yeah I thought it was Anthony and he ate the own 80 on the one why I was a big big chunk big piece of cake what that sounds good don't you know today now unless it's meat cake ate my and I'm gonna sue these best his man 196.4 I haven't weighed that much in years ages I waste days basically between like 188.193 which yeah well you know it's not great but for me that's not so bad for a fat old deterred but in the days one day you were 190 now what did you drop like gained six pounds in a day no not this past Monday was one minute maybe you think it was last the late last week no not this Monday maybe Friday oh hey listen I didn't feel like they fill up a bad club okay including that kind of been in Jerry's coffee coffee crunch and you know something wasn't even good it wasn't even good and that usually the way works well I'm so depressed about this place and I'm looking in the mirror and I'm thinking to myself stop already just take the paycheck okay you got on my potty train now they said it early but no seriously I told you back in January man you can't fool this old queen I'm telling you right now I can spell this crowd from a mile away I know what they're up to the best thing the best news that they can give you right now is for Joe Bell to walk in there to a clock and say here's a big check for everybody nails getting this by hour we just sold a place okay good luck to all you guys gonna pay off your are you on his contract yeah hey I'm Eric put that Keith Oberwind thing up nice call an Eric God bless Eric okay and still listen to me bumble and fumble through and cycle even watching myself and here our real great he's got that great story in horsey I keep overwinds just fabulous I never really I never really knew he had it in him you know it's times like these that bring out the best and people or that is correct these are the times that try men's souls what were you gonna say holes oh 1243 and QA and hey listen these are also like it's the middle of hurricane season baby it's may only be September 26 but we got a long way to go we got all about to work and in November so don't count your chickens before they hatch it's time to took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane perforations which so many people give a cut short doing like during Wilma the hurricane shut around land manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and on the provide you with expert installation too call them at nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three and get the protection for you and your whole family that you ought to have they feature roll downs accordions panels just like the hurricane shut around left custom make even install though shutters for you call right now nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three and get on your way to top notch protection the hurricane shut around let's stand down to operate and they are licensed and sure and they brought in Palm Beach County approved they stock all sizes of public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your specifications or many for pickup or the liver and do you and like I said if you want to leave them installing for you the public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted and when you call or stop by be sure and national meal because you can tell me the new such a buy you'll get a hundred bucks off on a minimum order 350 square feet what's not hurricane shut around let call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three are just long under their website hurricane shutter outlet dot com the biggest name so best talent this is the Rogers sports video five sixty you a and this is the whole of the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Goa. The ultimate Gillick that he is a real guy co-customer not a paid celebrity so to help tell her story we hired an actual celebrity Mr. Mel Gibson I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family when I accidentally hit a cow I ordered it was a whole stain cow hey whole stains sounds Jewish I called Geico expecting to get a recording but someone was there to help me you know something Jewish cows cause most of the accidents in the world Geico got my claim in the works right away and I was actually able to enjoy dinner and the main course was help why I was a hand baby you know my father always told me not to throw anyone who doesn't need help Geico real service real savings really insane celebrities I got news for a man on you know him here for I'm eating a triple bacon cheeseburger so I better lose that weight this week you know him here's what Saturday job as I don't know what's got to be a week after Russia's sure maybe it's got to be Friday at sunda if you say so that's what we'll be saying so Chris Jones ourselves man there popped this head in the door and you said what before his standard real heart well the show was a progress you know so he came in and you like you know he was responding my note and I said I'm what he said daily below our eyes holes yeah said to wait now for today anyway what do you mean it's too late what you're not gonna have a little thing here like a quarter and a quarter to eight this morning probably but it's too late now when he popped his head in that's what Carolin King said to it's too late and I'm not gonna make me play she also say sweet seasons yeah all those things Carol King oh she was always here like a horse face she still is as you really she made so good music though yes you can't make good music and look good too I mean that's it's it's written so it is written I don't know who wrote it but let's face it there aren't that many hot looking recording artists are there oh not a lot of the girls I'm Shakira and you're wow now we're talking she and exactly you know she's hot yeah she's good but about watching in a cute little Canadian girl Avril Avril of you I like you're doing to me she has to give me a small can hot I mean what are these things I make for you I said singers what what the long as I did for a day you think you're like her sister sister singer when I think that I was a shot I'm sorry Jessica hey listen I don't hold against you and I wish that Nick would know god who cares about him man he is so old man now that I've discovered James Franco and I got him and I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna know I you know I should do if I had any balls at all which I don't I would take that it's a set of like six DVDs the freaks and geeks thing I would take that and put it in a garbage bag and put it down the garbage shooter I don't want to have it I don't want to be in possession of it I don't want to know about it you could find into warn me about that I didn't know from it it's exactly what it says freaks and geeks I don't want to see a bunch of little rubber greber geeks you know post he don't look all I couldn't there anyway yeah nine geeks god swear when Chris Jones pops his head and they're and said uh leaving me look listen here's my advice I'm I'm saying it on the ear not off here I want to you all to want the audience to here it also go on record they're my witness the next time that's right I'm they can bear my witness or bear whatever they want the next time Joe Bell or Chris Jones pops through head and the door it says what's up just and here's the response he'll say just keep the text coming that's it all right no complaints everything is great okay everything is sensational that's right just tell him oh we're fine don't forget last guy to say that was Dan Stewart oh we're fine I can't believe he's dead why not I don't know he was a young guy sure happens to them too how are we seeing was like forty something maybe forty something early forty so it'll hold within me a couple years wow and now he's dead and that's because he came in there and they talked that crap about Josh Moro there that's right don't look that good anymore yeah and did just like the same crap with uh yeah like I told you about the Lord man smighten joke Kennedy it's why he had that massive stroke although they still were able to fix the election in uh in West Virginia in the primaries and the one in Illinois in the general election all those dead people of Odin you know that's how Kennedy got elected nineteen six to no yes I did look good saw that movie but I guess not that Republicans are playing catch up boy and boy when they get even they get even an insum a card dealership in Ohio see the Pope started a whole similar now what if the Pope eats carrot cimus a carrot carrot carrot hard to be able to ship in Ohio is decided not to run a commercial proclaiming a geahot on the west auto market and Muslim activist group said yesterday not a good idea the Ohio chapter the council on american Islamic relations released letter from the dealership offering an apology and saying the radio ad which had never been aired was a miscotted attempted humor we appreciate the dealerships constructive reaction to feedback about the proposed ads that odd-down mirrors are directed the groups of Ohio's office we accept the apology and hope that in them the decision not to wear the spots bring the season to a close in other words please don't bomb us the statement from the dealership I'm not gonna read the name of the dealership in Columbus said a large number of people contacted us a lot of the senior humor we were trying to convey but far too many were clearly bothered by it this was simply an attempted humor that fell short to employees at the dealership said they had been dead huge with cause about the commercial it also offered a sincere apology to anyone who was offended wow that great that's not council on american Islamic relations Sunday had complained publicly about plans for a commercial it said would have proclaimed a geahot on the west automark it offering fat law Fridays with sales representatives getting pay source to children oh no that's a great idea is we got fat law Fridays with sales reps getting pay swords to kids misra said the council would likely contact them either offer some kind of cultural or sensitivity awareness training that law Friday how what can have that can't we fat law Friday but oh listen I'm hearing you are there in which in this case is not so good or her I'm surrounded by oh brother you couldn't even begin to imagine I think there's only me like about 75 million Muslims here really been about two block radius about it if they only did I hear the law says the person said I had a smirk actually I was sure wonder what I was witnessing I think like that crap right they literally for trying to take me back to the last time they'll quit and famously what is that gene most oh brother she's the least with her big mouth like she's a real good one to be a making political commentary he's a silly goes she's exactly what you expect for them to put on here make no mistake about it they are evil and the most evil of them also will feel screen you know what's really evil what now the Chris Jones tell you about the new deal we got anybody out there what we're gonna do we have a new commercial love package if Qm five second spots all we do is we announce the name of your business like ad Jones motors anyway and if we got to have a lot of things the ad Jones motors in Miramar smaller unit than the billboard even right so what we're gonna do is we're gonna take those four minute breaks that we have on the show which sets the limit thank god of a be one and like goddling those one and what we're gonna do is we're gonna each minute will consist of 12 five that's right which you multiply that and source will have like 48 five seconds five so Adele the secret that we think we have to go think it out. Think it out. But then learn the other territory. Okay, I could be wrong. Maybe I'm hearing things, but I thought that after the idea there, I heard it started here some other crap. You must have become a permanent controller, and we're something I heard it also. What was that? I don't know the spot you kept playing basically. The next spot, just started playing. The next spot from what? The next spot of the next. Wow. Okay, let's get a couple of miles away. Here's a fact that says this year, you own Kipper. Oh, you own Kipper as they say. No, but no Jews say you own Kipper. If you only like some idiot was saying you own Kipper. Oh, get out of here. You own Kipper as in like Kipper hearing. Kipper, uh, who? You know, I don't like eating anything. It's got the eye looking back at you. You know, we're on a very regrettly. Back at you. It was a horsey of it. They called back at you and he won. Huh. This year, you own Kipper as Sunday night and slash Monday, October for this Sunday night, Sunday night, Sunday night, you own Kipper. So, I mean, starting at Sunday night, you can start eating a lot of a lot of trade. They can double cheeseburgers, pork sandwiches, stuff like that. Hang on, right, not a riot. Hang on, right, bread, but mayonnaise, real trade. All these so all this silly crap, man. I think this tradition, yes. So is a killing people tradition. So is all that crap they're doing those madrasses over there. And where we at one point in the lead to believe that they were cutting that crap out, yeah, we were led to believe. Well, guess what? They're not cutting that crap out. The Saudis are still promoting it and the Packies are still practicing it. And the kids are still adjovening back and forth. And they're still listening to each other's, breakfast. And the carpet there. I got news for your man. You got to watch what you eat if you're going to be like, throw in your ass up in there. Like then, also watch who's behind you real close. God seems to be their favorite pastime is thrown at carpet on the ground and stick in their ass up in there. Sounds like some kind of a, yeah, exercise to me. What would you think? I turned out to. No, good. That folks pointed to you. He'll draw you a diaphragm. If he ever shows up again. I think he got hijacked here, Pomp and O'Park, I think that's going to be in the fourth race tonight. How many votes we got? We got the 1200 yet at the third and we are 13 holy. Molly, we're going to do it again. We are going to do it again, Joel. Just to piss you off because we would do anything to hurt your ass. And I'm sure they're talking real heavy duty over there. All we got a big August man when we're on fire. Yeah, you know what happens to things that are on fire? They turn to ashes real fast. You know what I mean? I do. 1336. Yeah, they get a burning desire. 1336 votes. Who has history been most kind to? What is wrong with you people? You know something? Now I understand why people are filming at the mouth about this war based that a pack of lies. How old is Johnson could be in the last place? I realized he was a late addition. That's my bed. We put him on this morning. Yeah, I forgot about it. Trying to win anyway. How could he be in last place? Because I still did wrong all those hours. No, it's said, what's his name? Eric, whatever his name is, Eric came to your rescue. They were corrected. Just like he corrected. Nilp yesterday to none. No, for arms would grow up. History has been kind to Rani Reagan, 606. Oh, they left the middle six out so far. He was the any Christ. That's what Jane Waman said. Abe Lincoln, 142. Three displays. But he couldn't care less. The program's 139. Joe Kennedy, 88. In fact, if the sun is like George Allen, if they would have just said, well, can we keep this stage? We won't just see, but we still want to keep this stage. Oh, okay. How's that? Deal. No deal. Joe Kennedy, 88 old piece of turd. Joe can evil. Evil crook. I hate this pool. 82. 6.1 percent. They're full of hate. I think Kenny put him onto us. Robert E. Lee, 55. Henry Ford, 51. Charles Lindberg, Lucky Lindberg, 46. Like the dog named Lucky. You know, with one eye and no legs? Harry Truman 40, Pope Pius, the 1236, Nazi lover, just like the current Pope. All of a while now I take it back. He was in Nazi love with the current Pope, is just a Nazi. Henry Christian, you're speaking of Jewish Nazis 19, Arthur Godfrey 17. But I tell you, I think Arthur Godfrey wouldn't like Henry Christian year. No way. He wouldn't have hired him to do anything. Even the eat that sand soup may be okay. And Lindman, Johnson 15, last place out of 1337. We're going to go over 1400. But these people, you better start brushing up on your history, Mr. Because LBJ was an evildoer. He was evil, man. Nasty evil, rotten line. 58,000 kids came home and body bags. And of course, that night even dimension all the other thousands. If you saw a board on the 4th of July, who came home missing body parts like the ones we have now. They keep talking about the 20, what is it? 271 is the up to date figure dead in Iraq, American soldiers. They're talking about that. What about the 20,000 injured? Many of whom have the most body parts. Well, they're wounded. Yeah, they're just slightly injured. Right outside. So that is our lightly killed right by those roadside bombs. Katrina Vandidhuvul from the nation rights. I have a red one of her pieces in a long time. I have a good decision here in the rest of the year. I'll tell you that. Two weeks that bring Chris more back to do a sports show in midday. Chris in the booster. That's right. Boosters, Chris. Chris and Joseph Gackie. Now we're talking. Joseph Gackie. So, okay. Okay. I missed Joseph Gackie. Let's hear him doing some of them hurricane games. You missed him? Now let's see, who's going to be on this weekend? I heard they've planned hurricanes and they can't have another pass. You know, it can't keep hiding forever like our sales manager. Who are they playing this week? Playing Houston. But I thought the dolphins are playing Houston. That's right. What a coin can can. You mean to say that both of the teams have played little girls teams? That's right. Get out of here. Hey, listen for the hurricanes. Hey, I've never seen anything could be dangerous. But I get it. Now, once the BCC game, last game of the year. Yeah. And that follows the Miami-Dade game. And they actually are playing FIU. The fact that they're playing FIU in football. You know, it's so unbelievable. It's just. And whether they, how can they get away with this crap? You know, everybody takes it like so seriously. And let's look at their ratings and who's that? How can you look at rankings when half of these teams play little girls. Teams have at the time. And then they lose. At least they don't choke up a big lead like the Spartans there. We don't know care about that. Michigan State. I haven't been telling that for years. It's always a good excuse. We don't care about it. And it goes to you. The devil, I missed your bush by continuing. Don't start with that sports stuff. Now, in by the way, you better start looking at mirror and start thinking about Chris Sims and what are really Montreal guys played a rest of that game without a spleen. But a spleen all is spleen is spleen up. Just like Nick and I've board Shestie for the least years ago. Got his spleen punctured during a hockey game. Finish the game game. How do you like that? Little little live or shestie came up to George's knee. Can I read this article or one? Please. Well, we need to talk a lot more about sports. You were saying that this morning. Well, actually, what you were saying this morning that we really need to discuss on the It was it was it was it's just so perfect about your early days and not an Apple building but an original for the first week with this. If the audience could just relate to it could just just understand. And it would be like if you woke up on a new inside area and everybody can You know, sure. We don't speak your language. We speak sports. Anyway, Katrina Vanden who will live in this to Bush. Love him. Hey, them fear him. We review him. Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez is an elected world leader who is very Criticism of US foreign policy. Can't simply be ignored or ridiculed. Maybe Chavez did himself as larger alternative agenda in his country and to service, treating the UN podium as they set up his weekly TV show at home. He's the devilish Mr. Bush roof and obviously allegorical one of he asked me to deliver with an act of dramatic flare and a good deal of humor, risked rounding out other important messages he did deliver. For example, how many know they laid out an innovative 4.0 program to renew and reform the UN and spoke eloquently about how and why this era is giving birth to a heart. For sure, the speech was far from a model of diplomatic rhetoric, but that didn't seem to bother the scores of experience. They'll get diplomats in the hall who greeted Chavez as speech with wild applause when Bush spoke the Navy for the general assembly's hall sounded like a morgue. Then reaction as an incisive Washington post article points out shows that Chavez's words were a harsh and many ways, merely expressed in voter terms for a number of other world leaders informed diplomats believe. Moreover to be fair, how much diplomatic tactics Chavez owed to a president who is a administration supported a cool against him. Instead of trying to understand why Chavez said what he did and how it played in Latin American other parts of the world, or reporting that he also said it in the last week, then he welcomed an improved relationship with the next administration. Most of the U.S. media was quick to attack the Venezuelan president for his incendiary words. Few bothered to ask why Chavez's excruciation of Bush might increase his popularity with UN member states, and voters campaigned to win a non-permanent seat on the security council as October. The media's response isn't surprising. What surprises me, however, is that minority leader Nancy Pelosi felt compelled to go on record denouncing Chavez's words. Pelosi, someone I usually respect because I think she's been an effective leader and is effectively handled ridiculous and tasteless DOP attacks said that Chavez fancies himself a modern-day semen on Boulevard, but all he is is an everyday thug. This bad sound bite of an attack certainly seems to be distracting for more important issues that Democrats are being engaging in fighting for, which is 44 days before election day. And if Pelosi felt it was so important to say something, weren't there more effective ways of putting Chavez's criticism to the context. Maybe talk about how unfortunate it is that Bush's policies have fueled unprecedented in the Americanism abroad, and such vitriolic rhetoric from four leaders. Maybe talk about why these are times when we need effective diplomacy in dialogue with countries like Venezuela not name calling. Some Democrats are Senator Tom Harkin better right. Harkin said that while he believed Chavez's remarks were incendiary, he can understand the frustration and anger of certain people because of George Bush's policies. Seems like common sense to me. Says you're girlfriend Katrina and after Hurricane either. You go girl. Yeah, you go Katrina. By Campa Libye didn't watch all that, the emotion and the up-for-meary nor-leans I've started with super-dom. And all those new lights, those key lights, they got in there man, look like something out of nasi germany. Unbelievable. Of course, in the meantime, all those four bastards who are homes are like in tatters and stuff. Why do I keep going through that? Because it's so typical, man. So typical. You think they'd let them in the game like for free or something. You know what I mean? Hey, you're out of line, Mr. And if I were you, I'd be donating your spleen to Chris Sims right now. I'd be on the phone. What? What? You're the- I'd be, I would call up FedEx right now. I'm telling you, I want to put your spleen in a package and send it to Chris right now. Or just send it to Chris Jones. Maybe that's not the body part he's missing. What body, what I never mind? Go on, I don't want to get you involved in the middle of it. Okay, so you always drag you when you're the one who gets taken into Bingdong school and then the Greg we take you in there and has, oh, what was that all about that time, remember that? What's time? No, no, not which time, that time that you were like, oh, that was the time that he called me here. Congratulations on the book, Great Book Neal. And by the way, I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez. That time, oh, that was the end position. The Greg Reid inquisition. Wow, what a joke. So anyway, the first day that you were working for the first week. And George discovered that these people speak language. Not a radio. A lot of broadcasting, they speak the language of ball games and gambling. Remember all those guys that the Hank you said all those underlings there, including two gods. Some of those guys who are across the street now, like a little Stu gods, he was one of the portages. They all, they all had, you know, Hank's book, he's full number and he were on their plunge and their guts out. Donnie B. Remember Donnie B. But it was a pleasant guy. Wow. Only Donnie B. All are his Donnie Brasco. Oh, there was his problem. And then there was a course adjacent blocks by the whatever's name was. Yeah, let's move back about his claim to fame. We can't talk about that on the year. No, so we can't help you. You can't help me in off the air again. Well, let me just put it, okay. Well, in fact, you know something I can be a musical hints. No, you know what it is. You'll change. Yeah, it was a shape of a jay. Yeah, one of those little brownie cameras if I can use that expression. Yeah. And George, George will fill you with on the game. I'm good. I got you. Yeah, okay. So best talent for this is for your Rogers Sports Radio 560. Oh, yeah. Don't lunch. Will you go to lunch? No. I won't. Okay. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. What about that movie? That's hard. The new movie. No, no, no, no. The old, the reason Garb's movie for the leads are we. All I need is a lead. Closing isn't always easy. Especially if you're only given the old leads. What if with one phone call, you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the Catalac board. Get the chalk. Hey, get the chalk. Put me on the Catalac board. It's not too good to be true. It's the Glen Gary leads. The leading provider of good leaves on Tinkarge with gold ribbon wrapped around them. Not the ones on the blue cards you're used to trying to close on. Do you hear me? You've sided. No matter what kind of property you're trying to close on. Glen Gary has the leads you need. These are the new leads. And you don't get them unless you call now. 1-800-B. Glen Gary leads. They're the closest. That's 1-800-B. Get a worth. That's 1-800-B. Have you made your decision for Christ? Call Glen Gary leads now. And you'll receive $6,000. And 1-800-B. That's 1-800-B. Close. That was an I bet at the beginning when we were trying to say was. It was a lunch, George. But I had to talk about it. Well, you go to lunch. Okay. Because you can't try to smoke it. Let's say here's a facts from Bruce as St. Gergretcher was usual. No problem. We're not talking about sports, but we're doing the best we can. Okay. Under very difficult circumstances. Working with a bunch of people is speak some foreign languages that we don't understand. But a little bit like that. Now let's see. This says Iran is definitely on the Neoconsidium. I work with a person who says it's a surgeon in the army. Last June his son was told he would redeploy to Iran in November. The American people are asleep and are elected officials are MIA, baby, missing in action, to which we ask only that one question. Have you made your decision for Christ? I think that's the October November surprise that Carl Roe was the promising all of his congressional Republicans. It's the Iran attack. And if you think Iraq is a lot of funny things, you know nothing yet. There's 70 million people in Iraq and Iran rather than there are the, there's so fanatical man in the, make the Iraqis look like Sunday school. The insurgents look like Sunday school kids, which some of more. In fact, maybe that was the problem, too much Sunday school. 13, every 72 votes on that poll, maybe. Lyndon Johnson still in last place. That is just, they don't know from him. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? The office, the M168. The old people in the audience are dying every day. He left office in 68 that 38 years ago. I mean, if you were like 15, you'd be 53 now you're right. Well, how about Robert E. Lee? How much did they know about him? Did they know him? How about Eve Lincoln? Our first Jewish president. Did they know him? Who? So don't forget, I knew him. Can we be treated a lot of truth? Well, in fact, go back there on Friday before you leave. And five were very certain as disc is. And stick up like a brief, like, you know, bacon cheeseburgers and his dish. I'm going to do them. I'm going to get the bacon from how he's going to smear the grease. I'm going to. I said, smear it. The tea bag is keyboard with bacon. Smear it on his desk. Smear it on the bulletin. More Irish. Smear it on his. That's right. For Aberloff, lawmaker, Slider, teen sex slave. This story is so disgusting. A Texas congressman is denying charges. Slider, they foreign sex slave. It's a behest of Jack Aberloff. But documents obtained by TPM McRaker, contacted the Republicans claims. That's TPM McRaker.com is the website. In November, 1997, representative Ralph Hall Republican in Texas, publicly questioned the credibility of a teenage girl's claims that she'd been the victim of the sex trade in Northern Marianne Islands. These statement was representative Hall Enderley congressional recorders from Paradise Jack Aberloff, the lobbyist for the islands. She wanted to do new dancing all the same in set of the 15 year old girl. She had earlier told federal investigators she'd been forced to work for a local nightclub in nightly, lively live sex show. Press accounts of the time detail of how the girl had been taken from her parents in the Philippines and forced to perform sex acts on stage and before video cameras at a Northern Marianne sex club, a 98 department of labor report confirmed those reports. Hall's challenger in Texas's fourth is the history of Professor Glenn Millan Son has made the episode a campaign issue. Melan Son, whatever his name is. Melan Khan, not a colon. No. When investigators discovered child prostitutes and forced abortions in the Marianne Islands, Congressman Ralph Hall was paid for covering it up and publicly attacking one of the great children reads postcards as campaign issued by the voters. Hall was called the Charging Outride Live, but his office did not respond to our request for a comment in this story. Records show that able to all staff contact at Hall's office 15 times and in two months leading up to a statement in the congressional record. Hall is also denied being paid for making the statement, but all they enough has revealed that Tom Belagey from Monday, 10 years ago earned the district's local newspaper The Harold Banner. And it goes on, but this one did this and that one did that. And the poor girl, she got the, she was taken away from her parents in the Philippines at the age of 15 to work at the nightclub in the Northern Marianne. Once there she was forced to sell rings, dance naked and perform video tapes, sex acts on stage with the customers. She was eventually given a sound and Hawaii where she was today. You know, nothing like those good moral Republicans man. Totally, they're all crooks. I don't mind you being a crook, but don't lie about it. Just like what's his name, George Allen. You know, we don't care if you're racist right. And that's just quite lying about it. That's all. You macaca. God, what a Yahoo. Just a drooling Yahoo man. Yeah. There's one thing that I want to impart with you people don't ever. This may sound like a little bit of a narrow mind of this on my part to bed. So good general piece of advice. Don't ever trust anybody who speaks with a real heavy sub-end role. You know what I mean, y'all? But maybe draw. Little bit of a sub-nation, not too bad. When he speaks with a real heavy sub-end role, Wrong for the hell's baby, and then you find a rest of their kin. Right up there in Aintree. Eh? Ha ha ha ha. So 1382. Do you know that what thousand name? How uh, what thousand name? Poor brok. Oh. They made a movie a horrible, uh, supposed to be, like a rip off of a deliverance. When he's a four buddies go out with thousand name and that thing. Do a Google housework. He's a great actor. But a horrible movie. And then I'd like to see which one was first. It would seem to me that this must, it had to be a rip off of deliverance. Please tell me it was. You know, can I have a movie? No. Are you Googling the hell homework or not? Yes. I could have done this like 20 minutes ago. God is that thing slow. And I keep, I don't see internet connections. Not the computer is the internet connection. You keep telling me that. Only made a million movies. What? Hell homework? Do I have to look this up? 70 something. 110 movies. Ooh. That's all I got to narrow it down from. I'm good in writing. I'm not having a real book. Look at that. I wrote on that. I was in her case. You go down in the woods. You said they're doing this guy. For every bad, that's a boss. We've got that for the big cops today. That's me. He wasn't hurty. He said that. Well, I wasn't hurty. He said this is short name. Hell's homework. It wasn't all the presents. Let me do the shit it was going to. I'm D.B. Why the hell did I just put on it? No. Well, I know I just got out of it. I exit. Hell's homework. For 1925, got to see you. He's still alive too, by the way. He's 83. Let's see. The name of the movie was, I don't know. He's a much too recent. Not hush. Not the my own country. Not even God. Not hurty leads. The firm now way way before that. They won. Flex lives now. Under siege now. Rich holes. Yes. Really? Where you see in that number eight over. What did I tell you? 77. That was what I told you. Some said strip rituals. Now what was the year for? Delivering. 72. 73. I was reading the descriptors. I said like deliverance. That's both of the very thin veneer. Civilization. 5.3. Give it more. I've said I'd take about 2.5. He's a garbage. You had 72. Deliverance. Yeah. See it's older. This is five years later. A really bad bad. And here's a review. Powerful surreal and disturbing. Right. The stirmed my ass. I'll go get a stick. Good. God. Are there any other reviews on this? Who is that? No. Creepy is going. Well, maybe it is good. I don't know. It's like a really, really bad. And it's really shot dark. You know, like you can, oh, I hate that. Real dark. Like you can't see anything like it's underwater. Darker than OG on the cover time magazine. Really, I can't see it. I'm saying real dark. A real dank. And like a real bad roof off of Dolbert's. But you know, if they see it's great, I guess you'll have to go out and buy from. All right. 26 after one. We got the mad dog. It's two today talking about that. No, all the beans. Game last night. There's a lot to say about that. Game in there. Not. So this is. We are not. This is real Roger's. Forch video. Why is it like a mission? What. Um. Blow too much. You're in trouble. It's the terror is one. Oh my god. So as you drive on into the world. Be in this. The way is. Be in this. The white house says what all the food now. Here in the issue. I named mine. Strike a neck. Yeah. We're nervous. Because of all of the stress. From stress. We better watch out. He used the word. I'm feeling weird. It's a terrorist for an hour. Yeah. The government says he's prepared. And I'm seeing. Listen, I'm in. But when now? No. The city's president. Yeah. Think there are hopes they can give me a stroke. I think that time just will ignore it. Yeah. Enjoy the ride. I can't get back. I can't get back. I can't get back. I can't get back. Oh, what about just to see in the details before I'm Iraq? The one that's here. I've been afraid to see. All of it. Just to take things out of context. It's going to be posted on the web at www.dni.gov. I. The NI.gov. I'm going to check it out during the next break. Meantime. And he says, Spicious. Bag. I see. Who knows? Sir. Compton. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation. The evacuation.iliarize. I. Call me. Soon. Com Point. The safe. And then. Copy. Now. Your home. Roger. Got the interview? We get starting. body  I can't find it. Maybe they had it. What? Maybe they didn't ready yet. Maybe they couldn't find it. That was just on CNN. They wouldn't lie to us. They put up a bonus. I read it. I got my nose read up for the screen. They're going to make sure I had the right website. Did you try to find it? No. Where do you want? Don't waste your time. I'll try to get into the next break. And then I'll try to middle the break after that. Because I got 85 units in it. The planet's temperature. It's temperature. And now you understand there's no such thing as global warming. It says liberal propaganda. That's right. Under that. The planet's temperature is climb to levels. Not seen in thousands of years. Warming that is begun to affect plants and animals. Researchers report today's issue of the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The Earth has been warming at a rate of .36 degree Fahrenheit per decade for the last 30 years. Not third man. Put a research team led by James Hanson of NASA's Gotter Institute for Space Studies in New York. That brings the overall temperature to the warmest and the current interglacial period, which began about 12,000 years ago. Once again, there we go. There's a conflict between science and religion. 12,000 years ago, my ass. Because we know the Lord invented the universe and the whole of the whole business 5,600 years ago. Right? Absolutely. In the year 25, 25, with Zagre and Evans. Researchers noted that a report in the journal nature found that 1700 plant animal and insect species moved forward and never graduated about 4 miles per decade last half of the 20th century. They moved forward. The warming has been stronger in the far north where melting ice and snow expose dark or lane in rock spanete allowing warm for the sun to be absorbed and more land over the water. More over land than water. What are you saying? I don't know. It's a large amount. Water changes temperature more slow than land because of its great capacity to hold heat. But the researchers are that the warming has been marked in the Indian and Western Pacific Ocean. These are the major effects on climate warming that could lead to more elinear episodes affecting the West. Elinear. Oh. The child. Are you sure? I'm sure I had the doctor, Neil Frank. I should remember those boring days back in the... No. And I and Z. And it was talking about elinear. Of course, he's a good boy and Christian. Good guy, but he's got that religious problem. You know. Remember Neil Frank? No. From the National Hurricane Center? Oh, that Neil Frank. What is your first cut that went to Houston? Yes. To do it to be a TV of 1400 votes. 14 every delightful. I'm surprised we have an anacolia from very jackass, a graduated son, giving high marks to an E.D. Marker, whatever her name was, they were in the law. I'm 1400. Carl Foster, but an is foster. There's another one of these 75 incarnations of sports stations that have been on the Air and West to 24. Oh yeah. There's the fan and the fan junior and the ticket and the ticket and the, you know, oh brother. It was amazing. And like Great Perry said, if we only had 4,000 in the sports stock stations, they'd bring a lot more people to sports. Wouldn't it? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. I know what I think about that. I screwed. Deep pressing. Okay. This is what we're surrounded by man. I know. We're surrounded by this and Joe Bellers. He's just hand them the keys to the kingdom. Said, here you go. Carl, since all years, saw years, just handed over to a bunch of lunatics. So, a bunch of little children, man. Little overgrown children. Robert Greeper. I hope that what's your name, man? What tells your name? The King from across the street. The spy. I mean, that was in Alicine. I sure hope she puts those vastives in her place. Just stick it to Alicine. Get out of the whip. The beast and Robert Greeper. Line up against the volume of about 80 lashes, man. Unbelievable. And why do you write it? Stick parents in the middle. Of course he's used to that. Wouldn't be the first time. Pivot man. Americans look for political manipulation. His gasoline prices plunge. No. You mean they're not full on you? There is no mystery or manipulation behind the recent fall in gas prices. And gas prices aimless. Say, try talking that to many motorists. Right. Do we believe it? No. Almost half Americans believe the plunge of the pump has more to do with politics and the November Elections than economics. Retired farmer. This is an USA today. Retired farmer. Jim Moore. Of Lexington. Illinois. Radel off a tank for the reasons why pump prices may be falling. Including the end of the summer travel season. And the fact that no major hurricanes have disrupted the Gulf of Mexico Output. But I think the big reason, importantly, is that Republicans want to get elected more 66. So, while filling up for 2017 a gallon, they think getting the prices down is going to help get some more incumbents re-elected. Well, surprise. According to a new Gallup poll, 42% of respondents agreed with the statement that the Bush administration deliberately manipulated the price of gas alone. So, would be increased before this fall selection. 53% of those survey did not believe the conspiracy theory and five percent said, but the more times they came on. Not surprising. Almost two thirds of those systems, despite Bush intervening down energy prices before the average of Democrats. The acceptance and suspicion among US motorists follows a post-semit decline in gas prices that even veteran analysts and gas designers can see there has been steeper than usual. And those ragheads over there are good friends, the mullers and abolers and the Chakyabudis, the over there, and they just, it's like, puppets out of string, baby, the way they got the whole world dancing, you know? That's the way they do it. That's why they wear those horns on those schmothes. The corner of the abraus, you know? Those devil horns? That's the whole of the strings. Yeah. So, actually, he should have picked an on Bush. Shall we pick that on Mullah Bullah, what a bandar bush. Maybe that's what we were talking about, El-Ambal. He's got those devil horns, baby. Haven't you seen the Saudis, Haki-Pah? I don't even know that. If you look at those outfits a little bit closer, man. Well, don't argue, so I might have devil horns. No. Only on Simkhaustura. Fourteen hundred and two votes in El-Binj, fine. Look at that. He's tied for last one, though. It's a god-free. Are the who? Come on, you know Arthur, God. I know the road, Loki. And you know what? Thanks to Bocaburn, remember that's really boring, dude. I know Rosa. Let us see. You're copy of the Antonio Maven? The what? That disc of the great moments from TV or something. Only because they saw that, do I know who Arthur God-free is? Well, obviously, you know, you're not missing nothing. How why? Yeah, how why? Oh, brutal. Even the cornfields in Iowa had nothing on him. I'll tell you that, Arthur God-free. He was a one in the bouddent. Thank God. There's a man with a little tiny bit of talent to get a long way. I'll say that, bro. Kind of like Dave Garaway, early days of TV, man. That was the time to get on the ground floor. Now it's like in sports case, do you mean you could have a lot of talent? You weren't kind of a Chinaman's chance to nail. It goes all these illiterate jobs to get all the jobs. All these in our particular dumb jocks have got the jobs. In fact, you'll be hearing a lot of my nestation for a next several months. 145 votes, who has this dream been the most kind to Ronnie Reagan, 637, Abelink and 147, the pilgrims, 142, a Henry Aldrich and Priscilla Dugod. Joe Kennedy, 95, I hate this pool 92, 6.5%. Full of hate. Robert E. Lee, 55, Henry Ford, 52, Charlie Lindberg, 46, Harry Truman, 40, Pope Pies, the 1237. Henry Kissinger, 24, slime ball, butcher, murderer, Lyndon Johnson, bigger butcher, bigger murderer, bigger liar if that's possible 19 and Arthur Gottfried, 19. How much a Julius La Rosa would be pretty happy to see that? The biggest name of the best talent to the beast is wheel rotchers, 420560, 18 and. This is one of his fans with Donald Al, Abel, Donald Al Jackson, and today we're going to spell the word for European. And, spell it with a noun, European. You are O, T, E, A, that's the big one. Now, this, you do it in a sentence. So, I say it's a guy, I say it's hey, get away from my car. European, on the time, this is the good one in the spell with Donald Al. Abel, Donald Al Jackson. Okay, so now, website's operative now. Let's, I think, just put that thing up there. The office of the director of National Intelligence, John Negro Pante, the butcher of the Honduras, the Nazi-Eating Mary at about this, but it'll be on there today, man. The, if full, I'm sure, very, expregated crap. The intelligence report on Iraq. After the through of brushing it and scrubbing it, cleaning it, squeezing it, brushing it, brushing it, brushing it, brushing it, right. That's a new pull up there. I'm not going to read until tomorrow though. We got the brand new one up there. I was just in the supermarket. Is it working?