All the crap you can unwrap, all is slime all the time. I'm not my way to the car when I'm holding this, I give a quick hand over to the car. The door is a fucking cow. The door is a fucking cow. The door is a fucking cow. The door is a fucking cow. The door is a fucking cow. The door is a fucking cow. I said the door is a fucking cow. Why you fuck? I got a whole new spoiled old fool. I know everything that's going on in that room. Why I even know all the new mad dog rules. I'm getting to the giant daddy old fool. You should have a door, I'm not gonna lie. You should have a door, I'm not gonna lie. I know I ain't no way to play with me. But when they drop high boys, we'll change. You're a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. I'm a little smoothy. Ten dollars to let five to sixty WQAM. Happy Thursday, August 24, man. It's just flying by. It's almost over. Good. And, you know, that rumor that you were talking about on Tuesday? Yes. Josh is a river. About that place across the street. Tired Kingdom. But you know, it's just dawned on me that... I mean, it didn't just dawn on me. But it just keeps it up bugging me. The fact that that rumor was started by people inside that place. Yeah. That was from over there. So the fact that they're... They got to clean up their own house before they start giving us a son of a dance. You're a people who got loose, loose, baby. loose, loose. Lips. And there's nothing worse than a river. I have to lie for that. But I know. I'm eating. That's what I was thinking about. That's what I was struggling about. And you just keep it to yourself. Okay? It's nothing. Baguette. Round baguette. Here's probably the most important story. If you're going to get about the warries. Forget about John Carr. Here's the most important story that I've come across. And ages. Johnette Pennsylvania. And the first word is just one word. It says, Meow. But if your church has been asked to decide whether Meow is a harmless toddler grounds for misdemeanor harassment. Johnette police. That's Johnette Pennsylvania charged a 14 year old boy for Meow. And whenever he sees his neighbor, 78 year old Alexander Carrassia. Where's that Carrassia? The boy's family in Carrassia did not get along. The boy's mother said the family got rid of their cat. After Carrassia complained to police that it used to her flower garden as a litter box. The boy testified this way that he only met out of the woman twice. Carrassia testified every time he sees me. Meow. The boy's defensive attorney David Martin Jr. argued that the church should be dismissed. I wonder if he's kind to rape Fisher Jr. Potit should never have been filed. Martin said, this is not something that police should be wasting their time with away from the court's time. Tonight, the district judge Joseph the marches decided to wait 90 days before ruling. Why is going to give a lot of talk to this? He said his decision will be based on the boy and his neighbor having a lot of the meantime. Well, they can catch up their meat. Yeah, exactly. There you go. Go to it. You're going to mind up in court on the people's court. Order his proper of a storm. Debbie. Let's call Debbie and see how that storm's coming. What's this? This is Debbie. I love it. I didn't know he had her number. Everybody. Every time I see. Well, that thing is going no way away. He's proper of storm. Debbie. I'm not saying, okay. Here's a story that should be a thing. But, of course, the public are used to people being butchered up because that's just the way the world is. You know, it's a violent horrible, unjust place. Two US soldiers. In fact, before I even do this, let me give the one quote. Because I don't want to talk too much about those two videos that I watched with Noom Chomsky. Okay. I'm serious. Because most of the people in the audience would know noom Chomsky from Noo and the Ark. No, no, is Ark Hardwarester. But anyway, he had a great line and it's true. He has a lot of great lines. In fact, George is doing a few of them right now. But the line was in the one of the best ways to stop terrorism is to stop participating in it. Which I thought he was. That's so illegal. And then of course, we have an undocumented, we have an undocumented, we have an undocumented, we have an undocumented, we have an undocumented. But you saw that movie. Why we fight shirts. And then you'll see the trial's a Henry Kissinger, which arrived yesterday, I guess. Right. And you put two and four together. Then you'll, it'll all pay the number. Speaking of two two US soldiers were killed south of Baghdad today. While the series of attacks across the country left at least 11 Rockies did and the several more wounded. One more US soldier was killed yesterday during a raid the capture for terrorists. So we're on terror. Like the war on honesty, the war on integrity, the war on anything. How can they have a war on an idea? Watch. We're on a plan by dropping lots of bombs. We're on evil. Yeah. The war on a concept. Man, you got to hand it to Carl Roe, and he's loaded to his man. Make sure to settle some real heavy duty crap. And the public just loves it, man. It'll laugh it up. Gus and bad news celebrity death. Rock drummer Bruce Yeri. Where is he? I wonder if that's boy Gary. I'm happy you've shamed if he croaked. I bet you're a hankler. Do a Kizanski right there for you right in the parking lot. He won't bite everybody his time. He's going there to pee pee park right up the street. It might be his drumming right here. You said poor Yeri? Yeah. That's a medley of the smash. If he let me do the article. Come to find out. Rock drummer Bruce Gary, who worked with George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Steven stills. But his best known as the next original drummer on my, Sherona, has died. He was 54. 54. Gary died Tuesday at Tarzan Medical Center. Said, Guy McKean, publicist for the next lead singer Doug Figer. Cause it definitely wasn't as close. He was an integral part of our sound. Not to mention a great drummer. Figer said in the statement. In addition to the neck, Gary, three decade careers. A drummer and producer included a work with a who's who are performers. Besides Harrison, Dylan and stills. He recorded with creams Jack Bruce, Rob Stewart, Sheryl Crow. That mid-Lir, Yoko Ono. Harry Nilsson and the Doris guitarist, Rob McKeager, according to the website. Gary also worked with Bluesmaster, Albert Collins, Albert King and John Lee Hooker. He also worked with former Eagles member, Randy, Randy, Myesner and Spencer Davis. He also co-produced a series of posthumous releases from Timmy Hendrix, including the Blues compilation. He also produced a CD of drum samples, Bruce Gray, Gary's drum vocabulary. The drum loops are popular in professional home recording studios, but they can be added to any song. Very more popular than fruit loops. On August 3, oh, that's the story we were talking about. Five year underwent successful brain surgery. The two brain tumors were moved during operations at Cedar's Sinemetical Center. He's now recovering in home. He's just fine. All we're fine. The neck was formed in 1978 and a year later at Hidden Big with My, Sherona. The group stayed by you album, Get the neck, sold six million copies. That is scary. Followed by a second album, but the little girls understand. I think John Carlack, that one little girl's understand, which sold two million. That is amazing. All these people were too much discretionary. You can't even imagine if you asked me. That's the problem with that. Why also would they be buying the neck? Hey, get the neck. Maybe they were good. Oh, that's a good song. What was the other one? Good girls don't know. We had a band. Based on that. Do we have that? It's called Girls Don't Fart is our bit. Oh yeah, I know. Oh, well, we can't play that. I don't think there are any fart sounds that it. There aren't. There are no fart sounds, there is. There's no fart sounds, there is. There's no fart sounds, there is. There's no fart sounds, there is. There's no fart sounds, there is. There's no fart sounds, there is. There's no fart sounds, there is. Yeah, I think there might be. I'm not really sure, I'm not really clear. Anyway, here's George's pull from me. And so they want to make the least sense. 867 votes on his pull. What makes the least sense? Can you just see no one chance he's speaking at FIU? No. Not. It's the University of Miami. Professor, no one chance he will be speaking this evening at the University of Miami at the athletic department. Yeah, yeah. What makes the least sense? Braille on the draw drive through the ATM, 2013. Well, let me ask you something, suppose you were driving a blind person through, right? Yeah. And they had a withdraw something. Yeah, what are they going to do? We chow for your lap. You're going to pull through their backwards? No, actually, what you do is you asked him for the pin. Oh, yeah, I'm going to go to the car and ask him to pin any hall. Hey, boy, Mike. 213 people said the Braille on the drive through the ATM. Now, they actually had Braille on the ATM at the drive through? Yes, they didn't get out of here. A lot. I'd joist you not. Well, that's the point now, isn't it? Yeah, that's true. Stupid, stupid things. Stupid people, they're stupid things. They're all made in a factory. Vombing for peace, 185. We're also about that, Mr. I'm going to say right now. We're going to bomb their ass into democracy with a day like it or not. But they wanted it or not. We're going to bomb and bomb until we can't bomb no mole. By the way, it's really helicopters. It's like an axiom, or I'm because it's very, is we're going to let's make any helicopters all make in America. Bush administration's foreign policy immunity to invite shouldn't have said that because on our survey today our survey says, which is not really a pull us of survey. Middle East, we already got somebody listening to the Middle East. I sure hope I didn't know it crazy is really. All let's see, where are we? Maybe at some one of them schmatterheads in Saudi Arabia, you think? Could be? Well, I think they were going to get to our next and tell you that right now, OK, you Saudis. Don't get smuggled and fat, OK, because we're going to come and get your ass next. Remember last time Prince Abdullah came here and Bush must have told him, I get lost. Tax off waste. Ted Tucson, Derfskin people, 67, you know, A&E man, what a sad situation that is. They've got, not only they got ink, but they got the other guy. What's his name, the illusionist? Which one? Chris? Chris? Angel. They're angel, yeah. He's down for like 75 hours on Wednesday night. He was on last night. Not that I watched it, but I saw it on the guide. I had noticed. This is the same network that gives you like investigative reports and biography shows. And they give you like a dog the bounty hunter, English with a bunch of grotesque tattooed and now Chris, whatever his name is, Angel, Jo Angel. Not an alcoholic beer 60, what's the point? What does the point of the taste? Yeah. That's why people bring beer for the taste, right? The electoral college, 54. Oh, that's for damn sure. That should have been right up there on the top. It was a late edition. The third grade's flyover 33. Softcore porn has got... But third man. Marriage 29. And a one-topic radio station 14. That's what I voted for. Thanks to this show. We don't have that. Although, across the street, they got that. It's all sports over there at the Giffy Louvre. Yes. Is that what it is? It's a tire kingdom. No, it's terrible. Those rumors are you people inside stew gods in all the other. I think it was probably Zach Krance in his pants. He's probably the one who would have been talking to the big... Oh, you think? That's right. Who it is? Who the mole is over there? Send Greg Weed over there. He was always looking for the mole. Come to find out. It was right there on his... Zach Krance. That's right. But nevertheless, big, big gigantic ugly one. Well, against his and they're sure they're not a poll today. It's just a survey. And I think we might get a thousand of people check him before the two of us. We got 7... Well, 765 already. Piece of cake, baby. Piece of cake like roll off a log. Like guilty, as squeaking his way through the phone clock. This is Neil Rogers. This is 566. Who's gonna get Ricky a poll? Let's test a number one. What is your name, Lee? My name is John Markov. And I'm a male. Let's test a number two. My name is John Markov. And I killed John the Bayramding. Let's test a number three. My name is John Markov. And I killed John the Bayramding. One of these men killed John the Bayramsing. The other two are investors. By done who the real John Markov is. Which we all play to play the truth. I'm a big John. Come on, roll off. I've also bought this thing with an old Larry cake. Pretty crawl thing. And Mr. Dick Clark. And now, as head of your ministry of truth, let's begin to play with the truth. Miss crawl's me. Yes, Mr. King. Contestant number two. That was ten years ago. Was it not? Yes. Did you then do you now? I've changed forward 20. Yes I do. Yes. It's 25. 10 is good. Thank you. Mr. Dick Clark. And now, the real girl of John the Bayramding. Please, damn that. Oh, we're sorry, ladies and gentlemen. Have I not returned? No. Please, please, please. Stay tuned for more things as we, a lot of you. The only stress to know. 10, 19 at five, 60, WQA. Let's see that lineup for today. And of course today in tomorrow. This is just the aligned down of Greg Reed's nightmare of his living nightmare. They left the legacy that he left in our behind man. Because starting next Monday, August to 28, It's going to be a brand new deal, baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Aren't you excited? I am thrilled, like you don't even know. And now that I officially gave up on going back to my gut side of woodbind as it is today, I finally got the last, oh, brother. No more for this kid ever again. Fool, don't get started, Josh. Don't get left of beast talking to them. Slot machines man. Then when our bandits. I know you'll be back there. Like a waste of time. I will not be back. I will not be participating. I've heard of a bunch of, yeah. I've never had any race. Next Monday, October 28th. What is it? This December, whatever it is. And we got the Kenny and Bow in a morning. The Kenny and Bow show. No more crow and no more mobile. We got Kenny and Bow. What do you know? And of course, that's what we're told by Joe. Joe Mama. And what's that going to be all about? What are they going to be doing in the morning? I asked George this before we said it's going to be an amusing sports show. And I said, oh, yeah. What's it going to be? Do we know you thought it was kidding? Oh, don't tell me it's going to be another sports show. Of course. I don't know what Kenny Walker was from why 100 Kenny and Fuddy didn't. I never heard Kenny on a year. I don't think, but they didn't do a sports show. I'm going to be a sports show. Or show. Nobody wants to hear another stupid ass sports show for. Oh, that's where you're wrong, Mr. 800 votes even. And the bulletin on votes. They're like, uh, tallies. Great. On today's survey. Not a poll today. It's a survey. And I was kind of curious about this. I think it's mildly interesting. I mean, I feel like earthshaking or shadowing. Certainly, that's interesting as Lionel there in MSNBC. What I'm saying simply is, no, who's that other guy on there? At dark and plump of guy. Okay, here's the deal. Where are you usually when you listen to the watcher show either on the ear or of course on the internet, the most interesting part. Leading the way is, Wow, what? 246 say they're in Broward when they listen. 170 even day. That's almost even Stephen. Hmm. We're always being brainwashed and believing that the overwhelming majority of our audiences in, Wow, what? I guess what? Now, of course, some of those people in day they may be working day, but they live in Broward, like you for example. Both of you. Or by Versa, I would imagine. Meaning what? But there appear a lot of live in day where no Broward and we can just got it to happen. Oh, no. You think they like they have a visa to get across the border and they let our, call the sun pass. Broward 246, day to 178, Tom Veech, 113, and how do you like that? That is shocking. For the outside of those three counties, 102, outside of the, Tri-County area, 102. USA outside of Florida, 78. In other words, like Wisconsin, Washington, like in Shiboyg, wherever Massachusetts, Vermont, New York, Pennsylvania, etc. Virginia. I don't listen 28. Now, you kind of like chuckle when you saw that this morning. No, you're raising the reason I put that on. There is that there are people who go to our website who either they don't listen because they can't or they're at work or whatever, but they still produce our website. They vote on the poll. They read the stories. Maybe what are all these things? That is true. So they don't get to listen or they don't want to listen. Maybe they just hate the show or their computer doesn't have speakers at that to it or that could, and whole variety of things. So we always like to give people a place to go and especially with our customers. In fact, I gave the call to some place to go down. That is back wherever they've got because I already shut the thing off. I'll give them directions. I don't have any time for that. Talk a ride a day. Hi. Yeah, no way. I don't listen 28. In other space, 22, and speaking to you, you just said it. That's one of it. Out of this world. In other space. Chamba? Oh yeah. 22 said that. I hate this poll only 13. Well, how can you hate it? It's not even a poll. So survey. How can I, but you know, not for me to ask. Remember what I said? What? I'll call him. No, I'm a trashy said. What do you say? The best way to stop terrorism is not participating in it. Well, he just, he's so good at scary. And they'll, you know, it's really scary though. That is he in quarter of a dollar both about a hundred years old and they're going to both be dead pretty soon and then what? Then we go away got left. We start to go, nobody listen in two either one of them. They're going to be so. What do you mean by that? Well, you're watching the lectures, but it means anybody. Well, certainly not with the University of Miami. Let's see. I hate this poll 13. Canada, eight, which means me and seven other Canadian, eight people listening in Canada. Mexico for. How do you like that? See, you're always picking on those poor beeners down there. We got four people listening in Mexico. Right. Yeah. Why you picking on the beeners? You're just a disease. Oh, you're a judge. That's right. I wish that you had a country where people would go and get kidnapped and never be seen again. I wish I had square feet in the moon face. Europe. Europe three. See, you're obsessed with feet. I don't know what it is with you. You're going to put that issue. Always talking about it. You're up three. Asia two. The Middle East one. The Middle East one. Oh, how do you like that? I bet you're in Saudi Arabia. I've been print $5. Listen, right now. Or maybe banned our Bush's listening right now. Or maybe ancored Omar. One of our appointed terrorists in charge over there in Israel. Maybe he's listening. Middle East one. Africa one. Now, you see, I'm not really sure. You better Google it. Google it. I'm not really sure. Listen, I don't feel bad because you're even in two about it. I asked you if Saudi Arabia is considered an Asia or Africa. I think it's part of Asia. I think you might be right. But I'm not sure if it's a real kind of map. Now, certainly Egypt. Hello. Now, wait a minute. What about the Middle East? I don't think it's the kind of a put to not put on. Middle East is not what? It's a region, not a continent. But you've got other areas on there. Middle East one, Africa one. South America one. How do you like that? We got somebody in South America probably in Brazil. No doubt. Australia and Central America. We don't have anybody in Christ's view. It's such a good job of bombing. Nick Haraudwell and Panama and Destroy Most of Central America. Those poor Schloepers can't, they've got no internet. 832 checked in. We'll have that thousand easy by 1130. Wouldn't you say? Or by whatever. I knew. Whatever. So many of the things where we're making a little bit of progress. Of course, progress is a dirty word in George Bush's America. Don't forget, SBTC stands for stupid Bush terrorizers of the Constitution. Or stupid or a simple, then Bush terrorizers of the country. Or all of these. Or of these things. Kushata Tennessee. This is in the Shreeport Times. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not saying it's Louisiana. We're going to get Tennessee from else the same crap. It just flows downstream. This isn't the Shreeport Louisiana Times. Kushata. Kushata. Nine Black children attending Red River Elementary School were directed last week to the back of the bus. The back of the school bus by a white driver who doesn't need the front seats for white children. The situation is outraged relative to the black children who are filed a complaint with school officials. Super intended Kate easily will meet with the family members in her office this morning. She's probably meeting right now. The National Association, the NAACP is also considering filing a formal charge for the US Department of Justice. NAACP district vice president James Panel was Shreeport said he would apprise justice attorneys on the situation this week. He's considering asking for an investigation in the bus incident. And other aspect of the school systems operations, including pupil teacher ratio as it relates to numbers of white and black children along with a breakdown of the numbers of black and white teachers employed to them. If the smoke is there, then there's probably far somewhere else. Penel said it's phone interview from a door leans. We fought that battle 50 years ago when we won. Why is this happening again? I didn't know who's riding in her grave. She just died as a matter of fact. Didn't she? Rose the parks. What if she was kind of bird parks? I always asked that. Nobody ever answered the question. McCarthor parks. I was at it. I sure liked that. That was always a good way to start your morning show. Man with McCarthor park when you had to go and finish with all your bodily functions. You know, it was like seven and a half minutes long. Something like that. It was easy. That or Derek and the dominoes in Leila. How long is that, baby? Did you have a little bit of Saudi Arabia? It's not Asia nor is it Europe so I'm finding where it is. Right and say Europe, I said Africa is certainly not Europe. Saudi Arabia and Europe. You might have started learning your Middle Eastern schmatha hexagraphic Mr. Kosyusheur's not going to know it. Europe my ass. What is those two fox guys? They're still got searched. A lot of these teach them to work at fox. Those propaganda spastures. 27 passed and you know that's a clip that we got on our website from Keith Olderman. The suburb has it on Asian. That's what I told you. Remember what we played in a couple of days in the last week? Yes. I had you play it? Yes. And we put it on our website. The link to it called the next of some politics and power. That went over so big that he and they we played it on his show two nights ago. Good. You played that whole clip about all the lies, the phony terror alerts. Just keep everybody in a total state of panic. The fear factor. It's not a TV show. It's a political philosophy, baby. It's a strategy like the war on terror. 28 after 10 lobster feasts is back. You're Friday through Sunday. The animal coach. The world really is coming to an end. If our Mcgarten is coming soon, you might as well pick out. Right? We've got to lose. I mean. All right. That's a loop. So head for the animal coach. They're in sunrise in pepper pines and also in beautiful sunny hours beach. You'll find over a hundred different items on the menu. So try them all. Start out with similar six gourmet soup. They're sample all of them. Then go for the juicy delicious New York state grilled just to your order. The way you love it. They're Sam Carr, primary of a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad bar and a sea bar. So much food there. You won't even know what a dig into next. And their dessert bar is really great during the weeks, but during the week nights. But on the weekends, the 40 inch chocolate found that the animal coast will make your mouth water. You'll just be handed. But stick it all kinds of amazing, decadent things in their like strawberry's marshmallows. Cheesecake and other great treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect heading to a fantastic feast at the Emerald Coast. To know for you, no MSG headaches when you walk out of this joint because they don't use any MSG or cornstarch or any crap. They use only the best ingredients including cholesterol, fake, and all the coconut oil and all the coconut. So if you want a fabulous feast, just go in there. Go in there when they open the door and just stay there until I kick your whole ass out and the whole family. Bring the family to the Emerald Coast for a real fantastic treat. 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 2 2 is the number for reservations. And don't forget to be Friday through Sunday lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast. 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 3 2 This is meal rotters. This is 5 16 16 18. Think goes in my a Mexican national holiday. On stations are giving away trips to 10 clues. I'm are giving away trips to Mexico, St. What will you bring Mexico to you? That's right. We're giving away Mexican. I'm a live Mexican. I'm a real weak smuggling illegally. The Indians are cost of ordering the wheel well of the station back. Then we hope you want to you. Imagine your own personal Mexican. Watch your car. In your house. In your car. I'm a thing you want because if they don't you'll have them deported. I'm a host of the people. Faith in color. When you hear this guy. And when? On Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible for own Mexicans. Faith in the lost Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. That's a great single-dome. We're your own home. Every day. We're very own Mexican. People must think the week. I'd like that. We got a single baby. I'll think whatever. They are worst all. Five of Mexican they're listening. Right now. Or at least they listen most of the time when they're like a word of they are. In Ichoawa. May you have such hatred for the Mexican. I don't want to say Mexican. Yes. You don't make all these go test area. You, you Julio's man. Can't you get your way together? Why me? The Jews. It's the same thing in the Europe. Same rule goes. We're the Shiites. And we got the Sunnis. And we got the Kurds. And everybody hates the Kurds. And we got the Orthodox and the super Orthodox. Most of the Herredi. Remember that's the herredi. I had about the Herredi. Right. Offering the 20,000 checklists to kill some faggot of the gay pride parade. Really nice. Very nice. I got nothing against the Native Americans at all. Including the American. There you go. Pick it on the Indians again too. If you ask me, I think you're a... I don't pay that anymore. You know, if this audience had any idea of all the don'ts, you know, there's that old thing about you. Look at how good any dudes we just get don'ts. Don't pay this and don't say that. And don't pay enough to open your door because it's a fina. What are you guys? Screw you. We're sitting here with an eight-year on a radio's in men. When a radio station is got like decimal points. And for our most of their numbers. And I'm trying to put the change the whole line up again. And try to resuscitate what Greg read the story. We're sitting here with like gigantic numbers in the middle of a radio's cesspool. And you're going to take instructions from a bitch named Joyce and wouldn't know a radio if you stuck 40 of my product. Yes. Screw you, Joyce. Yamama. And not only that, but I heard that there's a people going out of business March 1st. Anyway, let's see. Survivor plays the race card there. This is the debate they had on it. This morning I mentioned we always get the Amos. Not from the Ohno. They didn't file. It said, let's see. This story isn't the Toronto star. Oh, well, what do they know? The latest twist in reality television is segregation. Oh, hi. See, it's just like that story we had before about the blackheads going to the back of the bus. Let's turn a clock back. Baby, that's what the bush crowd wants to do. Turn it back of the years. Right? If you have 50, but at least. Not turned man. CBS announced details for the upcoming season of Survivor Cook Islands yesterday. Bruno from Miracet in the 14 viewers a mother if they've tumbled through a crack in the space time continuum. Woo. There's not how our deal was talking about the space time continuum. He was before he passed out for the holiday. Continuously. He had this great the contact with nature and birds and all the other cramps. He was so good. What a shame Peter Finch died. You know, that being good told to take somebody. Water shamed that so a blank died. Yeah. So Mel Blanc. Yeah. Mel Blanc died. He did die. Yes, he did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. The two men out of here. They're looking for them. They're looking for them. We have a neck of a talking about dead people on the show. We don't want to hear about anymore old dead celebrity while too bad. And go someplace else. Okay, go to her with a little scare America and listen to their crash. Listen to that elf prank and answer. He's funny. Speaker Jackie Mason, from get over that this top man from the whole mafia is following me wrong. I knew he wasn't trying to kill me so I figured he must be enjoying my act. After he found out that Mason would join in landscape and his friends at their table. He loved the power. I could see he loved the power because when people sat around him, with that moisture full of undefeated faces, he could tell that he knew he was the boss and the accident. I used to say that how much money do you really have? I'm sweaty, my life I keep my marcha. I think it's a wonderful thing. It would laugh for a change to subject that can be a carl to give me a give it to him. I could never find out anything. That's my vote for the new president of Israel. Jackie Mason, what do you say? Sure. I think it's a capital idea. The 20 contestants on Survivor Cook Islands would be divided in the four tribes. There you go right there. We were talking about this before the show today about the tribal rivalries and hatreds and killing and all of these... That's what the world is all about tribes, along ethnic lines. That's right after watching Survivor Plumster all-time lows in the ratings and buzz last season, while he marked Renett Hooks to read Knight Passions with a good old-fashioned race war. Black tribe, white tribe, Latino tribe, Asian tribe, survivors ready to let the social Darwinism begin. What I'm in mancoded with thinking about that. The eyebrows and the raising plan was discussed by two Caucasians yesterday on the early year of last survivor hostess, their probeasts, done surprisingly pointed questions. Well, that's probably one of the reasons it'll be interesting. The controversial sub-protect I know from where I sit. I found it and find it to be one of these precious ideas we've had. It says fresh, what's next? Mirathon tribe versus NPT tribe? Supermobl tribe versus Morboleo beast tribe? Myopic tribe versus 20-20 tribe? I like that one. Myopic? You're op-op. Violepic. Smith said some of his colleagues were owned after hearing survivors flying the race car. Then he realized India was supposed to be a squishy, CBS cross-promotion and courage approached the defend the idea. I think at first glance when he was here at a consomalic as stunt probe said, but that's not what we're doing here. The idea for this actually came from the criticism that survivors not ethnically diverse or perversing up. It says if survivor reading was to repeat, the quote of critics' pro-shoot just to be disemboweled. 80% of all applicants are white. So if you want more diversity on survivor, get more of these marginal people. I mean these minorities survive. And the bottom line is all they need to do is show more flesh. That's what they need and that's what people want. That's right. The only good reality show that was everyone was the RMI hater. Are you hater? You know? It's talking about you. Yeah, it was on ABC and they yanked it. Well, sure they went to the only one. They took it off the year before I had a chance to really do anything. I don't know why because it was a good show. They didn't pretend to be anything else but a flesh but a meat. I told you why. That's what I'm wearing. Why? Why do they take it off? The Renzol Lombus used the laser pointer which ripped off Howard Stern. He threatened to sue when they're for they yanked it. Oh, I know. I'm so glad you mentioned that. Guess who got Howard Stern yesterday. I give up. Gilbert? You know, give me a clue. He's got a white beard and he's an apaxial and he's on CNN before Lou Dodd. Santa Claus. That's the one. Wolf, let's go. Baby got he got a stern yesterday. I got home just in time. I turned on the TV and he's doing a thing of breath listing but he got some broad on a phone who has been said information about John Mark Carr and job today and she's got info that nobody else has got. And she's got and she comes on. She's got some made up name and it's chicken son of a woman wolf is asking her. Well, it's so wonderful having you here in my pedantic way. And let me ask you, what do you know? What can you add to our understanding of John Mark Carr and she starts going on she says, well, and she starts really breathless. You know, like her, like it's a legitimate call. She says, well, the real story is that John told me that he was told by Howard Stern to kill John today. R. Yeah. And if that point, of course, they cut her off and Wolf went on to tell the audience that we just got as they say in the business Howard Stern. And we apologize very much for the audience for getting sucked into that phone. But we thank you very much for your call anyway. He actually said that. We reminded me of Mike Seagull talking about pedantic and Jewish. Just ridiculous. He actually said that. But thank you very much for your crank call on CNN. Worldwide Wolfless Creek. It's Stern. Nice. See, this is one of those situations where I appreciate that Stern had somebody calling and at least Break up the monotony a little bit of the Stern Mark Carr crab. That's the time you're Stern somebody. That's what it is like building, stalling down and people thousands of people dying. That's probably not the most opportunity or intelligent time to be calling him doing a Stern routine. Hey, idiots, you just rules you. Don't have a sense of humor. Now that must be it. I'm just an old funny guy. That's right. Wolf's flower. Wolf's flower. Some other flower like pansy. 1042 at 560WQM. Let me tell you right now, man. There's a lot of schmutz in your carpeting. Even if you're not even the Arabs know that, the dish mutz in the carpet. That's why they make sure that they're clean all the time before they get down on our hands and knees. You don't say what you say anything. If you want to get down and pray, you want to make sure your carpets are clean. Anyway, no matter what kind of carpets you got, whether it's your area of rugs or your fall to fall or whatever carpeting you got, it gets a lot of stuff in there because people are walking on it and you're Pensy doing that only knows what on it. Call our friends to drive concepts for over 21 years. They've been doing my homes and over 28 years old told and I will stop for it. Your carpets stay cleaner longer when they drive clean and for it because there's no sticky residue left behind and they've got over 50,000 satisfied customers. So, you know, they've been doing a lot of things right for a long, long time. When you call drive concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. And don't forget hurricane season is here and keep in mind that drive concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration. They're certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just minutes, not days and drive concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's well done to you. And don't forget, drive concepts also has got that state of the oryenne or rug cleaning plan. It's the only one in town right on site that are keeping your expensive and expansive area of rugs looking just like you had brand new laid. So do yourself a humongous favor, keep everything looking beautiful and brand new and keep it sanitary to a call and drive concepts and they brought them upon beaches column toll free 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web just log on to drive concepts.com. This is Neil Roger. This is 5-16. The red cake is a camel toe to know which wells and smells. All the time you're all the news they can't get us enough of news, you we poison Nazi-Ray Mars. They've worked in camera's loans when you're on a fun day show to see a panties and oh wow. Up dog just leave a little bit of it. In firm andizing the red of host to childry public and loud. The media got shiver and put a enormous manly hand and the biggest saddened apple in town. Oh, you know what they tried to cure? William Henry Harrison was when he got pneumonia which turned into porousie. Well, he got a bad cold because he got an aggravated and they are cold and the wind and he tried to show how but she was still typically new. Well, the reason I looked up William Henry Harrison is because he was 68 was the oldest president of the lectant until Reagan was 69. And the reason I'm talking about that is because there's a thing about John McCain. Later this month and I can about five days John McCain turns 70 which was in 2000 he would be 72. Two old man, two old oldy and moldy. What is that? Uh-uh, fire. Arab attack. Oh, and I have another one of these stupid ass. Yeah, we don't care what they're doing, what that one here about. I suppose the door here. Can I close the door on my floor? I'll put my shoulder on it. Yeah, I'll put my shoulder on it. And the grammar for the night is dead. Anyway, getting back to the treatment and the doctors tried everything we were cured William Henry Harrison including opium, caster world, Virginia snake weed and even actual snakes. Haven't got the bathroom that snake weed left. What if I had snakes on a plane back then? What no, we just two baseball teams are sued for women only freebies. So, no discrimination though, or is it just smart marketing if you have a... It's discrimination bitch. Women only freebies my ass. Anyway, here's the appul so far the survey. Where are you usually when you listen to the erogger show either on the air if you can hear us with this horrible signal or online? You do realize that we have a people listen online and date and broward. Yeah. Because they hear it crystal clear that way as opposed to that great HD audio sound that we got that we're putting up. For our 274 day 206, Palm Beach 125, Florida outside of the day, Bradden Palm Beach 118, like in Okalusa. I wonder if we have anybody listening to me like in the... to Kudami. Do what you want to say outside of Florida 91? Don't start with those Canadian towns man. We got that in Rio de Janeiro. Well, Madison Hat myself, Luzja. That's where Robby Needemars from and this guy Needemars from medicine hat. USA outside of Florida 91. I don't listen 29 in outer space 23 and we know which 23 they are too. I hate this poll 1813. They hate whatever it is. Whatever we do they hate it. Canada, look how many people listening in Canada. Yeah. Eight plus me. Mexico 5, Europe 4, Africa 2, oh my god. I wonder if they're in the Congo you think? Maybe they're in Zaire. Africa. Not shock you. Maybe they're in South Africa when you think it's a big place. I mean there's some civilized people living in South Africa. I'm gonna be an Egypt. Egypt, my ass. Yeah, maybe Hasn'thum Barak is listening. Asia 2, Australia 1, the Middle East 1, South America 1 and Central America 944, people checking in on the survey. None. It's kind of like a Jerry Wichner show. It's Chubby Chicken in. Oh hi, Jerry. It's Chubby Chicken in. Well that was some really great radio, wasn't it? Oh wow. Oh those are the days man. WNWS, WS news. Wow. Here's some exciting news just in a short while ago. Women may buy the morning after pill. We don't want to get too newsy on you. I don't know if. Or have me sit here and read a bunch of stuff but I will already shut the Manos Harak on that thing in any calls today. So while you've children off there and they want to play games, George's gonna be taking Extra Cross tomorrow's going to come off a half hours only. And states will midnight, so we could get all good calls in. Women may buy the morning after pill without a prescription totally with proof they're 18 or older. Fer� Ross Health Officials rule today. The Pils will be sold only from behind the counter at Pharmacy, so the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the Pils will be sold only from behind the counter at Pharmacy, so the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the Pils will be sold only from behind the counter at Pharmacy, so the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the pharmacist can check photo ID, and the pharmacist can check photo ID, but not a convenient stores or gas stations. Speaking of gas stations, thank you again Mr. President for those far-abasement gas prices. Now, do I have time now before the outbreak? No, it's too long. I'll take the break early. Okay, so I got a column here on the US is really invasion of Lesbano and by Noom Chomsky. Well, see how I'll noom Chomsky it up now. I haven't watched those 2 DVDs last two nights of his lectures at MIT, and you see Berkeley, and all that places, you know, actions of intellectual activism, like the University of Miami, and Miami-Dade, and FAU, and all of these places. On the US is, and of course, all the professional, Zionist and Israel Apologies South, there will want to turn the radio off when I read that. Also, there will also turn it off when I read David Fickley's column from the Guardian, and this DVD port accused Israel of war crimes. Wouldn't be the first time, and it certainly won't be the last time. You know, that's the first time they went into Lesbano, wasn't the first time, but the first time they went in Big Time 82, they killed 20,000 of Lesbinesis, celebrated it. Well, they shouldn't have attacked them. That's correct. And then, of course, we got the time crews' business ported. I guess I just got time for this quirky before we go to break. Oh, there it is. He's so mad at him at me! I think I came on the watch right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my things today. But that was great! It's just so wonderful! I guess I had no idea about her insurance, but it's not the best. If this is the act like duck, it's the... Oh, we're with you. And then there's the one with the who's the other, and it's charred. You'll be charred? I'll see them all. Which he could, yeah? They got a lot of time to turn it off from the Hollywood Square, but then, you know, when you don't see it for about 30 years, it's not heard, man. Yeah, that's pretty funny spot. But don't want to hurt back, right? Oh, yeah, I seen that too, yeah. He's pretty boring. I'm not movie guy. The movie guy? The one that does the voice for all the movie trailers, you know? It's a world. Oh, I haven't seen that. Oh, it's good. The Dutch government says, and of course, after this panic you understand, people are getting like all... I'm in. Amsterdam, Schiffel Airport, maybe been there about 100 times. The incident, which in Northwest Airlines, Clyde Bound for injury, returned to Amsterdam, shortly after takeoff yesterday, was not terrorism related that Dutch state broadcast your Sunday day. What a surprise, huh? Well, you see a bunch of ragheads in there with a... a bunch of cell phones passing him back and forth, you know? And doing paper, a scissors, a rock paper scissors. Wednesday's flight was escorted back to Schiffel Airport by Dutch fighter jets after the cooler the EC10 became suspicious of some of the passengers and 12 people aboard were arrested. But NOS news quoted Justice Minister Pete Heine and Donna as saying there were no signs of a terrorist threat of border flight. It was much to do about nothing. But keep the people on edge, baby, keep them in a panic. It's the fear of fatigue. That's what the right wingers are looking for. And the blare, myster. Bush's poodle. There's other two ugly dogs that are all shoved around on the White House lawn. They always see in the photo-offs. But he's also got a poodle which, you know, Tony Blan. When you go on vacation, if you thought there was going to be like a major terrorist attack, and they were going to blow up ten planes, when you go on vacation, or when you go to Sarasota, and my pet go to a bunch of little kids. Oh, that's a fun vacation. And if you go on your own, maybe some of yours. And I heard he's disturbed about the meal. I'm excited about the meal. And the lady I've apparently been shooting for a while now, especially after the family cat used the woman's flower garden as a litter box. Oh, yeah, we had that straight before we beat the MSNBC. No wonder nobody watches your crappy network. I think we're going to get a thousand more. We got nine thirty nine hundred and about thirty men. By eleven thirty. And that predict that earlier. Yes, you did. We'll have over a thousand people on there. And that probably is the whole audience. This is the meal Roger. This is the meal Roger. This is the meal Roger. This is the meal Roger. This is the meal Roger. No. This is your brain. Those are those of the way. Any questions? I know you've been supposed to advise us, man. How about you, my sugar? Have you ever had my devices? You must know I say it for help. The head of the sugar. That's a swiss. I'm made on that. After a heart-dairy arguing really dislaw, these thirsty scholars hint for their favorite refreshments. Is your light being? The height is so it's fine. It's real light. Smooth as locks and green tea. And it tastes great. But last few and... Touch, try. Touch, don't be a scum. These real light. They'll be a chosen by the chosen people. So what's your favorite word? Chlamille, schmegeggi, or schmendrick. What? Some, some, one? Chlamille, schmeggi. What? Meggi, geggi, or schmendrick. You better brush up on your evening. Sorry. Fucks the voice. Fet and Ruzelosey, Anna says, Where did you find the article about the black kid being forced to the back of the school of bus? I just made it up, Fet from. We do that. I'll just say, it's in the Shreeport Times Shreeport, Luziana, baby. It's in today's newspaper by Vicki Welborn. W-E-L-B-R-N. Tushata, Luziana, COU-S-H. I don't think we can say that. I don't know what that is. Tushata, it's filthy and spedish. Luziana, is it really? Probably. Also it says, by the way, I love no one Chomsky. August 19th piece on the US's really invasion of Lebanon was brilliant. Look, guess what? Ever from... Ever from a symbolist junior? I don't know too many effromes, but we got the one. Luziana was a big fan. All right. Look at this. We got two people on Central America. Oh, yeah. I feel like maybe they were in Guatemala. Well, Nicaragua. Oh. Or Panama. By the way, Bush wanted to help a job by Nicaragua man. There's almost nothing left of it. You never recognize it. No one Chomsky on the US is really invasion of Lebanon. He says, though there are many interesting interacting factors. He made an issue that lies behind the latest US's really invasion of Lebanon. Remains I believe. Lord was in the four preceding invasions. The Israel Palace signed conflict. In the most important case, the devastating US back 1982 Israeli invasion was openly described in Israel as a war for the West Bank. Under taking to put an end to annoying PLL calls for diplomatic settlement with a secondary role of imposing a client regime in Lebanon. There are numerous other illustrations, despite the many differences in circumstances, the July 2006 invasion falls generally to the same pattern. Among Main Street American Critics of Bush administration policies, the favorite version is that we always had a approach conflict between Israel and its neighbors in a balanced way, assuming that we could be a catalyst for an agreement. But Bush, who regrettably abanded that neutral stance causing great problems for the US, Middle East specialists in former diplomat Edward Walker, leaving moderate said that. The actual record is quite different. For over 30 years. Not 30 minutes. Washington is unilaterally barred a peaceful political settlement with only slight and brief deviations. The consistent rejectionism can be traced back to the February 71 Egyptian Afro-Full Peace Treaty with Israel, in the terms of official US policy offering nothing for the Palestinians. Israel understood that this piece of effort would put an end to any security threat, but the government decided to reject security in favor of expansion, then, mostly in the northeastern Sinai. Washington supported Israel's stand at hearing to kiss India's principle of stalemate, force, not diplomacy. It was only eight years later after terrible war and great suffering, that Washington agreed to Egypt's demand for withdrawal from its territory. Meanwhile, the Palestinian issue would enter the international agenda brought international consensus had crystallized in favor of the two states settlement on the 3 June 67 border perhaps with minor and mutual adjustments. In December 75, the U.S. Security Council agreed to consider a resolution proposed by the Arab confrontation states with these provisions also incorporating the basic wording of UN-242, the US vetoed the resolution. Israel's reaction was to bomb Lebanon killing over 50 people in the Tabi, calling the attack preventative presumably to prevent the UN session which Israel boycott it. The only significant exception to consistent U.S. Israeli rejectionism was in January 2001 when Israeli and Palestinian negotiators came close to agreement in Taba. But the negotiations were called off by Israeli Prime Minister Barack, four days early ending that promising effort, unofficial but high level negotiations continued leading to the Geneva Court of December 2002 with similar proposals. It was welcomed by most of the world but rejected by Israel and dismissed by Washington and reflexively the U.S. media and intellectual classes. Meanwhile, U.S. backed Israeli settlement and infrastructure programs have been creating facts on the ground in order to undermine potential realization of Palestinian national rights. Throughout the Oslo years, these programs continued steadily with a sharp peak in 2000, Clinton's file year and Iraq. The current U.S. from his and for these programs is this engagement from Gaza and convergence of the West Bank in Western rhetoric. A hood almost courageous program would withdraw from the occupied territories that reality as usual is quite different. The Gaza disengaged militarily announced as a West Bank expansion plan. Having turned gas into a disaster area seen as radio hox realized that there was no point living in 2000 settlers taking the best land and scare resources protected by a large part of the IVF. It made more sense to send them to the West Bank and go on heights where new settlement programs were announced. While turning gas into the world's largest prison, as Israeli human rights groups accurately call it. West Bank converges formalizes these programs of annexation, Cantonization and imprisonment. With the sense of U.S. support Israel's annexing valuable lands and the most important resources of the West Bank primarily water while carrying out settlement infrastructure projects that divide the shrinking Palestinian territories into unviable canton virtually separated from one another and from whatever pitiful corner of Jerusalem will be left to the Palestinians. All are to be imprisoned as Israel takes over the Jordan Valley and of course any other access to the outside world. All of these programs are recognized to be illegal and violation of numerous security council resolutions and the unanimous decision of the world court any part of the separation wall that is built to defend the settlements is a massive illegal. Hence about 85% of the wall is illegal as his need to have convergence program. But for a soft designated outlaw state and its clients such factors are minor irrelevances. Currently the U.S. and Israel demand that Hamas accept the 2002 Arab League they re-properesal for full normalization of relations with Israel after withdrawal and accord with the international consensus. The proposal is long-venic accepted by the PLO. It has also been formally accepted by the Supreme Leader of Iran, IITO, the Kameini, Sa'iyah, Hassan, Azraal, also made his head as a result of the fact that he has been allowed to stop such an agreement if it is accepted by the Palestinians. Hamas has repeatedly indicated its willingness to negotiate in these terms. The facts are doctrinally unacceptable hence mostly suppressed. While we see instead as the storm warning to Hamas by the editors of New York Times that their formal agreement to the Bay Route peace plan is an admission ticket to the real world and necessary right of passage into progression from a lawless opposition to a lawful government. Like others in New York Times editors failed to mention that the U.S. and Israel forcefully reject this proposal and are alone in doing so among relevant factors. For the more they reject it not merely rhetoric but far more importantly indeed. We see it once who constitutes the lawless opposition and who speaks for them, but that conclusion cannot be expressed even entertained in respectable circles. The only meaningful support for Palestinian facing national disruptors from his Bala. For this reason alone it follows that his Bala must be severely weakened or destroyed. This is the PLO had to be evicted from Lebanon in 82. But his Bala is completely embedded within Lebanese society to be eradicated so Lebanon too must be largely destroyed. An expected benefit for the U.S. and Israel was to enhance the credibility of threats against Iran by eliminating a Lebanese based deterrent to a possible attack. But none of this turned out as planned. Much is in Iraq and elsewhere, Bush administration planners have created catastrophes even for the interest they represent. That's the primary reason for the unprecedented criticism of the administration among foreign policy elite even before the invasion of Iraq. In the background, like far more reaching and lasting concerns to ensure what is called stability in the reigning ideology, stability and civil war's means of obedience. Stability is undermined by states that not strictly follow orders secular nationalist Islamist or Islamist or not under control and contrast to course of Saudi monarchy, the oldest and most vagabled U.S. ally is fine, etc. Such destabilizing forces are especially dangerous when their programs are attracted to others in which case they're called viruses that must be destroyed. Stability is enhanced by lower-aliened states. Since 1967, it's been assumed that Israel can play this role along with other peripheral states. Israel has virtually become an offshore U.S. military-based and high-tech center, the natural consequence of its rejection of security and favor of expansion in 71 and repeatedly since. These policies are subject to a little internal debate whoever holds state power. The policies extend worldwide in the Middle East as significance is enhanced by one of the leading principles of foreign policy in since World War II and for Britain before that to ensure control over Middle East energy resources recognized for 60 years to be a stupid source of strategic power and one of the greatest material prizes in World History. The standard Western version is that the July 2006 invasion was justified by legitimate outrage over the capture of two Israeli soldiers at the border, the popular political fraud, the U.S. and Israel on the West generally have little objection to capture soldiers reading the far more severe crime of kidnapping civilians and of course killing civilians. That is really practiced in Lebanon for many years and no one ever suggested that Israel should therefore be invaded largely destroyed. Western citizens must reveal believe in more dramatic clarity as the current upsurge of violence erupted after Palestinian militants kept in Israeli soldier G-Live Shalit on June 25. That too elicit in huge outrage and support for Israel's sharp escalation of its murderous assault on Gaza. The scale is reflected in casualties, in June 36 Palestinian civilians were killed in Gaza, in July the numbers more than quadruple over 170,000,000 dozens of them children. The posture of outrage was again cynical for all of his demonstrated dramatically and conclusive by the reaction to Israel's kidnapping of two Gaza civilians, the Malmar brothers, one day before on June 24. They disappeared into Israel's prison system, joining hundreds of others imprisoned without charge, hence kidnapped as are many of those sentenced on dubious charges. There were some brief and dismissive mention of the kidnapping of the Malmar brothers, but no reaction. The exact concept crimes are considered legitimate by our side. The idea that this crime would justify a murderous assault on Israel, whatever we regard it as a reversion to Nazism. The distinction is clear and familiar throughout history. The paraphrase to the thosivities, the powerful are entitled to do as they wish, while the weak sufferers they must. We should not overlook the progress that has been made and undermining the impure mentality that so deeply rooted in Western moral and intellectual culture is to be beyond awareness. Merit should we forget the scale of what remains to be achieved, past them must be an insult to the cooperation by people in North and South, who hope to see more decent and civilized world. So wrote no, I'm John Sviay for 19. On the U.S. is really invasion of Lisbon. Is that your still on the air in Channel 4 of it? You are still looking at all that lesbian on stuff? I don't know. Only in South Florida, baby. A major market bush league, baby bush league, minor league, literally, even a little league kids man, laughed their ass off when you met in South Florida. They're just chuckling and peeping up the storm. Speaking of chuckling and peeping up the storm, I discovered yesterday. I don't know if the guy would play this before if I can find it, and then. I don't know if I can tell you the other Jackie. Who's that? Jackie Quinn? Is that it? I can talk. That's her. Yeah. That sounds like Scotty Mack. Listen. I can talk. It doesn't even matter. Barbara Star or Hank? I'm hyper-finally. That's right. Now Scotty Mack was much higher in her register. I think. I said, one if die. Oh no. Jackie Quinn? I think. I don't know, Jackie Quinn. I don't know. I don't know. Jackie Quinn. I don't know. I don't know. God. I forget. I'm sorry to say. Sorry, I forgot your last name. We had so many of these people. How about Arlene Wolf? I wonder what she's doing? The big bad wolf. How about Mike Wolf? Didn't the Rhino think Wolf could. I just had that as a dream. I don't know. I didn't keep trying. I actually got candid, cheap channel. But the assassin people who are he's still there. Maybe he and Greg we could get together from a consulting group. We're just like a group group. Where are you usually when you're listening to the Roger show in the radio on the radio on the pot or online? We got 973 people of check in. And every place we got on here's got at least one. Aren't you excited about that? The road. There's pressure going into people all over the globe. And of course you got a Queditate tremendous QAM publicity staff for making Mr. So popular all around the world. Broward and even 300. They'd 222. Look at those numbers man. 302. Palm Beach, 132. Florida outside of the neighborhood in Palm Beach, 127. The US outside of Florida 94 all over the place. I don't listen 33. But you better start. In outer space 25. I hate this totally 13. Can of a still 9. Me and 8 other canucks. Mexico 5. I think we have to start putting a Mexico line. You're up for Africa 2. Asia 2 Central America Dose. And one in Australia the Middle East and South America. I think there's some Slop over there. Middle East and Asia. Oh, do you think? Let's say that. What? Slop? Some Slop over. Oh, I'll also say Slop when you're talking about your name. This is Neil Roger. Yes sir. Six. Kimchi waves. Crue the Carlos. Oh! tien! Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash!feet!!! No, the county would be... What? Oh, no, it would be so good. Don't you want me more? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... No, the county would have, yes, yeah, yeah... And I wouldn't have. I would have... Okay, let me ask you this. I think we just made radio history. What other radio show in a history of this business has ever had the host read an article by Norm Tromsky followed by a do the guilty. I think it's the first. I think we just did it. And the last, I don't think anybody will ever do that again. The Guinness, we need to book a record. I'm really impressed. Let's see. We got ten minutes to get to, oh, we already got a thousand. Holy man, everybody's coming up roses. Who now who did that song? Was that Steve Lawrence? That, that, that, that, that would did the Steve Allen write that. I always think Steve Allen wrote that, I don't know. What are roses? Everything's coming up roses. Oh, you don't have that. If you have that song, man, I'm gonna fall off the chair. I'm gonna put up a permit. Yeah, if he sang that, that's a permit and a few other vrooming. Sorry, he didn't help the whole thing. She, she both did that. Oh, yes, he was a screamer. Like most of these entertainment reporters you got on the talking as we were talking about, we should have show a screamer. FAMING! Now that's the new prerequisites for every show now, they have to have some entertainment for the reporter who is a flaming queen, man, a screaming queen. Thank God that television is put a lot of other stereotypes on there to be enforced people's preconceived notion in the basket. We've got a thousand people checked in. Now let's talk about a one from Australia, the Middle East and one from South America, two from Central America, two from Asia, two from Africa, four from Europe, five Mexico and nine Canada still. Thousands of islands are ones we care about, right? Right. We'll all do respect to our Florida people who cares about them. David Fickling, and a guardian rights, and the Steve report accuses Israel of war crimes. That's got to be more anti-Somantic propaganda when you think I'm sure it is. Israel deliberately targeted civil war crimes during the month-long conflict in Lebanon, according to an Amnesty International report. The report says strikes on civilian buildings and structures went beyond collateral damage and amounted to indiscriminate and this purported attacks out of the German conventions on the laws of war. Kate Gilmore, the Anasthe Executive Deputy Secretary General, said the bombardment of power and water plants and transport links, was deliberate and an integral part of a military strategy. Israel's assertion that the attacks on infrastructure were lawful as manifestly wrong, as she said. Many of the violations identified in the report are war crimes. The pattern scope and scale of the attacks makes Israel's plan that this was collateral damage simply not credible, is what she said. That's it. Anasthe called for an official UN inquiry to human rights violations on both sides of the conflict. The report's authors described the destructive up to 90% of some towns and villages in southern must-be on, releasing aerial photographs that showed they were southern the Hea District had been transformed from a bustling server into a gray wasteland. A gray wasteland. All they should have said to them. In village after village, the pattern was similar. The streets especially the main streets were scarred with artillery quaders along their length report, and in some cases, cluster bomb impacts were identified. Houses were singled out for precision-guided missile attack were destroyed, totally or partially as result. Business premises such as supermarkets, food stores and auto-service stations and pet rules stations were targeted, often with precision-guided munitions and artillery that started fires and destroyed their contents. Israel launched more than 7,000 air strikes against southern under in the 34-day war, and naval vessels launched 2500 shells. About a third of the 113 people killed 11 onward children, while 4,054 people were injured, and 970,000 just under a million displaced refugees. 118 estimates suggest that 30,000 houses along with up to 120 bridges, 94 roads, 25 fuel stations, and 100 businesses, and a cartridge in a pair of tree were destroyed. Two hospitals were destroyed, three other severely damaged, while 31 vital points such as airports, ports, water and sewage treatment plants and electrical facilities were also completely or partially destroyed. Tia, can't understand why they hate us, you know? It's also a custom-de-Israel and U.S. there, and you can't separate the haters for freedom. The overall cost of the damage amount of the $3.5 billion. Around 4,000 hisbular rockets were fired at northern Israel during the conflict, killing around 40 civilians, up to 300,000 people in northern Israel were driven into bomb shoulders by the fighting, and 117 soldiers died. The Anisky reports it in, and by the way, that 117 soldiers would be the equivalent of like 5,000 American soldiers based in a population. Five or six thousand. The Anisky reports it in Israeli military policy seem direct, direct in a destroyer, Lebanese popular support for hisbular, a tactic prohibited by the Geneva conventions. The widespread destruction in addition to several statements by Israeli officials who suggest a policy of punishing both Lebanese government and the civilian population, and an effort to get them to turn against hisbular accent. But that's your work really well, didn't it? Just like a charbler, they don't exist anymore. The red cross officials recorded saying that people left behind an inaccessible villages in 711, and unable to get a hold of fresh water. Refused in the border villages of Ramayesh, Tertul, Red Cross delegates, the locals had to drink foul water from any regation that's to stay alive. The reports allegations of this proportion of the ex-neco-scomments made during the conflict by international observers, including French, Russian and EU officials, and UN humanitarian chief, John Egelend. However, the British government avoided the term which could be considered an accusation of war crimes, although the former Foreign Secretary Jack Strah on the conservative Foreign Affairs spokesman, William Hague, told to use that term. Okay, what's this facts from Elaine Belasco? She says, I went to the University of Pennsylvania with no imchonsky, even back then he was a voice for justice. I'm old too, but I love your program. Thank you, Elaine. For all old honey, we are really old man, old farts. There's nothing like, you know, back in the day I used to make fun of all the old people now, I'm on them. But I'm not one of them. No, I'll never be one of them. I won't. No, you have to take a surly bus in. You have to be of a certain character and you have to, like I've always said, those people were nasty and mean and rotten and when they were young. They were insane. I just, you just chronologically, so they're probably opening their neighbors mail when they were 20. Get out of here, sunny at our time, get out of here. What do you want? That's it done. I got blue lipstick done. What am I going to do? My cup of it today. Yeah, my grandma used to say that when she had a headache. Yeah, who knows what she was talking about. You know what my grandma used to call my aunt, the Masjogany. And my mother used to tell me that every time I go to lunch, her sister, the Masjogany. But at two of them were like oil and water. Yeah. Well, sorry, Rita. A thousand and 18 votes on the surly. Well, they're not votes. They're like, check in. We ought to have like 50,000 on here. Wouldn't you think? I'd imagine. One of these days, you're going to explain to me how that works. In other words, if you have AOL and there's anybody within a 75 block radius who tries to get under, you can't vote under the polls and how it is. Right. Something like that. So let's just modify a pan 75. We got 75,000 people taken so far. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16, two, three, four. Yeah. 11, and 10, and 10, and we, every time I go to the table, and it's half very solid. The final round of three. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh try, why, ever was it, forever? World War III Maddenies, his release There have been times of concentric Maddenies, his release Busted every day on your TV Maddenies, his release Don't see thousands of refugees Maddenies, his release And some of them did not get me Maddenies, and then he's given me Maddened if I were to give her all because she'm bad Iありがとうございました that by my bad Master of Lab wings which seem to have swirlin down theOe Maddenies, do and many men Maddenies Maddenies, his release Magic star from my dear who stole the Anyway, for Georgia's a year-school cannular, a cup-fade to Calcaboli, well, all these years go by when I teach you that one. I'm gonna write it down. Penny. And how do we spell it phonetically? Oh, C-O-P, like, cop. C-O-P, I don't know. How do I have, I don't know. Baked, Vedic, Vedic, V-A-I-T-B-I-C. How would you spell the spell of the other? I'm telling you phonetically. Like, all smugging, yeah. Like, how if you spell the phonetically? That's what I want. So I can be her. Cup-fade, thick. Cup-fade, even Josh could sing. Hey, come on, Josh. C-Fakek? That was in Russian. Rimes with prosthetic. Hey, Neil, couldn't you give a little kissy kissy that is real and stappily stories now? No, I'm getting a cup-fade thick from people like that. The professional is real a defenders all the time. In fact, I wasn't even gonna read this story. I probably wouldn't have, I've got such a pile here. Too bad I had to reach over a long time ago to call my monitor. A Robert Fisk in the independent UK, right? I don't see this as the thing. You're American Media is a bunch of crap. If you want to get it fine, anything is going on in the world, go online, do a little research. Otherwise, just watch the American Media get a little blah blah to the left. I think that over too. See there you go. Why do you think you're going not okay? There we go. This is a new web to our top who's gone. And no one's left in your daughter. You're on. Hold her. She's on. She's gone. She's on. She's on. She's on. Anyway, until the story of the massacre of Margarine, we was blame on both sides of the border rights robber. Who has absolutely before lives in Lesbynon? Okay. He says there are, this is written yesterday. There are a few marks on the road where the missiles, if the innocence of Margarine, but there are the memories of what happened immediately after the Israeli-Erestriq. On the Convoy of 3000 people after dark on August 11th. A 16 year old Christian girl screaming, I want my daddy is her father's mutilated body, a few meters away from her. The town locked her, discovering that his wife's color had been decapitated by one of the Israeli missiles. The Lebanese Red Cross volunteer who went to the darkness of wartime, leavened on to give water and sandwiches to the refugees. It was cut down by another missile, and whose friends couldn't reach him to save his life. There were those who break down when they recall the massacre at the Jubjangine. And then there are the Israelis who gave permission to the refugees to leave Margarine, who specified what roads they should use, and who then attacked them with partneless missiles firing drone aircraft. Five days after being asked to account for the tragedy, as the last night still hadn't bothered to explain how they killed, at least seven refugees and one of the 36 others, just three days before UN ceasefire came into effect. It is one of the untold stories of the Israeli-Erestriq-Erestriq-Earth, there are others, infinitely more bloody, but the ultimate tragedy, these largely Christian refugees, involved a ram for the Lebanese officers and ministers, the Prime Minister of Lebanon, the US ambassador in the Israeli Defense Ministry. It all began in August 10 when the Israeli-State diswalt ground offensive in the Lebanon, after a month of massive bombing of Lebanese villages in the south, Brigadier General Abnan Dowd, commanding of mixed force of 350 Lebanese, permulatory police and soldiers at the virus, and they pretty Christian town of Margarine, found a man at the gate of 9am, and Israeli officers calling himself Colonel Iyasha. Brigadier General Dowd, who is men were not fighting the Israelis, called the Lebanese Interior Minister, Afhmad Fathbad, FATFAT, OK? I'm sure that's not how you pronounce it. Afhmad Fathbad, who endorsed FathFaths, was the city of Lebanon. Iyasha spent four hours looking around the verif, to assure himself that there were no Hezbollah members there, then he left. Dowd put a white flag on the guard house. But a 4p in that afternoon is really tanky to deport the verif and started to shoot their way in. Dowd again was told by FATFAT, FATFAT, he is really who, according to Dowd, informed him where the occupied areas were in charge. And his radio officer then locked Dowd into a room. Thousands of Christians in Marju, now feared for their lives. According to several aid workers, his beloved firing rockets from behind the town's hospital, which was immediately abandoned by the lesbian he's read across. The inhabitants believe that the reason that his belongs must be redirected from Israel on the Marju and itself, now that the town had been taken over by his really troops and tanks. Locked in his room, Dowd now called FATFAT again. And FATFAT called the Lebanese Prime Minister Fowd's in Europe, who by chance was talking to US ambassador to Beirut Jeffrey Feldman. Feldmane, divided the State Department of Directly with the US Embassy in Tel Aviv, told his diplomats to call the Israeli Defense Ministry, and they swiftly reply that there should be no Israeli troops and drows, Burricks. And you know, the Israelis in Marju and refuse to believe what Dowd told them. Marju owns inhabitants, high up, where we're now in the State of Panic. And that would have called FATFATFATFATFATFATFAD and it's simple to begin with. The State of Orange for Refugee, and the Bailur, from Marju, and to Beirut. The lesbianese government, according to FATFAT, called the UN Commandants, said the Lebanon in 5a, and the next day, August 11th, to seek clearance from the Israelis to allow the thousands of refugees to become void north. The UN according to the government of Beirut, subsequently notified General ObGermain Shahidi, assistant to the head of the Lebanese military intelligence, that the convoy had permission from the Israelis to travel. of the Ecoscrued by Indian troops, subsequently turned up in Marginne to find at least 3,000 people, including Xi'a Muslim refugees from the surrounding devastated villages waiting to leave. We had a total agreement that would go on to the, it would go on to the Bekha Valley and the Firmalaine Pellagrini, the one commander Fat Fet said, the road was also agreed. But there were delays, part of the road ahead had been heavily bombed, had to be repaired. It was 4 p.m. before the Convourc kept slowly out of Marginne, down 350 soldiers in the lead. The locals then abandoned the Convourc, has vaya, the northern limit of UN operations, leaving the refugees dangerously exposed. The UN had already warned the Lebanese authorities that it was too late for the Convourc to leave. It was so slowly I was enraged to relieve worker recalls, people at friendly villages would come out and give the refugees food and water and a lot of talk to them and people would stop to leave all friends as if this was tourism. The Convourc was only going at 5 miles an hour, was getting dark. The 3000 refugees now trail up to the Bekha Valley after nightfall were approaching the ancient Kiff-Friab of vineyards of Jude-Genene when disaster struck the APM. The first bomb hit the second car reported for Reuters said, I was halfway back down the road and my friend, Ely Salami was standing there, or Salami in fact that asking me if I had any spare gasoline. That's when the second missile struck and L.E.'s head and shoulders were blown away. His daughter, Sally, is 16 and she jumped from the car and cried out, I want my daddy, but he was gone. Speaking of the killing yesterday, this Reuters reported for a breakdown of cries. He tried to carry his arthritic mother from his own car, but he complained that he was hurting her, so he put her back on the passenger seat and set the cider, waiting for a violent death with mercifully never came. But it did arrive for Kalat, Al-Rashad, wife of the Muktar who was beheaded in her Cherokee Jeep, and for a member of the Tata family from Deir Mimas and to other refugees, and for 118 soldiers and 35 year old Michael Javale, the right-cross volunteer from Masali, who was blasted in the air when a rocket exploded behind him. It was panicked. He was being eased man. Here's a facet from Professor Alex. Hey, I got news for him, man. Who needs no one to trust you when we got Professor Alex P.A.P. We need a penny. Mr Rogers, today's full please share, oh yeah, right, date my am, my me day. And we don't deal my me day to date. No, we don't. We don't recognize my name. We did not recognize it's not a day. We do not support country and we recognize date counties, been there way for like over 100 years. It's right. And I had this, it wasn't any flag or had something to do with that. Can we flag or? You might have. Yeah, they explained it. So I've been working on the real world, some like that. The professor had a good explanation. Oh, it says here, date was created in 1836. It was named for Mayor Francis L.D. The soldier killed in 1835 and the second seminal war. What a sense of the name, the date, battle field. The county seat was originally at Indian key in the Florida Keys. But on July 20, 2019, 97 have changed from date to Miami date. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. And it's a picture of Professor Alex Weeney Epini. Former date Mayor, now saying Thomas University Professor teaches undergraduates as they senior fellow and professor of public policy. Well, sure you, Alex, okay. And guess that's that carrot off your shoulder. Oh, it's not a parent, it's Juan Manieta. Who was here there today? He was? Yeah, cool. What was he doing there? He was doing one. That's very interesting. He was cutting a PSA or something for some reason. Wow. He was cutting the cheese. Stopped into say hi. Wow. Good thing he didn't do that when he was on Alex 20. He didn't use a shoulder. Wanted me to give you his love. I got it right here in the basket. I don't remember what he looked like. I'll send it to you. No, probably old and ugly. Now, anyway. Yes. Thousands and 60 votes on the poll on the survey. Why do I keep saying on the poll? Oh, there's that sell out to dark, complexive guy. What tells his name that's one of the middle. There on MSMEC. And now I just still. Oh, my God. Well, what's worse sell out Jews or sell out blacks? I think sell out blacks. They absolutely. Don't speak. You choose. So, period. Two Jews. Well, you will. It's Armstrong Williams. Another right wing of self-hating black guy. Oh, my God. And who's that extra. Jack from Oklahoma versus name of a Josh that the black ex-Jack. Oh, that black ex-Jack from Oklahoma. He's a kid out of here here, isn't it? Well, now what did he say again? Come, Faiti. I want to hear a say again. Say it one more time and I'll try to pronounce. CUP VATIC. CUP VATIC. How do we do it right there? What are you usually? Where are you usually? Where are you usually? When you listen to the arrived, you're sure you're the one who you're over there. You're horrible. Old fashioned radio or online. Thousands and 60 people were checking in. George is, that means we got two million people listening. Grower 324, day 251, Palm Beach 145, well, I figured. Outside of those three counties in Florida, 134, like, you know, tell a hatchy. What was the name of the bridge in the Odeville, Joe? The tell a hatchy bridge. Tell a hatchy. I like that. What a memory. Is there such a place where is it up to stream from Andre? I don't know. Do you want to go to his last name? You must say outside of Florida, 108. I don't listen 34. They both, they check our website, they don't listen. In outer space, 27, we believe you. I hate this poll only 14. 10 of the 10. I didn't like that. There's Bobby Gentry. I can't have a little records. Oh, it's a bit of Joe. It wasn't dead, a team. I'm not talking. It's like he does it down. Okay, I said I've never been there. You see that movie Robbie Benson was in it. He doesn't see where some guy in the tent. He pitched the tent. That one. Yeah, that was the guy in the tent. And I've played the, yeah, his girlfriend. Who else was in it? Oh, I'm not the Google that. Oh, that's bad. You're supposed to know these day, I know. Oh, you know what? Moving was on last night? Oh, what else had called the neighbor with Rod Stiger? Did you ever see that? It's only got two stars on the thing. That's solid familiar. I better seen that. We played the crazy doctor. You know, and he was the next to a neighbor. That's something very familiar. Maybe. Oh, it was a good neighbor. It's good. Can it attend? May he go, sinko, sinko, sinko, you're four. Central America, three. Oh, my God, we're moving up into Guisegapa. The Middle East, two, Africa, two, Asia, two, Australia, one, and South America. So they went, they will know. This is new, right? How many co-waka's this is fine? What is so kind of cheese? What are you going to do? For our brand new lunch, there's the next Monday, August 28th. Mark that down on your wrist, okay, lucky in Momento. Am I right? Next Monday, obviously 28th. That's right. Coming up day that'll live in for me. We're George Gow. All right, probably take it to do. Oh, no. And in ace and in trace is what I'm hearing. Hey, listen, if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy or your kids are going back to school, you've got to make sure you're sleeping on a really great quality mattress. And if you want to get one under pressure, you can afford and get delivery that is second to none in the world. I call our good friends a dollar, mattress 1-800 mattress. They can recommend the mattress for kids of any age, and of course for you at all as as well. Have a new bed delivered day in time. We choose any day, seven days away from 8am to 10pm. It's so easy even a child could do. It just makes that call right now. And pick the time as convenient for you. And you're going to be home. Noon to two, three to five, four, twenty, seven to six, twenty, seven, and several. And they'll show up on time. They can even deliver your mattress the same day that you call. Especially if I could be called right now. It can be sleeping like a baby tonight. You can't beat this anywhere around. They have not needed new mattress for years and years. I just sit there and make one easy call off my fat old ass. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Get the best prices and the best selection of the top names like ceiling. And sort of Simmons King Quill, type of pedic. Stewards and Foster, who would all be the top names too. Check for low prices on their website at mattress.com or bed yet. Call dialed a mattress right now. And like I said, they'll be knocking on you door no time at all. 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. Lee Roth last S. because it stands for Stoop and disabled. Want a Lonnie 커�z little boy? How can I uppide a contractual? Get some more water met me. On a pay! And on a toilet, they'll pay you a £3. You're a tear, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're more beautiful than a star, and you're always cool, proud of what your face is, you're very beautiful than a star, you're a star, make this world like a highっぱing, you're beautiful, and my love so much like the way I love mine just like, by a great boy, heavy, you're a star , cook you're a star, live where the star, like the power spin, oh, shining the star I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited Stop, it's the snow Stop, It's the snow Stop, It's the snow Stop, It's the snow Stop, It's the snow Stop, It's the snow Stop, It's the snow Stop, It's the snow It's the snow It's the snow I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm gonna have to be on the ground, I'm gonna have to be on the ground. This is gonna die, just throw that, I'm gonna be on the ground. Hold on guys, please go outside. This is gonna be a great experience. I'm gonna be the champion of the two, I'm gonna be the champion of the two, I'm gonna be the champion of the two, I'm gonna be the real team on Amazon. Yeah, I watched her. I'll send two next week. No, you really enjoy it. But the problem is like I said, he's like 78 years old or something like that. How much longer is he gonna be around? And Gorvidiles, about 110. And the two are all the same. You're fair, look at that pole right now. Yeah, how likely are there to re-assieve when we want to see what we want to see. What are you saying? What are you saying? 60% said not likely. 90% to 9%. Yeah, 69. It sounds awfully gay. You're fair, right? The latest time profile, Holly, with breakup is between a movie star and a top studio. And how come they got that idiot Mel Gibson on there? You anti-Semitic idiot. People are kind of unforgiving when they say this is the person who we loved. We don't love him anymore. No, that's for damn sure. Well, I never loved him in the first place. I liked him, okay. I thought he was, yeah, all right. I liked Rain Man. And born on the fourth of July. Mm-hmm. What else? Well, last time, right? I didn't even see that you like risky business because in those days. Yeah, well, there was okay. Yeah, that was okay. It was all right. When he was, he backed anyone. He was jumping up and down on the couch and his underwear was okay. And Oprah was not okay. Right. Anyway, summer redstone, whose company on his paramount picture said the studio was sever. It's 14 year relationship with cruises film production company because his reason conduct has not been acceptable to paramount. That's the paramount issue. Paramount. Remember the godfather in the beginning? The paramount pictures presents the godfather. As much as we like him personally, the viacoming chairman told the Wall Street Journal, we thought it was wrong. Do we knew his deal? Cruises partner. Paula Wagner. What does that mean? What does this partner business partner? Oh, calm down. Cruises partner. Paula Wagner. See, I thought maybe it was a mispronath that it was going to be a partner. Was Paul Wagner or Paula Walker? He's still around every night and he was going to move it with his own last night. Didn't watch it. Was directed by John Stockwell or my very favorite to people in the history of mankind. Who's probably really old and ugly now. Anyway, the deal in recent years paid cruises and Wagner up to our cruises partner, Paul Wagner said negotiations are new conference simply fizzled. The deal in recent years paid cruises and Wagner up to 10 million year to develop films and operate an office on the paramount loft. It was reported that cruises and the studio been discussing a less lucrative deal. The studio would offer the pair of two million year plus 500,000 dollars in discretion to refund to each of the next two years for the LA Times yesterday. It's not as sources but knowledge of the talks we didn't want to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter. In the past year or so, the usual guard adapter came under intense scrutiny. After we jumped up, see, let me say this to you right now. The difference to me between really biting satire and coming that really is hysterical. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not a thing. That's not part. As opposed to the daily show which is attempting to be really biting in humorous and about 90% of the time this is a smart. See what I'm saying? South Park never misses the mark. No, they don't pull any punches either. That's correct. They don't come on there and pretend that they're going to say something biting and skating. They rip ass even if his Oprah's. Oh, oh. Don't go there now, please. Girl, press. In the past year or so, the usually guarded actor came under an crew and tense scrutiny. After he jumped up and down the Oprah when he was couch. Oh, my God, everybody. Everybody let her go. She just everywhere. Oprah. Yeah. While proclaiming his love for Katie Holmes, openly advocating Scientology, criticizing Bruce Shields for taking prescription drugs to treat postpartum depression. I'd like to see, canus, muslimatial, Bruce Shields or Tom Cruise. She can probably keep his ass. Oh, he's like five-foot seven. She just sit on him. The religion, of course, found it by science fiction writer El-Ran Hubbubb, opposes psychiatry and his medication. It's a closet. Red star estimated that Cruise's offspring behavior cost his latest movie, Mission Impossible 3, $150 million in ticket sales, even as he praised the film as the best of the three movies. I wouldn't watch it if he'd pay me by the second. If he gave me a math scene that played on every pull, I still wouldn't do it. It's nothing to do with his acting ability. He's a terrific actor, Redstone said, that someone who affects, in fact, to weights creative suicide, and costs the company revenues should be on the line. Love that line, who affects weights creative suicide. Ryan Neatrol, the AP, that agents for Cruise Wagner production, stopped negotiating with Permanored for a week ago, they've since secured independent finance, and effectively taking any contract renewal with the law of the table. For some reason Permanored is children, they negotiate in the press, Redstone's announcement surprising. It's not really the most business-like approach he said, we've had virtually no dealings with Mr. Redstone. Each of the actors, I said, in terms of generated more than $100 million, and the collaboration between Permanored and Cruise Wagner production based on the Permanored Lawson's 92 speeders, two and a half billion dollars worth of business. Wagner said she, in cruiser than considering independent finance, and think for their company for a long time, she said the company's already have taken amendments from two hedge funds, whose name would be not soon. For us, this is a new and exciting direction, so you said we look forward to working with all the studios, and we don't believe her. We think that he got dumped. Don't you think he got dumped? There's no question. Yeah. They dumped you, Tommy. Hey, Tommy. You're fairie. 113, not bad. 1103 of people have checked in. George has had translates to 88,000 people, that he's writing down. And let's look at a bottom. There's South America still, so we'll make that you know, 82, not too big in those outlying farer. But once they discover the pull-man, once the word gets around to pipe the grapevine, and Ben Harper is going to be singing it. This is Neil Rogers. Exactly. This is 5. 16. 21. 8. 15. Hmm, this is Dick Kaney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene, massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome on our Boopry. Okay. So liberty, justice. Nick, what happened? The loop of us at Downed Old Down Saturday. Uh-huh. So Harry said in there. He was dressed in the orange. I turned and shot a parrot. He was broken the right side of his face. And he was not sure if it's done. You think? It's the first time I'd ever had a parrot. What? There's no, it's not Harry's fault. I guess not. The other hunter and I then, we were hunting in Coil, and walked about out of yards of another direction. He took his gut of bird. You guys continued to hunt? Exactly. That's what we did. What was Harry doing? Um, lady. Obviously. What were you thinking? I have no idea. So liberty, justice. Hello,dern. This nice and clear hiphop. An interesting试ing. I've always wanted to open black. I think I know how they felt. Happy day, man I should be in all our pain Out to go I just want some man I never know what's real No one has shown No one has been my soul My heart is not your fault Today I hope you'll trust me Otherwise I'll never love you I love you I'll die anywhere That will be safe Never run, never run Yeah, but sometimes, no you need it I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I want to know. I want justice. I can't rule on the ground. Wow. I'm so tired. No. Wait, I know I didn't say anything. I'm so tired. No. Ah, just go gnar, go Breath and slide and then fear me! I'm not going for, just go now. Good. Watch out who's back. Watch out before. Hold the way up. Not camp, but not in the back of a branch. In the past, it seemed to come in hard. And they came everywhere. Wouldn't teach them to concede in an ordinary. I don't know what it's about to work, I'm out The rest of it's me, the prayer is there Right back in it I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can If I am a street in the mother room I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can If I am a street in the mother room I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can I'll do this as I can I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can I'll do this as I can, and you'll do this as I can Oh, I'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so excited Thank you, you're welcome, and I'm so excited Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you Anyway, it's 12 a.m. I haven't given the line up for today Who cares about sitting in a mile? Let's just, let's just erase it Come on, let's move on to Monday No, seriously, we gotta move on to bigger, we got bigger fish to fry Come Monday, let's see tomorrow morning Gell these back on me, and well, all of these things That's not good Curtis Stevenson, two to four of the staff, got a man dog from He's come house grill, that ought to be a thrill between four and seven Why is there an answer risk on that? That's a revision So you've got to put an answer risk next to it? What an idiot, that's a total idiot, that's a real idiot Hurricane, how line at game were seven and nine, the beast of Gamers 9 to 10, the beast is on here, what does that tell you? Eddie can't 10, no ball game today What did I tell you, Josh, about the marlins would sweep the nests? Yeah, and they did, although that final score there, man I'd like to look at it was nine to two, and all of a sudden I see the final Nine to seven, got a little scary there Kevin Yeah, not good, but they swept the nests, and like I also told it If you took all the wins out of the winning column against an answer to pirates, they'd be like seven hundred games under five hundred Yes, and speaking of marginal team, what a brewer's coming to town in the Tomorrow night, wow, there should be one hell of a sit-down audience for that, you know? I guess in like six hundred people, six to seven people Who got lost somewhere on the Eatern Pike, made a bad ride turn there But what were it to say to him, I was like, you see a ball game, what's next and you want? So the marlins play, and the only I believe six games under five hundred now, am I right about that? Yes, you are five and a half back. Woo! Five and a half out of a vile car, that is pathetic, although they do have 422 teams to have them between them and the reds Washburn, Missouri, the minister of a rural Ozarch church, his wife and her two brothers, have been accused of molesting young girls from their congregation for years Sometimes his part of religious ritual officials said, oh yeah, given a good old time religion It makes me dance in my pants The county prosecutor says the Reverend Raymond Lambert 51 I wonder if he's related to Bill Land Burtis, the old hunstriver Raymond Lambert, I wonder if he's kind of curly Lambert, he was a horse at Suffolkdowns in Rocky and Park Curly Lambert, I believe driven by tug-boid or bucky-day What do we, how do you get me off out of here? Sorry, tug-boat and the county prosecutor said the Reverend Raymond Lambert, 51 a grand Valley independent Baptist church, repeatedly had sex with two underage girls Oh my God! With the help of his 49 year old wife, Patty, according to court records, she helped her, she helped, helped you have a helping hand We gave it helping, land and she gave it helping him Four ten years, the passing till the girls were preparing your body for the service to God It's possible, I don't think it was No, I don't think I can prepare some choice people for service to God I guess they have reason, probably not enough, never enough Patty Lambert's brothers, Paul Eplink 53 and Tom Eplink 51 Our HQs, repeatedly having sex with girls, is young as the age of four in the late 70s and early 80s The minister of a rural Ozarks church in Washburn, Missouri, visit his family His family All four defend his face, molested in Saudi meat charges, what I say, molested The attorney said they did not do allegations, all four turned themselves in Monday We released on bond, they preliminary hearing schedule by October the 2th to see what the formal charge will be filed Or maybe just informal Lambert's church is on a property owned by the Eplink brothers and has up to 100 people 100 acre farm and western McDonald County, they refer to it as a compound Sheriff Deputy Michael Lassoura said The compound is behind a gatemarked, grand valley farm on a gravel road about 13 miles west of the small town of Washburn This kind of sounds like what's going on in an entry, or maybe just what was going on up there in the woods with Ned Bady The gate was barred with no trespassing signs on Wednesday and attorney Robert W. Evans and said the four were not speak to reporters This is a matter of facts for the court, not public opinion he said They just want to keep it in the family I guess and as students from England would say I mean Susan, yeah Susan, what's the name of students? The right is the court and he would say, oh, it's traitor Where did I get students to random from? I don't know Too much of that left wing propaganda, I don't know if you're in some robbers That's what happened when I read that article by Norm Chomsky So they can't accuse him of being anti-Somantic, there's no more Jewish than Norm Chomsky I'll say that especially with a name like that You know what we could be in more Jewish if they called them Chomsky You know what I'm saying? I see as you don't buzz a rod that are ruseki to me As in speaking of how's her eye? There you see no gifts There's you know gifts and all I could say I'll see you in the more heights Prof. 13 at 5.60W if you have all the tribes all the bubble miceys all the getkskees all the time I've always told you it's a war of head year man Who's got to be a 10 year? Is it the Orthodox Jews? Is it the Muslims? Is it the who also got? Is it the Catholic Viships in the Pope? Is it the priests? Uh-huh So poor young kids being slept the Hebrew school to study their bar mitzvah Mothers so they can go and say today I am a fountain pen or whatever they say But you're a crap man Odd you kids out there when your parents try to indoctrinate you with this garbage Just dumb cut that crap that's it Cut 13 a few a.m. Stobies continue to be soft photos tops the garishop With relatively broadest inventory's containing and outstanding selective over a thousand open boxes of cigars All the top names that also gar kind of swirrs know and love like Perdomol ashton vst our terrafointate padron not a crystal Romeo and Juliet and lots more waiting for you It's stories also on top of that not just your everyday names, but special hard to find an obscure cigars Did you want to find me play sells are waiting for you right there in the shop buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds And stick around a while and enjoy your smooth smoke is so he's line lounge featuring peer laundry 100% peanut war even John Mark whatever his card didn't get to drink that on a on the Thai airline plane Hey And many other fine lines for around the world how is it duck John don't choke on the duck That's awfully fatty man stoke is just located a 16-12-12 candle drive just have my Easter egg Can you imagine his cholesterol by zooming up after that flight stoke is is at 116 12-12-12-12 to have my east of exit 20 off the turn bike open every day seven days away from your smoking and dining and dancing pleasure Call the day to reserve a boss your favorite cigars. It's stoke. They got him a few one them three oh five five nine eight 98 20 and what is stuff into the shop? Be sure and say hi to Mary on the girl stand and Heather And I'll give you a free one and a cigar too that's stoke is at 116 12-12-12 candle drive 305 598 98 20 Is This is What the You Yo Or The shots went there here at home. You wait, we're probably gonna have a no one to crown you, So you see me warm and close. Lower with me, and say for a place. If you take them all away, Thank you for the way. Stop them again to kidnap his ass. And rookie Tiki Sanchez and Wolf Leatskrie while they're at it. Guess why they got some bad news for all you astronomers out there? They had a wild time about this. I guess they had a big concept of this if the, Meeting of the International Astronomical Union in Prague. Okay, well, it's a draw. Leading astronomers declared finally today that Tuto is no longer a planet. Under historic news, as of your teacher, I knew kids out there if you'd taken those. I'll teach you that in science classes, Tuto is the ninth planet, just roll their crap away, man. Now we've got to go change that mobile on the ceiling. Under historic new guidelines, Adenseize the solar system from nine planets to eight. I don't accept that. I did not recognize that. What's the point of time that we're, yeah, and now there are... What are you like that? Got a bird in this textbook. Oh no. Oh no. My grandfather has hooked off. After I tumultuous week of classing over the essence of the cosmos, the International Astronomical Union script Tuto, the planetary status in Celsius discovery in 19... About 30, man. 30. The new definition of what is in his not a planet, fills a centuries old black hole for scientists to Ever since, for a journalist without one. A journalist, a journalist for Christ's Sakes. Let's run with you, idiot. Although astronomers have plotted after the vote, Jocelyn Bell Bernel, a specialist in neutra. You know, there's only one jocelyn that I ever heard of in my life before that. Jocelyn, Joyceelyn. You know who that was? Mm-hmm. Helpers. Hi. This is Jocelyn Elders. Yeah, that her. Remember her? Yes, I do. Let's go ahead and play that bit of credit. Do you want to play it? Pickle. Anyway, although it's, yeah, I'm not sure if I could hear it. I'll play it tomorrow. Oh. Jocelyn Joyce Bernel, whatever name is, especially in neutrons, starts from Northern Ireland, where we saw the proceedings. Errors those who might be quite disappointed to look on the bright side. Always look on the bright side, she's saying. It could be argued that we're creating an umbrella called Plan Under which, the dwarf planet's disease, he said, drawing laughter by waving a stuck to the wall Disney family to real umbrella. Oh my god. Obviously, this was a much real intellectuals. The only one missing was... Oh, it's there? Yeah. The decision by the prestigious international groups fills out the basic tests that celestial objects will have to meet before they can be considered for a mission to the elite cosmic club. For now, I'm ever sure if I restricted the Ava and it's got them here. Like I need to read them to you. Much malign Pluto doesn't make the greater out of the new rules for a planet, which is defined as a celestial body that is an orbit around the sun. And as a sufficient mass for itself, gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a nearly round shape and it's clear that the neighborhood around its orbit. Pluto is automatically disqualified because its orbit is oblong orbit overlapped with Neptune. How do you like that? Instead, it will be reclassified a new category of dwarf planets, although dwarf. Similar to what we're on in term minor planets. Oh yeah. Maybe we can get the Pluto people on the survivor. The Smithsonian's after we get the... What are they going to do? We're going to have some malado people under tune, who's sad that they're going to be taken? The malado people are trying to learn what language they speak. I see. And we certainly got to get some veners on there, so you can get all worked up. They got them. 1150 people have checked in, choked in, choked in, checked in on our website. I need to read you.com. And still, I guess we've exhausted all of people from my call as exotic places, you know. Like David Broward. Okay, it's almost 12.30 already. You haven't even only got how many stories here? About 30 minutes. And John, car, Mark, yes. We don't want to... But I got more important stuff for us. I'll save that for a minute. Okay. I got some really heavy interesting stuff here. You might be amazed. In fact, the Lloyd Wisconsin, ever heard the Lloyd College? Nope. But you did now. And the Lloyd Wisconsin. Did they survey and had got a thing... Where is it? Born in 87. The freshman attending the first college of the lectures around a country grew up with pay for of UT. It's got like all these different things that anybody born in 87. Where today's college students, 19, never saw or experienced or knew or liked that. Like that. Like freedom. Things like that. Free speech. Here's what I'm sure Josh has been all over, like Stink on Greg, like Stink on Joyce. Hamstead in New York, Long Island. Jets running back Kevin Barlow, what color's rise to 49ers coach Mike Nolan for comparing him to 8.30 in the newspaper. You see that story? Because you sent it, yeah. Oh, that's right. You see how educated you're becoming? Pretty soon you'll be talking about getting a cup of it from getting too many stories. You see the Stink commercial I am for Gaico right now? Yeah, that's not an answer to the movie yet. To like, oh, we missed it. Why are you supposed to interrupt the movie? I never saw that one before. That's time. Well, Gaico, I'm sounding a world. I would get their insurance just because I like their spots. I would get their insurance if they stopped using that lizard. It's not a lizard. It's a gecko man. I hate the gecko. Oh. You know, sit with the kids. Barlow was traded from San Francisco, Cisco to New York on say, I don't like that British thing when I British accent. Well, mate. Barlow was traded from San Francisco to New York on Sunday for fourth round. Pick made his inflammatory comments to be comfort, cost of times in one's dissed editions. Just a coach Eric Magnini said he has to be a scokin with Barlow and the therapist saw everybody's always apologizing. You know, they blow it out a bunch of evilcraft like Makaka, you know? You're white. Makaka and Virginia, see Jordan Allen called a guy. I thought that video. Makaka because he's got their what a mollock haircut. I personally think that George Allen is probably. Yes, me probably most default. Get him back to a barlow went to high school with the kid named Bruce Barlow. I thought his comments were inappropriate. Magnini said after he said it he wished he could have those words back, but he can't. Kevin has already called Coach Nolan talking about that, which I think is important. Barlow was upset with a trade, mainly because Nolan assured him he wouldn't be dealt. He told the newspaper Nolan was a first time head coach with too much power. He walks around with a chip on a shorter like he's a dictator like he's Hitler. Barlow said people are scared of him if he didn't know. Nolan's way it's the highway. How do you like that? Forget a little bit over the top. And you know what Nolan said? It's a lie. I am not a nonsense. What you said? Okay. Get to that John Mark Kaga 400 stories about him, including, do you know that he ran a, curious that story? What a hell is it? He ran a thing in his house. I don't tell me I don't have that one. I better put it out again. He ran a daycare center in Alabama. Do you know that? I did not. When you think he'd be the kind of guy that we'd perfect for there? Like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a little girl. Oh, I just got six thousand stories. Because that's face it. Who cares about Israel? Let's be on a, about Iraq or about Afghanistan or Iran, as fancies I can't, or stuff like that. You know, somebody wants to be so newsy. We got John, uh, What got their leak out of it? They're in 11. Stofeater's in sister. Tell you what it's really like to have a cable in the family. Oh, there you are. Ha. Ha. Ha. agora right. You think that's good to wait to do through this from Capital, kind of, Cal, Cal, Whole, Tom Mexico Call pull, Cal, Call, Pull it, Cal, pull it Delete little I've gone bones in the Takake Archieological Site New Mexico City, Shobha, 550 victims had their hearts ripped up by Aztec priest and ritual offerings, and we're dismembered ahead their bones boil or scrape clean. Or another life's scraping your bones clean. Before you start mackin' on those guys, the finding supported counts of Aztec's capturing and killing a care of and a Spanish conquistador as an local man I love at some of my pro-Clearm conquistado, women and children traveling with them and revenge for the murderer of Takamu. Takamu. Takamu. On the show today. Takamu Metsin, King of the Anstacampire's number two city of Texcoco. Texcoco. Oh, oh. Oh yeah, you can be the man with a Texcoco star in the Milton Bruhl Show. Experts said the scoured pro-Somash six did resist the conquistadors led by Sporeherman Cortez, Hernán Cortez, Herman. Even though history both say most welcome the white skin horsemen in the belief they were returning Anstac gods. Oh, of course. So there you know, they just can't eliminate them and they bone them and they they lost them stuff like that. Yeah, they need a rather orange group this is five 16 to a I'm not not not not not not not not this is Rushwin ball. Sivin of humanity. Tuxedo host Pamelaide suffer. Folks of over three other pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellence depositories. Now you can end the pain and if you have a hemorrhide will kiss you just for my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from all I be the obesity and broadcasting that works. To not on the box lock up the daggers and cream cheese for pair for a wild ride when Fox presents when you the tack sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC where you can get the new GOP bucket that's GOP bucket is all white meat right wing to know each 29 95. Wins you the tack. What is this? Last story is Rushwin ball during the U of Factsman the first page. Yeah, as I didn't think it's second page. Holy moly, try that further. You wish. No, I just printed it out. The original. Okay, I'm gonna figure print much easier to read and a whole thing. I mean, who just wants a little piece of trash? Oh, boy. On August 23rd broadcast as yesterday of his naturally syndicated radio program Rush Limbaugh suggested that the competition in the new CBS reality TV program survivor and which contestants are reportedly going to be divided into competing tribes by ethnicity is not going to be fear if there's a lot of water events. In support of this assertion he said at the March 2nd Health they are to be reporting that young blacks especially males are much more likely to drown in pools than whites. During the program Limbaugh suggested that people at CBS are scratching their heads and asking whether the swimming port of the new survivor competition is going to be fear. When pressed by an African American caller to identify which team would be the worst rumors in why Limbaugh stated that the white tribe would be the best rumors based on the performance of white athletes at the Olympics. After apparently disconnecting or cutting the volume level of the caller Limbaugh said, you're saying I'm being racist because I'm saying black scant swim. He further protested. I mentioned the swimming contest only because it's not going to be fear if there's a lot of water competition in this. It's just isn't it's not a racist I'll comment it all. In support of his assertion that his comments were not racist. Limbaugh said that they marched second healthy article reporting that young blacks especially males are much more likely to drown in pools than whites. But the study on which to help the article was based in that address is swimming abilities of African Americans in general. Health they reported that researchers don't know why black kids are at a high risk of drowning. They're most of the black-dunning victims drowning in public pools and the state didn't examine whether the victims had taken swimming lessons or whether the pools were supervised by a lifeguard. Additionally, the article noted that according to the study people from poorer families were more likely to drown the guardless of race and at one off of the study suggested future research will be done to examine swimming instruction whether it reduces the risk of drowning. Yeah, let's let's bet a few million dollars to do a study on that. Regarding the new survivor series, Limbaugh also stated that there are many characteristics that you think would give the African American tribe to lead and the heads up in terms of skill and athleticism and so forth. He's not a racist to understand just asked out of the name of the state. He also stated, oh, by the way, how did your boy do one Monday night, Josh? I'm sorry? And Monday night football. Who we talking about here? The new analyst, which one? There's three of them. No, no, the new analyst on whatever's name is. Tony Cortes, Tony Cortes. He seems a little lost so far. No. He also stated that our early money is on his fanitarium which he said could include a Cuban or Nicorrava or Mexican or two provided they don't start fighting for his supremacy amongst themselves. Oh, he must add George and mind when he mentioned that. He knows his Julios. Huh? Limbaugh added that his fanics have probably shown the most survival tactics that they've shown him remarkable little ability to get cross borders and they can do it without water for a long time. They don't get apprehended. They'll do things other people won't. He also asserted that the Asian American tribe whom he called the briniacs of the bunch probably will outsmart everybody. But while intelligence is one thing, raw native understanding of the land, this is probably why the native Americans were excluded because they were at one with a land and they'd probably have it on third vantage. I don't know what rush is. He added that the white tribe if it behaves at his Thorquery as it hands will bring along vials of diseases and will wind up oppressing the other tribes by denying them benefits and property. But we'll later try to put the other tribes in some kind of benefit for where. Oh, why did you even send us to me? And what did I look it up and get the whole story? Yeah, it's much more to learn. But while we want to talk about the old beaten every single week, what's the conversation in this country going to be like? That is my concern. I can see the headlines. Now, all we knew is that the white tribe of the United States has been a huge problem with the race. I mean, I'm very concerned about the assumptions that are going to be made from what we see in this competition. And I'm also concerned about what will come out. I'll be trying to say honey. I have no right. Yeah, this should be, let me say, uh, this should be your biggest problem, right? Yeah, I have a bias. Now, let's get to the important stuff to the meat of the matter. This is what the whole audience has sitting on the edge of their sea, squinting meat around a bush, okay? Put what all would be yes and all the protests on and all the other crap. Let's get to John Carr, car whatever his name is. Deborah Carr, Kurt. John Mark Carr belonged a bragged who is landlords family that sexually I'm like a wolf and city preferred girls to women when he worked in Costa Rica as an English teacher. His former housemates told E&P. All right, still been for not that story about the, uh, he had a daycare center in Alabama. I'll do it because they're at 6000 John Carr stories. Did no horse supposed to be talking about survival in John Carr? Oh yeah, hard to tell. It's something. Traveled around the world in recent years including briefs, station hunters and Costa Rica. Oh no, there's no little girls, uh, having sex and Costa Rica, are there? Where he rented a room in 2004 from Canadian John Hall who teaches at a property in the University of the Campa, Los San Jose. Do you know the way to San Jose? That way. Over y'all, 40 tools hold IP and exclusive of any good that he rented a room to car through an internet posting, but as to relief after about five weeks because car was saying rude and inappropriate things was Costa Rica and wife and stepped daughters then 16 and 20. I threw him off because he was causing problems for them. Hall said, one stepped out and out 22 told AP that car said several times he like girls not like, you know, girls like young girls like little. I'm other asked about a who's looking for a girlfriend of Costa Rica. He answered he didn't like adult women only small ones. He said, speaking on conditioner name not be used. I thought he made young women in a romance event girls as in like little girls. During his day with the family, car would often either talk incessantly or send in his room and listen to dark rock music like that of Merlin Manson. Something that also bothered the halls who are pedicastial Christians. Oh Merlin Manson, there he goes again. You see it? Told you. The other place. Devour. My God, he's responsible for everything. All the abortions, I mean, you name it. That's what Michael Moore taught us. Remember that? Who's in the movie Merlin? Oh, there he is forming at the miles of a day. Look, like they've succeeded because here we are talking about. Yeah, here we are talking about, even though it's one of the most stupid things. I'd rather hear about John and Mark Carr. And about Stinking Survive. You have never watched that show? Yet Miss Much. Oh. What an hundred and five people have checked and that's pretty weak. If he asks me, we should have 1300 by two o'clock. I'm going to be pretty peoed. I'm going to be pretty cheesed off. Where are you usually when you listen to the Roger show either on ear or on the internet? Browards 352, they 281, Tom Beach 1861, you see that overwhelming date Broward and Palm Beach. You're listening on the radio. A lot of those people could be listening online too though. Like I said, if they're like an aboling, it's got like any we're in a building that like a fluorescent light in it. They came here this station. It's like that. So, you're listening online. That's where when we lose the thing, we go down the thing goes down. Boy, they get wild man. They go nuts. Florida outside of the date Broward and Palm Beach, I've been 49. That's not bad. US outside of Florida 120, I don't listen 40, in outer space 35. Please, I hope this poll 15, Canada 10, Mexico 5, Africa 4. Where what we're thinking that is, in Zayir? Okay, in Central America 4, while they probably have a 10-4 in the Zimbabwe. Central America 4, Australia 2, we got 2 down under. Should we put New Zealand on there too? Well, why not? It's not a, it's hot. Sure, why not? That's a separate place. Yes, it is. We got a pyramid at least. A few on the list, Benes. Or maybe just an era, but an adieu. Ager to and South America still only one. Probably in the perigway. This is Neil Rott's essential. My genus is 5. 16, 18, 18, 18. David's a bitch. I'll see here. I ain't got my set hold. I get the perigoy. I'll get the two to the top of the door. Hold with a cute1 coatM Boom, gob Poison, Goboogi, Doboy, Doboy. Forwarding... Forwarding saved Ozеля We will never go anyision Uncle Mojnaps lost its time Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! BV 5.4 out of 10 and it's better than that. And then of course the first review here it gives it 10 out of 10. Great acting by Roth Stagger. And Roth Stagger ran will be which he's mostly bald at this point, which I guess he was last 40 years of his life. And he looks if he don't look like old chicken neck, Boka Brian would like it's just amazing. Just watch the movie and you'll see hey that's chicken neck. You never seen it though. No. I'm going to recall it. It really sounds familiar. I mean, it's a set of that too, too boy. You might have a very strange, you may have a stash away some time there or just watch my story. I'm married. I don't have much to do. No comments that you want to do. Right. The man suspected of killing 60-year-old John Bene kept children at a home daycare center. He operated Northwest Alabama. The stay-well for agency said, hey, Hamlet for the Alabama. Oh, that sounds like you're kind of place. If you love North Carolina, you're going to love Hamilton, Alabama. Ever driven through Alabama? No, can't say that it has. I have real fans. I've been there. I don't think I'm too out of the way. I miss it. Simply in the pan handle. I got a handle on it. The American County Department of Human Resources issued a license for John Mark Carter being out for any daycare out of his role home in June 97. Said John Bradford is, folks in with the Alabama Department of Human Resources. He said the sheriff's department conducted a background check before license was issued. No problems were founded. Carter didn't receive any complaints before the two of us in the Sparrow 99. We do know he kept children, but it's really hard to get a handle on the number he said. It's kind of hard to get a handle on the children. Car 41, about a meat, but a boat he was living with his X5 and Hamilton to time and a murder. Car who was working as a teacher was a rest of we know that. He was a great but a meat, but a boat, anything. So he had a daycare center in Hamilton, Alabama. Just a little piece of the puzzle. All you charlotte homes is out there. All you detectives trying to put this together. Is that what they do? Yes, they are. I ran my matchman this time. I'm watching her as lectures by Norman Chomsky now. That would be a real intellectual fact, but I'll send those to you those videos. I'm going to get those. And also the neighbor with Rod Stagger. How you like that? I think I should like the neighbor. Is that right? I'll let you know. Anybody get naked? Is it like Linda Kodlowski? I don't remember. I know he has a like spread eagle out there. He's trying to get a killer baby. I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I don't, I don't. Why he's trying to kill her baby, okay? He's got this anti-baby thing, man. He's got a problem with that because he was in love with his mama and mama died. I say mama said there'd be gays like days like that. A well-known national handwriting expert said Monday he is 99.9% certain that John Mark Carr wrote the ransom note found her to see the job and ran Ramsey's body. Oh my God. Most guys are writing the fence to Kurt Baggett. Hey Kurt Baggett, the Texas Space Co-Fot or the School of Forensic Document Examination, I want to be really the Jack Baggett Junior. But they're released a dozen traits that match up perfectly when comparing a high school year book signed by a car in the ransom note and Lisa does entraights that match up perfectly. Did you hear that? I heard some of those traits are fairly common. Others are rare. He said there are so many similarries that it pushes the house up into seven digits. To put another way Baggett said the chances are a million to one that somebody other than Carr wrote the ransom note. Did you give that? I got a SBTC LOS MOL. What is it? Lucky strike MFC means find a back home. Let's start tying some cigarettes by. That'll pursue everybody off for a new force in Salem. So I got spring forest man. Anyway the issue of handwriting could be critical if DNA evidence in the 10 year old case crews in conclusive or might what might most connect the killer of the scene is the ransom note. Other restaurants are less certain and Baggett about the news origin and they expect competing testimony should the case ever go to trial. Handwriting expert Peggy Walla also from Texas. I've actually seen from Walla Walla said the issue is burning up the internet as experts write back in four. I wonder if he knows David Savile? Because remember what the witch doctor said? Ting Ting Walla Walla Bing Bing. Remember that? Coming right up? You got the witch doctor by David Savile. I'm Liberty My Prince. And you know who else was that? Liberty My Prince speaking of John Mark Harden as attorneys? Patience Prudent. I don't know how to witch doctor. I want to start with those two like I mean those two lady lawyers. I know that one of them was his attorney in 2001. You see that? Yes. I don't know whether it was Patience or Prudence. There are groups that are working on this internationally. She said meaning handwriting is first we have little arguments like no I don't see this either to see that. Walla said she studied under Baggett that he's regarded as one of the nation's top handwriting authorities. He said he's provided expert testimony in court cases in all 50 states. Moreover police almost immediately suspected John and Patience Ramsey. I'll be out there. Experts ruled out Ramsey is the writer of the note but some questions are made concerning Patience because of the handwriting. Remember that? They thought it was her handwriting. But she was just a Patience. Lining up behind Baggett in his assessment is his son Bart Bart Baggett, who was president of hand writing university and organization that trades and certificates hand writing experts. Is that a great name? Bart Baggett. There are a lot of similarities Bart Baggett's system is office in light quite a few actually significant similarities. When I saw the ear book he says it was shocking it was wow. The similarities are more than just a chance in your pants. I would definitely lean toward carving me off through this note. Still, he said he'd like to see a ridges a lot more samples from Carby for a sticking you said out too far. Like a turtle. Like an unsurcom sized Latin American. We do most of our business by fact. He said usually you can tell but in this case it's so much way not it would be great to get more samples. So what does that tell us? It tells us that the most the most the well-believe guy. What's the guy name Jack Baggett you and you heard Baggett? He says the chances are I mean so closely sure what kind of a science it is Huh if the one guy says chances are a million or one that could be somebody else and then the other people are saying well But I beat but I would buy you know like that right just like that God how are we doing on our survey by the way 12001234 the have you ever seen that number on there before? Take a look at it now we read it and we look at now One two three four talk 30 you don't have that I want to tonight get out of here. We've been really rushing What do you a Slow connection Obviously one two three five Ah, you missed it. I did got his punishment for any Mexicans man Prince Creep for all those disgusting things you said about Mexicans I can't believe it. I hope that the Mexican American foundation comes there and peace on your tortillas You know something that taco things sounds really good again. I'm not having more than positive Where are you usually when you listen to the you robbed your show either at home or online or on the air or in the air Broward three or 65 date 289 there's not that much of a disparity there is we used to think right We used to be all the whole audiences in the rower right everybody listen this show isn't we got a few people in date If you date heads Palm Beach 20 or 169 why but to the Sun Sentence proud of that because they're obsessed with Palm Beach It's supposed to be a brown county newspaper, but all in or from his Palm Beach this in Palm Beach said and by the way Sun sent all the hate to in Palm Beach. They like the post Florida outside of the s3 a tric county 152 Maybe we got some people in Monroe County if they It's possible The here it they can hear on the air bounce. I'm yesterday when we were on that key west station The one that we're the tower falling down those with the day now a silo demon. I was cost broadcasting for it We're gonna really give you some real real shot in the arm the El Samero promotion or Simon casting your show on a key West station now there is a little problem that there was a big storm there and the tower is laying in a prone position flat on the ground So nobody can hear it but boy it's gonna be great when you're I'll be the best in key west USA outside of Florida 128 I don't listen 43 they just to choose on our website vote on a poll and generally are nuisance In our space 37 I hate this pool 15 10 of the 10 which means me and nine Europe six All right Maybe they're listening on that in the in the internet cafe in the damrack only there's no speakers there Like that on the damrack you ever been in that danna square not lately well why don't you go to Amsterdam get off your ass before you're crow Mexico 5 John listen if Josh gonna for that HD based queen TV you can afford to take you guys to Amsterdam for you'll be safe about it. That's Me or maybe I'll take it a little reason to Bronx Mexico 5 Africa 4 oh that that is amazing Central America 4 I bet you were big in a Honduras man you think it's cool. It's in Costa Rica Maybe someone I'm a perverts center Costa Rica listening I'll stride you to two in the Middle East A juvenile Gentile obviously age it to South America one in New Zealand on so far everything on the Middle East is out here at least one Jew at least one Gentile It's the bond to two L.A. Hi V I'm Hold the One of the cops says that alcohol I sell when they'll answer yes I'm kind of drunk I guess That's when I had to take a breathalyzer You What you know People what point one two That's when you stopped and asked the cop or you would you because if you are a Jew I don't think I like you It's for half the ride idea in 1932 I'm always You'll check into rehab If you want some ride dairy we'll have to call a cab Hey Okay, 103 or 56 the WDQM 1249 have checked in there on our survey we can get to that 13-hender by one o'clock That'll put a real feather in our crap on it sure one of great that'll be outstanding and it is mild like like he strike means find a backo How about those cancers to excamils I'd walk a mile for a camel would you No Cars mother tried to kill him family for instance. Oh, I'm speaking a John Mark car Answer of the bolder DA and that was for that Oh, and you wonder why the public is better than saw to us than we're than a box of rocks. Oh Jesus the mother of the suspect in somebody rams He's murder trial tried to kill him when he was only a baby a family friend told ABC news and I see that I didn't By the way, thanks very much to whoever said we did information about because I'm not Completed or liter like I should be about out of print out the stories without losing the right margin there on the landscape instead of portrait thing Because I've done many of the stories that way including the Robert Fistland they so I could read the story This one I forgot to do that. Oh, I really frost my well internet score is the Andy Christ Yes, it is and I go on fire fox and I have the option of portrait or landscape and if you want the landscape link on the landscape one Well, what the my here we go my answer with my our landscape again just because I saw that thing on my favorite crying On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach Landscape became an elder statesman living legend the most highest views in the world of Miami Beach I go hold you as people to me God is everything Even God wasn't close to my alleged So they saw my alleged if we get about God deep was God used to wish you to follow him look If you worked on this feat it was talk about how slow he worked how fast that he have a dog a cow a host that he said Don't get up but type once I were in a slow deli Down in Miami Beach and he's two young boys come over. Yeah, I'm a cuz I never kind of look at my grandpa And I was kind of standing in the background and they came up with some of the show last you we did We'd like to get your autograph and you kind of look down seriously No, my grand because what I do when I can't am your award and And so what we figured to be worth some money some of the rest of my skinny He said no, I don't sign out of grab I don't sign out of grab now. What's never one of his like kids or grandkids? Somebody got shot in the Ford Years ago in the Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford's restaurant on the beach, you know the place where they have those Potatoes that they heat up in a microwave at 600 degrees anyway John cars mother Patricia Elaine and Koch I wonder if he's gonna Joe and talk and he's to play for the brave first base and was later a manager Made a big round donut of Kindling and put him in the middle of it said George Maccarious 76 who said he's known Tarris father Westerford car for 40 years. She made a big round donut of Kindling and stuck in the middle Oh, we could play burning what's that Elvis sound burning love sure You got it. I got it here somewhere right up. She just boxed a little baby in and tried the light She boxed it like in harness race. You man. She boxed them on the inside and wouldn't let him out I bet you dickford's time to remember those days Here he goes a burning love man. He had a pretty love for John Martin's car. Oh, and I would it's such a good talk of their food What does Jackass mean? Show them you I Jackass nothing here at they don't know they're not the experts like we are Forget about Elvis is still dead by the way. He had two dolls and what was the other thing in his system Do it the lot for it all for all That's what the earlier when you were out of the room and I said Josh said that you were taking a quadro See and talk was later committed to a mental. I don't want to see it to a mental institution Oh, oh His mother was committed to a mental institution Be very wary of people whose mothers were committed to a mental institution. You know Sam What if their mother she would have died in 2000 when no bitch were in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette attempts by ABC News to reach immediate members of the car family were unsuccessful Let me say it again on successful Maccharay told ABC News he was speaking independently while he's been a close friend and confident on a boyfriend car for four decades Maccharay said he hasn't spoken to us since news broke last week of John's apparent confession You're out of here. I'm doing this because I love John and I love the family I want people to know that while he certainly has some serious problems John is a good human being and with a human being and nobody but me coming right up and I love him and I'll stand by him Maccharay said They've used that record a more TV spot probably than any other song nobody but me There's no Amherma records baby and that's where it's man. Nobody We should again Nobody but me In a series of exclusives to you from the time he's rather tried to kill him He's been out and out pernored that somebody is going to try to kill him or take advantage of him In a series of exclusive interviews over two days Maccharay painted an enigmatic portrait of a brilliant and amiable what troubled young man Whose romantic relationships and fixations were explosive for the first life was about five days over a hemerator Yes, yeah She said, but who's gonna feed us who is an important that's bad to a splurses rock bomb recycling plan Yeah, in Doi line Luzian Bomb replicates for so as far as we know or you know a bomb zoom. I'm sure they explode. You know what these did they explode? Yeah, I was near campman and that's interstate 20 US 80 Roy one with the Anna once right after a room from grandma walk. We'll keep our eye on this situation for you and keep you updated Isn't that what Reverend Kennedy's got up there a corber just a boy line? Anyway, only one more now. I'm gonna move on. I don't want to spend like hours and hours of this because if you if you want to hear all the crap All look at that best press it could is gonna release those 12-minute Where they there were just checking out who had the best cell phone that's all who had the best heavier and who had the best cell phone You see that's especially had the other night about the Indian guys that leave Canada and they go to India to Mary these rich To get the dowry they may know a rich families and then they dumped the broad they come back here without or what if they're one Good scan and of course we know about the Indian women if they if their family is poor Can't afford a big dowry But I'm being that's it. I thought you said fire to the bitch instead you put her you surround them with kindling and you create a burning love Now let's see the Indians there's sick That's where I some of the smell like that like that curry powder Sick and Hindu and the some Muslim of course of course. I got a billion people are now right? I guess I'm in pain lately. Oh, you better start doing your India homework man There's some really hot Indian people. I'm telling you right now. Are there? There are well, that's that curry powder man. I'm actually a skin just boil. You get a burning love You see you don't you don't know how many Indians you guys I'm talking about not American Indians. I'm talking about India Indian not Here we go. Let's go. Oh We got all kinds of Indians here Indians packies all kinds of turban heads towel heads rag heads schmatah heads King ton array was just 12 years old when she met John Mark. I've seen that blunt. You've seen her on all over the two Yeah, you The 41 year old but then a year against her parents was she and card then 19 were murdered He was 19 she was 12 actually when they got married she was 13 already So when you begin all set about right right today She talked about her as husband and exclusive a new on good morning America This is yesterday Race since you met Tardaparty and Hamilton, Alabama See that's where he was with his daycare center and he proceeded this seducer is parents Melissa and Larry shots So they were opposed to the marriage. I wonder if he's related to the doctor Fred shots or maybe just the whiskey shot The couple had a lengthy battle with raised parents over the relationship According to raise parents Carbicaine more defensive and threatening if they continued to oppose the couples plans and Race had Carbicaine a different person after they were murdered. I believe he loved me. She said he loved me But her marriage to Carbicaine last in less than a year and that's kind of like the the what's the call the The broad out there at the 7 11 But my bride oh Yeah, that's it but her marriage to Carbicaine last in less than a year that year according to rate was a two mulch Just one I was drugged and things were done to me without me having any ideas It rate who's now married with a four-year-old child All fixed fixed the serialization man. I'm trying to get the only hope for the human race starting in trailer parks In 1985 after nine months of marriage ray filed for Ananolman complaining in court that court records. She was fearful for her life and safety. She's kind of cute actually Have you seen yeah, that's all right. I'll wait for and response filed with what would be the first time for either one In response filed with the court car contested raise age saying she was in fact 14 A judge later granted the enrollment Carly to marry the second time to Lara Car who was 16 when their twin daughters died the day they were born September first even and let me say it again And on these stories I heard it in one place only that they talked about the fact that he delivered them at home The twin daughters okay and their last words were Probably in a slightly higher register maybe that was Barbara Star or Hank who just said that you know This really something I'm dying on the hand when he used to go that guy did die one of our colors from my O. D And then somebody called him to report that he died. Don't be sense of like that cuz then you might have died Where you're also told good morning America the car frequently talked about young girls He had fantasies about little girls who would talk to me about car away sex edition from California to Colorado Face first to be murdered charge and kidnapping charges for the Ramsey sling and addition to the first to be murdered the counts against car And a sealed probable cause of rest-borne occlude Friendly murder first of me kidnapping second of me kidnapping sexual assault on the child and having a pear shape How do you like that? I don't know the last parts true Roger action Fans 2006 2 a.m. Mercedes Ben's grand slamming contest But Marla's player is a grand slamming up 15 You could win a two year league of a Mercedes Ben's seat in 30 for more information and to enter Logo to wq and dot com today the 2016 Mercedes Ben's grand slamming contest Or go to your five six game to a.m. If there's a butt I smell it And I like to play It's a worst life It's a I like that San Jackson What can you do Like to play I take out a plane I take it I think I've been the same Well 40 I think I said 1270 because we got caught What? WGVH and even the or 1240 on a.m. I don't wonder if it's still on the air must be I just do it One nineteen a QI. I'm not seeing the short about how Apple is recalling eight Trillion computers here because the batteries are affected and they're going to blow up in your face It does not use these batteries and does not anticipate any recall of its own But as far as Sony's own laptops are concerned the company is not announced a recall of that product at least not yet Well thank god for that Apple says Sony a lithium ion batteries could catch fire Oh my god It could become a I like this thing here You know what else I like I like the fact that I didn't take any I never even came close to thinking about taking a call today I shut the monitor off before we started and you know what else I'm taking because I've been doing this all summer long Once I come back on full time I'm Monday nine eleven Hmm Coincidence Monday nine eleven right I don't know if I'm going to take any more calls. Oh no that would be Tragedy now yeah when I take a day off our on vacation That'll be the opportunity for all of those people who are just Yeah, to I have no life share with you all the stuff and then we're probably a lot more facts is that way too In fact I just heard you hear that beep right I just said that my machine mine my good facts my machine at least one of them I was gonna have a spare and that's whatever to have you dissiming there Or else maybe so add facts which have demo but not me We don't want to see what it is. Oh, it says something you sent me. I told him Thought this was a good time to check in due to these pool topics just moved to Greensboro North Carolina all I'm so sorry And it've been an 18 year-less senior show thanks God Who's this from does it have a name on it then have a name on it. Oh Christiana First thing I did last week there was to invite the internet sounds great. Oh, thanks God for that I'm trying to convert somebody to Hillbillies in the Nilees if I if they hand the internet PSR I got George in trouble a few years ago when I facts the bold picture of Mole Oh, no thank you for the ball picture of Mole and by the way no Mole no more Crow and no more Joe and who else? But instead we got Bow and Kenna Kenney and both see Kenny that is in his name Who can put Joe Bell on here with the bow Joe and Bow you like that in fact? Didn't we once have a show called the Joe and Bow show Yeah, we did Five sixty W. You a reasons of Joe and Bow Joe but they didn't get along so I guess that's not a good idea So thanks a lot Christiana Christiana or Christiana I'm on tour and see it in by the way Isn't the hysteria business the fair mongering business they had a two hour special last night instead of your buddy Uh, something about Osama Osama Yamama and and then they after that they finished another hour of terror and fear and they're going to come The book you man's going to get you look under the bed before you go to sleep tonight So I was sure we disagreed with Norm Tromsky is bringing the z-us about that one point because the kids asked him about you know How does how did the government control the media and he said that they don't oh surprise Of course that was in March of 2002. I guess we've all heard a lot since then, you know He's intimidating you know, I mean, but but he's not he's not like who is the jackass that was on at Pimeon series outer space what that was his name Carl Sagan oh Who spoke like he had a good yeah, he spoke like he had that a good BM like 50 years, you know, like Richard Quest. Oh, he's dead now So who was your quest? Oh, we can only pray all the please please call me in the middle of the night if you find out any whatever it happens I want to be the first to know when old donkey puts a croaks Richard Quest Anyway, like I started to say do like this story For this year's crop of college freshman Starbucks has always been around the corner America's funniest Some videos has always been on TV and men named George Bush have been present for more than half their lives Born in 1987 the freshman attending their first college lectures around the country of this term grew up with paperview TV and voice mail on their phones 30 dancing at school primes and the U.S. is the only superpower Oh, no, we got some other boochers out there. Of course. They're all like satellites of the US. You know like Israel and Turkey and like Sodomy is to be puppets of the US boochers slobberers those is some of the cultural landmarks on the bullet call is mindsetless not what I just said But I read before and any of a compilation that offers a glimpse of the world view of each incoming class rhymes with ass You know, we can say yes. I think you had a remind me in fact I've one bit we just played about asked on a plane ass Okay, get your ass on a plane and have a good flight the list was really yesterday by the private school boy Colleagues and bullet was constant school of 1200 in the southern Wisconsin city the class of 2009 is never known Andy Warhol Seems you may swagger at preach on TV or watch their senior hall. Oh, that's how lucky they are Jimmy Carter. That's just another name people sure around said Abby Angabos 18 who was going through orientation to the School's 48th campus Technologically savvy the students were up with home computers digital cameras. I'm gonna have to get mine I'm gonna have to start using mine. Send you some pictures. Please and souped up car stereos Table TV has always been powerful those word lines between isn't entertainment you see the chair that the GM is bringing the camera all back Did you see that no the new muscle cars man the new camera always come over really good huh? That's hope it looks good because you know they don't always it does look good It looks like I seen it. Okay, not not like a real one, but I see them TV like most of the men in this class Joe Aaron Brack 18 of Pella Iowa admitted he didn't know how to tie a tie he doesn't even own one. Oh, and you know who they took Recording but someone was there to help me Guy could got my claim in the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving Oh Little Richard man, he been asked how does he 100 always 200 easy now what's that was I just saying something very important before I knew up there with that spot The list reminds older generations. Oh, I was gonna say about Tucker Carlson Now, who's just Tucker no more Carlson just Tucker and MSNBC and no more Bo tie either and he still has Jack Anthony still sucks And he shows still a bomb and not the bomb, but a bomb and it's gonna be awesome What are you thinking Dan Abrams you idiot you lunatic? I think Dan Abrams must be on the payroll at CNN The list reminds what the generations what's happened last 18 years in Amesate UK professors about the lives of the young students at Tom McBride a humanities professor at Bo White who's compiled the list for seven years it reminds them that if they're gonna teach Watergate they have to explain what it is for she said that's right how many people out there you think know who Chup Colson is or John Dean or a John Erlickman Erlickman Mitchell Hall of Men and Dean huh? What's actually still had that record somewhere? There's a song called Hall of Men Erlickman Mitchell and Dean. It was great Anyway Ron Neef the school's director of public affairs well and the list said it has practical uses branches of the armed forces and churches have used it in training young officers and ministers It is a window in their lives, and you've said emphasizing the list is not meant to be a chronology of events Lizzy star wasly mass had one listing really hit home for her that boss has been working on the big big road construction project Her entire life the 18 year old said she used to take the bus to the airport to avoid driving through the city I've been to Logan airport. It's a dumb. Okay As for Starbucks, David Nure is long as I can Remember she ever had a house in his page as long as I can remember said leave a null 17th same poem in the soda Who drank her first frappuccino in the seventh grade? You think I wanted to cope before I get my first frappuccino? I don't think they got him would like died. You know I can't do it. They should they do? They do yes. That's what I have they have low car frappuccino get out of here in Starbucks Telling you that I'm gonna be one today. Are you proper? I'm not lying. I'm lying. The sugar freeze that doesn't mean that there might be not be something else And there's a check like ask check your ass before you know there's lots of ingredients in there like I don't know like which cream Does that have sugar in it? Of course well it has whipped cream. Yeah, so then what's the point? I would like low cow don't order with whipped cream. That's like no sugar added ice cream You ever seen that in the supermarket no sugar added and then you look at the list carbohydrates 744,000 grams What's the point? Who are you kidding man instead of worried about stuff like that go to stovies and put a big fat one in your post Stovies continues to be south of this top cigar shaft with one of the broadest of biggest and most unmancipal inventory is Continuing and outstanding unmancipal selection of the top net or they got over a thousand open boxes of great cigars like per domeau Asked NV SG are thorough for when they put your own money crystal Romney one Julieta and lots more like you used to say the old copy Julie Nta on you yenthisateh they get a Romney on Julie Nta and not only they got the top names, but they've also got Special hard to find Stovies and obscure cigars that she just won't find in every 711 by your premium cigars for the price of seconds And stay a while enjoy a smooth smoke as Stovies line lounge featuring peer on Ray a hundred percent pin on war and left of other fine wines From around the world try to wine Stovies you'll fight a 116 12 North candle drab just to have mouth easy days at 20 up the turn-fike open every day seven days away for your smoking and Dining pleasure Resurve your favorites of Garza Stovies 305 5 9 8 9 8 20 I think that that That thing about restaurants with cigar bar. I think that that thing is a past anyway I don't know was very popular for a short time like that restaurant I think the sponsor only went out of business because people couldn't stand get these boys that one Stovies call 305 5 9 8 98 20 when you stop into the shop Be sure and say hi to everyone the girls sand rent Heather. They'll give you a free one and a free cigar too That's so easy 11 16 12 North candle drive in Kendall Floridian dumb as dirt Back in the day where someone done a strong But we didn't take their crap in for a harbor The judge dropped their bombs We found them bad and now the studies is made in a side and on our hearts are little black At that's all new loving Retired voice of honors the wrong way And other barriers to be in America Where they follow those like cheese You died times a final Free Apparement Tonic M What's a supplies stop living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna be more gas. It's like greatest country in the world. They train us to believe and anyone who says that The service. And God and зарос who be an america where we take three hours in place where the flag is winged with us and died at the time. And us, or from God come forth to us. Your name is Oystians between our przedsiębiorities to look close to us. five everything's okay. Two S.A.E. The United States people are checked in on today's pool. We're going to make that 13. How many difference the last 10 thing we do? We've criticized the way till 245 for us to get done. But he won't. Where are you usually when you listen to the Roger Show on a radio or on the internet? It's course they get on a radio. We don't really care that much, right? Right. The Howard 386, 386, day 299. So not that much of a difference, right? And through that goes to show you, there's at least 299 people in day counting who's speaking of the show you this. Is Josh still got a cup of ATIC? No, two. Tom Beach, 178. That's pretty heavy duty. There must be all in Boko when you think. Hello, Tom. Point in Beach? Sure. Delray Beach. Like work. Oh God. Floor outside the day, Howard, and Palm Beach, 155. USA outside of Florida, 100 and 388 aren't they lucky? I don't listen 44. I'm an outer space 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. I'm under there. I'm too tow. Maybe they're on your in-is. I hate this pool. 15. Canada 10. Europe. Who is saying that to me today, Bob? They don't. I don't know that. Somebody said, well, good friend of yours. Who is up here recently? He said, I don't see them sitting in that anything. Of course, no, no. How's it going, eight? They all say that. Europe 6, Africa 5, Mexico 5, Central America 4, Australia 2. Down under Middle East 2, Asia 2, New Zealand and South America, each have one. How do you like that, New Zealand? Because somebody in New Zealand, man. All right. I was going. 1298. That's really great. Next time, I refresh it. I bet it's 1300. I refresh it. And it's 1302. That's great. Josh is pretty proud of that. And if he wouldn't have been trying to say, I'd take for four hours. We probably have 14. Bob, that. Now, again, back to the college in Australia, that they did about these punks. I mean, these kids, these college students. See, that's what happens when you get old. You know a lot of stuff. Most of it's useless and worthless. And you wish you were 20 again, but nevertheless, you can't have everything, right? So, least you know a lot of crap. According to the bullet college mindset list for college freshman board in 1987. See, I can't even believe that there isn't anybody born in 1987. Of course, for John Markard, that's like, you know, two old. Liberachi, Jackie Gleason, Lee Marvin, have always been dead. And away, they go. Heart long transplants have always been possible. Wayne Gritzky, old needle nose, never played for Edmonton. Iran and Iraq have never been at war with each other. They're more familiar with Greg Villmple and with Brian Cumble. Well, big deal. Voice mail has always been available. Whatever is not part of a question. They're not cute. What exactly? They've always had the right to burn the flag. You see, that's true about the teacher? Yeah, that's sort. I don't even want to talk about it. I know. What's making a big similar to this first? He's trying to make a point about free speech to a student, and he burned the flag in a waist mask in the classroom. And right away, but I mean, I don't want to ask, grow all you crazy people. Okay, idiots. Peace out. Peace out. Cloth. How about a doily? See, a doily you can't burn because it makes it for good hit head gear. If you don't want to wear a Yamaka or a, any kind of another skull cap, put a doily on your head. Sure. Nice, Lee. See, what yeah. All you parents out there that want to make your ridicule, your subject, your kids to ridicule and make them look like idiots. Put a doily on their head and sit them out to school. Do you want off grandma's couch? Yeah. They've always had the right to burn their flag. Bill Gates has always been worth at least a billion dollars. Oh, I got a grant. I never get to it though about Bill Gates. Another one of those stories. Remember the other one I had before about Bill Gates and a war in Buffett, right? I never get to on our website by Sheldon Dropney. Common dreams that are I'll never get to it today. Why me on Tuesday? Maybe I'll keep it in my pile. It's worth talking about again. Not what it seems to be. Nothing like good tax breaks, you know? The Starship Enterprise has always looked dated. Lee, Missouri, was always been on stage. Or is that less miserable? Well, as a kid, I used to call it that. Less miserable. Victor, you go. Boy, Snowboarding's always been popular with her pastime. They don't remember a kinder in gentler nation. Or less for damn sure. They never. And was that the same George Worst at bomb liquorobware like to pieces and kill all those people? That's the one. Oh, Bush one. Thousand points of light. They never saw the, yeah, a thousand points of light. Of course, he's good buddies with the Saudis, man. Like that article, uh, I read by Norman Tromsky said. The Saudis are the exception because they are our buddies, man. They're okay. They're the good, ragheads. They never saw the shuttle challenge or fly. Black Americans have always been known as African Americans. Tom, my lifetime. They were known as other things. Tom Langley never coached the cowboy. That's, and probably, Rodgers, stop back in Danny White and never quarterback the cowboy. He's either, I'm sure. I'm actually just going to remember Rodgers, stop back. Is that like some kind of a joke or good navy guy? Well, what do you mean is some kind of a joke? You weren't born when he was playing for the cowboy. He's heard of him. No, but, you know, what about Danny White? No, I don't know Danny White. Get outta here. He followed Rodgers still back. No, no, no, Danny White. I thought he was your stop back was great, you know. Danny White was in a fine man and he could play too. The field of dreams has always been drawing people to Iowa. They never saw Howard Johnson's with 28 ice cream flavors and lined his ears always been a Concernment of woods. Huh? Yeah, that last one kind of leaves me speechless. For college freshman born 87, lined his ears always, but I see. So in other words, no, that's true man. I mean, you'll give him, but he was eating all him trees all at bark. Yes, barking up the wrong tree. He wasn't worried about lime disease. I mean, but foster was worried about lime time. That's certainly not about lime disease. Why don't they go to get those slots going? How come we were, I had the Fred Grimm story. How long ago was that? That was days ago, right? See, if we started the crossover with the hump or we could discuss that with him. Of course, he's not on the morning anymore. Like that set of cull we had on Tuesday. What happened to the crossover with Hank? Hank don't do mornings anymore. Okay, starting next Monday, he's going to be back to 4 to 7 million new, including the most expensive hour and so forth in a talk video, 4 to 5 cross a dress with mad dog. I don't even like that. All right. Yeah. Now, we got big billboards up all around town. Where's the QM promotion, baby? Let's put the promotion in the basket and it'd be for they put us in the basket. Joyce, if this place was more, if they put our best feet forward in like you on a sand instead of always, oh, you can't do that. Remember the door bells and you can't do this sit down. Come right up. I don't goville. I don't goville. I don't goville. I don't goville. That was original. Fill up church combo. Back when you go into windies and ask for the fill up church combo. Go through your ass out. 1318 on the assurvey, including three are usually going to be there. That's a little bit of a little bit. What was this? Do you want me to eat a lot of them? No, it ain't. All this ready? No. Chuck Berry. So much Chuck Berry is so hard to eat. So that's how much Chuck Berry has to eat. It does, but they all do. Oh, give you another hint. But it's the same group. We're a crazy person or what? We're a crazy person. We're a crazy person. The electors. Oh, I'm almost in Oland. Yeah, you're supposed to know that. You're supposed to know that out of here. Do you have crazy person or what? This is Neil Rogers. Whatever. This is 516. What's all this? CD, chopper. The OCD crew is up against another tight deadline. Things were going really slowly on the national institute of mental health bike. Seems like everything was going wrong. Oh, hey, Paulie, you got a little oil on the earth. Rock me over there. Oh, Billy, no. No, no. It's okay. I'll just wipe it up. Hey, hey, where are you going? I've got to go watch my hand. One, two, three. And pump wasn't helping things either. I got to make sure the gas tank fits on the frame. You're already checked it. Well, I'm going to check it again. But you already checked it. I got to check it again. But you already checked it. Hey, Paulie. No, why don't you go watch your hands and leave me alone? And I'm dirty. Oh, no. No, no, no. One. When it comes to building custom bikes. And every single other thing you can imagine, the tunnels are of set on American OCD. Shabbard. 147, speaking of airzots, you know, this Katrina survivor from Louisiana that they've been pouring around this rocky Vaccarilla, praising bush and a wonderful job. And went ahead and went and had dinner with bush and met him in the lighthouse. And then was had this incident, if he would have written a name for our website for tomorrow. So it's total airzots, total phony. He's a Republican candidate, a bush supporter and a whole thing is all BS. I see. Just another referral off. Just another line. But then what's one more. Speaking of liars and BS artists, you, Lieberman, who's seeking to return to the West and as an independent after losing his bid for renomination by the Democratic Party Connecticut, is campaigning today with two Republicans in Connecticut. Do you want to just say campaigning with two Republicans in Connecticut? A message was posted last night as the blog of Democratic children at Le Mans, indicating that Lieberman is campaigning. They were Republican Governor Jody Weld and Republican Congressman Rob Simons both of whom were up for reelection. Covered by the associated press refers to the event as a strategy session to keep the base, the military base in Grotten, off the list of military facilities facing closure. Well, at least this little more honest anyway. What a piece of turd that is, man. And the new poll by the way, short of a lot of two points behind Lieberman, and the latest poll just came out in the three way race. You go there and you're a Republican candidate this guy who's the car counter? Yeah, the car counter, that guy, the gambler. Oh, guess what movie was on last night? This had nothing to do with my decision not to go to woodbind anymore, but it had to do with just enjoying the movie because it was a Toronto one movie. Oh, that gambling movie with the handling would be the movie. We wouldn't feel it if we see more Hoffman, right? Good movie. What is that called? Yeah, exactly. It was on the last time. It's still good. Anyway, I got some anti Walmart craper that you love. They was rifle in the Madison Capital Times in Wisconsin says, I figured something was up with Andrew Young, the former UN ambassador in Mayra, but Atlanta, when he came to Chicago a few weeks ago to fight the city council's plan, to require big botched doors like Walmart to pay workers and minimum of 10 bucks an hour by the year 2010. Council members didn't think the city should subsidize them, so often happens somewhere because of an adequate health insurance and other benefits. Mayra, Richard Daily, however, is expected to veto the ordinance any day now anyway. So how come we got with young credentials on the other side? I have to admit I missed the announcement, but some time last year Andrew Young became the chairman of an organization called Working Families for Walmart for much of his on the other day. The group was created and financed by the Arkansas based young when it decided to take a more proactive role in troubling its own story, taking on its long-listed detractors, and what better figure had been a man with angry young credentials. Well, the one time civil rights icon is now stepped down from his new role. He just went to Ted overboard for the world's largest retailer, but in interview with the LA newspaper he declared that ethnic moms and pops of and ripping off poor folks for generations. You see, those are the people who have been overtarging us, you said, of the small or small store owners, and they sold out moved to Florida. I think they ripped us off. Andy Young is a genuine civil rights hero going all the way back to the founding of the movement in the late 50s, early 60s. He was a favorite of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. I was with him today, he was assassinated in Memphis. He became a champion of working people during his two terms in Congress from Georgia and this may have had lander. So it was strange it seemed to me that young now 74 would turn out proclaiming it would be unfair for a city to require Walmart to pay $10 in our wages in least $3,000 in our benefits like healthcare, if it's sort of the plants to build some of Chicago's low income neighborhoods. Young declared that such a city ordinance would change Walmart out of town hence jobs would be lost for some of those low income folks in those neighborhoods. A large majority of the council bought a disagreeing thinking that a $10 dollar salary for some four years from now is at the least respect from a corporate giant. We signed while the city wants the companies, what is it? I can't do some more dismissing here. First it was Jews then it was Koreans and out of Arabs what he said. Ripping off the dark folks, that's what Andy Young said. First it was Jews then the Koreans now the Arabs. A Walmart store in the hood apparently would solve the problem with these weed little guys. The interview naturally caused the Jews out crying embarrassed Young quickly quit the Walmart gig and it is credit issued in the apology. That's against everything I ever thought in my life he said never should have been said and then it says that's what happens when good people sell their souls. If you want to be happy for the rest of your life, make it ugly woman your wife. That's what Jimmy sold said. Now what he said Jimmy sold? I'll let you know to me. Now who did that if you want to be happy? Now Herman McKay and remember the Walmart advocacy group working families for Walmart is under fire. For a college and parents from a different class, it has a lot of gorilla. In fact, the John Kerry wrote them in hand. Is that Jimmy sold? Jimmy sold. Kian and African American business man are radio show host yesterday posted a comment to the opinion website. And which he tagged potential 2008 Democratic presidential candidates including Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden's Hezbo Crest determined to take down Walmart. Kian used the expression Hezbo Crest a dozen times throughout the column. And like I said, John Kerry ripped him an ass. A union supported activist group wake up Walmart called on Walmart to press release date to denounce Kian. And it's association with the cadre of right wing operatives that currently employs. I'm really made up name of working families for Walmart working families for Walmart. My ass. 1. 1. 53 at 5. 60 WQM Gold Baptist School can be a little rough on the kids in a good night's sleep as critical for the development of a healthy mind. If your kids are having trouble adjusting the school night bedtime, maybe it's their mattress. Get them a really good mattress. They can sleep into all kinds of fun stuff on. All dial-emakers toll free at 1.800 mattress. They can recommend a mattress for kids of any age. Have a new bed delivered to the eight and time. We choose any day of the week. Seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. You put the two hour window and they'll be there on time. 99.99% of the time. They can even deliver your mattress to the same day that's called. That's why they're rated number one in the world and customers have a selection of news and free years. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Get the absolute best selection of ceiling. Serve a Simmons King Quill. Tempered experience in foster all that unbeatable prices. In fact, check for low prices online at mattress.com or call dial-emakers toll free right now. 1-800 mattress. They'll be knocking on your door before you can say, Oh, girl, these on again. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the less, as because it stands for squeaky. This is real Rogers. This is 5.62. It's day old. My auntie, tell me. I have 5.62. WQA. I'm going to tell you, guys, how are you? I'm going to tell you, how are you? I'm your father! I'm taking a ball on steroids. Yes, it makes them be insuetty. I know I think I'm a hair for all funnels. I think they're sweaty, obviously better than a bow. It is true at a 7-connage in the middle east. And I'm a Jew but okay. It's not as much related as that. Right, clear and clear and be set to the end. And this year I mean 15th of January and I 11th, I'm proud to say that I was right here on the EF, keep it all your sub-tated under Hoormy Tane. And the side of the deck was after they were very bad to the shame, even worse than what happened to Ward Bond, or getting in the U.S. Bond. Here on James Bond, well, then it's taking you some fun, though. I'll come over and call this show. Huh? I'm not a radio, though. Despite my love hate relationship with Mo. For Mo, at least he ain't got no one remouse to be. Put things in family and got nothing to do with him. Was you? No. I don't blame his wife for leaving. Yeah. I'm leaving too. And you know what I'm at a team? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Get off, boss. The nighty. And I might not. I don't like nobody make it, but I'm my family, see? Oh yeah, I'm fighting against these poor girls, people out in the zoo. What are you? And I'm not a thing. Oh no. What? It's happening again. What? Every time I get excited. It's like they'll hope you know. What's the reason? It's Mr. Pillow Pins. What's the reason? It's not the reason. It's not the reason. It's not the reason. It's not the reason. It's not the reason. It's not the reason. It's not the reason. It's not the reason. You're living in any of these. I know. That is stopped now. It's time for me to walk away slowly. And very sad. Very sad. Did it do to go away? Bye bye.