The music stress on the previous programs are those of the... The group members gather. And you not reflect those of the music practice. On her friends, they have a tizer's for agency. Yes, well, sir. The biggest means. Then, friends, tell our feedback. The speech for you, 560, WQAF, Miami Ford, Lardina. Oh! By the way, you fast dude. No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Whitefoot. Really? You bet. And now, Gordon Whitefoot takes his best known song, The wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald, and gift wraps it around your favorite carols to create his new holiday album, Gordon Whitefoot sings Christmas. Yes, Gordon Whitefoot is coming to town with a swelod of songs like this. It's Gordon Whitefoot's 6 Christmas, and you'll want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the Little Trimer boy. Who come make the leap of a rainbow? How can you find him to see the real fun from the... Gordon Whitefoot has compiled a holiday music collection, you'll wish would sing to the bottom of Lake Superior. The day goes with 1000 holy miles. Your friends and family will pray for a silent night. When you put on Gordon Whitefoot's 6 Christmas. Can't wait, 10 out to 560 WQAF, happy Friday it's already December 8. Wow. Former UN ambassador Jean Kirk Patrick died at 80. Remember her under our Reagan? She was the ambassador of the UN, of course not. Right. Who plays in the attention? Unless it's John Bolton, who's really revolve. Don't play too much attention to you and ambassadors. But nevertheless. Former dolphin, under a Franklin dies at 47. I remember a Franklin. But even Josh remembers a Franklin not. Never heard of him. No. Well, you better get with you dolphin trivia, Mr. because this is a franchise that was in the past. Just like the Toronto Make Believe. So lost in Gamelized, the Jesus guided his stuff. Today's suck. They're pathetic. And the Appanthus be Buffalo last night. Can anybody believe that? No. To the Rolfer of the Pantheoros. Any interest in the Afflorate Panther Organization? No. Former dolphin, fullback, I'm a Franklin, I guess today and like our Wednesday. Excuse me. And Lincoln, of course, a natural cause is he was 47. I was going to tell him some little bit strange to you, but nevertheless, Franklin's body was found by police that his Lincoln apartment. He had heart problems and other health issues and recent years in front of the surfer from congestive heart failure. See, there's this myth that exists about Jackson about guys. It like work out a lot in our great physical shape. It's said to him, so on. And I come to find out a lot of more like, you know, you know what I'm saying? We say. I'm saying that just because you're like, a big job doesn't mean you're going to live 100. That's right. Franklin played football at Nebraska from 7780. Wreshing for 1738 yards and 10 touchdowns. He was drafted in the second round by the dolphins, the dolphins, and played four years in the NFL. Started starting in a super bowl and appearing on a cover of Sports Illustrated. But his career was short by knee injury. He was done playing by the time he turned 26. Wow. He was divorced, living in Logan Lincoln, where he'd lived for most of the past 20 years. And some AJ played football this season at Emporia State. And his daughter, Miss Shella. Is that how you said? I don't know. Is that an assistant volleyball coach in Northern Illinois? How do I know what you know how you said? Franklin, recently was approved by the NFL for disability. He was prepared to move to Alabama to be closer to his family, but ain't going to happen because he's dead. Under Franklin at 47. David Woodley's dead to a knee. David Woodley. David Woodley. He's dead. I think. Oh, 790. Not on your radio dial, but on our pool. I didn't read the results yesterday, but I'm getting way ahead of my song. Here's the final result that Tagulation of yesterday's pool. Have you ever met anybody? I'm your unit. I'm 1593 votes. No, 602. No. It's just amazing to me. The pool we have today. About the show yesterday. 42.7% didn't hear the pool, which makes you wonder, who are the people that vote on these stupid ass polls? You know what I'm saying? If you know, listen to the show, they're why you're voting on the pool. Although it could be. See, this is that time of the year as you well know. And there are a lot of people out there who's days are, you know, the busy shopping and running around. I get all kinds of crap going on. So they don't have time to be listening to the show, but they do have time later on on the day or whenever to hop online and throw their one cent. Right. Have you ever met anybody on the net? No, 602. Don't chat with anybody online for 91. Yes, it turned out well. 266. Do you connect change my vote? No, I didn't meet Jacob on the internet. Right. Yes, good-and-bad results. 105. Yes, does it last? I didn't meet those other people. My classmates on the internet either, I've met up with them after many, many, many years. It was a good time. Had a good dinner. Yes, it is last year, 79. I hate this pool 34. That's only 2.1% not bad. I hate the internet 16. One percent of the votes from yesterday. I hate the internet. They're on it. They're dealing with it. And they're looking around. You know, but they hate it. Right. No. It's like somebody would say, I hate sex. I'm doing it, but I hate it. I hate it. I hate ice cream. But I'm eating it right now. Like that. Although yesterday after that, very, very gut-wrenching show, I must confess that I got my appetite back. That's the bad news. Okay. Good news was that I got my brain on screen. I've got, you know, everything's back in order again. Got back in the good graces of my close personal friend again, which is great, but nevertheless, I still I eat. Not like tons, but I did eat some ice cream. Oh, don't say that. Because then George gets all over your ass when you say that. Oh, whatever. Yeah, whatever. I had a pint of hog and I was dual-sadial, Lashbag. And it was really pretty weak. I don't even like that flavor, but they haven't even been in and not. Anyway, here's a, before we get into these poll, which is about yesterday's show, which I thought was definitely one of the best ever. Although Josh hasn't said much about yesterday's show. All of he enjoyed it because he enjoyed my pain and say whatever you say about it. Yeah. I go to my hand. And I never, well, I mean, there's no point in having that, you know, vote about who, there's really was no battle going on. It was just like, you know, who was winning the contest to get the sympathy of the audience, but there's no need to be doing that. I'm glad we didn't do it. But we too. Because now everything is like patched up and honky, do we? Let's keep it that way. Everything is just fine. Oh, no. You know the sky, Joe. I'm really glad he sent this. He must be a really good guy. He's a good guy. And there was some nice sort of work to do. And there was some nice sort of work to do. And there was some nice space page. Some really nice and gentle, gentle messages. And on the other hand, I appreciate Joe. Since this, I said, email the George and then George facts it to me. It says, small world. Jacob was my next door neighbor. I voted gutsy. Neil's always had an aura about him as a kind of tough guy. And this was him an horrible situation and totally human. I like Jacob. We've earned many joints together. And I do see him from time to time still. Shouldn't we have that on air? Should I? Oh, damn. We are that's bad. We've earned many joints together. What a surprise. I'm going to tell him he was an idiot and should be in the old man's will right now. I think there's brought Neil a little closer to his audience. He probably embarrassed about those situation. No. But to those of us who were always admiring him, this was a side of him that's never been witnessed in one of the reasons not to our level. I think I like the old man a little more now. Enough said, piece Joe. Thank you, Joe. That was very, very nice. And that's sweet. Yes, it is. Very nice. Good. From Joe, who has smoked a big fat one with some guy named Jacob. Not necessarily my friend Jacob who wouldn't be doing it like that, like that, like whatever. Neil's Thursday show was. We have 800 and three votes that are pulled today and for the weekend. And of course, over the weekend, they're going to be single Thursday. Who remembers that? You know, this is the problem when you put it up the night before. But then again, you get like 2,000 votes by Monday. He's saying, wow, we must have a lot of people listening. Josh is going to be on vacation next week. Do we have any idea who's going to be sitting in there or didn't you just go that with us? Yes, we do. Monday and Tuesday will be Miguel. Yeah. And then Wednesday through Friday will be Chris Wailing. What? Chris is saying. Chris is why he's Wailing. He's Wailing. He's Wailing. He's going to hang out with you for Wailing Wall right now and then later on. He's going to hang out with you. I don't play now. When you work for the beastly, you do a lot of Wailing and balling and just crying like a child. 818 votes. Neil's Thursday show was. Didn't hear it. He's leaning far in a way. 349. 42.6%. I don't get that. Yeah. That's what I was. I was always trying to hurt it. It was all spun. See, that was real. This all is crap about reality TV. There's no such thing. It's all contrived and the rehearsed and BS. This is reality radio yesterday. Don't expect a repeat anytime soon. Didn't hear it. It's 249. It was gutsy. 115. That's what your buddy Joe said. 115. gutsy. What did the best ever 94? That's what I voted. I thought it was a magnificent show. And it's just the way a pen myself on the back and the ass and saying boy, you had some real balls yesterday. It's going to be in such a smuck. What did the best ever 94? It was okay. 81. Not great. Not really. But okay. You know. Kind of a lukewarm. A real backhanded slap on the ass. Fascinating 78. Pondrister E5. Craft. But third man. So many people say yesterday show was craft. So if you take Pondrister E5 that's like 8% out of 8%. Too bad. Spectacular 19. And I hate this whole only 17.2% out of 18. I like that. A rabbit. So that's the offshoot from yesterday. I'm like a, uh, him. Back to being a whatever I am. What are you? Well, I'll let this guess. Yeah, right. An emotional little queen, whatever you want to call him. And I know that there are a lot of people out there saying, oh, boy, what a, what a stupid old, a desk for, you know, whatever I think whatever you want. Okay, just was just laid it out there for you. And you can do whatever you want. You can stick it wherever it makes you feel good. Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean called for another election during the race to replace Katherine. Saying the clear group of public and winner should not be sworn into election questions are sorted out. That's what Howard Dean says. Always like that, Howard. You know, Ronald Swelhoating farewell meeting with Pentagon workers. There he is. He's saying goodbye. Bye bye. Here I'm gearing. You idiot. You cannot see someone if you don't have an election that's valid. The incident they taped in the viewskates over there Sunday on a Tampa area news channel. The same Pete times before the comments and suggestions yesterday. Democrat Christine Jennings is contesting your loss to Republican Vernon Buchanan as soon for a new election on Thursday. Jennings said she'll ask the US House to take the extreme measure of conducting its own investigation in the election. That seems to be part of the course in Florida. Lots of elections, lots of investigations. State officials certified Buchanan is the winner by just 269 votes. Jennings claims that touch screen voting machines in service of the county malfunctioned in district 13 race and possibly cost to the free coneletion more than 18,000. More than 18,000 service of county voters from mark other races didn't have a vote register in the House rights, which of course nobody believes that's possible. Nobody believes it's kosher. Even though there was like a little circle, you next to it. Well, somebody just facts this in from Fort Walton Beach. Paula Barstow, singing sand is stopped singing after how the event was pulled out of his power cord and ran over his head. Baby Jesus was with her the cut out of the shell of our Presbyterian church's wooden activity display. I hear all the time that Jesus has been taking on everything and now he's been in the church's manager. Church elder Linda Sheely told the Northwest Florida Daily News. Jesus and the singing sand were perfect for him as a holiday crime spray. Oh no. Barstow said Santa was in his usual spotter in driveway Tuesday next year. Both ones they found him a mode down. Oh, let's go mode down Jesus or Santa. Or both. They had to come all the way in and just run over him back for him back in for Santa Barstow. Who cried if she described the damage. Santa was an evil guy. She said he also waived and shouted, Mary, Christmas. Sheely discovered the missing baby Jesus on Tuesday. Her husband George Huff is settled in the activity scene. People should be taught not to steal anything but don't take the baby Jesus for crying out loud. Don't take the baby Jesus for Christ's sake. I mean, just like that. 836 votes on the pool and 42.3% of the audience didn't hear yesterday's show. Can you explain that to me during the break? Think about that and make up an explanation. The biggest name, so best challenge to the pieces we are honorors. But to a Friday you bested. I pray for darkness and many for having us. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I can't wait to hear you say When a stamp and dark me a matter didn't fix can't fight When we are so cruel Oh we got this one bit of dark We pray to Allah then start to Listen to the deep high butt blood John the rock and the sound of the pound up Stanley Campbell, John, he's that don't think about Our music came to an old listening That's the old letter When a winner or an enemy When the upstanding and two-craft When he's white down and look between his knees They were said they'd I see they go That are true that you're hot but warm I didn't even became a feeling how the bottle Don't know why it's no longer cold Cause not as single girl I'll tell you Oh, please, when a guy was the pound of the pound That's it The way you weigh him, yes How are you Neil? Yeah This is Robco how you doing buddy Okay, Robco How's your day cup? How is he? Yes What does that mean? How does he push you down? I don't know. Go check it out Maybe he'll stick it in your face And fart I don't see what I mean Was there ever any doubt? No By the way, thank you Rosie She noticed that you had done something wrong with the cutting and pasting And I just fixed it Followed her instructions and it should work now I mean, thank you Rosie Visit somebody at some website somewhere Do you think is listening? Rosie is one of our listeners and my space friends And you noticed that you did something wrong How is he noticed that? How could he do that? Because remember when you pasted something into your head He said it wrong I was like, say thank you Rosie I said it Your sweetheart, but he is Yeah WQAM hello QAM Hey, are you guys screaming on the net? Are we right? Are we screaming? Yes, we are We're screaming all over the place Okay, I just can't get you Thank you Keep working on it Alright And the net too, okay Got some very amazing news here For example, Calla of all places Boy, I thought only a hostage of no Calla Wacely snips the Hollywood action star Was taken into custody this morning, you heard about this? No And will appear before our federal judge To my entire charges of tax fraud And conspiracy later today Oh my god But where are your signature black sunglasses A black two piece suit and a blue shirt Snips walked through a back entrance To the court, has a 93 to this morning And squirted by federal agents in a prosecutor S. less than an hour ago Why are we on top of crap or a one? We are really on top of crap Quota officials confirmed stocks So they'll have an initial appearance And a ringman in front of magistrate Gary Jones At 10 30 this morning Just a minute from moments from now Snips surrendered to authorities in nearly two months And negotiations between the US and Attorney's Office in Tampa and his attorneys Snips an Evans high school graduate and former Our worth resident where would have had his You know where that is, Josh Now let's say not by you, okay I was way far Was indicted in October before a federal Grand jury in Jacksonville He's got the source S. less than a small potatoes in my life And I'm saying who the hell needs him? 853 votes on the poll night did you come up with some laying answer for my question about 42.4% of the people who voted on the poll didn't hear the show yesterday And therefore have no opinion Well that's what I voted What? I'm just kidding Oh seriously, and that's not an answer Okay, and we all it leave it to George to be a wise guy Okay, right wise cracker And as far as I was thinking And I don't want to dwell on this anymore Because I don't want to give my buddy any more publicity than he already got But you know this business has seen Joseph's He's an idiot to be ruled man's will right now See most people would have jumped at that opportunity if they were like money grabbers Right, fact somebody on the mind spaces Some of you sent me a very cute message yesterday It said at least you know he's not a money grabber Just a dumbass Which is a very rich I don't agree with that last park Is that would be a bad thing to say? No, it's just not everybody is willing to jump on the bat Right and try to grab your money sonny Honest right, sad, horrible It very admirable and say good See this is not a really good person I hope I think I don't know we'll find out Canada's parliament I watched the vote on TV was an emotional thing for this old queen Canada's parliament voted yesterday not to be open to gay marriage debate A vote to rule and conservative party had promised it would hold her in the last lunch and campaign A statement Harper who wants to be George Bush Jr Our prime minister and god only knows how he ever liked it He got elected because of the red next all you know in Calgary and all these other places Moose jaw medicine hat Cam loops those are the people ofota for Stephen Harper Gay marriage became legal and Canada the last year of the previous liberal government parliament passed bill c38 and response to a series of court rulings that gave gay people a right to marry Canada's one of only five countries in the world to legalize same sex marriage During the last election campaign conservative leader of current prime minister Stephen Harper the Unchist one promised to hold a free vote in the House of Commons of what the parliament should reconsider the issue Harper's government was strong most of its support from the conservative west Like I said medicine hat, Moose jaw is seeking to appease its conservative base Even though Christian activists acknowledged this week the law would stand New liberal leaders step on the on a lot of liberals to vote freely on the motion something Former liberal leader Paul Martin didn't allow for when it was passed in 2005 The motion to reopen the bill was debated the House of Commons to late Wednesday They voted yesterday was 175 to 123 not for the open the vote three of re whatever So the lost hands, I like that All these homophobic a Christian see the same thing to same crap holding to one much less Restent thank God the study shining here by the way. It is colder than a which is hanging. It is just brutal No snow though cold is hell Not that I'm complaining you understand you do realize how tickled pink I'm to be here. Oh, yeah, yeah It means I'm not there. I don't know you Q a I'm hello Okay, and that's one of our we the good calls. We'll get a whole bunch of those on the day make them a stay Here's our agenda today. We got mad dog and who does hard rock it to the power hour with Hank and a mad dog together Fort five. Humber solo five to seven and the opening tip with Vimbo calls seven away, which is really embarrassing 8 to 9. It's Craig Mish, a little mishmosh on our schedule and then nine o'clock. It's Friday night light high school football report Wow and then 10 o'clock at he came Friday night light high school football report and then tomorrow at 10 in the morning or 10 a night We got jack straps with time. I'm gonna say it. Well, seriously. I know a vass this before what is that? I mean, I know what a jack strap is. You know, I've sniffed a few of what is that I put it fairly only so pretty quinn last night on TV Oh, you know what else is happening at tomorrow Josh what's that isn't tomorrow the high-spin vote that would be correct Well, who do you think's gonna win it not pretty? I know why do I know I don't want I don't want ready to feel bad but he's off my wallpaper again. That didn't take long You know, I my desktop. He's gone. He's probably depressed. He's off your wall. Well, that's gonna change his life. Who needs seismant trophy when you could be on a wallpaper on your largest desktop on his Wow, there you go. Too bad ready you're out. He's a distant second in my book As many as 84 people in seven states have been confirmed is having the strain He turned right back to me involved in an outbreak that maybe linked to Taco Bell restaurants officials today and that's really sad because I love my Taco Bell I love Taco Bell Hmm I have nothing to eat. They're very often and I've got one very close by me, but I just I don't know I'll decide on a mind you don't know me. What do you mean? I don't know. South Carolina and Utah are the latest states report outbreaks of the illness state and federal agencies are still trying to pin down the source But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the vast majority of the before the cases have eaten a Taco Bell restaurants prior to their illness Dr. Greg Grayton and the CDC told CNN that his agency and state health departments haven't seen any other sources of the illness and are zero onion on Taco Bell Suppliers of green onions now excuse me for my ignorance and there are a lot of things that I don't know but the good part of it is George knows them all or at least he makes them up. That's right I thought that those are like scatians. That was the difference between green onions and scatians. I do believe they're the same But no seriously. I don't know. I don't know. I can say that a Google ad, okay Google scatians I'm trying to say something that why did they call green onions because some people call them one thing. Yeah, I should be wrong. There is no song called scatians or even heard it's gang Well, maybe they will be now. We have some leads that say it might be green onions. That's based upon some permanent retesting It's been done and you know what else? We're using a lot of us guys is in like Chinese restaurant sure And especially in Superman and want in want and soup and hot and sour into winter everything It is the same as green onion. Well, see I've put it for once in my life. I got a ride and that's based upon some preliminary testing It's been done in a number of labs right now, but the testimony has not confirmed So we're keeping the options open. It's in the investigations that we're doing of becoming a wide range of foods all of them served at Taco Bell specifically Braiden said Jean per Packford is dead. I'm your friend. I'm still alive. I'm still kicking after that emotional traumatic Outpouring yesterday was a wonderful thing a great catharsis the only problem was I got my appetite back and I feel great Neal Thursday show was didn't hear it's 269 42.4 percent out of 869 votes Wow, what were these people doing? Where were they see the idea is you know, it's nice that you're on our website Holding on a pool. We'd like to have a little bit some pieces a little something something, you know Maybe those are the odd attackers got see a hundred twenty two. Well, that's you know your buddy Joe voted for gutsy because he knows joking Jay companies Smoking a big fat one with him right now. It was one of the best ever 98. I would agree with that don't expect to repeat anytime soon though I hope it was okay 87 fascinating 84 Ponderous 39 it was crap 33 spectacular 20 Spectacular those little people are actually touching their kneecaps or at least aiming for something else during the show They were so excited and I hate this poll only 17 a mere 1.9 percent Or anything sorry I got a spot Sarah good little I'm gonna head of my song You know what is that Friday? It's is a 145 that please Let's pretend while it's getting really close to 145 1027 is what it is Friday you best It's a tough one It's a bitch When they end up on your list There your boss the one you hated obligated to go buy that jerk a You Be behind their back you call them a boy Let's a tough one It's a bitch I just Will do all You're they've made life tough for you all year they have been nothing but an Peace When they close your office door you pull them over It's a bastard It's the pits What your boss is all you're this If they don't like what you'll bottom drop your pants until them they can come and please Give them the choice of buying a gift from my boss or stickling my head to the floor All takes table and I head to the floor and enjoy Wow, so anyway that thing works that second one that we were working on before the show to the line that thing works. What's it fixed? Thank you Rosie Thanks Rosie for getting my thing fixed This is a shock to me this fancy just said along I'm here for Matt in a long time Remember we're talking about my buddy Matt Corchoff right to good week Been a great week get back together in fact. I'm having lunch with my close personal friend Jacob I'm down there soon and then my buddy Matt from the family bank formerly years ago Sorry for the facts I'd rather call you, but I'm running around town all day That's okay Matt normal people call talk shows I just wanted to thank you for the kind words and the plug-yets. They have always have I'm always here to take care of you Well, more specific More specifically you're banking needs. I think that's right Tell me a part of your old queen I think it's a good line call me anytime when you get teddy or bank and he's got his he's with another bank now a community bank a Broward Well, thank you Matt. I'm gonna put that over here my pile of things to consider and look at and it's said I'm so I he's good guy. I was took good care of me at family bank and took care of all all kinds of good stuff My banking needs it is right well, you know you know how it is there all these see that's that's another reason why it was so I don't want to say gutsy because it sounds so self-indulgent, but it was I'm my part to tell a whole story not only because I made a fool out of myself for like you know going overboard see one thing about me and you know this I'm just not one of those people that's easy You know in other words. I'm not like you you're a social butterfly everybody in the station George is first if I have a screw down You know, he's like all over them like stink on joy. Yeah You're you're like sociable. I'm not a sociable person I don't make any apologies for that you are whatever you are. I don't I don't Polozetta that that that that's not because I'm a bad person I'm just not interested in being everybody's best buddy or coming in schmoosing with everybody, you know So as you well know right But if I do Find some kind of a Connection with somebody else. I just go overboard Because they just aren't that many people in my lifetime. I've been that crazy about and this isn't to do with sex Because like I said the other day with my you know, I'm doing just fine. Okay I don't need to know your name. I don't need to know your shoe size. I don't need to know anything else just If you look good to me and you're ready to do something. Hey, let's do it And have a great life and maybe if it was really good we'll do it again. You know like that That it just fine And that's what the course when you're under the closet bag all these use you to realize another big Anniversary coming up in nine days December 17 and You'll be on vacation then you won't be here to celebrate The 717 1976 that's today on WKAT I came out of the closet I bet you said the winner members at well well He got on the phone because I had I gave him a thing I wanted to read I went into the scene this morning before one on the year I said I'm gonna read this on the air today and he looked at it and he said well, you know, it's up to you Well, you know, there should be a holiday Yeah, the meal ride just coming up to you December 17. Well, I was thinking we could call it gay But right it's gonna be a day But anyway, and so He kept the owner of the station. I thought it was true before you call it cats and time is not dead He kept around the phone all day so she wouldn't hear the show up. Oh, nice going said Because it was afraid of what her reaction might be but it turned out okay. I guess it wasn't such a bad mistake after all The only thing with that is though when you go on the year and you tell something like that yesterday right away the homophobes out there Which is the majority of people? Even even people who like to show like me whatever They're still like oh gee what are you? I control a bag. Yeah, whatever Whatever you want to think that's fine with me. It doesn't make a video difference to me 900 two votes on the pool and 42.4% still didn't hear the show yesterday Well, I'm gonna send you out of much of the field man, but you Mr. Really interesting show fascinating a gut wrenching Amazing for our special last three hours WQAM hello QAM Wow, you can tell the holiday season, huh? Sure. That was better than usual by far. WQAM hello Tommy Brady why he's an ex-gettory. I do more on Wow Alice Jones was joined this is on from prison plan if they paranoid While people that nevertheless they got some good stuff Join on the year this week by investigative reporter Ed Haas to discuss an important story He's broken concerning direct evidence of his really prior knowledge of impossible complicity in the 9th level of text of 2001 Past details disastrous a how in October 2000 approximately 11 months prior to 9th level of enormous really the vents force member and veteran of the young Kippur war Overward a conversation that the gunmouth transit cemetery in Newark, New Jersey Considering the attack and spoken in the Hebrew between three men The gommel chessed cemetery. Oi The Americans will learn what it is to live with terrorist after the plane hit the twins in September Haas is contact city heard more than they say after 11 months of desperately attending to alert the authorities being systematically ignored all along the line The contact watched in horror is the tax unfolded exactly as he'd overheard House reveal on the air they even asked by a we did a contact the source who has asked to remain anonymous for fear of his own life as he had In depth information about prior knowledge it attacks and nobody will listen to him Hostated I've purchased individual zifist story was BS, you know, that's a kind of how I had to approach it is this guy might be a nutcase Less follow through and see if history starts to have any merit and it did He said our reach to program our photos though this guy has some information based on his documentation and it smells more like a cover up to me The source also told Hans that one of the many overheard express concerns We're guiding whether the upcoming presidential election of ever 2000 between bush chaining and Gorleberman could impact the plans Another man he believed to be of the most senior the three replied don't worry We have people on high places no matter who gets elected they will take care of everything The source also reported to Hans that he overheard one of the three men say the Arabs are so stupid They don't even imagine that we are using them Could this be a reference to landlub and hijackers question mark? It certainly fits other evidence that they or their doubled sized names taste depending on which line you take We're immediately no new us and tells it until we're being used as Patcies likely Harvey Oswell, you know, I'm a patty member then ever patty client on the patty Houses received copies of letters that is contact for received from the FBI after emailing calling them Then they had important information to share a first letter advised the source to contact the new work FBI division Which he did several times got no response upon writing the FBI a second time a further response inform the source The FBI would not be able to do anything on his behalf On the same day the second letter was received three months prior to nine love and two agents from the Newark Division visited the source Without a guarantee of protection he was unwilling to tell everything he knew However, he did tell the agents there would be an attack in the earth city their planes would be used Haas suggests that it is telling that the source was asking for protection Fear and that he had in sound information on some form is really intelligence operation and the FBI was advising him to contact his local cop The source told Haas the Newark agent seemed to rather annoyed that the high-reshylons of the FBI were outright We're objecting to receive information on the protection We previously highlighted how many of the divisional branches of the FBI were hinted or prevented from investigating red flags or warnings before The night-loving attacks we've also specifically highlighted the Israeli four warnings par knowledge and possible involvement in 911 We've gone over these issues so many times in the past that we know get accused by newer readers and critics of ignoring them and some are protecting his very intelligence And truth we were talking about this stuff hours after the attacks took place and four years in the aftermath this says on prison planet The source of the sources stories suggests is he himself believes that the real perpetrators of 911 may have been a conglomeration of intelligence agencies involving the Mossad He believes there may be even a direct connection to the story with the Israeli spiring and the fire is really tourists to rest in 911 2001 after they were seen in position on nearby rooftop before to plan to and celebrating afterward Even Senator Bobby Graham on the intelligence committee after 911 stated there's evidence that's Existy attacks were funded in part at least by a sovereign government this information has been classified We also know that the end of the Pakistani intelligence the ISI $100,000 to the lead high-jacker right before the event The umptious ISI which of course is in bed with the CIA Pass one on to comment what made it so fascinating was that I decide okay When the start trying to confirm this guy's story Once I confirm the FBI agents existed I mean some of this story if you think about somebody making up a story identifying FBI agents Is you know it's not like when you go to your local police for website and they have pictures of all the police You know, I didn't have a then the of agents is something you have to go to great lengths to fabric ABC and it goes on Move more it's got all the documents here It'll be on our website tomorrow some prison planet today Info wars.net Of course, I know we're all paranoid and we're all suspicious and cynical and yati adiada who would whoever believe the government or any government would be I never do anything like that 918 votes on the poll will have that thousand look at each split and 42.3% of the voters under didn't hear the show Maybe they did maybe the people online don't even listen to the show they just vote on the poll That's positive they read the laws on the poll and then they've heard the show in their life Make sure to ask them. I fake four plop This Ex-Mess you don't want to old fan anybody on your holiday gift list Give them the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record Who could possibly take issue with songs like these? Oh Yes, we've taken that you know who out of Christmas Make everybody happy get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today That's the way we look at it here on this show. Okay Mary Christmas happy to look happy clons Happy for all you Jews and go in and rag guys whatever all well, what do you do on quans a by the way? All right, I was getting my food you're asking me in this food. It's an important part of the show Guys are getting their food now. I said what do you do on quans a what I don't even know what that It is to be honest with you Okay, it's a control and I don't know say something racially charged now. Okay. We don't want to do that go right into the holidays It's it's based on the African harvest festival, but really it's a made up bunch of crap So I don't know what you do Oh, maybe a bunch of crappy we like Christmas there are some days and they have hard to pronounce names and the each day You're supposed to reflect upon the meaning of that day though the word of the day or something Oh word word is that what they said there in quans a word oh and guess who was on biography last night speaking of perverts colligula Oh, yeah fun. He sure had me beat Well he was a pit. Yeah, here's one it says And it's chopped off, but it says it like it makes you just into the fool how about gay gay There was that there wasn't a gay show okay, I mean see again. I'm sure that a lot of people in the audience took it that way It wasn't gay. It had nothing to do with like sex. See that's the problem how do you get right now? You are Hey, I'm not gonna be insulted by the end of I could cheer up last It was foggy when whatever. Yeah, I want to a lot of people. I'm sure was oh this is some real facts stuff Okay, whatever you want to think whatever makes you happy Sam on the other hand facts is and says Regarding the show yesterday. I think take him as a real good guy. Yes, he is same It sounds like he's a good person in the friend, but I can also relate to a stand-offish response It is possible that he would have felt obligated and take the friendship to a different level of comfort and expectation What could Sam possibly be talking about your dream and Sam? Wow I have a friend with big bucks too and I could never work for him or accept any huge gift because I don't want to feel obligated to him for anything other than true friendship I'm sure you were just being sweet in generous. Yes, I was Sam, but this episode will probably make your friendship even nicer Then that sounds sweet the way you wrote that it'll make your friendship be nicer closer and whatever Thanks, Robbie. You freedred that entertainment over the years best the value ever. That's right the prices right we don't charge you for our website We don't charge it listen to the show only 42.3% of the audience so didn't hear the show yesterday Really it's a real file for the domain out of it and thanks how it was four meals they delivered to a day While being a person. Oh thanks how is for the 85 meals delivered of which Josh is seven 75 of them right now? You're gonna blow I'm telling you you're gonna blow up like a balloon no way and next week you're on vacation now Where you going somewhere next week or what? Yeah, I'm going to Tahoe son get my ski on What are you going there to ski now to gamble? I'm gonna do a little bit of gambling this time You're not gonna play on slots now, are you now that first time in my life I will pull the machine you're gonna pull it put a level on your teeth you quoted it won't be the first time in your life And you know another thing about your close friend Jacob is that he's also not a slots guy See younger girl is that great, but I say oh Man you seriously you are the worst hard ass I have ever known in my life I have known many hard asses who were just in impossible and tractable like trying to like try to put your tongue through a bowling ball And have you tried that yeah, and the holes yeah, we're so good turn I will give you these scene at the slot you know machines in Tahoe. I'll tell you who's playing the scene And see my she's well, well, you've been the biggest many times and George has been there actually believe it or not But yeah, so when you go into a casino course there's a Zillion slot machines in a real good casino Balloni that you don't even have to ask that's what I you know I don't stop and look but just you know pass and buy maybe sometimes I stop and look for that It's not what I'm looking at but any broads as I'm passing by I just see the ladies, you know What could make for you? It's because you don't notice the guys because you're you know head for phobic Whatever the hell that means like stand made you used to say all you get for phobic out there No, you're just looking for the chicks is what you're looking for there are just is Well, I don't know I mean like maybe in the middle of noon when most guys are working for living and women are like losing their money But it would buy and I would say and that's where I go all the time now at least twice a week I would say that it's like 50 50 Anytime you go in there. I'll let you know man. I'll scope it out. But I'm just telling you you'll let me know what Tahoe's all about I've never been to the I've been to Reno actually I want Lumion Reno is a miracle See for me playing blackjack playing the car. This is so boring man I like the action no Santa like action. See I'm not the little action with I'm not the playing cards like rivets me, but I would rather sit down and play blackjack than just you know And of course crap. I'm too stupid. We would understand that Is a sociable thing because everybody's not together. I'm saying oh, yeah, who wants to talk to people and I don't want to be bothered with these strangers with these goofballs With these allowed obnoxious bastards. I said in my machine and I want to be just left alone and you know Like that woman said to me Wednesday. Oh, I could that be my machine I had to get to grand an online two bad honey you bitch you loser I'm so glad and then after that with in just a few minutes I got to spin for four hundred and two hundred more online. She's like oh my god Yeah screw you honey. I'm wouldn't like crazy today. You know, which doesn't have an often, but you know Once in a while you get a good machine So you're gonna go to Tahoe to ski Great leg and then do a the slots. Well that's good You must be loaded with cash these days. They taking your Russian girlfriend on the strip. Yes Damn well, you go. That's a good idea. It sounds like a really swell week's fake case. That's good good move 951 votes on the pool by 11 o'clock. We're gonna be very close to a thousand already and 42.2% say they didn't hear the show yesterday Well, it's a very busy time of the year. Is that a good see you sir? What I don't think so I got an article here a column by Nick Patione on a smoking chip that is one of the it's just fabulous for our crowd for me for you for our crowd For all of us Heathen veterans. Oh God where our though is the headline. I'm not gonna start it now because I don't have to chop it off From Nick Patione is blog. Oh God where I'm gonna do it after the break. Okay? Maybe God is dead. Remember that is God dead all that crap? Maybe he died. Maybe he died like a jink or panties and a friend friend What about your ether friend when she's still kicking it? Inston style Maybe God is dead. If you're all praying to again dead God. So that's it. Maybe we just always knew time Whatever whatever makes you happy okay see that's the way I look at it just like that show yesterday Whatever makes you happy life is short Enjoy it. That's the motto. I do harm life is short enjoy it. And that's it What more could you want what what other fairy tales what other words of wisdom live by this and couldn't anybody possibly need okay Just listen to old deal God I'll tell you I'm alive I'll owe earlier this week I had my dad's farm still alive. They hit me with five shots And I'm still alive that was such a great scene. You know for his with Tom Hagan And he gets the So let's message say I was gonna say gets the gets the call but of course back in the day there was no cell phone Yeah It's very hard to even imagine back in the day when there was no TV back when there was no cell phones back when they're Saying that would be like a poor way No microwave ovens that would be an excellent pull someday. In fact, we go do that next week. We're not words About what what modern convenience or whatever can you least imagine? Right because you know what you know far like me you don't remember living before there was any TV Correct. That's when people use the list of new radio What's that Here's the fact that says just wondering if you heard about Thomas Friedman back tracking on the support for the rack war on I'm a saw He was wrong about supporting it and cheerlead Thomas Friedman's an idiot. Okay, a real far bison He then said we should sit a date and leave. He also banks bush. It was pathetic. It relates to never Says love you and he'll say how to judge and Josh P. As please by the bit where we turn to rack over to the Iraqi Boy when he remembers the name of it By the way as far as far as the last part of this is which I'm not gonna read on the air. No, I've already wrote Look at us. No, he does not. I say, so all you all you a versus Christian more. So I think I'm not as suspicious about people as some you know Did you read the last part of that last sentence on it? No, that's not the case 1056 and 560 WQM This is the Neil Roger Oh Why's the night before Christmas the whole house was narrow not a creature with spirit Because I had my gun under the pillow when I found a roof and heard something No, keep it down when what do my wonder and I should appear but the dawn of all else any Frick and rain be Because you shout it leave me call my name Your tone your friend your Joey your video a boy even he'll go big widow Which respect back right here and a red silk suit don't Christopher was he any brock the loot Has I drew out my gun and you'd buy the bed he flew through the way No, you're getting his call you freaking moron. Then point in a finger right up my nose He twisted his pinky range and up the chimney. He wrote Then I hate him no one I wish to expect it married freaking Christmas alone and your better show from your spirit It's 1102 at 560 WQM. She just wanted to get sober and blah blah blah like that 174 votes on the pool were getting really close to a thousand man and son Friday the week before about two weeks What is it eighth her 17 days before Christmas day? Nick Patio and he says read the Bible If nothing else regentuses and then ask yourself a rational person Could actually believe that these are literal historical stories about our human ancestors and roots creation I'm talking about Adam E. Kain Aval Moses, Noah and the rest A recent poll taken by Rasmussen reports indicates that most Americans 63% believe that the Bible is literally true in the word of God The survey found it just 24% think otherwise Aside from all the scientific proof that the bunch the Bible's literal account of the world's history there's a more pressing question my mind The Bible immerses the reader in stories where God is always popping up in person He's single handedly catches Adam E. Kali for a bit in a fruit He tells Abraham the sacrifices son to prove his love. He speaks to Moses in the form of a burning bush He gives Noah the blueprint for an arc and the new testimony sends his son to die for our sins and he speaks directly to Christ a couple of times too If we're to believe the Bible God was much more direct than the old days he was personally involved My question where has he been during the last two thousand years? Even jolt will say he still speaks to us every time we pray and read the Bible Some environmentalists say he speaks to nature and all its wonders others find him in their loved ones and within their own souls Atheists say he didn't exist then he doesn't exist now to which I would say Today if someone says God is literally speaking to them they end up on Is I per se or one of several other anti-cycotic drugs in some cases they get their own TV show make a fortune collecting from the gobble If the Bible is the literal truth and we must ask what happened did God die? Did he abandon us or is he actually speaking to us through Pat Robertson? Wouldn't that be the ultimate kick in the head? I don't have the answer I believe to my core that anyone who thinks he or she has the answer a fundamentalist of any stripe is Dealuted. Dealuted as in But what not like that? I Refusibly that God once so middle some in people's lives according to Bible accounts has changed his to do list so drastically No more walks in the garden no more slew like pursuits of brother killing criminals like cane no parting of the seas No direct instruction of where and why to move like Jacob and Moses receive and how long has it been since anyone's been turned into a pillar of salt for this obedience Except Joyce Has God changed his ways? Resist more compelling of it instead the Bible stories about God's interrational mankind are not literal truth Bible stories don't just depict the God we know from my experience God leads it to our own judgment and will as to whether we believe or not He never literally appears in my garden or bush burning or otherwise If I choose to sense his presence around here within me, that's my own experience in my personal perception And as nothing do with the Bible, it's between God and me in other words Still God I can't say you wanted I can't deny your experience of the nice or affirms God's existence But quite sadly history continues to tell us that as long as people believe that their religion or holy book is the literal truth We'll never make progress to a peaceful world The holy books of each and every world religion we're never meant to be read as literal prose. They are poetic Strip away the tales and myths you'll discover that they're all they all are for the same guidance for living love one another Take in politically Christianity has a place for everyone to do and let me say it again Take in politically Christianity has a place for everyone as to all the other religions Example the gospel of Luke tells us that Jesus was not God's only son and Jesus himself began to be about 30 years of age Being as was supposed the son of Joseph which was the son of hell. I had said with center which was the son of Adam which was the son of God But the new testament gives much more detail about Jesus being the only son of God can see through the holy spirit by the virgin Mary Now only Christians run board for this part of the story and fundamental start convinced that if you don't accept Jesus You simply go to hell when you die wouldn't be healthy to teach our children the Christ came to earth to teach us how to live everyone who believes in God can accept at least poetically That Jesus is the son of God just as Adam is the son of God and if Adam is the son of God Then we all are and then there are some we're just a son of eight well fit And everyone who's a living Christ like who is living a Christ like life could get to see them or probably even if they don't actually believe in Christ This notion that you can drown your kids in the family bathtub go to prison accept Jesus and then be back on your married way to an attorney and heaven is ridiculously out of whack People that believe this stuff also believe that a Jew who feeds the poor cares for the sick and loves his neighbor is going to help because he has an accepted Jesus Yusky This is what Bible literalists are teaching their children Bible pros over Bible poetry It's a mechanical mental exercise and religious training that embraces the letter of the law The expense of the spirit of love and compassion at the root of Jesus teachings Because no matter what anyone believes every same person agrees that there's something mystical about love Then in a perfect world we would We would do one of what this is we will often to do one of us and then respect for our fellow man would be the ideal Jesus preached this Buddha talk this yes even though I haven't shared these principles This is the poetry of the message Spirited details of the stories that present a spiteful jealous God who separates and devise and if anything You read your holy book leads you to judge condemn or harm your fellow man in any way rip it out and burn it Take your Zip presson you can be sure that it's not God that's been speaking to you and that cute. That's good. Yeah, that is take is I've pressed a pop a couple out pop a few more Pills rush. What was he taking oxies? He's taking oxies Trump Trump He's a champ on it. Trump on this rush on second thought Well, I don't see there and can get anymore on CNN, you know that not for a long keep passing next year Maybe she's pregnant If she if she has rushes baby, remember Rob Rosemary's baby. Come on. I've been a one. It's alive It's alive. Can you see rushes? Oh, he's out. Whoo I bet you it's got a mustache in a hero. I like combed over one side of the head Neal show Thursday 995 votes will have a thousand on air liquidy split. That's gonna be really great Better way next time you see you and you and you contact this guy Joe this listen You seem to know very well. I mean obviously hey He's gonna rest like a lot of people do and that's so email him back in Tom cuz he may not be listening It's on the appreciate his very fine I know I will even know he's probably listening. He listens all the time Well, how do you know he's looking all the way? Look at all the people it's a busy time He's like glue to some stupid answer. They were sure like we are cuz we have to do it I'll email him anyway cuz he's a good guy To just I might be half just the then that'll be my Christmas present. Are you already sending my birthday prayer? Well, this would be my Christmas. I'm a part of honey. It's a present just saying Joe message say thanks for the your kind word You know right Joe Neil says get a life You really are a I'm not gonna go into what what's the use? Hopefully it's hopeless. No, there's day show was we have 96. I'm not sure how we fresh We might have really close to a thousand refresh that baby. Click that thing 97 see they're pouring in by the ones all the still 42.4% this crowd voting on a pool Didn't listen to the show. I that whole thing just doesn't compute with me and it's like almost half You know I'm saying mm-hmm. It's like how how can you be involved and voting on the polls if you don't well? Like I said they're busy now Neil's Thursday show was didn't hear it for 123 42.4% disgraceful Especially sure like that they didn't hear it shame on you people man. You've got a burning help for that for sure I'm sorry after I just read that nice thing about love. I just sent that off to Joe Good. Thank you. It was gutsy 135 one of the best ever one-way. It certainly was and like I said don't ever expect another outpouring of true emotion for me again Because I'm just it's just not it's just not What I do until the next time until I get emotional again. It was okay 105 fascinating 90 Pontaris 49 cramped 36 while your mama okay see I put the negative stuff under because I knew that a certain bunch of Equal hostile people yeah, they hop on it was spectacular 23 I hate this full 20 and it was Yeah I'm 97 so you put gay on it just you know just my balls and 1000 one votes That's it. I'm going here's your it's here. All right Yeah, here we say it's playing at old music and I immediately I don't think I'm going anywhere And that's the game plan the game plan What is your buddy? I'm on hearing rum spell. Oh, sorry. That's not how life works. Yeah That's your main and you get the and I have a life works all these people at you and your buddy Bush but you're over there and I rack and Afghanistan Almost 3000 dead American soldiers this man is still a Bush sitting in a White House him and Cheney Untouched by human hands. This is really a shame and when I say I'm touched by human shouts I hands who want to touch either one of them when he can write out That bull-deck loving wife and cheney man. I want to write all the steamy bull-deck novels I mean, well, you can only begin to imagine and then of course lower our bush She's just yeah, yeah when you come right down to it and in fact that's another great full question Write these down for Christ's you're favorite first lady of all time And when you think in a course that depends on your age when you think Jackie Kennedy probably would win why Because she was What was stupid hats those stupid curts you we sent tonight and she went on a money We definitely the White House like they all do because she was a horse and glorified or that's great The good part of it is though that her naces was still in love with the who is it that it was in love with them to keep going to a France I don't know that actress Maria Callas, okay He was obsessed just like Frank Sinatra was obsessed with who was it even gardener and You know, you know, it's one thing to be obsessed with somebody, but not necessarily in that way You know, I mean I've been my own obsessions. It's just like the yesterday, but not in that way. That's a serolli It's 12 minutes past 11 at 5.60 WQAM We got the maddog at Hooray's hard rocket to and Josh court this is voted a tall whole next way It's gonna be punching his eye. I hope he get a good machine money No, I don't hope you're going to see this and you get a good I'm not putting you in my will I hate to break the news I'm like you you're good guys, but I admire you and You're your friend you'll be your best friend. I don't want to be my friend. I'll be number four Be my name. I mean I'm a E-mail In fact the surfer of close friends close before and just I just closed the door at four How do you like that and you were you were right on the customer but to you run on the animal I can put it back Okay, no, I'm father you're out Tom Maybe you know you're out Tom Boy, maybe I'll surprise both of you, you know, maybe you're still for you I'm a little bit my 60s by the time you died. It'll be a hell of a surprise I'm with I look at we're just to spite all you guys Jacob was the only one who said no, I don't you know, he would in fact he ran away He was so nervous about it although that one facts from Sam that we made a good point You know, maybe even though in spite of all my protest stations Maybe people it just would be normal for people to say well, what's even a one for me that nothing nothing? He's the one people people don't believe. Yeah, hold this I wouldn't mind that beholden, but that's the answer beside the point that goes without saying anybody know beholden. Yeah, hold this You know that nothing is worth this time of the year and having to deal with crazy people on this show Even though we're like be seeds with certain crazy people we're not that crazy about crazy people So skip all the holiday shopping madness with one easy call to 1 800 macros to get you a new great macros and an unbeatable price I do you Still Speaking in the childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer No one who existed and now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas Santa's on the roof I heard the reindeer He's coming down the globe he's got something for you Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melon-coviesounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history Yeah, that's just not gross All the families It's the lizard king and his most best Jim Morrison Christmas Oh, thanks I hate him He's a few more to be I'm home I know when they come see the Jim Morrison Christmas It's the seed he defrues the you'll type season is still alive Even the reason He is he still live and doing great things Fekki's had a new album coming out of the league for the holidays 119 at 560 WCM we got the 1,025 votes on the pool 42.2% of the people who voted on her pool by the way by yesterday show didn't hear the show And look at those calls for again. See this is not a timely when expect like you know Just don't expect it there obviously run around like chickens with their heads cut off You ever see those pictures of chickens still running run after their heads have been chopped off seen it in person really. Oh, yeah. Oh, what was that about my rural real? Come on, tell me that you see it in person So how long have they keep running around after they ever had this good chopped off way longer than you think they would way longer than you want them to and here's the best part Let's try that with joy. See if she keeps running around. Here's the best part there. Yeah, I'm burning blood up in the year the whole time Oh, watch it. Look out now. Oh, no, no, no, what do you like that transporting you're just in the really grow test nasty stuff. Oh, yeah, sick. They do that 560. Come on. Let's let's have a real hot phone around here of great calls Well, a lot of great calls just calls some some of some calls. That's right. 560 and pound 560 in the Verizon singular virus line WQAM hello QAM Yeah, Neil I can't go camping. Okay, I'm glad I hope you were looking Oh, QAM hello Yes, I want some of the plastic dog food that you're giving away WQAM hello Now that that's the sad case That is a really sad case that one right there. I mean not not that there aren't some other very sad, but that one is really sad It's making a sad guess who tried to hop out on our mice face and invited himself to be a friend yesterday Which had to leave me immediately now sooner the same jackass that the fact in yesterday I don't want to mention Greg and 14 loosely you're a pathetic any rights on there. Oh, you're still pathetic, but I love to be your friend about yeah, right I'm going to leave something in my will for you. Okay, it's called a hitman Greg and 14 loosely you jackass You pathetic no life loser he also said I have no life. Then we knew that I'm pathetic you should be so pathetic okay as me as a warmhearted kind old queen like yours truly. Okay Am I right? Absolutely. Yeah, you're just sucking up. That's right WQAM hello Did Matt on put your pelvis WQAM hello Wow Oh man WQAM hello Yes sir, is your refrigerator running? Yeah, it's running and so are you right to the can QAM hello Nail I think you should discuss this with you rabbi. Yeah, okay Okay I'm gonna go see my rebbie. Okay, and I'll discuss my personal traveils and the emotional cripple status WQAM hello Nail yes, how are you good? When you come back to South Florida so we can get some autograph picture Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. What time is your show on foul? One of my coming back to South Florida so we can be from our autograph I was stupid car and we were gonna get all I found No, I am the design business on come back and then And what I want to come back to South Florida was a close person in front of a few night It's so I think I'm back so we can find your property at the track and come by your name Table and I'm brave that I really have been friends and fun back to make you like boys Oh, man Fine, wait I see so much that I see go up to school license Actually on some more story don't we know about some of those like I don't know about it There's about like 400 of those marginal stations J and O and J and A and J and you and how's it going? And I was in and some of these like Joyce Kaufman. I think I saw a lot of those Joyce Kaufman I never heard her on the ear and I'm so pleased with hear that maybe normal Campbellton in fact Norma called me last night Because he was so impressed with my soap opera yesterday. I want to see if they're like any more and of course, you know And to see if you could put it in there No, and see if I could hook him up with somebody. No, just just a joke Just a stay away from him Jacob. Okay stay away from that Norma Now I can see why I wouldn't want to send any information to him. I wouldn't either Thousands and 30 and if I go find some more one of ways norm just a joke. It is just a joke Thousands and 35 votes and 40 oh now we're down to 42 percent We can get down to less than 40 percent, but that's not going to happen There's just too many votes, you know what I'm saying would take too many If they would both with these other things like it was gusty and one of the best shows ever got that needles are real mench And what a wonderful generous great guy he is in the you know, and what a courageous guy to go on here and it to be in such a schmuck See that's one one thing all of us not most of us all of us at one time or another in life And usually many times we do things there like it like George would say stupid, you know But most people would never admit it much less on ear to thousands of other people. You know go publicly and say boy, I'm a schmuck because it's just you know Some people say well, that's bad for your image, you know, well, what image? Okay, I sent myself up to some kind of a maven here like some come to a role model Yeah, a role model if you want to be an old-pervert-fag then fine That's me on a great role model for other net just to go to your own life Hey, I admitted to being married on the air. That was stupid. Now whatever you stupid Well, you're taking a really stupid. Yeah, don't get married Josh and don't get married I hate or you young about any guy case. See how we expect young guys that are smart enough not to get in like that Or to be unattached or her unencumbered or her expect that Because somewhere inside of them there's a voice speaking this is don't turn a more voice That's right live your life enjoy it have a good time and just you know and don't be stupid right fly loose or just hang loose 26 past eleven at five 60 boardish show is just smoking right along today man all man. That was okay That was a big birthday yesterday right in the radio. I needed that for myself I don't know for the audience was and of course George was crawling from it Now you've been to encourage me go ahead and do it do it do it. I think love it. Yeah, yeah, they do They do what they love it. They love here 39 people said she was crap and 51 said it was pond where said 8.6% who were not enchanted with you know what they can rock they can rot in hell Like that article. I just read said that was good article. I'm not guess what but where's God? Where's God? Where's all this hate coming from okay this man made in this invented hate hostility And of course in South Florida man that's the special speciality do you or every day. That's just today, but every day. What's the super the day day? Hey, it tastes good Mmm, delicious Fuck, you bastard Oh, she wants it was a player. Congratulations you ruined Chris more the DVD she owned Marcus was as fast but when those faithful doors swung open and the wall she was stepped on and backed up straight to the bowl Grandma's now quite out of action And I hospital she sits Now for a body is interaction and she even needs a nurse to take a spitter Grandma's got run over at the wall mine Grandpa under shoppers 3dc It was on the day after Thanksgiving Don't put grandma in no sheep eat and be your Grandma got run over at the wall mine Grandpa under shoppers 3dc It was on the day after Thanksgiving What grandma didn't know she feeds and needs Oh, operator, give me the number for 911 where in first person everybody What dress? 1132 grandma can't take a No, Harry and Hialia is really nice facts. He aren't the see it's the holiday time of the year and people are putting their best feed forward Some of them in the course on the rest of the market and still full of that so full that's how full the hate Harry and Hialia rights it's amazing the almost half of the people of the hotel on today's pool didn't listen to the yesterday show I would agree with that Harry haven't I been saying that repeatedly yes all over down to 41.6% now we got under 42% for the first time Congratulations to me and a Harry Oh, this is how many people who vote on your polls never listen That would be a good pool also that's the third one we got and you haven't written them down. I've already forgot the first two What? Maybe you could do a mini poll to see how many people we were who vote on the polls, but never listen or rarely For the funny plus years I've been listening to you yesterday show is one of the best ever I agree with the Harry. Thank you very much happy holidays happy whatever you're doing happy quansa Harry and Hialia is is there was one of the best and I would agree Very you know I was a little reluctant there. I first I said I was gonna go ahead and do that and then I don't know And then you kind of pushed me into it What all did you have to lose you know you're not the grazing and humiliating yourself here. What did you did that when you got married? That's right. I have an interest in that is the ratings that I knew the people would lock it up. You think no Oh, look at this Wait a minute. Here's a I just print the story out and didn't print all I know I'm gonna get more crap if you were just highlighted Brutal print this This is right I can't find it. Wow. It's about a drill find it. I'm afraid the Navy's ability to knock missiles out of the sky I feel Oh, not that kind of drill. It failed. Oh, for wise coasters. There was it didn't work second figure a nine test of the system by the agency and the US Navy said missile defense agency spokesman Chris Taylor US Pacific Fleet has been gradually installing missile surveillance and track and technology I'm going to have to destroy those and cruises and concerns about North Korea's long-range missile program, but both target missiles dropped harmlessly into the ocean Oh, well, it failed. It's one of keep that in mind. Okay, as you're worrying about your government keeping your ass alive. I job as he if you shave. I just have to be here right tell again W-you idiot by the way. You think daddy is fine that we covered after that horrible performance All poor book And of course if you had sons like that, you probably have a problem too like Jimmy and and one sons the governor and the other sons of president and you're still like laughing stock And he used to be the president George crime Walker bush Down Thousands and 60 votes were down to 41.7 who think that well, they didn't hear the show yesterday, but here's got a good point I think what I have to set it to do is I'm going to leave only one person in my will and that's going to be the first one with the best call today Will you You doubt my word. I do you think I'm just making that yes You'll see how many calls we're going to get now and they're going to like all kiss my ass and they're going to be oh kissy kissy kissy kissy you'll see Every dime every penny I have to my name. I'm going to put in my will to whoever Licks across to my eyes and my fingers, but nevertheless Whatever good call we get five six seven. Oh five sixty Pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line you just wait once we catch up with this 85 minute delay if we're still on here by them And you see these phones explode Nobody Q. I am hello. Hey, yes, okay It's funny sometimes life in the case are you know I was thinking about you just the other day because I went to a friend Catholic wedding You know who the presiding priest was father of two dad Actually, I thought that material was better than it was Yeah, you're right keep it in this drop thing and it doesn't drop off until anything is to broken that would be bad You know I'm seeing This thing started have a few issues this whole own system. I you know now that we're taking the calls again. WQAM hello Two am Yes, sir, okay. I you know I listen to show every day by Mr. Show yesterday because I was off the work What was the big chemistry what do you watch everything all about? Well, I was just talking about I don't want to rehash the whole thing was a personal thing about listener out there who I used to meet with the hockey games and we've been you know he got a my space pace. It would be communicating back and forth. He kind of disappeared for a few days I was I found a lot Nobody wasn't like a chronic or something like that. No, no, it was a positive thing is it turned out That's cool. Um, so how about the little you want to talk a little hockey? Can we talk out here? You're going to people start hanging up Yeah, I'm going to be the one that's going to be hanging up. Oh, no, you were the one that was psychic Wait me by that. Well, that guy he called it He thought you were going to hang up and guess what He said people are going to start when he meant we two are in a certain tuning out. He said hang up people do that all the time You know, he said they think the listeners hang up. Well, like when you try radio, duh, or you show it off. Oh, they just hung up, you know, that's That's uh, they're non radio people. He just got meant well. He had very weakly doing it. He meant well. Okay 1962 votes on the pool and we got 41.8% didn't hear the show yesterday including that guy and he see I'm not going to We hash the whole thing for those see that's a bad moment that there were that many people didn't hear the show Yeah, the archives are there for those people that were there. Right. Right. They're on our website. The archives. This is the whole thing. You'll be glued to it You'll be like riveted to it. It's just In fact, you know, I think that they even never keep taking show. Probably was impressed by it. What do you think? I'm sure he was Starring because I'm looking for I need to learn a king like that is great radio. He loved it W to Q a M hello Q a M And maybe this thing isn't working on there you go. There I go. What? I didn't put it down. There you go. Okay. Well, I heard the show yesterday. It was a great show. You're right. And I want to tell you I've been listening to 1982 and I'm the guy that gave you an Spanish correct age. Oh, you're the guy that called into bitch me out because they gave her the wrong age. I don't I didn't bitch anybody out. I think you did all of you that you was 10 years younger than me thought that's all. You were very hostile about it too. You're like we were wounded my life. No, I'm never hostile. Have a great a holiday, pal. You did. It was just too, yeah. I don't know. Just couldn't get to him too. Like almost emotionless. I can understand that he's still stuck in South Florida. He's emotionless. Thousands and 69 votes on the pool and 41 points 6% did not hear yesterday's emotional wonderful radio show for which I should probably win some kind of a radio award. The biggest name. Tell me the more for who had to defeat what's final fraud. I believe it. Oh, Frosty the snowman was a call named for this guy. He was selling drugs. Oh, K-Coke and for the people who were by. Okay. When down to the village, you see blue clientele. Like I like her set. I don't do the drugs. I just like to wait now. But our friend met a tragic end when one day he was stopped. And after he had made the deal, it turned out to be a cop. Oh, now he's in prison. Making love to other men. No, he is in gay, but he had to face the feeling he ends. Pumpkin is from humpkin is from humpkin is from humpkin look at the candy. Rectom. 16 to 5, 60 W to Q.A.M. And of course I'm re-reading this email from your buddy Joe. You're close personal buddy Joe. I don't have I ever met Joe. I don't think so. I'm just curious because you seem to know him so well. And most of our lives. I told you he showed up for a couple of appearances before. Shook my hand. And off he goes. I'm re-developed that thing about smoking the joints with Jacob on. I certainly hope that Jacob doesn't think that when we're going to be meeting for lunch, I'm going to be like number big fat when you know. That I'm into this marriage or we need something big fat. Marriage or we need. Well, maybe part of that. The whole man's security departments newly revealed computerized research assessments of international travelers may violate a specific van that Congress imposed as part of the agency's budget of what it passed here. And we were talking about that ATS crack. The automated targeting system where they're going to like find out how much of a risk you are. Of course in your case. Oh, goes without sand. Some members of Congress in privacy advocates yesterday questioned the equality of automated targeting system or ATS risk assessments that have been assigned to millions of Americans for foreigners who entered the left of the US over the past four years, a or is that USA? It certainly goes contrary to what we have in law represented Martin Sabo, and I'm going to sort of send an interview. I want to be a skin to water Sabo for a sake, I sure hope not. I'm going to leave water Sabo all my money in my will when I die. You have a question. The ATS is the kind of computerized risk assessment we've been trying to prohibit. Homeland security chief Michael Chirtoff, the Uxious Beardive Goop ball, told the AAP. I don't think the prohibition can be read as a plan to this program. The U.S. News Agency doesn't borrow the use of funds for the purpose of analyzing the risk for people entering this country. The Department spoke to him, Russ Nake, not Nake. I wonder if he was kidding. Russ Nake said Congress was in four many times since 2003 that ATS was being used to access to access to access people. Can I ask you a question? The AAP report last week that ATS have been accessing millions of people since 2002. At that time, a law prompted by the attacks of 9-11 required air and cruise lines to give the home and security home and security department advanced data on all passengers and crew and weighing and leaving the country. Jason Fee, a. her an assistant commissioner of customs and border production told AAP, the law passed her data's analyzed by ATS data on rail and some land fair was also been assets he said. A lot of assets in going on. ATS is operated with little public notice from understanding until the description was published last month on the federal register, a fine print company in the federal rules. The Homeland Security departments and notices people could not see their assessments or directly challenge them. The law is a state-owned policy that has been the largest company in the country. The law is a state-owned policy that has been designed to keep the assessments for 40 long-freaky years and share data with state-loaf and foreign governments for hiring, contracting, licensing other decisions and some instances data could be shared with courts and private contractors. Say well the top democrat on the House of Prophears and Semperman in Homeland Security. Road into the agencies spending bills they ban on computerized passenger risk assessments for the past three budget years. whose names are not on government watch list TVC. Say well said they keep going off on these wild scenarios on a regular basis. They should concentrate on making their watch list comprehensive and correctable. Senator Patrick Lee, he of a amount agreed. There's a growing concern in Congress that says program invites abuse and that the administration is following a head with it and a parent violation of the law said that Lee, he member of the counterpart subcommittee in the Senate and coming chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Uncle Sam is watching you. You're risk they got a microscope on your ass and they're watching here move over movie may. I like that they're sniffing every fart you couget. This doesn't make them sure that's reading the right ingredients. Or whatever that is you have some kind of subversive craft in your system. There's nothing worse than a subversive craft out to that. Oh, 185 votes on a poll 41.7 percent. Didn't hear the show yesterday. And you know what? You know what? Then I look at that? They're lost. Yeah. You know what I mean? They're lost. A spectacular show of real gut honesty and truth and outpouring of emotion and you know whatever. It's there in the archives that they want to hear it. Neal Thursday show was I didn't hear it 453.41.7 percent a frightening number out of 1,085. 1,085 that means we're going to have 111 by 111 111 by 111 or 112 by noon or whatever it is. Who cares? You don't care. I finally admitted that too. I don't care. One of the best ever yesterday 115. Could anybody dispute that? Nope, not me. It was okay 112. Fascinating 99. Ponderous 54. It was craft 39. How do you like that after all that outpouring of emotion 39 people say was. Really hurts me that a quick not. Spectacular 29. It was gay 22. And I hate this full 22. But was gay only because I am you know. No, it was a good idea. If it had been a woman or an ugly guy, it wouldn't have gone down that way. Well, that's right. And of course I admitted that it wasn't that case and there was not any. I know where it looks at the second time anyway. Look at all the ugly guys that have come to those talking games. And that's the day weren't nice people. I think they weren't friendly or people that I appreciate them coming by and listening to the show. I don't respect everybody who listens to be a great looking guy. I know. Follow what I'm saying. Not anybody who listens can look like Brady Quinn including Jacob by the way, but nevertheless. It's just that if somebody comes by who I, you know, look at this. Here's a bunch of people sitting. What are they doing? It looks like they were sitting in slot machines, but they're not. See that goes to share where my mind is. Oh, they're voting. Wow. What are you trying? What are you trust more? Stop machines are voting machines. Oh, geez. Slots are easy one. Yeah, at least they're regulated. At least once they're voting. Package. Well, what they isn't Friday? It's Friday. What kind of a package would that be? Well, I'm a financial answer. Government will change is not coming legislation from the new Congress may bring an end to paperless electronic voting. The New York Times enforce in its editions today. By the 2000s, presidential election voters around the country are likely to see sweeping changes and how they can't still balance another's balance are counted right in or being a and Christopher Drew, including an end of the use of most electronic voting machines without a paper trail. Wouldn't that be great? Coating federal voting officials and legislators are being a and Drew report that New Government guidelines and bills in Congress will probably combine to make paperless voting machines obsolete. Good. For the first end of the article says vote counting software will also be inspected by government authorities and the code could be made public. Additionally, states and counties that vote voting machines will have to modify them to hook them up to printers while others are planning to scrap the machines and buy new ones. The article quotes the director of elections website is saying in the last two years, we'll see the kinds of sweeping changes that people expected to see in the 2000s election. The difference now is that we move from politics down to policies. Exhibit some of the regular election. It says motivated and part by voting problems during the midterm elections last month, the changes that the result of a growing skepticism among local and state election officials federal legislators and the scientific community about reliability, reliability, of the paperless touchscreen machines used by about 30% of the American voters. Many of these machines were brought in a rushed overhaul of voting systems under the speed of election of 2000 and issued those hanging chads, baby. Chad is hanging it. But concerns have been growing that in a close election to paperless machines gave election workers no legitimate method of conduct or recouder to check for malfunctions or fraud that it did it fraud. Several counties around the country already considering scrapping their voting systems after problems this year and last week, federal technology experts included for the first time that paperless touchscreen machines could not be secured from possible tampering. The changes will not come without a struggle. Stating local election officials are still reeling from last major or how the country's voting system initiated by the help America vote act in 2002 and some say that $150 million in federal aid proposed by hope would not be near enough to pay for the changes. In other words, it's still on a fixed all the elections and growing a tough. But at least no more people is, we gotta have that paper trail, baby. That's like having a paper trail. The $590 votes on the pool will have $1100 by the top of the RR. No, you're not. 41, 41, 0.6 though to inherit. I mean, obviously I put that on there because it's kind of interesting statistics. Isn't it kind of like a fly opener? But the fact that a matter is, I'm much more interested in the people who did hear the show and hear their tape as opposed to people who didn't hear it. You know what I'm saying? What do you think about that fight last night? Well, I didn't see it. Well, the one you're going to tell me, and then they still haven't opinion. Then again, that's life in South Florida. That's people in general. Appearance are like butts. Everybody's got one. They used to be able to say something else. A-holes. Well, that's it. But that's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, and look at this. They did not have the respond. When I told them that I would put the best cover in my will and it's because they don't fully manned the right. Of course, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And pound five and additionally, what kind of a stranger would take money from somebody they don't even know at all? Much less somebody they, you know, hardly know. Well, it depends on what kind of a string was attached to it. No strings attached. And I forgot to see any of these people hopefully not. Although there might be some people out there in the audience, I wouldn't mind seeing, but then that's another story. And then there might be string attached and they might run like a son of a bitch. W-2-2-2-1, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Oh, okay, good. There's one of them. I'm putting him in my will right now. Alright, I'm leaving it all. I'm hanging it all out there for a month and a line. This thing is working again by the way, the way to show you. And that's because I put it in my mouse pad. Good. What was that a better idea? Yes. Because it was like kind of slopped over there. My little box with the 12-Lines on it. I think like the one you got there that probably doesn't do in it. Oh, that's like it works. Does it work? Just the computer doesn't. I see. Well, now you're getting picky. Oh, I'm working at studio. It's the Beesley, I can't wait. And by the way, if anybody yesterday heard me the show on top of that I'm a crazy person, I am. I work for the Beesley's. Although I'm pitting and by the way, the trick showed up on the 7th yesterday. Thank you to the to Deb and accounting and a Joe Bell for working on that and getting to tang. Even I thank Clarence this morning, which I think I see Clarence here to show you. He thought it was funny. Thought it was great. But he thought it was funny. Do you think it was funny? No, not funny. No, I mean, it was a lot of other things you could like many other words you could you. But certainly wasn't funny. Well, I guess he enjoyed my pain. You know, we heard about how painer. And maybe if I have a lot more pain, Clarence, I have a lot more days off and George can do the show like four or five days away. I'll be emotionally crippled. Maybe even plunging a wood blind. Actually, what's there? I don't think there wasn't. I didn't go anywhere. I went over to the convenience store got my newspapers and my soda and that was it. I just laid out like an emotional cripple. I could hold a washerwoman man like a silly old lady. Span a silly old lady. He's been like a lady. I did during part of his reign. He dressed up as a woman. Yes, he moved as a, did we wear that? Not only did I see the movie, but every documentary. Excuse me. I know you an expert on this crap. The Roman stuff. You betcha. Okay. Two a.m. Hello. Neil, how are you? Okay. Yesterday I was staring at my radio with my jaw in my hand. Right. And just loved it and saw, you know, I've been listening to the sky a long time and if he never sees us too shocked and amazed me. Right. And it was just a lovely. Well, how do you like that? See the little personal whatever it was. How can you kind of humanize me, I guess, you know? It was great. And once in a while it's okay, and I'm sure for you felt better. You can do that. We all, we all love you. And we just want to hear whatever you have to say. And that was great. Well, thanks a lot, Pally. And you got to get the book they did on Larry King. They exposed him. Have you heard about this? Uh-huh. Yeah. We talked about it a couple of days ago. All right. Well, hey, thanks again and have a great holiday from all your fans. And back to you and learn a surf 50 million dollars. Love you. Thanks. How do you like that? He had as he said he had something in his hand. I think he said is a jaw in his hand. And then he said, well, he first did a lot of sound. So, it's $1,99, but it's you watch when we click that baby again. It's going to be $1,100, and then they will fear us. The biggest name. So, best challenge to the faces. We all rock. This is pretty quick. Whatever I shape up all, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 for one hour. Kramer, what is the deal with the old behavior? I got a picture. I thought that was a strange night. I've become a little bit cold. Some heck but cut the message that you was washed off. You did fine, failed. But it won't be a last day. You'd have a bitch in audition that I'm now giving care of things. Sorry, that was me. And then he used to have some things. And everybody's her 30 year-year-year apology. I said, well, I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. I'm not going to be a little bit cold. It's 12.25. I'm happy Friday this summer. This year is zooming on by. We got Josh on vacation next week. It's new year. It'll be like heaven. I'm going to be realized that our 9th anniversary on QMS coming up on another 30th of this month. I'm going to 17th. I'm coming up. Friday 76. Right. A major end course. Your birthday was a two days ago on a six. I'm not. It's a great guy and a good friend. I did not put him in my will. He did not put me in his will. He tried twice to explain how the whole thing works. It was like listening to a trigonometry lecture. I read it. Yeah, he was an old hand at the crap says you know, I was his favorite in fact when you wait 800 pounds I mean crap is probably like a you know, you're a little bit of a little bit of a snorr No question about that little bit the thing in Vegas where he went see I Told it before but probably most people wouldn't believe it. I mean, you know He would go around when we go to the buffet like at the MGM brand and And once once they take your once you paid they give you like a little Ticket and then the hostess takes you to your table and the wait first comes along and if there's the thing is on your table It indicates you paid already So when he would do is he would like find a way to bypass the hostess and it would take what off somebody else's table and put it where he was gonna Sit as if he already paid it's just you know, it's just right not a not a knock. I don't want to knock dead friends, you know, but it's just that was him That was the kind of New York Jew and him coming out for he was a great guy And of course it's just like when Bill Carter died my interest in third bread racing really I just stopped going because see what thing about going to the track most most of us have track buddies, you know You have a good friend that enjoys going to the track as much as you do when you go in and you have a good time And they're gonna know what they're expecting in one of course you hope to just like go to any kind of gambling I hope to but you know, you probably won't but you go for a good time for some entertainment for a few last and in which is case of few free meals Too many free meals baby Too many free meals. I kept saying don't put the rolls on the table and he would take them off the next table when I was looking This is a great suggestion for somebody listening on the internet in derail heartwarming Okay, for today's pool and just an hour of that they got to be questioned here Which I'll play after the break heartwarming and that great heartwarming. Oh, gee. What a great old man Yeah, I wasn't looking for like any brownie points for brownie hunt, but it just you know It was something that really kind of like disrupted me all week and I just I felt a good catharsis would be good right on here and it worked out great Right? Yes, it did got me back in touch with my best personal friend. I'm gonna leave all of my money to whether Somebody just proven to it free. Yeah, just just relax. Okay. I got news for all these my money to whatever one leave it to I'd be like that Put like have a wheel of fortune and you won't be 41.7% Haven't we're not listening to the show yesterday. They missed a heartwarming. Did you put heartwarming on there or not? Yes, we did it was heartwarming it was for me my heart fact. I'm it's still pitter paddling right now Just like that Nobody QA in hello Hello uncle Neil yes, sir. Yeah, can they be that this senior bush was crying because his boy brought down while the greatest country in the history of the world Yeah, he would try to that's right. That's a good point his boy brought America down away to its knees To a level of a tenth world country. I would be crying to but I have my feeling I don't know I think it looks to me like he was seven a breakdown And believe me this week. I know a little bit about having a nervous breakdown. He'll know that didn't that look like that. What do you? I mean, he was just blowing like a baby like oh Dude and picked on him because it was a political campaign in the child's money, you know I just don't get it. I mean, I think maybe he's having a breakdown Of course that's a big family, you know the bush family. It is so huge. Oh there he is walking lotten 94 He had a the people of Florida decide that they'd reelect their governor and all the terrible things They said about Jimmy about fan ashibi who's a compulsive liar and phony and BS artists who ignores And anytime he wants the will be elected We have the bullet train the the officer the gambling the assault whatever it is all by a class size amendment He had his devious plans But the public isn't chanted with him for some strange reason. I have no idea why It'd be cuz he ain't nobody martin is remember him His name ended in Z that's why he got elected Z Let's get on the Z train WQAM hello. I like a large Brooklyn pizza. Okay. Good WQAM. Hello Hey Josh, I want to back you up to if you go to them squat on a rock no you can't be from cash man Yeah squad on this we'd art I do like that picture let's back on my wallpaper again I don't have to say that either I'm just I'm revealing things that don't need to be said you don't say and what do I care? I'm on the way out. I'll be done a week or two whatever or a few months Or 30 years George Whatever know both my parents lived over 90 which is really another story. I'll take care yourself. I got those good jeans Oh, yeah, take care of yourself and don't need anymore that ice cream Now it's just that I had a catch up for a whole week of frustration out here. Well, what are you talking about? 1809 isn't bad. That's damn good 1809 I'm making damn sure that this weekend. I'm not gonna be doing any picking out tomorrow is WS would buy in Saturday And maybe I'll have a big losing day tomorrow and I'll be spending a whole lot of time trying to chase my money You know that's one thing Josh don't chase your money. You know I'm saying and don't feed a cold machine mind don't worry WDL if I lose three in a row. I'm done don't feed it. Three one Keep plays in a row. That's right Yeah, he learned from that brilliant facts. We have to do that when I was somebody most stupid Schmidt I have ever read in my life That was just amazing See my tip to you like if you play if you want to play machine most people shy away from machines They just paid you know Roshy 500 or 1000 like on wheel of fortune on a wheel and they run away not a good idea When a machine starts paying generally it's in the paying cycle and it goes on for a while Of course it could be at the very end of the paying cycle and you're out of luck. You know Maybe it's just one of paying like nine grand in a couple of hours. You don't know you don't know To take your chances and you lose your money. That's what it's all about You do the hokey poke you put your left foot in and you kick Wayne in the ass Remember that he did the hokey poke that one time oh it ball hit and we all lucky he did the hokey poke And hokey for nokey really hokey There was WQAM hello. I think it was a hokey game hello. Yeah, bye. WQAM hello To am We want to put you in a casket rhymes with basket a tiska to task it. Let's throw him a casket smock WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I think what I was told that It was even fine because he realized that that bush would never be the presence Now 560 I got news for this one's not gonna be in my will either one last two and pound five 60 Verizon and sing it around us now. Maybe I got another great idea from the call two calls ago. You know the real short one there Maybe I got a hitman in my will so in other words after I'm dead I don't have to worry about you know paying the paper the consequences that might not be a bad idea Order us to be followed upon my death when and then that's something to think about you can put all kinds of contingencies You know in a will right like they you know you know for example that old though They have to spend the night in a haunted house thing you can have any kind of an elaborate Procedure attached to every dollar in there I See Are you slinking and five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 The Verizon ticket arrived us line the calls are weak. It's December the eighth it's the middle of the you know the hell they see Well see after the new year the way it's gonna go with these calls since you you people are one's out there to one under back and let me also say this You know this is very instructional to me to this old fag is that is that since all these people We find our footing on the full hoodo. I'm listening to the show when we asked to pull about the colors, you know Who knows how many of those people aren't even listeners offering some stupid ass opinion follow what I'm saying Uh-huh just think about that for a while for about half a minute W 2 a.m. Hello QM yes Speaking yes Good Whether why What about it? Contrami the answer for Torabra racing versus the armist racing which one is actually faster Which one is faster the world that run I know yeah the runners are faster Okay, in other words when you're running instead of pacing or trotting is probably faster Okay, I think he had the trots which one is faster? Oh my god. I ain't gonna be in my will. I'll tell you that 1127 votes. Well, I'd say I feel like we've turned I think might like my life turn the cornea to I think You never know don't count your chickens before they were a fan club Why do you Hey man hey It's a Jeff hey I was in your restaurant and it's well like up dog What is up dog? I don't know what's up G. Yo. Yo. Yo Get it? No, okay Wretched yeah, I was in your restaurant my wife and I and she was commenting as I was that it smelled like up dog Like what up dog What is up dog now what's up with you G? Get it Yeah, hi a gazintite Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog Not much what's up with you G Was having dog I'm BC what you one your play smelled like up dog. Okay, bye get it Yeah, how are you? Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog What is up dogs? I don't know what's up with you G get it? From 17 at five 60. Nobody who have that was by request from our listener in derail who said the show was heartwarming Although we don't have any votes for our woman yet, and that's that's a little bit too a survey for our crowd They don't want to pee on me that much you know what the The Reverend speaking of that the Reverend Ted Haggard this week formerly begins his long journey tour recovery from a drug in peace And force them to step down as one of the most influential evangelical leaders in the nation. They're all full of crap Haggard 50 has turned himself over to a team of counselors who are assessing his spiritual emotional and mental conditions The Reverend H.B. London What if he's kind of Ryan London Who's helping me guide Haggard to the process? London and two other passes will those that a rigorous restoration plan Recraming Haggard to spend hours each week in counseling Bible study prayer and soul bearing talks by phone or in person with his mentors Maybe that's why I had on the show yesterday soul bearing talk you think it was buried. I was bare The teams first asked me to push Haggard to announce any additions and come to an honest understanding of his sexuality Ted is not in touch with me. All these said the Reverend Mark Howard or friend the mentors can confront Haggard or revu-come Forcefully and he also asked him to submit to a polygraph test Ted says he's not a homosexual said the Reverend Mike were a good friend the restoration team at one experts That to evaluate that and that's gonna require a whole panel of people to figure that one out the finger it out Haggard's high-profile ministry collapsed last month after a male prostitute when I'm talking radio to a legend that the pastor regularly paid him for sex over the last three years Mike Jones who advertising gave publications as a masseur and his ugly is my ass Also said he had seen Haggard take methane fedamine. Oh Haggard denied the accusations at first but when Joan produced two voice ea Evoic male messages from Haggard the passage of city and hide the prostitute from massage and it purchased meth only the throw it away And letter to his congregation Haggard admitted that he had succumbed to desires that were what I say succumbed to desires that were contrary to everything I believe in teach. I'm a deceiver and a liar Haggard wrote absolutely there's a part of my life that is so we pulse of in dark That I've been worrying against it all my adult life Haggard resigned as president the National Association of Evangelicals a powerful post that brought him in frequent contact with a White House He was also dismissed as senior pastor of new life the church He founded his basement group of congregation of 14,000 Since his public confession Haggard has concluded himself with his wife Gail and they're five children Those close to him say he's humble to shamed and grieving yet prayerful that the scandal might strengthen his family in his faith It seems to be a time of hope since Carolyn Haggard is niece New lives trustees are working on a servant's package to sustain Haggard who earned about 440 grand a year and his wife Horned about 50 grand a year for work with women's ministries a associate pastor Rob Bendell said the Haggard is also received a generous outpouring of gifts from congregation members and fooding donations Well, he can if you read a call those messurers, you know Could have cost a lot of money Those post to the restoration will not say whether Haggard will undergo therapy to try to eliminate same sex attraction He's gonna want to go therapy to try to eliminate same sex attractions. Maybe a lobotomy But the conservative question leader the umptuous James Dobson a close friend to say the healing process Which could last years will probably end to eliminate any homosexuality When it doubt life it out my for cleaning Well, white evangelicals as a group tend to view homosexuality is a lifestyle choice not an inborn trait because they don't the ranch for my elbow With 50% of six percent holding that sexual orientation can be changed according to a poll taken to someone by the pew for a Mon religion public life back in pairs in the same poll showed 31% of Catholics in 22% of white man on Protestant belief that changes possible They should lose so long In addition which who wants to change ever besides Reverend Ted In many evangelical congregations many women with same sex attractions are expected to use prayer and Bible study Delphemy's just a temptation to sin Haggard comes from a charismatic finish and it puts a special emphasis on the devil's corrupting influence He has described supernatural versions of demons waiting to affect newborns with sinful desires Demons the devil may be do it with a pitchfork and a tail The theology of constant spiritual warfare is what some of his followers to blame Haggard's fall not any personal weakness But on Satan's cunning that's Satan man. He is cunning watch out for his wicked ways As congregation member Jan Long 60 put it the enemy wants to destroy us the beast You know the beast I want to destroy such constructions where the Reverend totally can't pull away liberal evangelical leader who helped God President Clinton spiritual restoration after the monocopusiness the idea that this is a matter of some evil spirit Taking a little misleading to Haggard for a disaster he said he may have a tendency to pretend that he's been delivered from his homosexual feelings and all as well Can policity hope the restoration team would have press upon Haggard? There is no easy fix these are problems so struggle with for life for a lifetime That's so we're just problem a lifetime Haggard has been more liberal than many evangelicals on gay rights issues for example he backs domestic pardon partner benefits He has preached unequivocally the homosexualities in moral and those who persist in same sexualizations will not be welcome Envives kingdom. I guess what some of us would rather be with the devil have it a good time His restoration team largely shares this theology includes two veteran pastures of evangelical mega churches The Reverend Jack W. Hayford 72 of An eyes and Reverend Tommy Barnett 69 of Phoenix both pastures like Haggard Draw on the charismatic tradition including speaking in tongues. I V Wow The third member of the team love and success Mancels and vice president of Dawson's conservative ministry of folk. Ocas focus focus focus on the family Which for what's therapy to help gays must be in change their sexual orientation? Maybe some of us might want to have I got an idea. I just had an inspiration from this how about some therapy to help say it change some head of a sexual From their sexual orientation Not that I have anybody in mind. How's that sound? Yeah, you're gonna start a program. Yeah, I'm threatened my own program. It's a hands-on deal As director passed a lot reach for the Colorado Springs Base Ministry London's council hundreds of clergy with a minute moral failings up to have to make it to the rehab They grow weary of the regiment and drop out. He said those who stick with the process of them feel almost Unbearably isolated many of run for years on the adrenaline that comes from power and recognition and suddenly it's gone one and said the phones not ringing people don't need you Like us the phones that while phone is ringing I'll get to you when I feel like it the restoration team Notting to return hungry to ministry addressing the new life combination last month his mentor the Reverend Larry stocks to later a much more modest goal For past your tent of recovering up to serve God with joy with dignity and hope in his heart the congregation We spotted what a standing-ovation all right lives here forever and ten Faggot I mean Whatever the second yeah 1149 boats on the pool we got all backup over 42 again didn't listen to the show yesterday 42.1% don't you feel really bad and depred help I Don't either but they should they should they should they should for you really down the dumps and by the way heartwarming slides no votes. Oh Zero wasn't a heartwarming Who I thought it was heartwarming for me heart my heart's warm My pulse is uh my pulse isn't as in my heart isn't as bad as it was early in the week my heart was uh breaking Anybody buying it? No, it was depressing It was just a personal you know a blip on the radar screen in life we all go through these things right all of these things WDQ I am hello Hey, you know, I'd like your opinion on something Yeah, okay, I'm listening I had a frozen hot dog the other day and I put it right and we're just okay, yeah, okay, and you're boyfriend Put a little mustard on it. Oh, that WQ I am hello Q I in See this thing your worst when it feels like you're Q I am hello Hey, you need a wonder if you were able to catch the cockfight speed now cockles to Friday I dropped them okay, well, it was me it was my finger. Yeah. I got a quick finger Rock was super ready. We're not not to be confused with rock was if a really That's a old news very old news. I'll need to appoint old people man old news like and they're saying They're still around I even Peter earth is still around, you know Wouldn't be surprised to me that what what's his name to your buddy Ron Jeremy? He's probably still around He doesn't like appearances places and things. I know and the fact that people actually go to see him and shake his hand and like He on his legs that that's to me is just amazing Would you shake his hand? I wouldn't I wouldn't I did shake his hand. I yeah when your buddy Albrott him and they're an introduced when he waddled in there the two of them together How have we got all three of us in the suit together is a mystery me and Algo seen around Jeremy I greased the doorframe the building was shaking and probably your buddy fat boy was around somewhere two at the time 26 past noon at five sixty WCM Everyone I'm so this is Christmas When we sing we all like But as soon as you hear your dough I wish you'd try proud of the mic you want to help the yes you go You Yes Thank you very Christmas These amen yeah, he's probably better off, you know With the bitch like that. She sure could sing or ranging off. What about that Julian Lennon? Can he have a golemount? He does all right by the way you'll be very pleased to know I just got an email from our mutual close personal friend He says he's still got that big fan one rule about for you at your sister's bringing over by the way I'll bring the light if maybe I should read that email from Joe again because certain people weren't listening were gonna show Jacob's next neighbor Joe. I think I'm gonna be Joe my Hey there you go Adam, I jump in a leave Joe all my money in a while is a hard working man there you go Nice hard working guys. We love this show and ever so afraid train He emailed George one you get this Oh, yeah, it was here. Yeah, when I come can't get this morning So small world Jacob was my next or neighbor. I voted gutsy Neil's always had an aura about him is a kind of tough guy and this was him an available situation totally human Yeah, always been a real tough guy like John Wayne or Fey Wayne, you know He says I like Jacob we've burned many joints together. I do see him from time to time still I'm gonna tell him he was an idiot to be the old man in the old man's will right now I think this brought me a little push it was audience Joe says he probably embarrassed about the whole situation Which I'm not I'll say it again I'm not but to those of us who always will admire him that was a side of him that's never been witnessed and one thing that brings him down to our level Me, say that to our love. I didn't notice it the first time I read that I think I liked the old man a little more now enough said peace Joe there. He got us Jacob's ex neighbor Joe He's got a big family rule up for a two-joy George. You ought to have a little weekend. I'll make the round very mellow weekend sounds like to me Love it. I'm gonna no see if nothing else that you're a confl me and then in the email I just got obviously you see that that's another thing See I don't know that most people out there will want to take any crap from their friends and people You know and stuff like that or like online and what was people would want that right? But I think that there are some people out there kind of like having the old hand bone in them and they enjoy being in the line My drama queens. I'm not drama. I get out of here. You you after all I'm sure would have finally like give my life back to you And here you go you are Smoking yourself to you. I could don't give it to this turn. Okay You are the absolute worst drama queen my ass Some people just like attention. That's all that's right and in my case there's some people I like to lavish attention on That's just me and I just the way it is and I don't apologize for it or embarrassed by the way They go that's just who I am. You know anybody don't like it. That's you. Are you two joys bitch? 1167 votes on the pool. I guess I better read the result of that because I thought it was a sensational show And and again once in a lifetime show because if I ever had to go through the soil experience again I think right to the balcony and off a timelago over the edge. You know I just I don't need that. I just ain't gonna do it The Osteris they show was what 167 vote Didn't hear it 42.4% for 95 again that that to me is probably the most revealing thing about this whole pooper Do to that and maybe again it's be a you know byproduct of the time of the year people are busy busy and I like run poop I know you are busy busy But thanks Ron for coming on your own information and peddling this crap Didn't hear it for 95 it was gutsy 147 what a ball's yield queen man to come on here and like bear his soul for the world See what a schmuck he is And by the way, I don't make any apology for that either the fact that I made you know that offer just it was a premature and stupid But like you say stupid but I know a poll just a nice guy Neil show is one of the best ever 125. That's what I voted for and I'm doing the show I think I have a pretty good grasp by I'm saying At least I try to get a really good grasp on it 125. It was okay 117 fascinating 102 Pandorus 56 crap 41 See these and people are trying to like warn me to say crap You know of course I put the choices on a pool in the first place since I make most of these pulls up myself And also it was in George puts on her it was a 34 said it was gay What I'm not in my idea? Who's idea was it that came in on the facts or something you never did you ask if he say that? Or it was a collar I don't remember yeah, see I remember maybe we'll have to run the it's safe back and play it all over here Well, let's play the whole three hours from yesterday all over again. Oh, please I think how hot he heard What does that mean? He just had your free 18 lunches from always when he complained about got people with fattings waiting for me Just being careful with your yeah, he he already a smoke he's smoking out one after what you said before about drama queen I'll just bust him and you didn't talk about me That's what that's exactly what I was talking about. Oh Not a solve. That's right with that thing Neil Thursday show was gay 34 spectacular 29 I hate this full only 22 a soul mentality 1.8 percent And heartwarming none. I thought heartwarming was you know Good well, it's appropriate It is appropriate it was heartwarming to see this and of course with you what were you? Oh, it's cute you know cute like like I'm some kind of a child, you know, yeah, you are and of course when you get to be an old man or an old lady What if you become kind of like a dot real? Boy I see some of these people especially it would buy me What the what the women do they husband they they make them like you can do Subticons like Subhuman you know they've crushed their spirit over there You're right first spirit they worked them into the ground. They've switched off these all their money There was this old couple the other day. I just wanted to cry and And all me in this case he was she was nagging oh, no, you're gonna lose them five dollars you got to put in there and lose it anyway Five bucks if he if you that way about five bucks what are you doing in a gambling place anyway? You idiots Right so do you want me to refax you the facts that's just a gay or people? No, I take your word for it I trust you implicitly and I'll put you in my will for about 10 bucks What you're not going in my win I know Let me Okay, because George is great. I appreciate him more than he realizes he's been on the show what 15 years 16 16 16 years Of course it was my idea when we came to I OD which I think cut George and everybody else off guard by surprise Because we used to play those best up tapes on my vacation to when I wasn't new I was my idea to put George on your make him into a touch your guy. Yes What you had said it on the air with no warning at all right? I didn't even ask you just said And and Worked out great and I appreciate it so I appreciate you very much, but he've already given me more than I ever could have wanted Okay More than I expected That's that me that's talk about it. Jesus God I'm talking about you gave me a livelihood Yeah, as opposed to you know just some cash You fed my freaking family cash. I give you was on your birthday ever. I sent him two grand on his birthday You pay my car payments That's right. I'm the reason I pay his car pay me well, and that was not I got Snookered in a van because once upon a time when we had the Kendall for it The thing that was a tradeout and I had the car and I gave it to you so in effect I was paying you know I was providing with the car so I felt that after that whole deal ended I just you know as a gesture and something I'm saying where you got a cheap automobile A cheap vehicle. I was gonna ask Josh and season activities been on the show what like you almost two years now A little over two years over two years. Let's hear it for Josh too Okay, because Jake was making a lot of money. He says the leave you in as well. I didn't say Let's all go up here as I'm the same fall or man 16 years what do you think I you think I should leave George or something someone I quote because he's gonna be rather than me Well, or you Ask him Josh now you bug off. I say yes, and I think that you're a softening you you are gonna do it anyway without you know you talent George It was it was not my intent. Okay until this conversation And that's usually that I'm not the nice guy that you're where things are no not not that I was not out of a difference You're a lack of appreciation. It's just that you can't you can't lead money to everybody no, I know and I'm not a I Think you're just a softening That's Bagels And they don't get to celebrate Christmas We are laughing They are crying They get crap for a day and No I Oh Christmas Wow, you know something we'll survive without it even the atheist we'll survive without it and You ain't got boxing day. How do you like that? Well, we could have we wanted to but you don't we don't I still haven't figured out exactly what it is You know the bricks you got it the Canadians got it and today after this is 26 and what's in the box? So there we go. We had 119 votes for that well over 1200 by the time we get to one o'clock And I'm very impressed by that especially it's this time of the year people are busy as hell They're running around like crazy people crazy like put them just like that 42.2% the audience though who I'm sorry 42.2% the voters on our poll didn't hear the show yesterday I think we need to do a little investigative work on that, you know, find out what their story is and you're right They can hear it on the archives over and over again. They can We want to hear it. I'm just not into a hearing stuff a second time. No, me Senator John McCain regardless the top president's okay for the 2008 election is lined up a controversial attack Ed specialist To be his campaign manager. Ross story. His learn how do you like that great and a tag Ed specialist is gonna be his campaign manager the holy moly John McCain he is so fake man. He is so airzots Chris Saluta Right said the Washington Post political blog be fixed that equator a source posted in McCain operation the candidate is lined up Terry Nelson The service campaign manager once McCain's campaign becomes official and it's got a picture of Terminal scenario looks like he's sucking on a quince Not seriously he's got that Molin up the teacher like blowing up like some we put a bicycle pump at a back of his neck and stuck out along You near and blew it up Nelson along with Carl Roe protege Scott how I produced a controversial ad in tenancies 262 s center race between her old for junior and Bob Corker and which a white woman seductively invites an off-cam or forward to color Remember that spot that grotesque racist bond Forward an unmarried African American and Corker the white former mayor of Chattanooga who eventually won the open Senate seat both criticized the ad the NAACP said the ad was a powerful and you window that plays to preexisting prejudices about African American men and white women especially in a place like Tennessee Allen and good planish red necks You know Several places that I'm not interested in living one of them is Tennessee and another one is Lakeland that I just mentioned that in passing It's not the only controversy in the career of Nelson's service political director the 2004 both changing the election team He was supervisor over James Tobin the convicted new hamster GOP operative who scheme to jam democratic phone lines in the 2002 E-Rexia election season Nelson along with a swift boat ad that were in Chris Lasavita was part of a grassroots political strategy firm that aligned closely with working families for Walmart a non-profit heavily funded by the retail giant Due to fall off from the Corker red under pressure from civil rights activists wallmarks ties to Nelson were severed How do you like that boy this Walmart man their finger everything that's evil in the they're fingers in it Yeah, good question. He was also involved in a disgrace to you'll be representative Tom Delays for the collection committee campaign Finance Fiasco and Texas became the already heard Nelson early this year a senior advisor to his own Pack straight talk America Straight talk about gay talk America. That's more like it. That's an E-Rexia show man. It's gay talk America 1191 we're um ancient toward that 1200 total on a pool Don't forget we have to mad dog at Hooters Hard Rock how about that the Semarals by my phone and hard rocks? How about that? I don't know it's on the news last night. I wondered why I guess that big of a story I don't care who owns it. I don't hang out of the hard rock. It's just not my cup of tea If I'm a straight guy looking for some hot chick and I want to you know booze it up and I'll go to the hard rock There you go, but I'm you know when I go to Vegas. I love the MGM grand. Got its grand What are you now? I'm sure you've been in there right, huh? I stayed there You stay there. Yes. Well, what's not to like can I give you a little I don't know you know about the eating situation you had at the MGM grand But the room service food there is as good as any restaurant you'll find in town I know that the I hit the buffet. I remember in the MGM There's a buffet. I don't do buffet. Well in Vegas. They're good and I remember standing line I'm not gonna stand in line and there is no buffet that I've ever seen this word by standing online There's no line. I just go. I think it goes away time. That's right. Okay, and I don't know line We've ever seen the lines and dinner and lunch time when it's not all my guy go ahead I don't remember the name of the place, but I'm not a big fan of it, but they had the best cornbread I've ever eaten in my life in the MGM Cornbread sure I like I like two helping Like really keep it coming My humble fan at the MGM grand. Yes, or the buffet you may know it's like the little restaurant You know, I don't remember the name the little restaurant. Well, I got 80's in restaurants and they've also got oh See what's the Italian stuff he got those frozen pizzas. What is his name? Oh boy Shep boy R. D. No, no, seriously. They got what is the name of that joint man? They give you portions that are never like 45 people giant portions. Oh, man Girl may pieces. I'll think of it. Oh, I got to do it. In fact Google Google LIMG and Grandwriters sitting there on your ass And the seat that those two restaurants you know, I'm talking about I can't believe I've had a brain fart and can't think of it I've been under a lot of stress all week. Okay. It's been very stressful, but very productive week And I'm a very happy old man See one thing you know about me is it and this is lucky. You know, there's some people you can never please them You know me they're always what do you? What are we gonna do now? I like very difficult to please. I'm a very simple person in more ways than one I don't need to have like eight million different things going on in my life to make me a happy camper just you know Yeah, I'm an I need on the pool Neil series. They sure was all look at that. Thank God 41.9% Wonder 42. I feel so refreshed 503 didn't hear it It was gutsy 150 one of the best ever one 29. It was okay one 19 not great, but okay, okay Fascinating 105 ponders 56 crap 42. It was very gay 41. Yeah, my end I guess Spectacular 29. I hate this full 23 one point nine percent heartwarming finally got a vote Maybe the person that suggested that finally got one so I meant they Uno so Tomto Uno Out of 1203 we got our 1200 lick-down. Now you got the mgm grand on there I got a list of stuff. I mean, I don't know what the hell Ah, gee am I gonna have to do this come on now you usually are pretty good on this so Google and stuff Yeah, I got all of the restaurants and the mj haven't front of me. I just don't know We need them we need to get me the list. Okay. I'm going down the line here. Okay go ahead crash steak Crafts steak knob hill Pearl yeah C blue and rolls which I beat them and we'll throw emerald a gassy. Oh man mark Miller grill room. Yeah Wolfgang puck that's it looking schmuck. No, not for me. It was Wolfgang puck. I've heard of it. I said Italian It is an Italian restaurant. Oh, okay It's a little paragraph on no you don't know from Wolfgang puck he has like frozen gourmet pizzas and he's a very famous chef In schmuck oh Yeah, I'm thinking maybe he had not there like early next year Cuz I gotta go to that Place out and they what is that red the candy whatever that places red my hanging I don't know what that is. I'll have to ask you buddy Jacob when you're smoking a fat one with him I have to go out there and squat on a big rock and get my picture I Don't know what this about that picture, but it's just so I should be a postcard. I mean even forgetting even Never mind. What's that? I Got into squatting yeah, squat on this well, how's he doing by the way when is last time he had him on? I appreciate the groaning recently. He's doing well as well. I was gonna be expected that's good. That's excellent Hope you do well suddzo You know his Irwin you deserve a wonderful life and his wife works like crazy. He sits on his ass All day watching cartoon and his wife is very nice is wife is a sweetheart. Yes, she is She comes up to your knee camp, but that's beside the point. I mean, I love think about that couple They're little people they match yeah, pan pocket sized pan and so it's like Sometimes you'll see some big big tall guy and some little shrimpy woman or you'll see some big tall broad and would like a Jockey you know for a husband. Yeah, like us like me and you wonder and like you in your wife that's right your wife is a big lady and you're like a little magic And of course so maybe maybe that should have told you something in the first place that you never see But ever oh, I see yeah, sorry Q I Really baby. Yes, sir Congratulations great show. Yes, I thought it was very hard warming How warming is a good word for it won my other cockles of my heart? I can believe that and I can't believe so many people didn't hear the show the classic I know 42% almost of the odds didn't hear it well, that's way cause after real shame Well, I mean, I thought the lose in my son's identity. Okay, that's really fine Yes, what by Wednesday? I hope that the blonde broad is there again. Oh, yeah, I'm I'm tired of people whining to me Okay, I have plenty of losing days there man. I lose my ass And I you know, and it doesn't it doesn't please me and I'll wind a people I know about it. You know But I'm not gonna wind the strangers. Oh, gee these things are killing me. I'm losing two grand area like that Well, what did they care they got see everybody who's gambling has their own problems their own issues You know same oh yeah, they got their own deal going Now when you win something good like the other day when at bitches I mean at very nice ladies sitting there two machines away from me nobody in between and I hit the two grand on a line And the bell goes off you know and like it's sitting there. Yeah, what what? Once you had a jackpot it doesn't disappear just stays until they come and pay when it's a bit you know over 1500 And so a sitting in the bells going off in lights going so you know, and there it is So it's not like I get up and now say look at that. I just hit two grand. Yeah, I just don't do that kind of stuff I mean if it's somebody that I know Like one of my lady friends there remember the first time I said that Yeah, but my lady friends with one and right away. Oh gee here that meals got lady We're not that kind of lady friends. Okay What if everybody who you're friendly with is somebody you're gonna like hop on your bones Is that I think it all thing I sure is he'll be a scared to hell out some of you people By the way, you're gonna leave me in there will I don't they leave me in there will let that I Ever that three years nobody Nobody ever in fact my mother didn't leave me in a well because I insisted that she didn't because I already owned her condo And I made nice profit on by the way But yeah, I told her leave it to my brother. He needs it worth the night it wasn't that very nice of me And yeah, I was not that she had much sleep any. I don't know how much she had maybe that was some mistake Three people now say that the show yesterday was heartwarming that made that in fact look at that Putting my hand on my heart right now and I can almost feel something No, no, I can't play that one I cute up there wrong, but That's got the V word anymore than one so it's a little bit a little bit more than joy I think it's for her to handle today. Okay. It's got the V. You know like victory me perfect Me perfect. Oh, I didn't write that what a great segue though Britney says I on any rate Jacob says Joe's a good guy is his next neighbor and that was Joe said it was his next neighbor That's what they both said and I emailed back and said even George likes it. We must be a good guy because you're such a heart That's right After a netty immediate firestorm my flash you were apparent a lack of underwear to the paparazzi Britney Spears is finally On the it's end of the story chopped off. Oh, no That's bad. What are these days? It's been so long. I'm never gonna do that if I have to go through all that every time I think it's just it's too much crap. It's not it is it's less than you're going through now. Yeah It's been so long since I've been out on the town with friends this singer writes and posting Yesterday on her website poor little Brittany all poor baby It's also been two years since I even celebrated my birthday every move I make it this husband managed magnified more than I expected a way too far She says I went a little too far anyway. Thank god for Victoria's sequence new underwear I look forward to a new year new music and a new me she's got her new Victoria secret underwear line In a wasp on time I think I'll be straight kind of world world want to see that now and that's sure want to see it You're still sorry Spears the mother of her two young son so later 25 birthday December two she's been unleashing her inner wild child since Divorcing her husband of two years For reason I tell her I don't want to hear about Lindsay low hand people still these are people I just I don't want to know from them I don't want to hear about them. They're just not of any interest to me. Sorry I've no interest to this old queen. Sorry very much man. I don't know Paul. Yeah 567.0560 pound 560. You know you have to look on the calendar and see when it's inukia Is that because I'm playing these honic abits, but I don't hear anything about Hanukkah Because it's a gray show of health as the Chinese say Oh too many guy a man That's what Alan Finkelson used to tell me rest in peace now. There was a great guy. Did you ever meet Alan Alan Finkelson once yeah, I think it starts next week. What does it say if they're done? Yeah the 15 Friday really No, so it's almost to nuka man Hanukkah You got them an oracana oran light a few candles light a candle for Jesus. I'm sorry It's just I don't know The coincidence that all these big major holidays occur at the same time you know Christmas in the Hanukkah almost at the same time Eastern and pace off pass over the same time must be just a coincidence anything. No, no Everyone's got to have a little something to play with yeah every time the rattle We got to play the rattle song. I hate it. It's great. No, I played it just yesterday right Played different. No, it's just long in the kills a lot of good time 567.0560 pound 560 and he Verizon and singular wireless line on a fabulous Friday Boy of all the Fridays that we've heard I don't know why but just when I just need this Friday All this week is gone by fast enough like to almost like a nervous breakdown WQAM hello Uncle Neil how are you sir pretty good sir all right a George listen You think you got it mad at it. I got to tell you my wife's Puerto Rican and Jewish so now I do we We'll pray Hanukkah I'm lucky if I get it once a month let alone that and so my son Santa with At seven years old is well over a thousand dollars But what that being said you got Christmas and then her birthday is January 12. Yes, so What that being said as well? I love when people like Britney Spears and whoever else All-way having celebrated a birthday and all these other stuff Did you hear anything? I loosely bvery night and Neil I just gotta tell you I love you. I've listened to you for years I'm only a little whipper snap of like Joshua there, but I've listened to you for as long as I can hear words But just so you know All this other stuff with these other channels It doesn't even compete and all about sports and all this and that yeah, he had a pop-up I'm happy to be put about ran it's just it's just beyond ridiculous. I have a question for you though, Neil I think Okay, when was it that you decided to be the smart ones to get that heck out of South Florida? Rip that review mirror never looked back when was it? Yeah, yeah five years ago It all right take it easy guys. Okay, I like your pal. Good luck good luck with that bitch I mean, I dumped a bitch right now, but nevertheless now maybe she's just a very nice person. Okay, maybe she's a kid Maybe they're really in love I mean, I could be just because people are in love doesn't mean they don't have a issues, you know, do it right But then again there's you and your wife 130 About the kids and we're back 42.1% didn't hear the show yesterday, but that's really a shame I really feel bad for you people man You would have been just on pins and needles you'd have been on the edge of your seat you'd have been just emotional Maybe they don't want to be in a wash or wreck. I don't know Governor Bill Richardson Democratic domestic always told the universe Fox news that he's running from president in 2008 That's what they said that was a story they put on but then come to fight out according to Rosjory That Fox news incorrectly reported that he was running and he's not I've dealt with the issues that are very important today National Security immigration energy Richardson said I didn't know that he felt his Latino heritage will help us campaign Running as an American was proud to be Hispanic and Yadiyadiyani, but of course come to find out that it was incorrect Because Richardson's office since the lie that he feared his candidacy That's a fox news here to anybody else. So they just make it up as they go along a fox news unfair unbalanced and full of crap 233 votes we already just did that But I'm just the thing about the 42.1 percent that is just I'm actually that even the audience out there just shell shocked Because we've been doing these polls for how long about 200 years now Yeah, I think that What did I start doing to show is here was it March? Yeah See I came up here you want you recall that whole episode about the re-rextending my deal and hold it on Greg waited I was coming up here for the weekend and Greg waited until 1230 which is when I was leading you were doing 1232 and he waited It's like 1220 to come in there to give me the sign the thing like a schmuck like he is And then I come up here and I had a find a place so they could put a studio in here I was gonna buy a place and I was very lucky just a miracle that I found this so I actually rented the place in November Five years ago and then I started doing a show in March So in March it'll be my 31st anniversary would be five years doing most of the show is from Toronto Hello now all of the shows if anybody thinks I'm doing any shows down here Never I told Joe that he said okay You can do the show for more of you want do it from your latest Five six seven I could do it for my home in plantation Have a guess for lunch every day five six seven oh five sixty and Pond five sixty for rotten and singular wireless line WQ a M hello Q a M On look what just happened here. Oh no I don't know why that's happening here. We know but that but that the thing comes on there It's Not an associate producers not connected yet. I think it's on your end as usual WQ a M hello Oh Not there well too bad WQ a M hello Hello Neil yes, sir Hey I've got through but anyway I just want to let you know like yesterday a lot of us out there You know some of us got to work but a lot of us missed the show so I'm sitting on 10th of Neil's over here wondering what that happened I missed a hour. I mean I was listening to a 11 about 11 to 12 I took lunch When I was at lunchman I was wondering where the real heavy duty stuff came up Yeah, I know it but I can't take it anymore. You're not even re-checking you recap a little bit of what happened or Okay, I'll tell you I hang up and go to the radio. I'll recap it in 10,000 words or less Thanks, man Okay, well there's so many people that didn't listen for whatever reason from the 11 to two part of the show And what happened is that I you know came on here with the embarrassing honesty and talked about it in some of my head because we have the my space page and it was a listener Who had they used to come to the hockey games and the appearances and so on name Jacob who had the moved off to Lakeland for I don't know how long he was there and came back and was listening to the show again a big fan somebody I like a lot a lot Not a sexual friend. I don't know what you understand that not a sexual situation, but just a friend somebody I like Anyway, he got in touch with me on a my space thing and we started emailing back and forth and then he like And not him but I was the one that said a while and you know what we got to be a good friends online Which you can do that, you know not a total stranger somebody I knew a little bit And I offered to put him as one of four people in my will when I croak which there is a very substantial amount of cash in there And he disappeared I scared him off is what it tore out in boiled down to lunch for like three or four days Didn't respond to my emails my voice meals forget about it didn't pick up the phone and that was the end of that And we just tore my guts out because this is somebody I really like a lot and they know Even those your things have a full-ish old queen, but then I am maybe and And so anyway, I buried the whole story on here admitting even the thing about the will which again most people wouldn't have the But that's why the you know the number one choice on the pull is gutsy That's why when your buddy Joseph gutsy it was gutsy which is rare for me, you know right in addition Which is nobody's freaking it. It's not there for you. You do that kind of thing all the time. I do The put listen nothing more person your pants is nothing like offering to put somebody in your will That you barely even know Because you are obsessed in the like the person a lot. I don't know I might through a whole long explanation about you know how I feel about people and yada yada and it was a it was a very interesting show If you ask me it was great Far be it for me to paint myself on the back, but I'm proud that I did it and the George C. George is the one that the push me to do it And I said I was gonna write it I Maybe I know why they make myself look like some kind of a fool, you know some kind of an emotional cripple But then again who I must say has never had a period of time when we weren't in emotional cripple, right? Right, right George he's an emotional cripple all the time, but then again He's got issues, you know Well, I feel for you and just because Josh said I had to do it I wouldn't leave you like a couple of more emotional cripple. I would have blown my brains out a long time ago Now I would have gone to the balcony Tuesday and jump right off of my upper in it But it's too cold out there, man That's not cold the die It's too cold the jump This is real rock first for Shreddie of 560 You a And One two three four more bombs drop Five six seven eight more bombs drop I ain't 10 livin' to a more bomb drop we're gonna drop the bomb Around this black we're gonna drop them bombs and they go dead Loose that red right off their heads we're gonna bomb around the bottom I'm too nice we're gonna bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Out there like we're gonna bomb Right I'm not too nice, we're going to bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Out there like we're going to bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Round the clock tonight You're fair, this is stuck to the board What a f***ing party, I'm on 116, been at 5.60, W.M. Maddoff from the Hooray's Hard Rock Cafe Two o'clock, we got the power, I always hankin' in Maddoff near the other 4 to 5 The Humper 5 to 7, and then after that, well, we got any K-10 In between 7 and 10, I don't want to hit it We got Craig Mission there for me to know how to see doing anybody heard him? No, the Meta, Josh? No, I haven't got a chance to listen to him I heard there's no punches pool in our net show The governor's office is reviewing, and I'm not going to be forget about this I just want to say one thing about wheels, I was just thinking about this Because I'm never really big on that whole deal But I was just thinking, you can put anybody you want in your wheel You know, if they have their permission for it, or you don't have to tell them about it Correct, correct, you're secret And then when you croak, somebody gets in touch with them And says, oh, by the way, I got news for you So I'm just like you $40 million, whatever you know, right? Surprise! Nobody leaves me a dime I'm not asking for that, because I got plenty of cash, man I'm sure we're not, I'm sure we're not cash, sure But nobody leaves me like, you would think after all these years I've heard of math, or anyone years that some old bag would have looked me like Oh, that $10 million for old meal, he gave me so much joy And not like that, would you think? You never happen Never freaking out, and not a dime So if there's any old parts out there, listen to me for a very long time And appreciate it, the free entertainment and thought I was a real hoot in the hall I'll leave me a few million, you know, or few, whatever I'll take it, and I'll share it with George and Josh And Jason, I'll just put it, I'll just, in Jacob's case, I'll just put it on I'll put money under his doorstep, you know, he'll never know where it came The Governor's Office is reviewing City Commissioner Carlton Moore's driving habits And his behavior during a recent traffic stop based spokesman said yesterday Moore was ticketed Sunday for knowingly driving on a suspended A life suspended a sentence, baby, suspended a license The activities report shows that more immediately identified himself as a city commissioner And but if they city commissioner ID card instead of a driver's license, how do you like that? Governor, FNS Governor Jim Bush's office is looking at the matter based on the initial Media reports said deputy spokesman Anthony Deloitte's, I wonder if he's related to Dom, you know, Dom Deloitte's You're fairly Bush's office is not looking at all I do love fat so man You know, I was thinking about, I was thinking about the fact that I got those emails Which now I guess is like five and two days from my close friend Jacob after he'd vanished for three days And I was thinking about that scene in fat so Would Dom Deloitte's where he, you know, he's having a fling with the, what was your name? Oh, I forgot, my whatever name was And she vanishes for a couple of days because her mother got the, definitely ill and boss into something And I had to go in the hospital and she disappeared And Sylvia, let's just say that her name was Sylvia And there's that one scene, the phone rings and Dom picks up the phone and of course it's Sylvia And he has the conversation and he's like, oh, oh, whatever And he goes to junior and he says, that was Sylvia, she wants me Remember that? Right, that is such a great movie And bad crawfish and genius man, I love and bad crawfish She was just, I would like to have had lunch with her one day, but now she's dead Would you like to have lunch with Anne Mankron? Absolutely And her husband, Mel Brooks, probably a panic Bush's office is not looking at the validity of the traffic stuff itself Deloitte said, Lydia, what? Lydia Oh Lydia, how are you doing to find that? Because you googled it, I looked her up I was like, oh man, he had more issues than I do, that's obvious, you know He had some very serious, he liked when he brought the Chinese food back Comer, at least was supposed to remember that He didn't bring several bags full of bones and whatever Bush's office is not looking at the validity of the traffic stuff itself Deloitte said, but rather it more is possible violation of law and driving for months on a suspended license Also whether he tried to get preferential treatment when he was pulled over Anytime there's information presented indicate someone may be working the law And driving on a suspended license is indeed that And we take that matter very seriously Deloitte said, well I don't know how to get you really aggravated Okay, I don't know how to get you really agitated Okay, so I was Troy, remember Troy was always asking, do I want to microwave it? Yes Because basically one of them just sits in the garage 99% of the time And you know what I'm there, I drive it around where I'm going like to I go film my prescriptions and go to the track in the bank and that's about it And of course the other one is in the possession of somebody you're not all I find of But nevertheless, this is good that many and they neither one of them has got all hardly any miles on Uh-huh I just mentioned that in passing and of course you have you know you're starting in an inkling of where I was going with that And I would never offer that you know anybody That's fine Also I have a big family to shut around a core of that to two cedar Yeah, that's right What kind of a high shot would want a beautiful core of ed to driver on a 2000 pay if he won't want it I hope to know that's why I said it's just to aggravate you Come on, I'm not making any more offers to any more people, okay? I don't buy people I don't try to like buy their kindness their friendship their whatever I'm not interested. I'd like to do nice things for people that I like that. See that's a different story Yeah, I'll see that you see the difference there. Absolutely. I mean, absolutely good 42.3% now didn't hear the show. Well, I just we kept it for that's all I'm going to say and then it's not how's to say about it It was just a refreshing our refreshing breath of breath there. That's from the old queen and that's the way it is There's a personal thing that I laid right out there and you can either relax at it or find it amusing or heartwarming How many's heartwarming got five five heartwarming and this time of the year especially here I mean, let me see if we got anywhere near Freezing It was cold enough yesterday to freeze your ass to freeze your cheeks together I thought it was only minus three now tomorrow. We're going to get all the way up to 32 and Sunday 45 45 and Sunday Holy moly. Can you believe that? So it's minus three. What is that minus one is a 30 minus one is 30 not third in the I should be like about 26 27 degrees and murky now. We're sunny before now. It's murky. Ooh and really cool. So heartwarming is good this time. You know chestnuts roasting on an open fire. Do you ever have chestnuts? Yeah, actually. I think we've been to this one before on an open fire I think last time I've had the chestnuts was in Boston. They just saw luck in the wintertime out. You know outdoors these guys these hustres they would have their grilled you know and they'd be grilling the chestnuts And I have in so many years you got to remember what they tasted like are they good? Yeah, well they tasted like nuts. Oh, I love nuts. Yeah, I know I love eating nuts. Can I choose especially now? I love candy favorites. Mmm. Just don't eat too many nuts. It's my favorite. I'll choose like hazelnuts and pecans. Hazelnuts. Now somebody I know has got a relative who has a term. Well, I don't know. It kind of like a Michael Richard's term for hazelnuts. I'll send you a facts and tell you what. Oh, we can't discuss it on the air. And you'll see for a little paper. Is it a little paper? Is it a little bit? No, I'll Brazil nuts. That's what they are. He's I don't even know what hazelnuts are. But those little round ones. Oh, yeah. I'm going to Brazil now. I'll see you. I don't know that term. Well, thank God. That one doesn't waste a thanks poo. No, nobody I never heard that before my life. Oh, come on. Never heard such a bigoted nasty. I'll order this for you. WQAM. Hello. But up there on two. That's bad for you. Good luck for me and bad for you. If you don't get sent in order to make that deal. WQAM. Hello. You're beautiful. Up here is WQAM. Hello. Who am? It was in on Dumbledore's and Kettemol Run. Yes. He was in every movie that the Bird Reynolds was in just about. Sepra Bovinaids. Hey, um, can you pretty dark? The chopping sound for me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. Hopefully made you day for a pal. You guys are easy. You know, he's easy. I have no lie. I don't understand. 12 59. You think we can get to 1300 by two o'clock. Wow. That would be a major accomplishment. Because we're coming again one day and say, Great. Go on, guys. He almost said it was a good show yesterday. Didn't say that. I don't need him to say that because I know what was. Wasn't a good show was great. But he almost said that. But he said, boy, is enjoyable. I, very funny show and they say, very funny. He thought it was funny. Yeah. Suemi. That's because he's a hard hard. He's become a single corporate hard hard. Doody bad. You know, like that. Go at that day when he came on either last Friday or Monday when he was doing the update. It's as for something when Kim was new that day and there was clearance. Got a scary a little bit. Yeah. Remember that? You heard it. I'm a jumped off the chair. What was that? Yeah. A little over my relation. Maybe in the over my relation in the station. So we need a little regeneration. Although sometimes I'm just not too patient. But anyway, I'm going to a real treat these 30 years plus and I'm going to Albea, Michigan. What do you think? Okay. Not. I remember the place where I lived. And there was this smoke. There was like a factory across the street. Albea is a very small town but like really in dustfield with a lot of pollution. And it was like this factory across the street in my little apartment there. And this smoke. The smoke used to just blanket the outside of the window. And you could feel it was seeping through the inside of the windows and the apartment You were like gagging on it. You know? So there's another little piece of information for you. When I was in Albea and Michigan, I was gagging on it. And it wasn't pleasant. 263 votes on a pool. Five say yesterday show is heartwarming and that warm is the cockles of my heart. Or really does. Makes me feel like, oh, and you mean like Joe said in that email to you. And it seems like Joe and you and the Jacob that will something go in there with that, you know, Do we do we do we could probably kill some time? I would think that's as we probably have a really good time together. Shouldn't on the stoop. Or maybe sit down a big boulder out there somewhere. Similar to probably find a big boulder out there somewhere in Broward. When you think, well, make it smolder. And as I get older the more I look for a big boulder. It's hard to be a Jew, a Christmas. My friend won't let me join in any games. And I kept it, Christmas, I got a great Christmas tree. Or the water wrap or root of, there's something wrong with me. Oh, my people don't believe and Jesus Christ is in a game. I'm a Jew. I'll only Jew on Christmas. Honoka is nice for why you think. The Santa's has done my house every year. And instead of eating them, I have to make all your life. Instead of silent night, I'm spinning new hot stone coffee. And what the f*** is that boy's body? Will he f***ing tell me please? I'm a Jew. I'll only Jew. I can't be married. For thy need, bro. I'm Christmas. Jesus, boy, I couldn't help but hear. The fear and the left out of Christmas, cheer. And I've come to see that you shouldn't be sad. This is the one month that you should be glad. The day should be a tool for Christmas. Perhaps you'll be. You don't have to deal with the peace and hope. Should have to be on your best behavior. Or give the charity. You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family. I don't have to go to the wedding. I don't have to go to the wedding. The truth, you're a Jew. I'm smiling you. It's a good time to be a Jew. I'm Christmas. I'm Christmas. Oh, my Christmas. Especially if you're in retail. Oh, that's it. I thought that the enemy says Merry Christmas. I'm sorry. Merry Christmas. I can't play for sure. Why not leave me? Believe me. Because they believe. I'm going to say again. I listen to it in Q yesterday. There is not a Chinese chance in purgatory. I'm going to play that until we do a clean that version for me. Listen, you know, as well as I do the old days and the beliefs that we put in. They were find back in the day. But now that we got the day of the newly. Ball Z FCC and then the unball Z Joyce. We have to really go the whole nine yard. All right. Just tell you right now. Unless you want to pay the fine. I got it right here. Yeah, but to do. Put it in the bag. Send it over to your buddy. Hold the send it back a fan one. 274 hosts on the pool. Neil show yesterday was sensational man. It was really great. It was an emotional topsy. Turbo upside down cake. Pineapple upside down cake. I don't at least the one good thing. I didn't go crazy eating. I didn't have that dulce de la. They later bag. That's stuff is. You know, it's like two side of panic. It's I'm very, very friendly. It's too sweet. Yeah, I was just going to say that. And you know me. I like sweet. Oh, I like sweet. It's just. It's watery. How can does. Why screen is watery? Yes, it is. Now I will say this though. When I go to Berlin right on the Kudam. You know, they're like Kufrstein down the main main drag. Where I still. If I'm there's a hog and does ice cream parlor. And in in Berlin, they have all these really neat like wide sidewalks. You know, and they're all these places where you can sit and watch the. And that's why I do a go in there and get a couple of scoops of whatever. Hagenas and sit there. I wonder if it's here. So I wonder if I'm brought up the tables and just watch all the people go by. I'm going to say people watching in Berlin is enough to make your jaw drop for your toenails. Whatever cranks your chain, baby. Berlin. I just beyond description. And of all that, you know, I've been in Stockholm and Helsinki and the places where, you know, Amsterdam a million times of Rome. Now, seeing Rome, it's simply, and now you don't want to tell me that you're obsessed with all the. Roman Roman history. Roman history, all that stuff. But you never been there. I've been there probably about 452. Well, do I have an option? What do you mean by that? Hey, maybe that's it, Josh. Maybe what I croak what I'm going to do is I'm going to have airplane tickets for you guys. So you got. Hey, how do you see? Now, do you have a passport? I don't. I could get one. I wanted to get one last year and then I realized it's like 150 bones. I was like, I want to take care of that for you. Well, I should be in a beggar. I'll call you next time when I'm in the problem. I'm just going to draw with that. And I'm talking about your plane ticket, but I sure would have covered the passport. It was such a, if you're such a schlepper, they came afford to listen. You guys, including my other good personal friend who don't have passports. I, I, I, I, I know what you're thinking about. I'm thinking about. I'm thinking about it. I'm going to have about it only 10 or 15% of all Americans have got a passport. I see, maybe you're not going anywhere right now, you know, but maybe all of a sudden the opportunity comes up. And then if you got your passport, you don't have to go through a big amount of time. You don't have to wait weeks to get in the mail or apply for an mail overnight. What if you got it? You're right. If you decide to have a passport party. I was close, but I didn't have like, I don't have an original first certificate. So that was the biggest problem. Yeah. I wasn't about to call the state of California and go through that process. Why not? Because it's the most valuable data in the US and it would have took at least a month, two months. So, so how do you like that? So when George offers to take you as to Amsterdam in a few months, which you promise I would only tell them to take it. Yeah. The part that doesn't talk. The answer. Oh, that's what you think. Oh, man. Surprise. I guess you forgot that South Park, oh, we're a little bit. 1276 votes. The show of Thursday was in my career, just heartwarming, six, still way in last place. Heartwarming. Yay. 53. You see the way I'm moving up to you? That's okay. That's okay. Whatever you say, rhymes with gay. Guess what? Bigger bulletin here. House ethics panel is trying to make an announcement at two o'clock. Only 22 minutes from now, according to Roth story. It's widely believed that the fully investigation will be released at the time. How do you like that? The Mark Foli, a Fag investigation. No. To the staff now. Miss Foli. Well, there you go. I told you she was a screamer and you didn't want to believe me. I told you Charlie Chris with another flame. Yeah. You don't want to believe that either. He's your governor now. I'm sorry. Gay governor with white hair. And a lovely complexion. But nevertheless. What do you like? Okay. That's what you want. That's right. You have another governor. Foning. Hi, I say let's make Joe governor. Your buddy Joe. Okay. He seems like a good guy. Yes, he knows you. You know, Jacob. He knows me. He's a big fan. The hard word. You know. Cindy. She and rights. Breakfast with Dennis Cassinant. I don't think I got time to read to give this. See, I don't like now. Oh, my god. It goes on and on and I don't have time work. Paul Cragman, they told you so. I have time for that. See, that's what happens when you get bogged down all the other interesting stuff which it was. Interesting. I'm using. At least, you know, little change of pace, man. Little change of pace. Change it up, baby. Throw them a change of. Throw them a freaking curve. They're just that they're reading a bunch of podcasts of the nobody cares about. They much rather hear about all your emotional breakdowns and about George's, uh, mirroredal, uh, the fugal leaves and all the other stuff. I'm not sure. I'm Josh. So, Brokey can't afford 160 bucks to apply for a freaking passport, even a homeless schlepper can do that. See, I don't understand if you were in, it was, was it the money or was it the fact that you had to go through the song and then see if the births are there. A combination of both. You know, the words either one was a good excuse to be lazy and I couldn't through and given them. Hey, man. I'm telling you, man. I'm going to get through the day. I'm going on vacation Monday. So, I'm happy about that. I didn't, uh, you see that? So, talk about an in-grade. Didn't I just make a movie right, man? This is twice, uh, this is going to get gotten turned down. I'm flattered. I know. Hey, I'll take you up on it. Okay. I'll, uh, I'll go get a passport as soon as I get my original birth certificate. Okay. Okay. Well, you let me know when that is nothing. I'll be at one of the, uh, passport application. I like that. Because I'm a generous, wonderful guy. Okay. I'm not coming down there to take you to lunch. But now needs to take you to lunch. Not that I don't like you, but it's just, you know. Remember I don't want me to go to lunch, George? Yeah, that's right. If anybody wants to know that I don't want to take the lunch, probably need to be a three-vote son of a pool. We got 13 every week, man. If there's nothing that makes it hit me happy. I know when I got it, look. Hi. This is Jim. Love you. Show me. Love you. Love you. Danny, the drunk and actor is a little short ball guy. Who stayed up fast. He's bedtime. Cause he led George Clooney by. He had some little munchellos. Codants of a healthy boss. He went to be on the view. Where he thought it was cool too, cause. They knew Danny was really smart. When David was saying, Rosie, you are such a delight. Won't give me my date tonight. Now we're all laughing at him. Like British like all panties. Danny's a fangest actor. But another crush of lab ratty. 144 16. 202. 204. We got that 1300. Big baby. No. 5. 6. 7. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. East. 9. 5. 8. 5. I thought it was very touching. But it turns out that you know, somewhat about overs affecting your mates. If you been to cross so badass me, watch my video. Listen to me please until I'm free to post this episode. I'm a takeover , so you can watch KKKKk. Okay, but you ain't getting any. I'm sorry. Why don't I give away as much as I can now? Like I'm not doing that? Like I don't support the whole universe? What is she talking about? Well, she thinks she's talking to you anyway. Guess what, honey. George ain't got any money to give away and I'll give it to whoever I want to. I'll leave you like debt when I die. That was cute. At any rate. Yeah, I'm just going to give it all away right now. I'm going to win by and right now. I'm going to do it. Listen, listen. I'm going to stay there until I have nothing left. Not that I can access my entire report for you. But I'll find a way. And I'll somebody's going to wreck that if you keep talking like that. You are George. Relentless and hostile. It's an amazing to me. Amazing to me. See, if the audience should know this, one of my closed personal friends who lives down there, George hates like poison because it's the one who said that he thinks George talks behind my back. He said that long time ago. He said, I'm going to do something. And you have never forgotten that. That's just what I don't think somebody's been overprotective and not me. Yeah, overprotective. Making stuff up. I believe it. I agree with it. Doesn't matter. Why would he say something like that? I've never seen him come back. He's just who knows. Because he doesn't bastard that's why. He doesn't like you, maybe. He's just because he's a lot of, well, whatever. The feeling is mutual now. I'm sorry. I stuck up for him all the time. I'm sorry. I actually did that. But it's just my strange sense of humor. You know me. So I'm going to just, in fact, I'll say to what, everybody line up. I'm going to be at it in a couple of hours and I'll just start giving money away. How's that? I'm going to take a tin. I'll talk about Rockefeller with the old man. John D. Rockefeller used to do that. He used to hand out dimes on speedclaw. Sure. Bring a tin cup or a hat or a tambourine. There you go. I'll be right over there by the sub center. Right across the street on the corner of 441. I was very rude. I'll be right there when fun. I'll chuck sub center with my little tin cup. I know you guys would be out there. But if I just like those homeless voice people, Sean Koonie and that crowd. Yeah. I'll break a bucket. Just everybody line up on the corner outside of the station with an orange t-shirt on and with a tin cup and a big tin gallon head and I'll throw a whole bunch of change in there. Okay? You can spend the rest of the week in feeding the change. W2QAM. Hello. W2QAM. Hello. Hello. Nila, you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, listen. I haven't, if you can maybe do me a favor. I'm feeling a little bit depressed kind of under the bed. Would you press the button? What? What do you need press the button? Well, I have a bad cold in my, I'm sorry. Three years of my wife. I was just telling my wife the other day that she gets sick all the time. And now look what happens to me. She's got punishing you, man. That's the popcorn and kettle pink. Exactly. But if you can do me a favor now. That's what I mean. I'm not a bus and Delray. I haven't heard that. Sit down. I'm a bus. I'm a man. I'm a bunch and Delray. Thanks for bad roi's, man. I'm sorry. Okay. We'll do better. I'm set up on the radio fan. I'll write a good note. I'm not just why. I'm the poison saying. My wife just decarded a phone. She drives my view and gets you sweet pink phone. I wouldn't write what's on your way. I said I'd do the ladies again. So I'm just sitting on a pension Delray. Waiting for your family price to take me away. Oh, just sit on a pension Delray with my friend Hain. Oh, my wife is tied to a cow and jay. First of all, I say, don't wait to stay the same. All that good of doing with heaven tells me to do. The time in her legs she must be in pain. Just give me the best in my bones. When we win, why my wife won't leave me alone. We've got to over and I never win. I just wind up slacking through the wall again. I'm so sick of a pension Delray. Waiting for your family price to take me away. Oh, just sit on a pension Delray with my friend Hain. There it is. It's about time that you wait for your family's price. And I'm just going to stop the pension Delray. Once it's the, there you go. It's all requested holidays between none of the year. That's a good idea. It kills some great time and here are the same 10 bits. All young, the young, the bridge tender. Over and over. What are you saying? All right. And then the endless loop, of course, my favorite. Yeah, like that. It's a beautiful thing. Anyway, just to show you, this whole thing about the will and everything. Because you're so skeptical and so cynical about people. Especially people I like. I am. And the first email message you got from my good friend Jacob today. It's said, I'm not going to read the whole thing. It says, you know, sorry to have started this. But it seems to have made a great show for you. One of the best. Yeah. I think it was great to show him. Of course, because I was talking about him. It says, I did catch him, Schmidt from some of my friends, but nothing they, they loved it. They all believed that I'm stupid. But I know I'm doing the right thing. See, I didn't like that. Otherwise he doesn't want my end. And not looking for my generosity. Not looking to take advantage of my foolishness in my old emotional gainess. And whatever it is, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. And if your buddy, Joe, see, he's, he's, he's a good guy. And if he's Joe, totally there. Why? Because he said he's a good guy. And he used to sit in a smoke a big family together and went out. So he fought for his wife. That's why. That's why. Like, because he's got that big family for you right now. You can make up some excuse. Sure. Yeah. But with you, there's always got to be some reason. Right. It's the season for some kind of silly reason. From 99. Oh, my God. This last couple of days has made up for another wise extremely debilitating week. The billitating. No, what that means? No, me. Tell me. I'm just killing a time while I'm refreshing it again. Oh, I see. It flips over to 1300. There's a lot of suspense in it and it doesn't do in it. They do that to me all the time. It's almost like they're working in concert. In concert at the macarina, the new Rogers audience, playing with his emotions. And that's because they don't want to emotional cripple anyway. A wreck. But it's still 12. What do you got on your thing there? How many you got? Loading 12.29. Oh, man. I keep. This thing has been zooming up there and now I want that 1300 votes so badly. I can almost taste it. Something anyway. And still I'm refreshing and refreshing and refreshing and it's not doing anything. Not still 12.99 no matter what we do. I think maybe Eric has played with me now. He probably shut it down. He probably jambed that baby right off. Oh, there it is. 13. Oh, that was. That was an amazing exercise there, you know? That was very hard to do with something. I don't have a relapse. Maybe I need some vintage juries. I'm going to be very honest with you. You know what a big vintage juries fan I am. But they've come up with some new flavors. The last couple of years that really suck, you know? I haven't noticed. Crap. What about you? You don't eat any? I tried that too. I mean, you know, you're, you know how I am with ice cream and the like that. And so I'll see you. I'll be in my supermarket without having any intention to buying that. But then I'll see something like a new flavor on their all-boy-f. And you read the label that sounds really great because they are very descriptive in where they describe all the crap that's in it. And you're bringing it home and new kid. And it's like, yeah, this isn't very good. What's the biggest tennis with this, you know? What's the big deal with this crap? Disappointing. I really believe fish food was the end of the line for them. That was the end. And I don't see that anywhere. And you know what? That's really good too because just like the dual CD LH through a bag. So, it's certainly snowflared... ...whatever. ... nickname chant. It's definitelysqueal. All right, I got off the thing on Hogan Does. Talking about Berlin, again I have a lot of very fine memories of Berlin. Believe me. I want to in particular but many, many many many. It's just a great place. Fantastic city and they have Hogan Doe's. Isn't that reason to get your pants for it? Yeah. Oh yeah. If it's on okay. And we'll all pick out on Hogan Doe's. Dip that girdings. And once again. In your lips, and onto the rear wheel if the wheel won't tick off. More to your home, you need your arm. It's dangerous! But you can buy a beach out of black and buy a six-row WQA We had a while remember new shoes But I got it in the past You have to get off your barass pull-ups That's too beautiful You look up now please remember concert You show us how to do You look up And give us a ride back Yeah Now that we got rid of the neocon crown shirt You're the demigrant manager down and yet you are And how is it going to be A ride A ride A ride A ride A ride And there's a lot of spout We've all been moved And they made a statement around the world True, true, true, true, true True, true, true, true, true, true They made a song for your stupid Like a pay, o-go A pay, o-go A pay with partings living with that Now that we've all known the random polish age dream You got it with beach to make the job complete Oh And if that would go to be Let's hug our eyes Hello