Now go... Now go, Guit! Mine! Ply! Alright! Cimskiden! So can you hear about some songs? And what they've done? They said fired to some unturbed cheers? They shot to a gun? They came here to never really died! They came here to never really meet! Hello? I was smoking down the minute Then it just seemed alright Then it did just seem you felt what pity say It made those noffins all the way And at that point maybe it's because He's from Germany Well my guy, I just used him a lot of things And then it just seemed But he wouldn't Not that we're tested in cash, real They're all so many things It's the profit from all of us They say the both be paid Are you sure? All of my men are police They're burning at what you All the small dumb men They're burning at what you see All those small dumb men They're burning at what you see Oh! Excellent idea, let all of them just catch me He's killing each other I haven't seen it a long time Leave all the good stuff for the rest of us What do you think? It's a luck plan Anyways, two or five sixy-one WDQM, it's Wednesday, September 20 Our sales department is in total Disarray for Hank I don't mean I think the sales guy I feel bad for him I also the other 75 new people back there Because obviously Nobody's excluded They're doing their ding-dong meetings They're explaining them how things work And so it's left for a cranky-old meal Probably some other people to get all been out of shape And what's going on with us? What are you doing with my, you know? The other people don't care about coffee Oh, hold on one What's on my word about? I don't know As of today I don't care Especially after what the duff mice do told me this morning You're fair, I mean he's just, you know I'm gonna start out like a house on fire And I'll just be down to the asses, asses Speaking of asses, wait till you're about this guy And of course these kinds of stories can only be in Florida While I think of the candy and elsewhere But they generally seem to be in Florida usually Pometoph Florida I'm sure the jock knows where it is And I'm not far from where you used to live Okay I never were there I mean I know where it is She's a scob When you were in Brandonman We're like, do they keep you looking at basements somewhere? There are no basements in Florida I was all over the place Yeah, I don't sound like it to me Mark George U of figured a 50 foot wall Fall was worth 20 bucks George U 47 was counting his money Monday While walking across the US 41 bridge over the Manitay River When a $20 billed a lot of his hand And flew over the rail Okay, who when that happens? Yeah, a lot He followed and plummeted 50 feet into the river Then he swam about a hundred yards to fish to build out of the water Got it I got my money back Hell yeah, George U told us to sew it over here No tribune You didn't say that right Hell yeah 20 bucks is a lot of money when you're broke Hey, the guy that was like, what a runny and we have a torture last night He was one of the biggest yahu's I have ever seen a man What about 52 grand any at a wife you know Wow, he was just me Anyway this guy he said 20 bucks is a lot of money when you're broke He was fished from the water by the passing Florida fish and wildlife conservation commission officer George U was saying he was already suffering from a broken collarbone Refused treatments for cousins grapes he suffered in the fall He got his 20 He's going straight to the liquor store and no doubt And you think I would have had you Oh, I'm gonna have to do a big joy share and then the two I don't really talk about it Yeah, I just all of a sudden got inspired and I don't know what I was I think when I started talking about the sales department But I don't want to get into it too heavily and here's proof of the matter You don't want to talk too much about that Here's a story from north of the borders matter fact The chairman of the publicly funded CBC the Canadian broadcasting court has resigned After remarks about BCL and rumination about defecation Canadian heritage minister Bev Odessa yesterday that the odious guy for me a created an upper Enkanted as lesbian East community and in the media when he claimed that levard on allowed men to have sexual relations with female animals But reserved the death penalty for those who did so with male animals That's right and comments made in May and we played in the CBC weekend interview he talked at length about the joys of vol movements He has it well, what's wrong with that he's increasing lost the confidence of candidates If my mom was still around she could come and vouch for him to bet she's dead He has increased he lost the confidence of candidates in the government odittooled at house The commons I informed the house that I've received the voluntary resignation of Mr. Forty-A effective today There's the scuffy-stage CBC now the stuff he's the BBC but nevertheless and the chairman has to resign There's a CBC See there's this for a Canadian soldiers and that's going to stay what you're doing like clients And that's because Steve and Harper's a hard ass he wants to be George Bush Jr And it's doing a pretty good job of a two-simetre fact a lot of dead the Canadian soldiers What would I clear for landing here? Yeah, they're saying whether we're not an acid damage found from the floating debris they got three things floating around over there I think that there are Space beams Beans being old beans What about it, Elliot? I think they're creatures from another planet Do you rain this maybe? Creatures from your rain this in fact we would have gotten to CBC could identify him Is there a house to roll? Have expertise in that area But nevertheless Here's our poll we took yesterday yesterday's poll we had fifty sixty hundred eighty five votes I'll see today we want to have a thousand already Let's see the nine thirty eight board this is amazing and I can leave when we get to a thousand Yeah, yeah, do that nine thirty nine Most religious people are full of and then we give you five choices here Schmidt thousand six over a thousand people almost sixty percent said religious people are foolish men You're going to burn in hell man. I'll be right there with you. Hate there full of hate four hundred and seven twenty four four one percent No, there's the space crew. They still alive on a shuttle. They're all smiling laugh and when what's that crap out there floating around Are we going to die? I hate to it's grittness. I hate this poll 123 Seven point two percent. Well, you mama so socks and hell kindness hundred and seven their fuller kindness and love 42 So between kindness and love it's less than nine percent So it's not a ringing endorsement but then you never get a ringing religion endorsement from this Keep in crowd that we got and thank the Lord for them. Thank you. Oh God right Got some great good news before we get to the days poll. I already got tomorrow's poll Make sure he knows that that already facts is very very Eric and not that we need the honor yet, but I just factored to you and already facts the Josh most of his stories for tomorrow Aren't you excited about that? No, because I know there's more coming. How do you know that? Oh, I hear that the crowd like I kind of sexually transmitted the light of the crowd Not a STD, but I got the crowd not like I had man. Oh, I had a pretty bad. I had a real bad Let's let's have a comparative fetching session. Let's do that. I had the slew. I was 24 hours flew though I think I had bronchitis and I didn't have any and I had a overcoff. You had all you you win them. Okay Now I had no I had the chills. No, I don't know which is worse. I had the chills. I had fever 101 Every bone in my body. If it's a 24 hour flu and I've spent a lot of time on the throne, which is good news is endown at one 90 That's that's actually. Oh, it really is good for me to down to one 90 again. Which now gives me the the emphasis to give me your dad As long as you got to one 90 from being sick, I might as well just keep for an out eating. So that's why it's good that it's WW You know that is Would buy Wednesday. Oh, there's off my deemage odds But I mean, but a boop but about I just need to step on his ass. Okay, it's a little magic, you know And when he did the egg would buy and we know how he kept he doesn't open his eyes He either he's squinting or he just sits there with his eyes closed like he you know, maybe he's blind He didn't want to look at Brian Williams because of that funny shape of his head and of course Brian's probably thinking you think I look funny Go look in a mirrorish muck. You know kind of like that. I'm telling you who's really bizarre. Oh, man. She was on last night I'm trying to think of where the hell I had around one of the talking he chose Laura Ingram that right wing bitch She makes an encoder similar Ted Kennedy. That's how right wing she is. He just on Nazi. She's like Eva Brown, Jr. You know who she is Laura Ingram? Google it her that blonde headed. Oh, you know she is she's got that strange shape head and blonde real militant right wing slut. Oh, God You don't know Laura Ingram probably that's why I look at it trying to get some pictures here. Yeah, you were looking for naked pictures Probably Ingram. Ingram. Ingram. Whatever a her name is ingram. Yeah, she looks like like an culture's ugly or sister. Exactly. Yeah, like they're like their clones They're probably doing something together a couple of dikes. Anyway speaking of a phag you'd be pleased to know I already told you this I got the big Chris Dan and his older full head shot I have James Franco Big it was like well, that's the from the poster from Tristan and his older which y'all saw that and he told us save our money. Don't see it. Oh, it's a piece of terror Yeah, but he ain't see even Josh knew I'd like him 20 years old and he's Jewish though And he'll just watch the torso count on that movie. I seen him well the one the one picture you sent was excellent Primo and then the other one he looked like a screamer. He looked absolutely by me, but it was the pose. It wasn't because it was that pose He was posing like a real photographer was responsible for sure. No, I was whatever that movie was Which had to figure with Ellen and then moving it was also co-star the chick that he's supposedly was seeing or whatever the thing Said he was seeing her. He was dating her. He was like having lunch with her, but from a distance Who knows and who cares you know all these big celebrities just like this stern business now. You know I guess I guess his publicity machine has been running kind of dry for several months now So even my main man there Keith overman they kept teasing it all night long in the last story I'm counting on which I'm sure you watched not I was the thing the rumor that you're poster to be able to be about stern is coming back to the rest of your radio Well the one thing that is interesting is that he's lost 79% of his listeners Since going to serious and they are serious about that Yeah, and it's serious and XM are both off tourists. They got some you know big names on both of them But they're just not making them bucks because they're oh there is a startup cost was phenomenal and with their paying some of these talents and not so talented people is phenomenal and the portrait and a peri tree So don't you think he needs some more publicity now hard because you know, I must be after all the since his ego is obviously so important to him You know when you've lost 80% of your audience it must need something when you think I don't know I'd be sad to start with the money if it were made Yeah, that's what I'm thinking you know, just give me the money. I don't care about ego at this point just like on this station, you know who can have an ego when you're working here 950 and votes on it pull and boy, it's a good one The biggest thing is to sell it to the thing is to sell it I bought it for a video 560 you'll pay You Right here at what's the problem up there? Roger Houston confirmed we lost our nuts and votes up here or Roger that, you guys know what you're doing up there Well, the be honest with you Houston, I'm gonna go on that They lost a bold last night Oh, so crying out loud Houston, we have a problem, do nuts all have to say about that It's supposed to be hard It's gonna join us really, it's gonna be a little sad Thank you, my be able to sense someone up here to help us Roger, space station, heck it up on that Oh, man, the hood's its dawn's so thick on my mind This is not funny, this is totally unprofessional There's nothing wrong since my view Alright, you need to do your of that influence I'm so excited I can't find a space station, I'm not sure Exactly what you want us to do down here Well, Houston, we're not a bad way to do it here I am very professional I am very professional I am really interested in working I am really interested in working Thank you fellow astronauts there There, I think what you're doing is really important. Thanks for taking my phone's gone. Now get back to work. That's you. Ha ha ha. Oh, he is a space-cutting. 10 18 at 5.60. How come they didn't put him in training and rummage fell on it to space-roll otherwise? Maybe those are the three things floating in our space. We can only have nine hundred, eight and nine votes on the full. We better, we better, we will have to pull this, because if we got to a thousand before I ever rid of first time, that would be embarrassing. Why? I don't know. Because there's nothing to shoot for. You know, like Cheney said, what current said, this is not my pool. Who the hell did send this one? A-list of, a-list of, thank you so much. What current celebrity's death would bother you the most? And of course he put my name at the top of the list, and being lazy, I left it there. And I voted for me. I voted for you too. Well, I was in that suite. 523 people voted for me. God forbid to fire that, because what that'll happen is in the show. Then you got George and Josh. Yeah, let's go to try. Starting now. 523 for yours truly. Bill Clinton, 1951. And why should be him handling? That's quite a compliment. My hammer doll, he 56. Dan Marino 44 44. Wow, who the hell was number 44? They were Kelly was 44. Who's another 44, Josh? Tom Rathman. How about Henry Eron? There you go. Oh, the running back, yeah. The word Kelly was a great running back for the Browns. George's W. Bush 28. He's running back to Texas, and we'll help him. Tom Brady, 21. You go, Tommy. I put him on there. By the way, that was not a new original pool. I put him on. He's got 21 votes. A lot of other queen of people out there. Love Tom Brady. Alan Aldous 16, Al Pacino 15, Robert de Nero 15, Don Schuil of 13. You know, I should have put on here as James. What's his name, Franco? Because God Almighty, I just discovered him. I'd sure hate from the crook before I find out what it was all about, yeah. I didn't. I discovered more about him in one day than you knew in a lifetime. He was Jewish. He was certain. He was in Tristan. Well, you knew he was in Tristan and sold a hundred-neurobot there. I was on IMDB when, um, yesterday when I was in the show. You had to do that research. Oh, in those pictures. We were researching it. Yeah. And then all the 16, he was on with Chris Matthews on Hardbotalkin' Politics, Politics with Chris Matthews who can't speak. Well, he just, he just gets on my nerves so badly. And no matter who he's got on it, oh, you're great. Come back. You're great. Come back. Yeah. Get out of here. Go kiss somebody else's ass. Chris, get off the ear. Al Pacino 15, Nero 15. That's kind of interesting. Because I think of the two, uh, cousin of the godfather, I guess. Always think of those two together. Why is that? Yeah. True love 13. I choose Mike for the Brainstam, Don Shula 13, Carol Brad 12, Hillary Clinton 10, J. L. O. 10, oh, Hillary and J. L. together, but you didn't have a Gale time. Pope Benedict XVI, 10 votes and I guarantee they would not Muslims. Catherine Harris 7, oh, you hear about her playing all my words. That's, that's the one that's out there by the space shuttle. That's what's said, they're seeing out in space. It's Catherine Harris and the two people who were going to vote for. Katie Holmes 7, Donnie Colpett for six. Oh, and in other words, what they're trying to say is there's a bunch of people out there where she would die. That's bad. Don't be just to continue undawning, Daddy. Kind of a name is there anyway. Colpett for. Janet Reno's got four. Now what the hell they got against that nice die, huh? She never stole a freight train. Dustin Hoffman 2 in Tom Cruise 1. Now what do they got against Dustin? How are we? You just went to a thousand a thousand one. Colored all off and the show today. We're taking some time off. What do they got again? I mean, Tom Cruise I can see has got only one that they wish would probe but Dustin Hoffman only two. Yes, that's right. That's a generational thing. Maybe they're just done with it. Why is that? You don't have to throw no freight train. Maybe they think all his good movies are behind him. Well, that's true. We're in and behind. In fact, maybe that's why he and Tom Cruise are together there because you only move he they can remember the two of them was Rayman. Do you know that he didn't want to make them? We'll be just not when I saw him on bio a couple of nights ago. No, he did not want to make that movie. I mean, he had a bitch of it. I mean, almost he almost dropped out of the filming yet because he had a difficult time we're relating to the idiot's savant. So he actually went and talked to some shrinks and he met with some savants and Arthur Oscar Lovant and whatever. I bet you're chicken. I can remember his Oscar Lovant. Boy, I'm the great that there's somebody out there who's brain is at least older than mine. He may not physically be older but his brain is just stuck in the fifties. Yeah. Chickenic. Yeah. Good news. Finally, there's good news tonight. Speaking of old Farts as HB countenborn used to say he'd be for chickenic was born. The seminal hard rock hotel in Casino was agreed to pay nearly $260,000 to that guy who was first told that he won them lost because of our computer glitch. Oh, it's a bitch when there's a glitch. But the good news is that these guys made good. Nice gone boys. Don't do that again. Freddie Howard 53 of Sunnyhouse Beach was first told he won that amount then found out was almost take his job recall and we were kind of in wondering silently last couple of days where was the follow up to this story. Remember I asked you the other day? Yes. Just yesterday. Like the Carfenders would say only yesterday. Why I like that song a lot. I kept that on my iPod. Yes, you do. And I also have come on little lanes. By the dumb on Sunday iPod. Thanks to George. Where did you find that? I downloaded it from what? Using a programming using live water. Oh, I pirated it. Our make sure. No, you didn't. He's just making that out. I stole it. So I'm tired rock CEO, Jim Allen is told how our in the turnier the casino hired independent outside agency to send an hour. It's claim that he won an eight swipe and win progressive jackpot computer system August 29. Maybe I'll put a quarter of a million wood by the staff. No, what do you think? A quarter. Just a quarter part. If the independent computer analysis declared that Howard did win Allen has said he personally would sign a check. After swiping his player's club, it card an a swipe and win kiosky. So words on the screen indicating he was the winner. Where you know all of this? They were the one that cardboard check 15 hours later. They said, oh, the computer was a glaces all mistake. But hard rock officially yesterday said, they'll pay Howard the full amount of his winnings and ice go on. It's about time. It was such a good news. He's got to get to the break. Okay. So they put him to a little bit of, you know. But you go through a two for 260 grand, right? Damn straight. A couple of days of psychosis. They think. Oh, there was that. That's the new guy, co one with us. What's his name from fish and impossible? What's his name? Oh, come on. Jim from mission impossible. I don't know Jim. From airplane. How do you don't? Clean up. Do it to bar? No, not to we map duals of bar. Get out of here. I wanted to ask him. You like to take showers naked with guys. What that was his name? Peter Graves. Peter Graves, right? Jesus, would you get it? Man. Peter Graves. You haven't seen that guy co spot? It's kind of weird. He's kind of repreasing that rule from airplane. I think a little bit talking about putting on tangerine lift loss and felt like a real woman or something like that. It's okay, but not out of the same category with the other one. So you ever see a grown man naked? Yeah. Really? Let's see. You put the get out of here like I had something to do with it. No, you go ahead and take credit for it. Somebody faxes in and says that I'm responsible for the get out of here. Only I wish. Only wish I was responsible for the own. 20% I think he deserved 50. Okay, I'll take 50 bucks. 2020 Horvots on the full art my work has done. 26 past 10. Let me concentrate on James Raccoon now. Interesting that we keep finding all these new interesting people and new interesting movies Two-Smaner Effect. Without James Raccoon. What are you calling? Racco. Raccoon. Raccoon. Frank O'Raccoon. Maybe you could think of a low green. Yeah, what tell was his name? Something Raccoon. Yeah. That's correct. And he just has matter of fact. He just croaked isn't it right? That's I think so. Or did I just see him in something else? You know who I am? No. I'm no brief. I made my phone when you were talking to him. No, we needed in croak. We were talking about the fact he was in that movie. Some movie would be with James Khan. He's had a guy file. Remember that? Yeah, but I forget what it was. Oh, well, you could Google it. I mean, you know. I could. What is that? That sounds like effort. Twenty seven past ten at five sixty WKM. You're somewhat incoherent station for the new millennium. We just do the movie with like that. We want to be more like the America, you know. More like our government. I don't like it. Just like. Just like. Do do do do do. If you ever felt at the moment you pay for something as the moment this door stops caring. Dialometres is at their very best after you make your purchase. You buy that great new mattress. I've been doing it for years and trust me when I tell you they are the best. Call that a mattress at 1 800. The mattress can factory direct prices lower than the chain stores. And dialometres also our fees you trouble on financing. And the lowest prices and the best brands go on whether you like celiacly or Certic King coil Simmons, tempered experience and cost to you. Would you like it? They got it. And dialometres is got that on matchable delivery deal too. 99.7% of the time they're on time. And when you want them to be because you picked it eight in time you want any day. Seven days a week from eight in the end of 10 PM. And they show up like two to four, one forty five to three, forty five. It's said we're even the same day you call. In other words, if you call right now, you can be sleeping like a baby tonight after Cares one of the major reasons why dialometres continues to be in his right number one for Years in customer satisfaction. Instead of wasting all your time in effort and gas and still cost an armoured Like just to sit there on your ass instead of wasting that gas and call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mhttr ES leave off the last as because it stands for Stupid sensational savings. The biggest name of this challenge for the business wheel, Roger. Force radio 560, Q.A.M. This fall on CBS. It's your mother from the producer of Big Brother. It's Big Mother. It's your mother. Don't look at me like that. She's so proud of Shadow Wave 50, bro. Brack your head right open. I don't think so big mother. I plan with you. Lack your face right off. 1032. So what do you find out about Rocco? Oh, another one. Oh, nice work. Thank you. Three more objects found outside the space shuttle. Do we even want to talk about that? No, no, no. There's a bunch of crap floating around there in the ward that it's from the shuttle itself and maybe some when they tested those, what are the landing rockets? Okay. They before yesterday they tested them and night before last. And then they afraid that they from the good vibrations or the bad vibrations that might have shaken off like, you know, maybe a few tiles or something. I think that remember last time that happened. They fired their thrusters and it shook something up. That's right. They blew something out. So they're thinking maybe they might have to go back to the, I don't know, there's still sand that they're going to land tomorrow. Whether they want to or not. European scientists voice shock is a showed pictures which showed Arctic ice cover. I disappeared so much last month that a ship could sail itself unhitted from Europe's most notably outposts in the earth, pull itself. How do you like that? How about that? We're going to drown man. Well, no, not me. You, you're in the people in Florida. You're all going to be drowning soon. Like I'd say by six, the satellite images were acquired from August 23 to five by instruments aboard Enfusad and EOS Aqua to satellite separated by the European Space Agency. For any old sea ice thick ice that is normally present year round and is not affected by the Arctic summer, had disappeared over an area bigger than the British Isles ESA said. That patches of ice-free sea stretch north of the Skullbard and archipelago alignment way between Norway and the North Pole. I think that's the first time since I left high school I ever said the word archipelago. And you've said it? Yeah, and extended into the Russian Arctic all the way to the north pole, Alex Russell. Alex Rocco is he still alive. He's not. All I'm talking about. Oh, the situation is unlike anything observed in previous record low ice season that marked drink water of ESA's oceans slash ice on the market. What the odd that that's your name? I'm sure it didn't get to job just because it wasn't hoaxing on your feet. Right. It's highly imaginable that a ship could have passed from Spitzenburg or Spitzburg and it's usually Spitzburg and Northern Siberia through what is normally packed ice to reach the north pole about to fuel it. Spitzburg and is one of these sparrow-bard islands which are in Weijun. Drink water additive. This anomaly continues the northeast passage or northern sea route between your financial be open over long range of holes with time and it's conceivable. We might see a tent sitting around the world directly across the summer Arctic ocean with the next ten to twenty years. Oh, God. Hopefully I'll be dead by then. Good. Everybody's going to be drowned. And if we're all how come we didn't listen to how come Bush was such a crook and how come they lied to us? Yeah, well, he'll be dead too. You know, Alex Rocco is not dead. Yes, not dead. Okay, I told you. They hit him with five shots and he still alive. 143 votes. He was very good. For everybody in the movie was very good. On my five to three were most of the people were very bad but in Godfathers one and two, everybody was very good. Can you name me one person who was a bad actor and Godfathers one or two? I can't think of any. No. We take to me. No. No. No green was great. I mean, it was great. I guess you. Right. How come it wasn't tesio that slept with officials? Wasn't the in fish? That would have been appropriate. Yeah. But they weren't pressured. I mean, you know, he knew a little bit. He was no petty tri-f ski. So what are you laughing about? And they seem the world doesn't move all around. Josh is a taste in movies. Okay. I hate to break the news to you. I hate to break the godfathers. No, you didn't like network though. Petty track. It was a network. And the hospital, which he's got. Don't want to say, Josh. It's also a little bit slow. And it's a great movie and everybody should be forced to watch it. But you wouldn't like. I'll read the plot then. I don't know if you'd like them. We would have this a good evening. Weaver. What tell when I said the number was your IG? Uh, sent a sense of a war. They'll use that Susan's surrender. What did I just say? So what do you want to go to? Well, she looks just like Sigourney Weaver. And I'm going to go to that in the first place. And she was very good. About the, uh, we'll move to seven sons. And one son is going to, uh, they don't know whether he got blown up in there. Black and there's East. Yeah. And it's, uh, pretty good. But I don't watch it. So many movies and so little time, you know. I'll stick with the hunger for my Susan's surrender fix. The hunger? The hunger? Never saw that. David Bowie. Catherine to New York. Oh, look at my wallpaper there. I never look at the wallpaper on my. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. He sure is interesting. What's his name again? Ted Turner says the rack wars among history's dumbest. When Ted Turner is calling you dumb man. Wow, no. You are a moron. Because for Ted Turner to call somebody dumb. He just, he leaves me limp. And of an ugly from what's in fondest said. Wouldn't be the first time. The US invasion of Iraq was among the dumbest moves of all time. It ranks with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor and the German invasion of Russia. They did their philanthropist Ted Turner say yesterday. The fondant, there's nothing worse than getting a philanthropist. Oh. The fondant CNN unabashed internationalists also defended the right of Iran to have nuclear weapons. Uh oh. And the effectiveness of the United Nations and an adjocative er mood. Advocated Benny men from elective office worldwide and a roiders newsmaker appearance. Huh. Alternative leave combative and humor is turn his book nine years after his pledge is donate a big and dollars to the UN over ten years. And on the same day, of course, that Bush and Oph Manini jod addressed the UN general assembly a mile away. And yes, we did see Oph Manini jod there. What is nasty? Look in the sport jacket and no tie with Brian Williams. Yo, why he didn't wear it? What do you saw it? Brian asked him why he didn't wear his usual trademark orange jacket with Zibba jacket. And he said he knew Brian would probably be wearing a suit. For the special occasion for the interview, he dolled up. He's like a little old munchy. Why do people on that side of the world feel compelled to wear a suit just because we do? They don't want to see or less down. Okay. They don't want to look awkward. Although in his case, didn't help. He is bizarre. There's our little creature all the way. Yeah, that's a pretty good matchup. I think between W and off Medina jod. I think it's a match made in hell. The US invasion of Iraq is caused in count-y-label damage. It'll take 20 years to overcome if we just act reasonably intelligently. Teddy said. It'll go down in history. It's already being seen in history as one of the dumbest moves that was ever made by anybody. A couple of others that come to mind with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor and the German invasion of Russia turned into a form. It literally broke my heart. It won't start war just because you don't like somebody. I wouldn't even start a war with Rupert Murdoch. Turn to city-faring to was one time cable network rival. Often contrary, in turn, are called in a joke that Bush demanded that Iran abandoned any ambitions for nuclear weapons while at the same time, hoping to ban all such bombs. They're a sovereign state-turnist set of Iran. We have 28,000 nukes. Why can't they have 10? We don't say anything about Israel. They've got 100 of them, approximately. Or when you're a Pakistan or Russia, I'm really sure nobody should have it. You know, something that's really something when I have to start a war with Ted Turn. Wow. It's a sad sad day in the universe, man. When we have to say, you know, if Ted Turn makes a lot of sense. It's a part of your cadence. Yeah, that's right. Who says, here we are. There's gotta be impeached. And, in fact, you can use the sub-sub-correctsur. Look at that, who sings lawyers, walked out of the courtroom and they want to get rid of the judge, because he said he wasn't a dickhead. That trial is really going almost as well as the war. You know, not quite. Almost as well as the war. I was going to have a really doing it. And 44 percent of the people say he's doing a heck of a job though. Now those numbers are coming back and, you know, see, they have to start gooseen the pulls up a little bit so that when they fix the election returns in November, there won't be quite so much suspicion. 19 to 11 if I see all your buddy, Lou Dobbshoard, see an end here that I was demonstrating about how you can hack into the divaled machines and, probably, I don't know anything you want with him. You see that? No. What are you read about it on the SCNN website? What is the judge? You know, you got a new judge in there. Here come the judge. Oh, it's let him go libo. All things don't look good for convincing Sodom. Let him go Susan libo is in there. You know, sometimes it's the things deep down in the fibers of your carpet that you can't see with naked eye. That's the dangerous stuff. That's the stuff that makes you sick and use y'all kinds of skilkeys. And so Florida for 28 years, dry concepts has always been and continues to be the very best of dry cleaning your carpets and making them look brand new and also sanitary at the same time of course. When you've cracked clean your carpets, you really can clean today and retain the night. I know because I've used them for over 21 years in my own homes. Well, when they arrive on a scene no matter how desperate your carpets may look, when they leave it, looks like you just have brand new laid on the floor. Carpet stay cleaner longer to a no sticky residue left behind and with over 50,000 satisfied customers just about everybody in South Florida with a brain those these guys are the best. And don't forget, dry concepts are also the experts when it comes to water damage restoration. Keep that in mind right now during hurricane season. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days and dry concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours of guarantee. And by the way, they like our new sales guy Hank. They think he's okay. They don't know well enough yet. To top it all off, dry concepts has got to stay the yard or we're recleaning plant the only one in all South Florida on site dedicated to keeping a respective area of rugs looking brand new. So do yourself a favor called dry concepts. I guarantee if you use them once you've never dreamed about using anybody else again they can be a written guarantee price up front and then a little rose at the end of the job is stick it a little rose in your hand and you give them a check and everybody walks away with a big smile on their posts. And they brought in the Palm Beach is called dry concepts toll free today at 1 800 248 5071. That's 1 800 248 5071 or log on to dry concepts. The biggest name of the best talent for the business. The road for 248 5071. Now in repetition the church the new movie that's of a president have you seen it? I haven't seen it. It's a fictitious movie about a hammer seeing the movie about your death. Do you know what the word fictitious means? Not really. It means not real because you're not dead. I don't know that. Yeah. Some people say that you're brain dead. I simply do not agree. What's your IQ? 300 billion. Really? What's your IQ? 13.5. Whoa. I don't have intelligence. That's a problem. Oh we don't have a problem less ignore it. The investigation will be right back. I got some notes to write an Iraq baby. We're 6600 civilians in Iraq died in July and August. That's 30, 30, 30, 100 a month. Who's counting right? Well that should not be a tactic. That's just Iraqi civilians not to mention of course the police and the troops and American troops and British troops and Aussie troops and all these things. How to mention the ones that are dying in Afghanistan like a Canadian troops that are now like 3, 4 days now. So anyway the Pope is trying to do a backtrack like crazy. Oh and you got air call whipped up to he's in a frenzy. He's got the thermars pull on there already when you bitched him out before. I didn't say anything to it. The head you didn't. I said hey Eric on the air. Right. Well and that's all it's to. He's very sensitive you know. A very emotional guy. So everybody got that on your thermars so I could actually put the Mars pull on there already but I won't. That's a good assignment for one of you guys. I'm the one who will do it. Josh. Josh will do it later on. Well no you could do it. What? No it's just a button just to switch it about five or six o'clock. I'll be out of touch. I'll be at the losing my aunt. I mean I'm having a lot of money. I'll be out of touch. I'll be at a concert. Who are you going to go see? The family values tour it's an all day rock and roll festival. The family value is tour. It's not what you think it is. Oh that's a star star. Oh I see. That's different kind of family value. Right because that's going through it's special. Anyway Josh can do it I guess. Five or six just this. You don't let people probably not. Yeah it's no problem. You can handle it. We just click the button and switch the old pull. I think I can't. Okay. So anyway the Pope is trying to backtrack like crazy because but they you know something I still can't get away. You know what he said today. He's saying he's deeply sorry for the reaction. Yeah. He's coming. He's not sorry. He keeps saying the same thing all over again. He's saying the same thing. He doesn't appear. I say you couldn't say that because he's the one that picked the quote. You know, he doesn't want to work to speak. And of course he is infallible in such matters. Of course he is. But nevertheless he started for the reaction from all these get-skis he said. That's what somebody's stabbing you and say hey I'm sorry you're bleeding. And then he said nice head gear which I thought was a real shot. Look who he's talking. Anyway, when dire in the Minneapolis starch rebundes says not really all that sorry. He says on the scale of one to ten Pope ended his first intent that apology was barely a three. He said nothing but on Saturday cardinal Tarchisiobertoni told the world the Holy Father is very certain Tarchisiobertoni told the world the Holy Father is very certain Tarchisiobertoni is that kind of cheese opera. The Holy Father is very sorry that some passage is a speech may have sounded offensive to the same sensibility of Muslim. He had a son of a man. He started a man. Yeah. He's sorry that it was sounded offensive. Not the Senate. How many people have said it? He never said it was sorry that he said it. Right. That didn't stop the protest that had been building in the Muslim world since the folks of September 12th speech. He was an academic audience in Germany. So suddenly he tried again. From a summer, from a summer residence at Castel Dandolfo, south of Rome, he said on deeply sorry for reactions in some countries to a few passages of my address at the, you know, for the, again, sorry for the reactions in some countries. Right. So a few passages of my address to the University of Regan'sburg, which were considered offensive of the sensibility of Muslims. That was stopped in protest because he really isn't sorry for what he said. He's sorry for the reactions in some countries to his remarks, but he implicitly stands by what he said. So is the Pope really anti-Muslim? Yes? After the 9th of August, five years ago, the Catholic leader then known as Cardinal Ratsinger, a told Vatican Radio, it's important not to attribute simplistically what happened to Islam, but then he added that the history of Islam also contains a tendency to violence. True enough, per Christianity has its own history of violence, the Crusades, the inquisition, several other detourists from the path of peace and tolerance. Just before he became hopeless, you're Benedict to clear that Turkey should not be allowed to be a European Union because it's Islamic culture is incompatible with Europe's Christian culture. But the real case for the prosecution rests on his invitation to attack in journalists Ariana Follachi to visit in Lysub Timber. Follachi who died last week was an atheist and her famous award correspondent ended of here was decades behind her. But she carved out a second who is the most extreme anti-Muslim writer in Europe. Producing two best-selling books since 2002 they'd vilified Muslims as dirty subhuman to multiply like rats and portraying Islam as an irrational religion that breeds hatred. Her next-to-lice book which presumably inspired the Pope's invitation was the force of reason which argued that the West is rational and reasonable, whereas Muslims are not. And there was the Benedict and Germany last week saying exactly the same thing what a coincidence. Benedict quoted from the 14th century Byzantine Empire manual to second paleologists who told a person that visited that spreading the faith through violence is something unreasonable, God is not pleased by blood. So far so good. But then manualized as Muslim visitor, show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and neutral fine things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread the sword by the sword the faith he preached. Then decoded that too enough for the comment. He ended his speech four and a half pages later by quoting the Emperor again. Not to act reasonably, not to act with logos is contrary to the nature of God. Said manual, second according to his Christian understanding of God, it is this great logos. What is logos? I don't know. You know a logo? You know like a sports team has a logo? I'd add it. And this is to this great logos to this breadth of reason that we invite our logos to invite our partners in the dialogues of culture. In other words, you Muslims are unreasonable, but if you do it our way, then we'll find a gift somewhere. And we don't like your logos. So now we know that the new Pope is a procural and intolerant man, but anybody who paid attention to Cardinal Rassegres previous career knew that already. Now he's in a position to do much more damage. Pakistan's parliament is unanimously passed a resolution condemning the Pope's speech. Seven priests and churches in the occupied Palestinian territories have been bombed, set ablaze or shot at. A Catholic nun has been shot to death in Somalia. Most Muslims are well aware that violence is an inappropriate way to protest accusations that Islam is a violent faith, but why do they even care what the Pope says? The real reason for the approach that so many Muslims feel under attack by the West. Two Muslim creptries have been invaded by the US and its allies since 9-11. And another Lebanon has been bombed to ruins by Israel with full US and British support. At least 20 times as many Muslims have died in these brutal wars as the number of Americans who died in 9-11 attacks. And almost none of them had anything to do with that terrorist atrocity. So the suspicion grows among Muslims. All this was not really about 9-11 at all. And almost any minor insult islam from the West is enough to trigger outrage from Morocco to Indonesia. We haven't achieved a full scale of partial civilizations yet, but we're really making progress. Nice going, Gwen. Mums are vast too. Bigger. And that's Joe. Of course, watch TV and interview for many other ones, right? Right. Although we did like the other fact that Jolly, a fat Pope, the kind of the Joe Bell Pope. They liked him. He kissed up to everybody, even the news a little bit. Even Israel a little bit. Not too much. Come on, honey. Okay, take a look at the little kitty kitty that is real. No. Thousand ninety-three votes on the poll, baby. Perina Dubnik, right? And the associated press. Oh yeah, this is Gwen. The OS, we saw virtually nothing about this. Maybe I missed it. I didn't see nothing about it. Still haven't seen anything about it today. All the protests that we're going on outside the UN yesterday. Did you see anything about it? Nope. You see pictures of it? Nope. On her is a dumbbell sitting there in a chair. Look at her. Oh, he's meeting with the Palestinian Authority, a person, a boss. That's Machmood a boss. For the uninitiated Machmood. I love when you go ahead and try to pronounce these names without the, you know, it's just, it doesn't have any small suit, man. You gotta do that Machmood. Not Machmood. And that sound like it sounds a little bit wrong. Machmood, baby. As an obstacle lever, you can be the good mood or? Machmood. Watch your logos, baby. Google that. See what that means, yellow, GOS. It's a word, agos. Maybe that's where Bellalagosi was from. Thousands of Iraq war protests is marked yesterday, because you went where President Bush was presenting his vision for the Middle East. It's a skeptical word, ladies and word. They were skeptical. I'd look at him like, oh my God, are you kidding me? Markter's chanted, hey, hey, ho, ho, the Bush regime has got to go. And hoisted signs and said, Bush lies, who dies? I love that, hey, hey, ho, ho, crap. That's usually a, hey. That's stuff. So, let's go. A hundred more demonstrators. A hundred more demonstrators. Well, in front of you when, later, two day in opposition to a rainy and present in Machmood, I'll, I'll find an integer, who was to speak there. I was to go in two, and that one. Machmood, I'll find an integer. I'm more passionate than ever about the Iraq war, because it's ruined our economy. It's ruined our economy, said Thomas Brinson 63, if yet bettering from Dear Park Long Island. It's killing innocent civilians. And the National Guard was deployed in Iraq and inward here for natural disasters. Like Hurricane Katrina, and no, I'm not going to play that thing. I know you won. Jason, you're on QA. No, I'm not fun. Ha ha ha ha ha. To do it. The anti war march organized by the group united for peace and justice started in the Garment District on the west side and stretch along a dozen lost to the went on the east side where there were speeches. A contingent of a dozen raging grannies were colorful hands and dresses. In fact, here's a picture, and I'm not identified old lady, what her only handcuffed in front of the UN. During that protest yesterday. After we had not my thought, the US had learned the lessons that Lillian Pollock 91 returned to the school teacher, but Bush was finding this war for two years. He tried to make it look like it was legitimate, but it backfired. It blew up in his push and a lot of other innocent people. Bush in New York at the UN General's Semadam on a quote, him, I was my native judge, spoke later in the body yesterday, but wasn't it the hall yet? They avoided each other like the plague. They didn't even be a mushroom. Did you see when Bush ran into Clinton to marry a woman? Yeah, and they're shaking a hand these patented momma. Yeah. You can even only imagine what Clinton is sticking to. Every time he looks at him, can you even begin to a man? Oh yeah. What a goof bump. The protester chanted, Ahmadine jad is a terrorist and somewhere scouting costumes and wielded skulls on sticks to symbolize what they said were the deaths of 120,000 political prisoners in Iran since 1979. Gabriel Bawak, a former judge from Sudan, the elephant in Canada, hosted a son that said, stop Mullah's nuke. UN sanctions now. Bawak said he flew to New York to join the protest because Iran and Sudan are allies. Iran has a totalitarian regime, he said, and the regime in homes in ally of Iran, both the UN and the West should work for a regime change in Iran. There let's just change the government to every country we don't like all over to a high-elected. It's real easy and Iraq, that's a fellow. We're not doing that nation building, but we're into regime change. Not too much in underwork change. We take a number of regime into, okay, you 111,000 and you are Google logo, so I'll do it. I'm going to text it to you. You're a person. Yeah, you're a person. You're a person. I didn't get it. Give us a second. Oh. We got 111 votes and it's 111. 7 is a matter of fact, at 1058. But this is a, I'm telling you, we're off to the races. You'll watch, you'll, man, we're going to leave you in the dust. We're going to leave that Sid the kid in our, in our wait. You're going to be sitting shivy for your numbers. Next, next book. Once the next trend comes, I'll, or they don't tell us, so I'll head out. I'll get up together. I'll get to, we got the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together in Stereo 4-5. Great idea, Neil. Thank you. 5-635 is the Humper Solo because another Marlon's game, what a blue it again. 33rd time they've blown the lead after the seventh inning. They lead the majors in that. They lost three to two last night against the scrub team of non-starters, including that 80 year old guy who's playing third base. What else is there? Who the old Fraco? Who the old Fraco? Who the old Fraco? Another guy. The old Fraco? Marlon's at the net said, yeah, what do he's kind of a Jamie Fraco? That's fine. And any K, if I was the baseball, you all will, any is coming into your lives spot at 155. The 50th name. So best tell us the pieces of Neil Rogers. More radio 560. Hey. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. What's your door? Any questions? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Here. What did you hear about the most? And what they've done? They said fire to some churches. They shot children on. They shanning that really violent. They said they're not really mean. All the smoking's on their head. Then it's too soon. Then it did six feet. What did he say? They made those smoke so angry. And at that way, maybe it's because. You're from Germany. We've tied the shoes and we're not a sea boy. Then it's six feet. And that would just remain cash free. They're all so many things. It's the proper time. They say the folks eat things. All over the village. They're burning that much. All the smoke's on their head. Then it's too soon. All the smoke's on their head. Then it's six feet. You better watch your logo as pop. Poppy. So that is how you pronounce it. Yeah. Like that off of logo. The sabers are on their new uniforms. Those yellow chickens or buffaloes. Oh my god. Is that a grotesque thing or what? Anyway, three different definitions. Let's see philosophy and pre so credit philosophy. The principle governing the cosmos. The source of this principle of human reasoning about the cosmos. And then Judaism in biblical Judaism, the word of God, which itself has creative power. And his gods and medium of communication with the human race. He sends down some meat. Logos. You can put them on your Nike's, your Adidas. And Hellenistic Judaism may apostasis associated with divine wisdom. Whatever that means. And Christianity, in St. John's Gospel, especially in the prologue, the creative word of God, which is itself God. And in Carnot and Jesus, also called word. Oh, word. Word up. Yo. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, word my ass. Oh, that's two words. It's big word. Wow. So there you go. That's the logo. So you better watch your logos, man. You can all pissed off. I can't understand what it, rag hynserola. Have you seen, have you seen any of the pictures from Afghanistan? Like what? Like a, yeah. Of the people. Oh, yeah. And their garb. Now, one thing I'll say about Iraq. Yes. Of course, was under autumn. You'll notice that when you see the pictures of these poor slippers in Iraq, where every day, fear for their lives. I mean, I could put a day alive in a whole family. Generally, like the teenagers, there were shorts and t-shirts and they looked like, you know, could you see anywhere? What's the same, the same in lesbian on? Correct. So people in Afghanistan, your average on, run of the meal on the street, slipper. They're wearing garbs from like the stony. Who saw Chaco's in? Exactly. All of this crap, man. All of these great. Right. But we're doing a heck of a job over there, especially since Karzai's brothers, one of the open, one of the award awards, who's one of the big open guys. And then I pop anything is going over very big there. They're really doing a heck of a job. So all this BS man, the crap that the media feeds you, and that's why Ted Turner ought to be there. I give my pen on the back. Nice going, Ted, even for a bozo like you that made all that money. You got to, you got to, he should be an inspiration for anybody, shouldn't he? Yes, he should. Because it goes to Shua, you don't have to be a rocket scientist. All you got to do is have a little mazal and a little initiative. Sure. You can make a fortune. Look at Oprah for crying out loud. She got any talent. Oh, and then, you know, really cracks me up. Is now as a new, and as much as I like Heath over many, he really has a great show. And I know he's not programming to me. They have to have somebody under the age of 100. But, you know, who cares about the viewer? Maybe it was not in his show. Maybe it was a, what's his name? Tucker. Okay. Mother Tucker. You're watching Tucker. I'll catch some of it. Yeah, not because I want to see him, but because MSNBC is the alternative. I'm not going to watch, see, and am I going to watch Wolf Blitz Creek? Wolf, I'm such a Zionist Blitz Creek. Am I going to watch him? Of course not. He's got no credibility on anything. On anything. And even he's kissing the bush, right? Because of course it's good for Israel. I mean, he's the most firm Zionist, whoever the most dramatic. In the world, Wolf Blitz Creek, where's he from? Hunger. But anyway, what was I just about to say? Something very important about something I saw on Tucker. Tucker Carlson talking about the view. Oh, it about the view. Now, who, you know any men who watched the view? No. And Rosie, I mean, do we care about Rosie about that cow? Bullby? Who cares about her? A bunch of it, like you say. Fats shut in. Those are the people who watched the view. Owens, becoming wildly popular. And I, right. Ah, your mama. That's it. I was just like saying that Barbara Star is not hand-gold, you know, so it's still a comment like that. Oh, she was just on it, but she's gone up there on Afghanistan. There's a snappy dresses. See, then you said that meals wrong, there's snappy dresses. And the who-sad chakos are up to date. Love and I'm in 27 votes on the pool. That was the great on-made con. I wonder if his name was really Ahmed. I bet it was. You would expect that Lorraine Homs would have said Ahmed. Huh? I don't know. No black chick would have said Ahmed. You think? He's never done. Although it is kind of funny when you're in Germany. Well, when you're anywhere in Europe, you know, there's speaking all these languages. There are black people speaking German. But that's a real trip. Or like in Amsterdam. And when you black people are speaking Dutch, which also has a lot of very gutter language. It's just, I don't know. It's strange. It's a culture shock, you know. They certainly are not speaking bubonics. I'll say to that. And whatever language they're speaking, they're speaking very articulating. They belong to a Dutch person. It sounds like a bonics. Oh. Well, that's only the crack guys. One time, I'm sure that very, in fact, here's another one of those important stories that we need to spend a lot of time on. One time, John Bene Ramsey murder suspect John Mark Carr. And if I can just make this comment, I'm going to say it one time, and I'm not going to say it again. Remember, last week, when it was a Thursday, and I said, this is the last day of taking calls on the show? That's the truth. Okay. Because one thing I've noticed on here is that since the first time I've yesterday, the number of people listening online was so phenomenal, that it's mind boggling. I'm not saying that everybody in the world wants to hear some old flag on the reading news stories and try to educate the public of brainwashed them. But the fact that the matter is, once they do not want to hear it, there is no question in my mind. They don't want to hear the same eight or nine people over and over and over and over and over just talking crap. Okay. Now maybe, or maybe one and every 200 calls that we take somebody saying something funny. There's a thing that we move on. That's the way I look at this business that we, you know, this is the life we have chosen, and there are different periods we go through, and then we change our logos. Whatever that means. Oh, no damage from the reading they bring on the photo of Ben Scott. Oh, boy. So we need another bad accident, you know? Right. And have some more dead astronauts that would be bad. One time, John B. Ramsy murder suspect John Mark car was offered a plea deal to the incident and child pornography charges that would free him on probation. Probation. This is a crazy person. Uh huh. This is a pedophile. Assistant District Attorney joined all of he didn't need to the uh the Cricky guy. Right. Assistant DA Joel Ann Ries said prosecutors who have three of the five child porn officers and charges against him. If he completely guilty answer many charges, car 41 were also getting credit for time served when we placed on probation for three years. It would also be required to register as a sex offender. The fence lawyer Robert Anne for insidious discuss the deal with carbon that he still believes his time is innocent. And for instance, the public has received a false picture of car when he described as a sub-in gentlemen with a sense of humor. Ha ha ha ha ha. Right. A sub-in gentlemen with a great sense of humor. Cars bail was set at 200 grand if he judged so mean a one called him a flight risk. Can't imagine why. Cars spent several months in cinema county jail in 2001 of waiting trial and short porn charges. Child porn charges and fled after being released. Americans wouldn't say what I'm amperant wouldn't say whether it's time to afford bail, but cars would remain behind bars for now. But he did kill Tom Robin and JFK. I mean, you know, he covered up pretty well. We did all those things. He was a patty. Yeah. And he killed the Harvey Oswald to wasn't Jack Ruby after all. Yeah, sometimes you see a film and a CC mean they probably docked it. Yeah, which Jack Ruby ran up and she got a thing. It's probably her. I was watching that live on TV's matter. Fact before you were born. You mentioned that. Was on NBC. I was sitting there. Was on a Sunday morning. I'll never forget it. I'm sitting around there watching the TV. I'll be depressed and morbid after JFK's assassination. And they're showing us the right there and broad daylight. You know, why can they have transferred him at three o'clock in the morning unless of course they wanted him to get shot? That's what was all part of her, which we know. And Jack Ruby, with that head who looked really, you know, like her real monster, which he was, and he was to hang around there all the time. And he also used a wine and dining as a club there in his strip club. He used to take care of the cops real well. That's all for the head. Well, I'm saying with booze and bras. I don't know. I don't know. Who knows about him. But in any rate, so that was just conspiracy. By the media. Well, never know. See, that's the sandspart of it. But whatever we know, JFK was behind it, the dog done it. I say it's just, it's just his logical, a John Mark car, killed JFK as, oh, the white weighters are great. Did I print that out? Oh, my god. Where does hells this thing about JFK and his doodles? I hope to see that. Did you see that for real? Oh, here it is. All kind of do after the break, though. This is very, very interesting. Oodles. What do you mean is that for real? Like you really drew a little sailboat and then wrote Buckhead Cuba. That's not what I'm talking about. Okay. Are you getting like Miguel Niles and all you know about is Cuba, Cuba, Cuba. That's what they're showing on the Yahoo story. Well, but you're Yahoo is behind that. Why do you think they call it Yahoo anyway? I give up. Wow. I think there's one guy who knows all of us probably way at the end of all these other ones on here. I'm sure it's on here somewhere. There it is. You're faster than I am. Let's see you already knew I was going to go. Yeah. Look at that. Isn't the time you took distress and worry out of last minute. Hurricane preparation and we still are right in the middle. It's sort of the middle of September. Long way to go until the middle of November when Hurricane season ends. Well, the hurricane shut about land manufacturers easy to use a accordion shutters. You ought to have them. And they now provide extra installation to for you. Call them at 9.5.4. 2.37. 7.83. They feature rule downs. Accordions. Panelists too. Just like the hurricane shut about. Look, custom make we've an install shutters for you. You don't want to be going to an entire hurricane season without protection. Believe you me. Call 9.5.4. 2.37. 7.73. Right now get on you way to top notch protection. It's the hurricane shut about. Left family owned and operated. Your license is insured and datebrought and published county approved too. They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specifications. They're ready for pickup or delivery or installation as well. The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted. Tell them that Neil sent you or told you to call and you'll get yourself a hundred dollar savings off a minimum order of 350 square feet. The hurricane shut around like in the protection unit all year round and south photo call 9.5.4. 2.37. 7.83. Around a wicked web just log on to hurricane shutteroutlet.com. The feast name. The best channel goes on to go. This is Neil Rodgers. Force video 5.60. You can. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Bro. Here she comes. Go on the air. She's breathing a little sound. And who really cares? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. You're done yet. Don't rest down the table to me. I'll prepare my tentaboo some raining. Take a look at to TV series. You can vote. I'm just thinking of this whole new weight and the reason weird, lostusion get into the US. Ah this whole thing may be like in the going testimon them. You can wait for it on Praburung via track. Look who is up there. Then we got off. Didn't get there? Well, I'll tell you one thing, if you see Luca Brassi sneak in there, watch out. Look out now. Look out now. Look out now. Don't call your look out. So anyway, get back to this doodle thing. Where did you see that about the... Because I know one of the Yahoo top stories on there, and they're showing a... One of the pictures, one of the doodles. Really? Did they leave out the one about 9-11? Yeah, I only saw the one, the one that was on the cover there. A strange associated press article about presidential scriblings makes a bizarre reference to a JFK doodle in which he seemingly predicted a 9-11 conspiracy 40 years before it happened. Associated press reports, President Kennedy known for separating his life into compartments who would enclose words and numbers inside circles and boxes. Even long after his death, if you have one doodle and unintended chill, I see it says events that's my bad reading. Events long after his death, if you have one doodle unintended chill, a small circle of the numbers 9-11 contained within, directed a lower left on the page the word conspiracy is underlined. The doodles part of a new book, Presidential doodles which analyzes the jottings of eight commanders in chief. What kind of astronomical coincidence could CJFK himself a target of conspiracy accurately forecast a major world event decades before it happened? Is this some kind of an inside yoke or was it a hat tip to the 9-11 truth movement? One thing for sure, it says, it's weird, it did. George W. Bush's most infamous note today came during a... And we've seen this before, we actually have a picture of it over a shoulder, or he's written, I think I need a bathroom break question mark. Is this possible? Bush's most infamous note today came during a UN Security Council meeting September 14 last year when he asked, Condeliza, if he could begin permission to take a turlet break. Word is curated a photo of the message above and later had to clarify its reason for running the shot on its photo wire. Many neocon, blow hard, basically your fuse rod is a photoshopping image focusing on why the photo was curated and taking attention away from the importance of what it said. The message perfectly illustrated, the fact that Bush has a figurehead and a puppet who controls absolutely nothing has to ask special and his handler simply to leave the room. I feel like that, and Hugo Chavez says, in Lebanon. He shows us other. Oh yeah, well, he's been a thawelension. I'm trying to think of our society, interesting people in Karakis, I wasn't really long enough to absorb it, but I knew it was so crowded, you felt like our rockroaching in a tin cup, wow, it was wild. I was going to pick you up one of them. Paragonal hats while you were down there. Yeah, right. Although, there were a lot of people in the lobby of the, I don't know, Shirin Karakis who had held a lot of these guys, look like some of the 50s, look like some of the people characters you see at runway 84, you should have picked yourself up a nice white sport coat and a pink carnation, boy that, and maybe you could have dinner with Marty Robbins or Tim Robbins. Lebanon, over the 65 votes on the pool, boy. They're sure sucking around me. All of a sudden, maybe they think I'm on the way out. Maybe I'm going to, I'm like dying. I'm dying on the hand. actually feel pretty good today. Not that doesn't mean I'm coming back tomorrow and I was a certainly I could have a relapse in a morning. By the way, that was quite a way that they brought Hank in there and hit him fall on the sword. I always wanted to ask you to piece of copy. That's all. I didn't have to make a major project out of it. But one thing about that operation regardless of who's at the helm. It's always a question of who's going to be the scapegoat. Who's going to take the fall? Remember those days? Remember the OJ golf tournament for example? Oh yeah. Who's going to be the scapegoat? Who's going to be the scour answer on it around telling this one, oh you're going to have to take the fall for it. All the stuff. I'm like a bunch of little children man. A fetic. I don't want to hear Billy J. Creamer all the way. I do like that song. But I do like to belmont a lot better. And I like James What's his name? Rocco, whatever his name is. Short. He better than all of that. I don't need to worry about what his name is. So I got his click that and there's that wall paper again. Look at that. And there he is. There's a word for that. There are some people who are like, no I don't mean I'm beside that. I'm just talking to some people that are striking looking. I mean, like Chavez, he's like, oh, so he had a look at somebody striking him with a laser, lose your lunch and yesterday's dinner. They could describe him. But there are some people who are just very striking looking, which you're thinking there, it's got some kind of a connotation. Let's see, what's so occurance to everybody's death would bother you the most. Neil Roger 626 and I certainly voted for me and George the two because he needs the money. He needs to keep the old man alive at least now the couple of years. Still Clinton to 18, Muhammad Ali is 62 and I see Josh probably voted for like Alan Oliver. No, I voted for you. I told you that. Yeah. What did you? Yeah. I missed it. I was busy hearing you're preaching about how sick you were. Hey, listen, it's no fun being sick on you people out there sitting there and I think you know, quitting your is no fun being sick whether you're young, punk or an old fart. The only thing is when you're old fart. See, when you're young in your sick it's like, well, this is something we got to go through. Yeah. When you're old and you get something, you think, oh, oh, this is the end. My friend, you know what I mean? Well, I've had the flu often enough. It's first of that 24 hour variety. You know immediately what I was doing. I was there getting the chills and little fever. I mean, when you walk, if you're like every step you've had about a thousand tons on your back and you know, Clinton to 18, Muhammad Ali is 62, Dan Moreno 51. We've trimmed this a lot of spots. I'll say that. George W. 40. Huh, Tom Brady, 24, Robert 10, year old 17. Al Pacino is 16. Alan, all of us 16. Why not help him heat it on there? Who cares about Alan? Don, Sheila 15, J. L. 13. And of course, as the numbers go down, it's at least a care about them. How are we Clinton 12? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. They're not too fun of that bitch. I mean, that the Carol Burnett 12, Pope Benedict the 16 only had dozen. And like I said, you can be sure they're all go I'm. Katherine Harris 9, Katie Holmes 9, Daddy call pepper eight. And believe me, if they lose again this week, it'll be down to a minus. Janet, we know seven, Tommy Cruz 3 and Dustin Hoffman only two. Dio already is what they're saying. How do you like that? Dio de Aino. Can you believe that? I believe it. I see if we to put Paul Simon on there. He wouldn't have gone a lot of votes. They'd be off set of feet died. But Dustin Hoffman and, and, plus you know what, what else he's got going against him? Ugly. Yeah, right? Oh yeah. I'll just, I'll just side out of mind. They don't know from Dustin Hoffman. Right? I can't imagine what he's done lately. That I'm sure he's done something, but I just can't take a look. We don't know about it. Didn't make any big impact. Well, probably the last thing he did was, I'm guessing, is that meat to fuckers movies. That's right. Meat to wine? Same. A fucker? Fockers? Fockers? Oh, and that was, what's his name? The name was in that two, right? I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I didn't see it. So anyway, what's his name? James Franco. You know, is there any movie that he made that actually is worth my going out and getting or you don't know? Spider-man too. I'm not into Spider-man. It's not. I don't know. I don't know. I'm making things prominent in it and it's good. It's prominent? Yeah. Look for it. The feasting. So this two-months of the feast is wheel rotchers. Force-Ridio-560, SUA-M. ELEGON. New on-box. It's celebrity duets. Your favorite stickers are states together with Baha'a-Sulets from Hollywood. This week, it's Gladys Bank. It's a new way. And a very creepy John Carr. I'm not much of a singer but a track shuttle with the great time. Maybe just listen to it all over. Telling how much I love it. I'm sorry. Are you at Baha'a? Also here are the sweet sounds of Michael Bolton. And the lovely Paris Hilton. You want me to think like live? I don't think that. My mom is this mom's younger. You know? It's the all-new celebrity duets. Two to the next week to your barber's slice and sing with Belle Gibs. Sing her with a 10-piece bed, wrap with Ben Miller ice. All I can't wait for that. Not. Let's see. Here's what I says. Please add really Nelson of the pool. Okay. That's only because you got covered in mushrooms and a pod. That's right. How much was it? Like four million pounds of pods. I'm like, really Nelson. Probably in the slamer. You got him on there? What do you do? You're zooming up there. We like really Nelson. All right. You're still afraid to train on the road again. Great singer. Not. Here's a facet that says the set of the word clauses is the set of a 95 documentary film that's written by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Freeman and your BMAs. But I've seen it. And you know where I've seen it? I already seen it. Film channel. Well, I have seen shows all kinds. Especially if it's gay. You know, or like European or anything like that. Not commercial stuff. Watch I have see much. Maybe I thought I didn't have your cable. Sure. Yeah. Thank God for that. Well, that's something. There's I have seen the ultimate weapons on now. I sure if they don't see any words. Although, you notice more and more. I have seen that there are many like Bravo and a lot of other channels. Even on cable now, there are bleak and stuff. How it works out? Like on A&E? Yeah. That is disturbing to me. It goes to show you how far censorship is coming in America and how we can Lain the American public is his layback. Whatever the government this is out, man. They just suck it up. Anyway, the film is based on the 81 book of the same name. The cellular closet. Written by Vito Russo. And on previous lecture with film presentation 72.82 given by Russo. And it will be searched the history of how motion pictures, especially Hollywood films, and portrayed gay lesbian, bisexual, and trans-gendered characters. It was given limited release in select theaters in 1996. And it was on the IFC Trust me. The documentary interview is very as men and women connected to the Hollywood industry to comment on various film clips and their own personal experiences with a treatment of LGBT characters and film. From the busy characters to the censorship of the Hollywood production code, the coded gay characters and cool stereotypes to the progress made in the early 1990s. I have one thing to say that this facts are by the way. You're fair, but nevertheless. It's pretty good, so to the word closet. I think I've also read the book and I've seen the flick on independent film channel. IFC, which you've seen non-plus. That's okay. It's not for you. What? IFC? I watch it. It's like James Russo. It's not for you. Okay. For me. You can have it. Okay. Thank you. Oh, weekly. Now the only reason this really pisses me off. Even though we can't stand her any civilized people and in the first place, I'm a Syrian idiot. But she sold the pictures. She sold the rights and to the pictures. The last pictures of her kid sitting in the chair in a hospital room before he died. For $650,000 to $2,000 to $2,000. One of them being in touch weekly. I figured what the other one was. That's pretty good deal. This was like days after he'd died. You guys only been dead a couple of weeks. Well, she's a cold hearted money grubbing bitch. Bitch. Bitch. I mean, with no shame whatsoever. You know, I mean, because positively, no shame. I can't stand that. Anthony Sprall, the cold sister sold the topless picture of Nicole to the tabloids for who to another one. Yeah. Another slut. Bitch. And in the cold semester, 20 year old son had been taking a common anti-depressant and a sleeping pill. And the combination of the took it had been behind his death in touch has learned exclusively. Breaking news is on their website. Breaking news. Breaking balls. Daniel Smith had prescriptions for both in some New Drug Ambion. And the anti-depressant Lexa Pro for two months. And the buildup over the waist could have been just too much for his body to handle. Pharmacists Jennifer, ATH, tells him, touch a cocktail of two drugs can be fatal. There are cases where people have died of it, she says. You know, and it's really interesting. They've brought him, Dr. Cyril Wacken, had him do another autopsy. And when they talk about Cyril Wacken, they say, oh, he's so famous because he did the autopsy on Elvis. And forget who the other one is that they mentioned. And they never mentioned he was one of the, we became famous because he was, but then it was only old-farts like me would know that. Dr. Cyril Wacken, the pathologist right in by Anna Nicole, on a course he was also in the OG Trauma, to conduct a second autopsy, said Daniel's depression ended with a girlfriend. Daniel died September 10 after flying with the Bahamas, where Anna and Nicole 38 had just him birth to a grocery name Hannah Rose. Her son had been in the hospital for a month before his son death. This is like a previous story they had, David Ian Kolt, a director of the The GNC, the director of NNC, movie illegal alien, said Daniel Smith 20, have been in intensive care for an elevated heart rate. See, how come we're just hearing about this now? I don't know. He was in the hospital. Her two or three days, as the encolored became close to both NNC and Daniel, who was in a apprentice on the movie. He was really sick. He lost something like 28 pounds, and had a constant stomach ache. According to GNC, Daniel had seemed to have recovered. He was still not fully fit when he flew to the Bahamas to be with his mother. After she gave birth that little girl September 17, he died three days. See that? So maybe it was the combination of the drugs or maybe he was poisoned or something. Who knows what? Maybe it's in spinazzy, maybe he had like a big helping a big coli. You think? It's positive. What are their flaws? He got a job as his daughter. That's the best running dog I've ever seen. I like it. They've had me do that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He said him, perilec, he has streamers everywhere. He's repulsion ass. Who though job is? Hugo Chavez. Oh, no, tell me this is a Tony Harris that bolted a geek. Oh, man, do I hate him? Doug Thompson, your favorite rights to have time for this before the break or not. I'll make time. How's that? See, one thing I've decided, and I'm really being an old fart like I am and who knows I could Crow tomorrow. I might look to 100. Who knows? But I'm doing the Neorodges show. I mean, these people can blow it out their ass. They did. They haven't got a clue. It sent poor Hank in there and you know, had him fall in the cross. It was nothing that there was a big deal about. It was just, you know, I had a question. It was legitimate question. What was done with that thing was was unacceptable. And it was ridiculous. And a person in Harris's position can afford to be made to look ridiculous and quite practically he does need a lot of help. You see him lightly? Clears. Looks ridiculous. Oh, look at this. And he's holding up no one. Chomsky's book. Hahahaha. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. He refers to Bush as the Devil. And he's holding up a book by no one. Chomsky. At him. You go, you go. How do you like that? Now I'm going to do the break of Neorodges, Thompson. I, he said freedom is just another word for everything to lose. Got Marine Dad Day your favorite girlfriend. They're my big fat pile here today. I got piles baby I'm gonna share them with the world The best talent The rotters for Shreddie of 560 Thank you baby Oh right Kids who just got bad today That jerk to know who used to play Like nobody else not at anyway But man, I still think Jerry Jones is crazy The boys are back to clown, they're going to go and down After the boys are back to clown How does boys and Dallas down You know that jerk who used to dance a lot Every time they got the hands on with a sharpening and hip-sat Man, he thought he was cool but he was really not What a joke that several low-ins And that time at the Cowboys place When she was dancing a little girl wanted to switch Then they're mad over and got her in this space And now he thinks they won't forget it The boys are back to clown, the boys are going down I said the boys are back to clown There's noise and Dallas down That's the joke and they can drown There's a ego is now The boys are back to clown The boys are back to clown They're going down They're going to squirmly go All he knows about is the dolphins, the keens and tuba How much of Josh knows about T.O.S. Pinky Yeah, what about he? He got surgery Yeah, we met Yelda and he was going out with poor T.O. He's got a little screw I had a couple, it's in fact the headlines said T.O. gets screwed Dallas in the 30 chairman Machmoud Abbas Yeah, I'm the only reason I'm reading this is because it's in Machmoud Now I see that Machmoud Practicing at the tumor law Because I think in the future you're going to need to be All the others go down You understand the stop-offing strack of everybody And you were chave I said you could steal the smell of sulfur We're still in the security council You might have to brush your left, did you see that? That was a great quote Yeah, the smell is sulfur was still in there Man, or maybe he just said bad, yes, maybe it was in egg fart you go Pallas in the 30 chairman Machmoud Abbas will tell President Bush today That proposed Pallas in the union agreement will recognize Israel's right to exist And previous agreements between the PLO and Israel Pallas in the official totally is Jerusalem Post yesterday They didn't tell how are it, they told the Jerusalem Post Thousands of Hamas supporters to the streets of Gaza city Yesterday calling on Abbas, that's a Cicambu American dictates Regarding the unity government and the work toward resolving the financial crisis in the PA I've Pennsylvania the Palestinian Authority President Abbas will make it clear that the political program of the unity government will clearly refer to the Arab peace plan that was declared in 2002 And which is based on a two-state solution said by official It will also tell Bush to Prime Minister Ismail Hanie, I promise that the unity government would honor all the agreements that were signed with Israel If the US wants to strengthen President Abbas, it must accept the unity government idea Because there's no other alternative Another PA official told the post, I don't think the Palestinian government will accept a cool Against a democratically elected government So there you go, take it or leave it I think there have been more fun killing innocent people And anyway, just a thought, I could be wrong The Trumpson says, Sweden is just another word for everything to lose Let's sing it, he says, when he's played the high, let's play Diyah Yeah, I said I want to play it in the next, it's still heavy She was on this, no, I couldn't play it I don't know what's drive on this, excuse me, wrong cut Drive on those cuts six here Right hand, we have Peter line Just for the only man, got your way Oh, Penny Smith said I did background work with him, and he said, so until there's more to learn You know it's a great album, it's your Frankie Diyah and George Zillack and the stupid I think it's great But George Zillack, it may come on with a little angel by the bell monster man, I got it in My iTunes now, I'm excited Yeah, that's easy, that'll do it First of all, we're a business when I return from woodline with my 80 million winning tonight Is going to be there Put that into my iPods, slump it in there baby And this business of course I'm at a little far, so what do I know? Okay, they've only had a few months or whatever, but Well iPods are pretty we absolutely now, and what does that mean? Who said that? Oh, I keep hearing that, you know all these techno geeks Come on out of the bottom, yeah, there's lots of gadgets You find the one you like best Yeah, I like it And yeah, it has its imperfection, this got its problems But nothing is perfect, nothing is smaller for the storage Right, I got about 3,500 songs And they're already now still got lots of room And the other way the reason why is the size Huh? Any other device with that much storage would be twice the size Right, it's just a little thing So I heard when you sweep away the hyped Doug Thompson says the lies in the politics of George W. Bush's so-called war on terror You're left with one in a scapable conclusion The president of the United States is at war with freedom In Bush's myopic view of the world freedom is expendable Freedom has no place in a presence, he where power is everything And the only opinion can be his As Bush has already frags all mental state dissolves in front of a nation That's no longer the land of the free We see more and more evidence of a madman vent on absolute control of a totalitarian state Where dissent his band independent thought is not allowed and different opinions are not tolerated The ugly reality is that Bush is deranged paranoid and Megalomania, Megalomania, Monaiical, can you say that? Megalomania, the obsession with power surface Spring is out of control performance that a press conference lies Friday We declare that any disagreement with his views are unacceptable MSNBC's Keith Obermann put it best in a stinging spot on commentary Monday night And it's got close in here from a keath The president revealed his last Friday He fairly spat through his teeth words of unrestrained fury Directed at the man who was once the very symbol of his administration Who was once an ambassador from the administration to his critics as he had once been an ambassador from military to his critics The former secretary of state Mr. Powell had written simply and candidly and without anger And the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism This president's response occluded not really what is apparently the president or clothing of threatening to hold a one's breath But within it contained one particularly chilling phrase Mr. President former secretary of state colon palaces of the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism As a disaster reporter if a former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and former secretary of state fields this way Don't you think that Americans in the rest of the world are beginning to wonder whether you're following a flawed strategy If there's any comparison between the compassionate and decency of the American people and the terrorist tactics of his streamers is flawed logic We're said it's just I simply can't accept that it's unacceptable to think that there's any kind of comparison between the behavior of the US of a and the acts of Islamic extremist to kill innocent women and children Which even objective of course is acceptable. I think that there's any kind of comparison and this in particular debate It's not only acceptable. It's obviously necessary even if Mr. Powell never made the comparison in his letter Some will think that our actions at Abu Ghara, right foreign Guantanamo, or in secret prisons in eastern Europe are also comparable to the actions of the extremists Some will think that there is no similarity or if there is one it is to decide this and most unavoidable degrees What all of us agree on is that we have the right we have the duty to think about the comparison and most importantly that the other guy who's opinion about this We cannot fathom as exactly the same right as we do to think and say what's on his mind and his heart and his conscious Helm is right all of us agree about that except it seems this president with increasing rage He and his administration begun to tell us we are not permitted to disagree with him That we cannot be right that cool and Paul can not be right and then there was that one most awful phrase in four simple words last Friday The president brought into sharp focus what has been one vaguely only vaguely clear these past five and a half years the way the terrain at night is Perceptible only during an angry flash of lightning and then a second later all again is dark It's unacceptable think he said it's never unacceptable to think that was Keith Oberyn's piece or part of it. I say unfortunately dark Thompson says the George why have to separate what the you know The fish from the Whatever file unfortunately the George W. Bush it's unacceptable to have any of you with the world but his own it's unacceptable In Bush's eyes to challenge his thinking to question his conclusions or doubt his integrity even after he's been put in a lie after lie Mistake after mistake in incorrect assumption after incorrect assumption Bush and those who follow him have systematically dismantled the Constitution and the freedoms we once enjoyed on rich protections They've created a police state where the government routinely spies on its citizens Monitors it's phone calls reads its emails and videotapes its actions In Bush's vlog view of America dissent his tantamount of treason and those who dare challenge his imperialism must be treated as traders Anyone who does not march an absolute lockstep who is police even those proven wrong time and time again must be punished and Don't even think of opposing his dictatorial rule because in George W. Bush's world. It's unacceptable to think Pretty good doggy usual and Keith Oberman We can put that Keith Oberman clip on our website if we wanted to I think it's hard to think yeah, even even metro man admits Let's see want me to find it. Okay. I'll sound a little in one saying those I was going lens about time Silly old lady. Where is it Keith Oberman? There it is Bush owes the country in apology now. How do I how am I going to do this? Should I just said it long and then you were echoed or something? Okay, send it to the new son I use a bigger pardon said it to Eric Well, I'm sending it to our site. That's all and whoever our subset Eric and handler. He's on top of it today It's mom If you really rip him an angler. Oh, oh, something just facts this and this is a real drag Wal-Mart personnel thought women that's in quotes were trying to pass the lunchecks in Paris and gay peri. Why do I think they call it? Hey, I don't wonder three men in drag bought merchandise and road checks across oh, this is Paris Kentucky Well, that's probably a gay peri two They brought merchandise and road checks across Kentucky and Indiana using four jidies Paris police city yesterday Well, but if you saw the by-line the date line and he was Paris when you think it was Paris France You're pretty good. I thought it was what I fact and the first name is Jacques J. ransom 32 Eric Dawson 23 and Aaron Courtesis Alexander 31 all of Louisville Skids will be a rain today and What does that bourbon district court bourbon? The street were arrested and charged Saturday when first police received a call about three black women trying to pass stolen checks at Walmart The street of left a store of a police caught them on Paris Paris on Paris Pike They were going down the pike one of them had a wig on said many of your schimm gray a system chief of Paris police the other two had adapted Natural hair when the female appearance they had women's clothing versus pink cell phones make up earrings the whole nine yards Police said the three possessed numerous stolen chest and merchandise the three allegedly stole persons from hospitals other places They had their photos taken in drag and they were able to paste their pictures over the original picture on their driver's licenses Then they would open up a check in account with that ID they'd go all over the state writing checks when the source asked them for their IDs They pulled out what appeared to be completely legal driver's licenses Graced at the three apparently went through Kentucky and Indiana including the Indianapolis area Gospel charged with receiving stolen property and goes on They wanted drag and terrorists and talk you well. I got something inside and going on there sounds like we'll be placed to me Paris can tucky come on. Yeah, the Walmart that is happening How come we didn't see nothing about those protests outside the UN? They were protesting bush and oscmy didn't job everybody else who was there to or like all kinds of wild old grandma's being the truth Why don't you know We also got to do a John Mark car anyway right for then and it cools kid all the way did read that story Well, I was kind of interesting notice that that's about the first meaning for information We've had as lady was sick as a dog a hospital. How can we didn't hear that before? I don't know we're hearing oh well He was in perfect and that's why was so insane right? He's in perfect healthy sitting there I congratulate you on the birth of her new daughter and he's just sitting in a chair and I hope so and dies Sorry What's wrong with his picture baby? What's wrong with his baby picture? 12 it looks too much like her she is oh man. What a slut. I mean, you know there's good slots in his bad slots and believe me She ain't one of her good ones 252 boats on a pool and Dustin Hoffman a willy Nelson are right down there on the bottom together Wouldn't be the first time The biggest name so What is this You rockers force radio 560 This Dick Kaney I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene beside my balls while listening to the new rotters Welcome on our video I I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry What did you hear about the most? And what they done? They said fire to some churches They shot the children on They say they're not really violent They say they're not really mean All the problems I've made And That it's you Then it did What did he say? To make those love and so many And act that way Maybe it's because You're from Germany We tried to choose them when we were Nazis Then it did See Not that we're testing in cash We're all going insane It's the problem No harm They say the both be paid Oh All over the world They're burning at what you All the small things I've made And That it's you See Half of the small things I've made Oh oh That it's you You can see I'm smitten with that bit Smitten by the bit I wasn't about the day It's gone KJ, it's about time 12.3 at 5.60W If you were going to get that thing up there We still thinking about it It's over nothing President Bush O'Se American Opa O'Se the world in Opa O'Se America He was the university He was the university I forgot we had it on there Oh, take base, Nancy Grace Oh, we got the other key Goldman things, I want to come to your room So all we got to do is change that to a Hello, we're coming to your own bush How's that? 1703 votes are going to 1300 in the shake of the landstale George Allen's 12 days of refusal Right, I reform and in the tomorrow few Jewish voice Oh, it reveals a lifetime of good old boy intolerance After seeing his lead in the Virginia Center Race Drop I nearly 10 points in 12 short days Virginia Senator George Allen finally apologized last week To SRC Dorth For using the racial slur macaca To describe the 21 year old Virginia native Evidium descent was working on the Jim Web Percentive campaign this summer Macaca You're what? Macaca? Yeah, I know that was coming. You love that thing. Yes, I do. For some the use of a racial slur by a politician New thinks he is president and so mature It was absolutely shocking But for those of us who know the real of George Allen The senators use of a racial slur as just another example of his Good old boy intolerance just got old redneck And he's got a list of about 80,000 The senators of 1993 George Allen refused to distance himself from An on-section Republican flyer comparing his opponent to it Off Hitler when pressed on the issue Allen dismissed Nazi comparisons just part of the rough and Tabla politics. Rather than denounced the flyer Allen said you have to have a fixed skin And sense of humor and common sense in politics Cozying up to radical right when you're Pat Robertson In 2005 Senator Allen delivered the commensurate Dress at Pat Robertson's Regent University And in a press on ABC's this week days before Allen's commensurate Dress Robertson argued that federal judges pose more of a threat to the US And just a few bearded terrorists who fly into buildings And George Allen would make a tremendous president When called on to denounced Robertson's ridiculous claim about federal judges Allen refused and went on to deliver the commensurate Dress at the right wing's radical university anyway In 1996 while serving his Virginia governor Allen sought out a relationship with the Council of Conservative citizens the CCC a success organization The white citizens council are recognized hate group by the Southern poverty law Center and one of the largest white supremacist organizations anywhere A picture of Allen posing with CCC officials which featured in the CCC summer newsletter That summer while discussing the photo with CCC organizer and the picture said It helped us as much as it helped him we got our vulnerabilities As governor George Allen's standards of learning proposal Supported the inclusion of Bible studies in all public school curricula From 1998 to 2000, George Allen displayed a noose in his office Allen regularly defended the noose arguing that has nothing to do with lynching And it's more of a lasso after being pressed literally for years Allen finally admitted in 2006 that indeed was a little old noose But I guess that's old noose In 1993 as candidate for governor George Allen displayed a Confederate flag in the birth First TV activist campaign almost not surprisingly Allen senior high school producer shows the senator supporting a Confederate flag Pinanas Lapelle in college Allen proudly displayed the Confederate flag on the back of his pickup truck And in his college dorm where the flag was an explosive issue During a speech at Glenmore Country Club then governor George Allen Mark single mothers receiving welfare and implied that single mothers are well for our Permissuous he said by you know when you come to ask for support for yourself and your child Are your children we want to know who the followers oh gosh how she ever going to figure that out That's going to be too tough just give us couple of three names You know there is DNA testing we'll find him George Allen is an outspoken opponent of women's rights to choose He proudly holds a 100% voting record with national rights to life organ Organization and as governor he resented existing health care coverage for abortions for state employees In 1994 George Allen called gay relationships unnatural and illegal Noting that he opposes permitting to gay parents to adopt a child because it's not in the best interest of a child Be raised in that environment in a 2006 in 2006 year during a town hall meeting Allen voices opposition Did a finding sexual orientation is a civil right noting I don't care to raise it to that status After winning his election to governorship in 91 Allen apologize to his democratic opponent for running an ad The question to wisdom if not to patriotism of his opponent shamelessly Allen's campaign superimposed the picture of his opponent over an anti-war demonstration And highlighted a banner reading victory to Iraq Allen sister Jennifer Allen outlined Senator Allen's mean streak and short temper as a community menace When describing describing how George and her brother Gregory would destroy neighborhood mailboxes Jennifer Rice George would serve as a swore of his mock to Mustang while Gregory held the baseball bat out the window to clear the mailbox of its post Jennifer Rice ever since my brother George helped me over the railing in Niagara Falls. I've had a fear of heights other than that. He's want to help a good old guy Boy see it. Tell them over the railing in Niagara Falls, but he didn't fall bill in Miami formerly billin for a lot of them boy you're moving in a wrong direction building The billy has billy on I'm like drunken old billy you anchory were right out of Josh's grass there. Well, that that show is so sick so bad so bad The hurricanes it says are out of the top 25 for the first time since November 28, 1998 Oh God, what are we gonna do now? Marlon chances for the wild Carter subsided away their gone man or five out would love 10 or 11 to go they're done and the dolphin started the season 0 and 2 for the first time in 37 years Art we blessed as billin Miami and we are blessed by test man Just tap yourself on a chest and grab a good breast Oh, and NASA is gonna land in Florida 621 tomorrow morning with it without those three geckies In your search 20,000. Maybe there's a flying post is think so or the flying will end this maybe and outer space where be something to think we're like creatures Who was it that used to be on creature feature was that day of Dixon empty graves? What's run to been day of Dixon under the characters name I beg your pardon. I don't think Dave Dixon was ever well, he was a character But not that kind big fat Oh, okay, no, he might have a little bit to go to the channel 6 Yeah, we first was the night owl movies with big Wilson that's right And they put on fact he was nonchal so excuse me. He was they were on the company Competitively they compatibility to other big Wilson and Dave Dixon big was on six with night owl and on channel 51 the old channel 51 by paris worlder and danya Dave Dixon was I don't know what they call that the all night movie whatever what he was great. He was funny and they went to meet right And then he died fact what's the part of time? He either call I think he called him on a show We got in touch with him somehow Dave Dixon back in the day maybe our old friend and fully there who was probably out to lunch right now And as most of his life they got it from on that T end the top station and fully the facts last week Maybe he was something about Dave Dixon fact you could probably Google it. He was pretty well long guy and pretty big and Detroit Well, he's pretty big everywhere about 400 pounds good guy a great sense of humor and he used to show all a crappy old movies And he he was one guy commander intended to move it was crap I think yeah for 10 and he's like oh, I'm seeing a really great movie here And you really gotta stay up to watch it now. Look at that there's a road chabas. He said again Bush is the devil and I think he happens to be That might inflame some of your people in South Florida who very upset with people Charlie L whatever not or anything Having an influence with him because he's good buddies with females with courses, you know Anti-Christ me he'd be ill but devil could all he'll be alright all the miserable old bastards They lived to 100 good guys. They died about 64 182 votes will have 1300 by the bottom of the yard where well on our way to 14 number to skies 11 today, man We're off to the races or off to wood by I got marine dogs good company hostage to Iran again question mark And also Frank rich had a good he was on with Chris Matiz on the softballs last night Eric says that whatever you wanted to be done is done thanks there a few the best man in spite of which I Here is a this is good damn thank you dead sweetheart good pulls you just number if you let Friday Against a good pull ideas out there including including from Sean which I'm really some from me is Thanks Sean that after you assigned him and just to you know shrugged him off that he finally came through again for us That's why he went away because you snubbed him all summer long that's right So now I had that job of trying to like get all our friends back if the ones that we have left We don't have any friends in the world. I think what we got 60 one or something on my space 60 word I think Oh, isn't it I don't know all that's take a look at me. Okay. I couldn't be out of line could be exaggerated when we the first time My space there is probably the midget time that I've resaturated okay, maybe I'm way 16 you know six I guess of a six 11 I have another six in there on a way to six sixty six Ooh, we got 16 We need to do a stick a little sex six in the middle you'll get the right in the middle of my simple soda John volt Lommos made me spit it up He says it's so bad that travels them the same thing in the space to his own people Yeah, you're a good amount of talk you Nazi bastard nice mustache The O'Rotters force radio 560 About black people I Do it and stir about the farmers knew damn well if it was E. Cole I and it went ahead and the we see that no I didn't know Oh, I got a huge story on and in fact it was probably so big I stuck it way in the bottom of my mouth Now I can't find it. I'm spinning you know that how that hurt is Farmers give in sharp warning me for outbreak Federal health officials will California farmers to improve produce safety and appointed warning last November nearly a year before the multi-state E. Cole outbreak linked to spin-achi in fact the current food poisoning episode is the 20th since 95 linked to spinach or lettuce Said the FDA and the FDA Let us as in lettuce 90 that crap again lettuce spray Those state and federal officials have faced the coronavirus where California companies first finished. They haven't pinpointed the source of the bacteria It would kill one person and say at least 113 others a second death was being investigated the outbreak which involves 21 friggin states like that farmers were given a sharp warning. We know they need the money man Contoundary the irrigation water suspected in series of equal outbreaks and the FDA still warning consumers do not eat fresh spinach unless you have on a die Do not eat fresh spinach don't eat spinach out of a bag out of a sack out of a box out of a bowl out of a Black dome right now you can do a service with your audience All right now that Eric nice job Eric right on our website They're in a main page if you can go now see the only promise every time asking you to do this You've got that slow-crafting computer if you had a just let fix it come up here in the fixed this thing I can play all these audios. Oh, I didn't want him here. What a hello. I want him here. I mean he's okay Is that a bag that other you're doing you'll love it? You know whatever the the guy you have up there locally. Oh, he could do it. Yeah. He now he's a real engineer I know Those are the last we imagine here we had around was Julio in his studio man. He put the last finishing touches in his joint nice job Julio wherever you are What a good guy and a furry a knowledgeable engineer too did a great job That's why he's now with the company anymore. He moved out of him. He moved on off out of his joint out of this easily prison Anyway, you got the main page there right above a porcupine. Oh, probably Incredited at United States blah blah blah blah Right, I want you to click on it baby and say the audio. I can't pay the audio. He's not on the ear I can play it. You know Nancy's slow How long is that gonna take about an hour? Yeah, we're gonna play some music Right Let's do the one hit one race. We'll play a good one How can we not love that song? Anybody in there a group that don't like that song anybody in the house Josh you didn't hear anything for me did you like it? Yeah, it's fine. It's okay. No, I don't expect I your kind of music. Yeah, I don't know what that means, but I don't need it Because I don't know what your kind of music is and I don't want to know I like it every day. Well good Dough said he'll keep it in mind. Okay, so what's the story now? I'm looking over the video. I'm at your phone. Oh, it wants me to save it all right Well, I'll save it. Oh, yeah, I mean, this is gonna be a big project I click the thing on our website. Let's see one two Three saves that it'll three seconds. There's Keith all I would have to do is click on a baby and but I think I would play it Peace a cake Hmm cake Video and it's got choices where you're gonna there it is. It's playing up by me. I'm playing it I'm trying to do it with quick 10. Oh my god What kind of crappy computer of you got? I guess I bought a computer here. You go. I apologize For not up to me and here's Keith count on it. Let's look about three seconds What does he want? Papa papa papa. I see him speak in his lips. Oh, moving load sound is coming out and you're still Oh my god remember our time. I mean we are a lot of our stuff. You own his and I like something out of the stone age God, I'm embarrassed and humiliated and degraded Let me why you're still farting around with that and this probably take about a half an hour kill some good time All right, tell you anybody out there watching we did and this is not a good side of commercial, but it's just a personal endorsement He will have packed it pervillian if you want a small very fast very efficient do it all computer This is the one man does it all 7220 to slim line. I guess I better get that camera working. You know that the digital camera. Yeah, even just a send you picture this computer It's neat. It's lifted you know it takes a very little space. It sits upright right on the counter right next to your monitor Is that Keith over? Yeah, it sounds like count down to me You know, I can't hear it. We can turn our studio up in here, but I'll just have to shut my mic off so we don't get feedback Well nobody's gonna be honest with that. It's gonna need to load it's gonna want need to load it this streaming stop You know something I can do it better just Planet here and putting one of my speakers up to the microphone which is like like a child would do that You know right like a kid playing radio Which I think you're out we're doing here at QAM what I'll bunch your crap and that's the best we got there That's it. I can't even imagine what that one no we don't do we even have a computer in the other room. We said the laptop Yeah, we do what in there. It doesn't really do anything. It doesn't do anything Sparing no expense to bring you the best. Beesley broadcasting thanks a lot boys only the best I thought we would just act from the break. It'll be all loaded in the screen and But what makes you think it's gonna sound any burger going to be in more level. Josh will pot this studio up as loud as it can go Okay, okay. We'll try that. We'll do the break What a project man. Good god even building the space shuttle probably didn't take this much ever 24 pass no nutsy the date on this is March 21st March 21st 2006 I think you ought to get charla combs and Columbus. I think we ought to have the you went and vest again when two mciles department or something We're there are some hanky spanky going on back there man and even even Greg in his core horses partners and crime But never even dreamed up whatever's going on back there and it sure has held got nothing to do with sales Let me tell you right now great place to take your feet. I've been talking about these folks for about a hundred years now Brandy shoes in pompot obese There's nothing like Brandies because all the way around when you take your feet to brandies you win They give you the best lesson of top name brands that you know and love They give you unbeatable pricing and they give you friendly personal service to make sure that you get a perfect fit every time They carry rockforce Mufisto echo four-shime hush puppies new balance in all sizes for men and women and they even carry those wind with and Hard to find sizes for you folks with funky feet in fact when you stop into Brandies Be sure and stop by and see Arnie how make sure you get the right feeling shoes and unbeatable price The only thing they do at Brandies issues they own self pop up tosters or condoms You don't have to worry about getting the right deal Brandy shoes you'll find a mature night in the or federal highway and poverty Which between Atlantic and copes on the east side can't miss it and they're open every day for your shopping convenience Brandies open money through Saturdays till nine and every Sunday till five and again this week That's store-wide sales event continues take 20% off the first pair 25% off on the second pair and 30% off on the third pair of food and celloems this week So be sure to get your ass into Brandies or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website at Brandies shoes.com The fees names of best talents the business wheel Rogers force radio five 60 if you These ever suggested that the attacks of September 11th We're ordered by Iraq It's gonna be an awesome week of split-ups on DTV Du Bois television my day. It's the premier of newly divorced with Nick and Jessica Chatching her own Why are you first why then a Wednesday check our date and a violin common lecture in till death to us part Yeah, right I want full custody of the eyeliner. Hey, I gave it a nail polish watch fair It's fair and wrap up your week with meet the barkers and court But you're honored how do I give up half my tattoos dead get ready for jackass excise and an all new real world single mother That's this week on DTV divorce television 30 and five 60 W to come add dog coming up into a clock to power our with Hank and a man dog between four and five and Humber again another tough night five to six thirty five Then we got the Marlins on deck Marlins at the Mesties third and final. No. It's not the final. Yeah World series they got the wow wow wow another game to lose in New York tomorrow night And then they play this weekend and fully that little since you that little since you had somebody also clinched Probably the dangers I guess not order fillings looks like the boundaries to me though for the wild car But it was a nice run you know there's no sense in being real negative about them They made a nice run to give it a good shot and then they took I mean then that was it here As a fact this is you need to check out NBC news show studios and you're gonna play that thing in a minute. I'm gonna play it You sure no, huh? Are you sure? Well we'll find out it'll kill some time and I'll play music if we can't go Because I got a big pot here, but I could save it for like tomorrow and Friday and We come Russia show To least from the surface What is this is a suicide in do thing song? You know, but I like more but I really more But guess what the good is this is I saw our outstanding in the shadows the most time again Ever change my assignment At least the last half of it you need to check out NBC news show studio 60 on the sunset I'm gonna tell you she is so damn good What's her name tone-out's born oh yes, it's loosely based on the Howard B. like character losing it on the ear and attacking the media Religious right the government etc is opening speech can be seen at the link below. Thank you, Valmer Scott the link it sounds word for word like an excerpt from your show that even replace Reference network and the genius and petty chess key later on the private episode. Thanks And I'm gonna keep this and I'll check it out later on after I lose all my money and once you have to look up More naked pictures of James Franco or maybe a James Franco alive in the slosh He probably wouldn't look so good up close in personal you know 20 years old he's probably got a zither two here in there So what what are you gonna do you gonna play that thing now or we're gonna hear Keith Obermann or not? Okay here. Here we go You ready? I'm ready. Let's see if there's work. Hey, crank it up crank it Spank it sounds good so far Finally tonight is special comment about the rose garden news conference last Friday the president of the United States O's this country and apology It will not be offered of course. He does not realize it's necessity There are now none around him who would tell him or could The last of them it appears was the very man who's letter provoked the president into the conduct for which the apology is essential An apology is this president's only hope of regaining the slightest measure of confidence of what has been for nearly two years a clear majority of his people Not confidence in his policies Where in his designs or even in something is narrowly focused as rich vision of torture shall prevail his or that of the man who has sent him into aquacic Colin Powell In a larger sense though the president needs to regain our confidence that he has some basic understanding of what this country represents Of what it must maintain if we are to defeat not only terrorists But if we are also to defeat what is ever more increasingly apparent as an attempt to redefine the way we live here and What we mean when we say the word freedom Because it is evident now that if not its architect this president intends to be the contractor for this narrowing of the definition of freedom The president revealed this last Friday as he fairly spat through his teeth words of unrestrained fury Directed at the man who was once that very symbol of his administration who was once an ambassador from this administration to his critics as he had once been an ambassador from the military to its grace The former Secretary of State Mr. Powell had written simply and candidly and without anger that the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorists His presidents response included not merely what is apparently the presidential equivalent of threatening to hold once breath But within it contained one particularly chilling phrase This president former Secretary of State Colin Powell says the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism If a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and former Secretary of State tells this way Don't you think that Americans in the rest of the world are beginning to wonder whether you're following a flawed strategy If there's any comparison between The compassion and decency of the American people and The terrorist tactics of extremists It's flawed logic Just It simply can accept that it's unacceptable to think That there's any kind of comparison between the behavior of the United States of America in the action of Islamic extremists who kill innocent women and children and understand it's even Injection of course it's acceptable to think that there's any kind of comparison and in this particular debate It is not only acceptable It is obviously necessary even if Mr. Powell never made that comparison in his letter Some will think that our actions at Abu Fyraib or etglantanamo or in secret prisons in eastern Europe are all too comparable to the actions of the extremists Some will think that there is no similarity or if there is one it is to the slightest and most unavoidable of degrees But all of us will agree on is that we have the right we have the duty to think about the comparison And most importantly that the other guy who's opinion about this we cannot fathom has exactly the same right as we do to think and say what his mind at his heart and his conscience Tell him is right all of us agree about that except it seems this president With increasing rage he and his administration have begun to tell us that we are not permitted to disagree with them That we cannot be right that colon Powell cannot be right and Then there was that one most awful phrase in four simple words last Friday the president thought a new sharp focus What has been only vaguely clear these past five and a half years the way the terrain at night is perceptible only during an angry flash of lightning And then a second later all again is dark. It's unacceptable to think he said It is never unacceptable to think and When a president says thinking is unacceptable even on one topic even in the heat of the moment even in the turning of a phrase Extracted from its context. He takes us toward a new and fearful path One here to for the realm of science fiction authors and apocalyptic visionaries That flash of lightning freezes at the distant horizon and we can just make out a world in which a authority can actually Suggest it has become Unacceptable to think Thus the lightning flash reveals not merely a president. We have already seen the one who believes he has a monopoly on current truth It now shows us a president who has decided that of all our commanders in chief ever He alone has had the knowledge necessary to alter and reshape our inalienable rights This is a frightening and a dangerous delusion to president If Mr. Powell's letter cautionary concern predominantly supported can induce from you such wrath and such intolerance What would you say with this statement to be shouted to you by a reporter or written to you by a colleague Governments are instituted among men deriving their just towers in the consent of the governed At whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends It is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it and you institute new government Those incendiary thoughts came of course from a prior holder of your job Mr. Bush They were the words of Thomas Jefferson. He puts them in the declaration of independence Mr. Bush, what would you say to something that antithetical to the status quo just now? Would you call it acceptable for Jefferson to think such things or to write them? Between your confidence in your infallibility sir and your demonizing of dissent and now these wages better suited to a four to three year old You have left the unnerving sense of a White House coming on glued a chilling suspicion that perhaps we have not seen the peak of the anger That we can no longer forecast what next will be said to or about anyone who disagrees or what will next be done to them On this newscast last Friday cost the crucial law professor Jonathan Terley of George Washington University Suggested that at some point in the near future some of the detainees transferred from secret CIA cells To Guantanamo will finally get to tell the red cross that they had indeed been tortured Thus the debate over the Geneva conventions might not be about further interrogations of detainees that about those already conducted And the possible liability of the administration for them that certainly could explain Mr. Bush's fury A fact at this point is speculating the least of it would provide an alternative possibility as to why the president's words were at such a variance from the entire history of this country For there needs to be some other explanation Mr. Bush Then that you truly believe we should live in the United States of America in which a thought is unacceptable There needs to be a delegation of responsible leaders Republicans or otherwise who can sit you down as very goldwater and you Scott once sat Richard Nixon down and explain the reality of the situation you have created There needs to be an apology from the president of the United States And more than one But Mr. Bush the others were warnings on heated five years ago for war on justified four years ago for battle unprepared three years ago They are not weighted with the urgency and the necessity of this one we must know that to you Talk with which you disagree and even voice with which you disagree and even action with which you disagree are still Sacrosanct to you The philosopher Voltaire once insisted to another author. I did test what you write But I would give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write Since the nation's birth Mr. Bush, we have miscoded and even is balanced that statement But we have served ourselves well by subscribing to his assets Oddly there are other words of Voltaires that are more pertinent still just now Think for yourselves hero and what others enjoy the privilege to do so too Apologize sir for even hinting at an America we're a few have that privilege to think and The rest of us wind up getting yelled at by the president Anything else Mr. Bush is truly Acceptable All right People Okay, we apologize here because it sounded like he was underwater, but he is treadmill king. Yeah, he leapt them at all the way through Trot on me so somebody facts and says in light of his reason broadcast I say put Keith overman on there Let the L. I'll put that's okay. No points for his spelling Let's put him on our Keith overman with all the cool keys. He's the only voice of sanity on commercial TV The only one I'm not talking about the talking heads of you know as guests that they have on everybody I'm talking about somebody's better show a show a choke and unlike Chris Matthews He doesn't talk about power ticks and talk out of the side of his mouth. Oh, you're great come back again You're great Chris Matthews. I think he could be the anti-Christ you know Now let me say this to you okay, I'm just thinking about how bad that sounded now is that a byproduct of It certainly can't sound like that on our website anybody wants to hear that again or here because it was being streamed I assume that if you download the video would sound right or but I'm thinking about getting you one of these computers for the studio there They're not that expensive That would do anything for the internet connection which is most of the problems that we had clear what the slow Oh Oh my god Hello, I'm John Markard I have a confession I killed the crocodile hunter It isn't being true. I accidentally poked him with my 20 bar I'm taking forest possibility and it will need to face charges and up to you I can fly first-class on quantum throw another shrimp on the bar me Good eye for me here. It's a pretty gay thing Cracking I will look at this it's a pita. He's a beauty and a big bugger We'll get out of wings pain. I'm gonna seek out for him go to the table. Don't want a style Oh, God He's a so wonder He's clumped It's a little more alive What is wrong with you Rocky? So this is heaven. Hope you don't even say to me I know of course not any poison spiders no any crooks No, this is heaven croakie. He's not my idea. I'm what do you say, P. Do a block of fire? All right, stand on the x Oh Cracking this place is chocolate block for the snakes and they're beautiful It's sure it's hot, but no risk in the outback and croakie All that it's a snowball. I guess the Vikings are finally gonna win the Super Bowl Come on, let's have a look around She can't be powerful coat like in those horns Oh my god What are you doing? Drop me I have a closer look But he's got a 40 tile in a moon more less than the hot right For now Why did God invent snakes and always slithering nasty things huh? You know in those skaters why the invented and boofo toads to mess with us Oh always testing us, you know, our life-race to test it's an endless test That's what the gueski's will tell you it ends eventually. No, no, and now if you're around the right side If you're on the wrong side, well, that's a few paths here. The order of I'm here Reno once and he's on the wrong side Once at least so they tell him once to cancel a plane seal the idle facility for fifty million dollars claiming his real estate broker and it would be buyer-violet-aid confidentiality agreement by talking with majorly baseball about the site And lots of old Monday Glenn Stravich who developers got silver and broker E. D. Laker are fraud and breach of contract for plans to fit the arena Immediately baseball after the sale. They're gonna flip it and I'm he's flipping back The lawsuit in date civil court comes a week after silver filed a suit to force dropped out of the sales contract and turn over the arena Major league baseball has been shopping for land just south of the arena for a possible Florida Marlon stadium But League of officials are concerned the site is too small and any unfortunately The re-lanke could make a plan more attractive. It's too small on Tuesday silver said he's only top of League of Fizzle left Assigning the sales contract for the property silver and Laker both and I had Strav's allegations Strav's lawsuits had silver a developer and lawyer claim to be purchasing the arena on behalf of a French buyer Interested in reviving the arena, but the suit claims silver and Laker post baseball officials Internet mogul Jim Clark and others about buying the arena where they come off meeting with them Strav passed yesterday afternoon. He said Laker and silver only revealed their discussions with Clark Major league baseball and third would be byguring a meeting last week And in their view silver calls drops who had unfounded likely bid the whole out of the arena not immediately baseball might be interested in building nearby We were buying it silver said you wouldn't make a promise to a seller that would be only to put to one use because life changes things change in broadcasting That would Larry once said I did Think like it was silver's part of in the purchase and the sales contract Lister is the sole broker in the transaction Strav suit claims he didn't disclose her stake in the purchase for signed goes on and on and on Strav city was eager to accommodate major league baseball if it needs part of his line for a stadium And he may be interested in financing part of its construction He's a wealthy pot of beach developer and businessman We would love to thought of having a baseball facility next to us. He said it's a perfect location I never thought of it. Yeah, it's a perfect location right I wasn't somebody sitting move the criminal staff out of there to like the age of the city The edge of the universe out by the Everglades. Yeah, more in doubt says hostage to Iran again Oh, he'll go chavez is holding it. He says the US has a mortal disease You wait Even we better and I can He most beginning ways I guess not hero chavez. I guess I know him chance he's looking at Spaniard when you think of Should they translate it? Oh no question about that Michael more now we're talking My favorite people get him on that poll. Excellent. Here's a facts I think that's good idea I don't think he's got any votes yet. Keith old man. He's got no wrong. He's got two already. He's got a peer. He's got a big pair I'll tell you that make no mistake about a Keith old woman. He is he's there only hope in a media right now If Michael more had a show different story More in down says it was going to be ledger on ethics truth justice virtue and respect for human rights by a Holocaust denying Iraq meddling American hitting pipsqueak a guy who showed up to address the win without bothering to wear a tie So casual and a disco looking cream suit an open-up thing shirt. He looks like he would take back later in Chelsea If President Bush Well that he did look like that didn't he what about talking? Didn't look serious if President Bush was bland or bleak in condescending and as you in remarks by passing President Machmouda Asked Indyja the speak directly to the people of Iran the Iranian leader was more blunt referring to America and Britain Distainfully as the occupiers not a day goes by without hundreds of people getting killed and cold blood He said 6600 by the way in children's July and August A wrecky civilian just mentioned that again in passing Iranian leaders love nothing more than taught American presence as we learned when Jimmy Carter was immeasurable during the hostage crisis And so it was a Mr. Osmanineja who took WD and did change these before him about how Republicans are needed to stiffen America's will and through a back at them There was no indication in needle that the occupiers have the necessary political will to eliminate the sources of instability All day the White House team went through jarrations not to run into the Iranian leader if you're hold to be caught in the same frame Perhaps haunted by memories of that picture of a smiley rummy shaking the Sodom's hand in 1883 It seemed a little bit silly given what a tough guy W.A. S like if you ran into the punk you could just tell him to quit processing your Iranian and moved on Bush aides assured reporters with a security that they weren't studying the Iranian presence root or bathroom schedule That's a fixation would only build up a folder. We're trying to cut down the size But it's a little late for that with Mr. Osmanineja et stirring from the cover of time with a story on what war with her hand would look like and with Senator George Voynevich calling him on mad in the head And a Hitler type of person at the Senate committee hearing yesterday Can politicians just have a little postage on their microphones or mind when the not to compare anything to Nazis Mr. Bush played down on Osama for five years while he focused on Iraq But he's ill-fated detour into Baghdad just ended up magnifying another enemy and giving Mr. Osmanineja a huge strategic opportunity to stroke the growing fundamentalist and radical Shiite surge unlinked by the bugle occupation because W. Blue after diplomacy with Iraq He's now hostage to diplomacy with Iran the Iranian presence sounded more squirmed full of the win than Mr. Cheney does if the government said the United States with the United Kingdom were a permanent who is a de-security council committed aggression Occupation in five of the eastern international law which of the organs of the one can take them to account he said Complaining that they irrigate to themselves simultaneously the rules of prosecutor George and executioner Where their usual cultural tone deafness W. and vice-fair to appreciate the shrewdness of the Nemesis they won't talk to and continue to Erick and react as though everything were going along and a great going along great in their classes civilizations Wasn't it going along great? Oh, yeah, we're fine W. W. W. W. W. O'Gazi lit in the progress and democratizing the Middle East and speaking to auto-deo just in the morning vice-applying a heavy Truman phrase about the Cold War Calling the war against terrorist a war of nerves By the way, Halibur is making billions in billions I just mentioned it in past. Oh, yeah, we did it Vice-a this is a test of our character and then went on to defend all the administrations attempts to put itself above the law and wire tapping torture and detention programs that have undermined America's moral repute in the world John McCain seems on trouble with those who say that Is stand on torture might hurt him with a Republican based in 2008 after making nice with his formal rival W for so long The war hero probably enjoys getting a national guard boys face a little on an issue of principle W is not put so many bad actors in the terrorist stew some of whom hate each other and Existified so many sketchy programs under the war on terror rubric that the word terror is losing all meaning It's just becoming a marketing slogan a logos even the Republican calmness Peggy Newton says the W can be a historical drama queen If our pursuit of terrorists to harm this a lot of hurt us again gets to diffuse It's pointless how to productive and endless the presence we fuse the one to stand with his stake in the torture debate is itself a kind of torture for Americans Who don't want our moral power and our pursuit of al-Qaeda diluted? Maybe that's why he's doing the lot of diluted the lot is that makes sense. Yeah You're doing something He's got a nose for a word sad. I'll tell you that we have it's we got 13 on revotes 13 76 almost 14 100 votes We're gonna do 1500 if it's the last thing we do do today. How do you like that? 15 what you said do do by the way Don't forget five or six draws change that pull or not, you know, we don't we didn't need the head start program Little more challenging you know when you start from scratch when you scratch the urge learned that they get smart way when he hit my polar on Monday That's right and when you start with 900 votes at any too hard to get to a thousand 13 78. That's pretty great Well, this is you about yours the whole way you'll five 60 But it's a one to do hour this station presents August 16 1777 Elvis, Leslie the King of Rock and Roll is found dead at his grace at home and this Tennessee He changed me the forever but we ask what if you're alive today? Still a way that is here. It was pretty you know I used to buy people to tell us Well now I get all my friends one of these a hover around mobility chair Yeah, baby, I just love running around my normal mind keep going in the breeze so order yours now I tell them the team Thank you Join us again for another 13 need you now we need 111 votes for 1500 Miami to premature valuation you think I said the bar to high huh? It's possible but no just as George he was about being too high under zero charges he said the bush is a crook It's the devil 13 89 what current celebrity's death would bother you the most meal ride your 726. I am so touched by that Can you feel it can you smell it? I smell something bill Clinton 262 my him and all these 71 oh boy Dan marino 58 George W. Bush 56 as in Q 56 Tom ready 25 Bobby De Nero 23 al Pacino 20 no I like al Pacino better. I mean you know you can like whoever you like I'm just telling you no chill like al Pacino better and Robert De Nero Okay, well, Nero's always the same he's always the same yeah, he's always you know always the movie that Mitchum did Robert Mitchum tape there tape fear he always says that look of that character on his face You know the kind of gangster And I'm not saying he's not good. I just like al Pacino better. What do I know though? Don Shul on 19 the brain stem Allen all the 18 Carol Burnett 15. Oh, that would really bother me. Hillary Clinton 14 She's she's gonna run for prison. If I the rumor was last night that I haven't seen it yet. I keep looking for it. Roll cog, you know the DC paper with uh was gonna come on today And we've been one out season running but I haven't seen it. J. L. 14 pro-fettific 16 14 14 Barbison a going voted for him. Catherine Harris 10. She's down near the bottom Katie Holmes 10 They're down there together having a good time William else in nine daddy call pepper nine Jan. Reno 7 Keith over in three just been on there about four seconds. He's got three votes Tommy crews three Dustin hoppin only two and Michael Moore's got Solomon Thielno out of 1398. That's so great. We need 102 votes in 56 minutes. We need like two votes a minute Okay, I got to be able to do that. Sure. Let's go. Yeah, let's get with it I'm not gonna vote again. No do it. We cared Frank rich I could say he was on uh where was he on? Was he on Keith Holberman last night? He was on summer last night. Maybe we was a Christmas and he was talking politics And anyway, he was on I think it was on Keith Holberman He says though then this was a column from Sunday which I would have read on Monday but You were on on Monday and you didn't read it for what's wrong with you? I don't know. You were taking those good phone call. That's right. See that's a good thing you can look forward to my vacations and when uh the next summer when George is on because then you can get all those great phone calls on here Or whilst the flight last yeah because I'm not taking them now next August I'm Roger Shawna Yom Kipper Sinchastura Oh, and you know what else I haven't played? I could buzz it starts next week. I don't want to start stirring people up Oh, yeah Yeah, I'm playing that yeah, it's coming up that changes around the month that Ramadan is It's based on their calendar just like the Jewish holidays are on the Jew calendar. We expected Jewish holidays on some glacier calendar Sorry, what you know about it nothing isn't the set of isn't this weekend is a Russia shunner ride It's Jew it's Jew year a really rice Frank rich. We can do it really has a television never presented a more perfectly match double feature President imposes nine levied address on Monday night interrupted ABC's path and on love and so seamlessly The single network disclaimer served them both for dramatic and narrative purposes the movie contains fictional Thicielized scenes composite representative characters in dialogue as well as time compression No kidding the path to nine level was false from the opening scene with a put in my Hammond Ata both in the wrong airport Boston instead of Portland main and on the wrong airline American instead of US airways It's certainly still bush but few but a few paragraphs so we're up to his first fictionalization for the dramatic purposes Because we knew it plays that we would not distinguish between the terrorists and those who harbor or support them Only days earlier the White House had idly by while our ally Pakistan Serrated with Islamic militants in its northwest frontier signing a truce in releasing out kind of prisoners Not only will Pakistan continue to harbor terrorists or some have been allowed in probably among them But it will do so without a tape from mr. Bush you think that after having been cooked and talking the scenario that took the nation of war in Iraq The White House would mind the facts now But this administration understands our culture all too well This is a country where a cable news may work MS and BC offers indifaturnism about one of its anchors Tucker Carlson losing a prime time dance contest And we're conspiracy enough to create a decoded industry of Boston DVDs by arguing that hijack jits did not cause 9-11 and not the 9-11 commission was a cover-up The Christian lies path and I love and supposedly based on the commission's report only advanced in that's case If you're a White House stuck in a quagmarin election year, what's the percentage of disturbing the television now? It's better to gain the system the untruths are flying so fast that untangling them can be a full-time job Maybe that's why I'm beginning to find Dick Cheney almost refreshing as we saw meet the press last Sunday these days He hopefully signals when he's about to lie one dead giveaway is the word context as in the context in which I made that statement last year The vice president invoked context to try to explain away both his bogus predictions that Americans would be greeted as liberators in Iraq and at the Insurgency some 15 months ago was in slas froze the other instance if off to a teeny lies any variation on the phrase I haven't read the story He told Tim Russell to get him read the Washington Post front page report that the bedladen trail of guns stolen cold or the sudden tells his committee report contradicting the White House's P. War hype about non-system links links between Akkada and Sodom no, he read a time-shorn page article about his declining cloud or the finding by him I'll have it all bear it out of the international atomic energy agency just before the war that there was no evidence of resumed nuclear activities in Iraq I haven't looked at it. I'd have to go back and look at it again. He said however non-sensically These verbal tics are so consistent that the amount of truth and packaging I'll be at the packaging of invasions and falsehoods A contrast condy-risest fictions also offered in bulk to television viewers to memorialize 9-11 Ari's not he is a David Lund's screenplay asked by Chris Wallace of Fox News last Sunday If she and the president had ignored pre-war intelligence at a company to your case, she refused to give up the ghost We knew that that's how I was running a prison of poisons network in Iraq she insisted and she continued to stay Again that the word ties between Iraq and Akkada before the war Ms. Rice may be a terrific amateur concert penis, but she's even better amateur actress the Senate intelligence committee Report released only two days before she spoke dismissed all such ties Sodom who was your day general order that a rash should not deal with Al Qaeda So both been logged in and abomin sobels are Coway's threats and try to hunt down Zerkawi when it passed through Baghdad in 2002 as for that Zerkawi poisons network depending on new where it was mudded with tech in June 2002, but as Jim Micheal Sepsky of NBC News reported more than two years ago The White House said no, fearing a successful strike against Zerkawi might undercut its case for going to work in Sodom Zerkawi meanwhile escaped It was interview would head couple for the Discovery Channel though that Ms. Rice rose to a whole new level of Fictionizing by wrapping your first layer of untruth around her most notorious previous fiction and I asked about her dire pre-war warning that a smoking gun might come in the form of a mushroom cloud She said that it wasn't meant as hyperbole She also rewrote history to imply that she'd been talking broadly about the nexus between terrorism and a nuclear device Back then not specifically Sodom a rather death-verbal slider hand Ms. Rice sets a hide bar, but Mr. Bush competitive as always was not to be outdone in his oval office address Even the building of his appearance was fiction It's not gonna be a political speech Tony Snowman ounce knowing full well that the 17 minute text was largely Queezin arted scraps from other recent political speeches including those who can't paint fundraisers Moldly canards of yours Sodom was a clear threat where interspersed with promising newcomers Iraq will be a strong ally in the war on terror and as is often the case the president was technically truthful Iraq will be a strong ally in the war on terror just not necessarily our ally as much to Bush spoke the Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Al-Malikki was leaving for Iran to jolly up to Moshmood Osman in the jet Press the only way to strike back against this fresh day huge affiction is to call the White House's bluff I'm on your that for example Mr. Bush gladly declared that the safety of America depends on the outcome of the battle in the streets of Baghdad He wants again in both FDR and Harry Truman Asked you to we have confidence to do in the Middle East what our fathers and grandfathers accomplished in Europe and Asia Rather than tune this bluster out as the country now does let's try a thought experiment Let's pretend everything was to Bush had is actually true and then hold him to his word if the safety of America Reed depends on the outcome of the battle in the streets of Baghdad And our safety is in grave peril because we're losing that battle big time the security cracked on us with great fanfare by Mr. Bush and Mr. Malikki and June is failing Rosie American claims have dramatically falling murder rates are being challenged by the Baghdad morgue Perhaps most telling leader Pentagon is now stopping including its own tally the large numbers of victims killed by car bombings and mortar attacks Insectarian warfare and that's the good news another large slice of a rack and bar province almost a third of the country Was something away so fast in a military official full NBC news last week that 50 to 60 thousand additional ground forces We need to secure it despite our huge sacrifice in two savage battles for feluga The Iraqi troops standing up in an bar were deserving of at a rate of his highest 40 percent Even the most sang without them as can't yet were conclude were winning John Lehman former rig and maybe secretary wrote to the Iraq war last month So what do we do next? Given that the current forces of fiasco and at the White House demonizes any plan or time table for eventual withdrawal as cut and run There's only one immediate alternative add more manpower and fast Last week two conservative war supporters William Chris the language law recall for exactly that substantially more troops These punits at least had the courage of Mr. Bush's convictions should Republicans in Congress as well After all, what if the president says is true about the stakes and Baghdad? It's 10 about to trees and if you'll first verse and torment John Vaynerfielder rally their parties Congressional majority just they've off the feet there. We can't emulate our fathers and grandfather's and whip today's Nazis and communist with 145,000 troops Roosevelt and Truman would have regarded those troops troop levels at defeatism The trouble of course is that we don't have anymore troops and supporters of the war starting with Mr. Bush Don't want to ask American voters to make any sacrifice to provide them They don't want to ask because they know the voters will tell them no in the end That's the hard truth what has his determined to obscure at least until election day our carpet bombing America was still more fictions about a rat He's a little bomber some of the floor different the burning bush how we do not our road to 15 1409 now let's say let's do them as a mole would say do the math and then what do you would say? What do you let's see the doctor who formed from the surgery on Jay feed was her pia Yeah You got a woman he gave us some classics like That's who I think that good but quite a few nice gone moe. Well, we we hardly knew you know and what I got for yeah 1411 we need 89 in the 47 minutes that's not even two a minute we can do it 4305 16 Your Roger's got you on fox it's the property duet See your favorite singers are staying together with our hottest celebs from Hollywood this week It's lettuce night And though very creepy John car I'm not much of a singer, but it's not subtle with the great time Maybe it's at all over how much I love it And boy also hear the sweet sounds of Michael Bolton and the lovely Paris Hills in you want me to sing like live I Don't know just my whole genre You know it's the all the celebrity duet To the next week the your barber's rice and sing with Bell Gibson singer with a genji bed Radwood's been the life He's not sing on edgy broad go go 1424 people is sent a four we need 77 and they've got 41 minutes that's not even two a minute this audience can do it And you think you see about those babies and died in the necklace because of those drug mistakes in the hospital No, I think that if I were to you know the parrot anybody was out there a parent of a child who's died because they made a mistake I just bought the hospital okay, or you live. Oh look at this trailer trash. Oh, that's any was grandma Oh look at that. I shouldn't have said that. Thank everybody. Look at say oh trailer trash God wow wow Hey, let's name a trailer trash ever right to exist but just far away from me, please right at the trailer part curl Daniel Smith retired Let's see if I doesn't have a look at little oh, you are say retired senior fellow on military affairs And anyway, he said just spelling which had a decay of moral government. Are you not gonna read that or yes? Yes, I am so what do you think at the morning show now you're warming up to it a little bit or what be talking to Josh to both of you to anybody And I'm just talking to them looking out the window here a little bit of sunshine that Kenny sure is a nice guy What if you don't like to show so you don't have heard it. I haven't heard it. Why would I like? Here's a promo is really how ask you that is because the promo sound like less and less than that sports thing like I really Costig victim Boca Brian that you can I get on him all right, please so, but You know you're getting up and having no, that's good if I That's not close to the show. Yeah, I hear that that's you know 90% of it is still sports So oh, so in other words 99% is sports and they have a clip and they do for the promo to pass everybody else Or he's done from what I hear. Yeah, I mean my drive to work. Yeah, so what is it that they're doing just sports talk pretty much Yeah, I'm other sports show. I mean I got a good 40 45 minute ride into work and that's all I hear are you being negative again? Well, I'm never negative No, especially if I mentioned the damn what's his name they've been boring Anyway, can I get back to this article by Colonel Dan Smith give Josh off the hook anyway? We won't have to keep her in the morning show because I'll be talking about his sports for Kenny man He must feel like he's been hijacked speak out of that What a segue 12 months after 19 men's dear three hijacked you guys get liners in the world trats in and the Pentagon and Question fourth in Pennsylvania the Bush administration was setting the brutality of Sodom when saying toward his own people and his neighbors as the moral justification Indeed a moral imperative for forcefully removing him from power Unfortunately for the people of Iraq regime changing their country has transformed Iraq into the fly paper for terrorists and hard Them at least And to this the inner secretary in brutality that dominates the daily lives and more than a quarter for racks population and that strikes randomly throughout the country It's impossible to see how this moral imperative has made Iraq to reach into the world safer and better as the person The promised if anything the brutality that's been unleashed in Iraq and Afghanistan is fostering an atmosphere of increased tolerance of brutality around the world Even in places where full blown combat's not been the daily paradigm and a so often happens the consequences Fall most heavily on those who did not participate in the violence but end up the victims of collective punishment nowhere has this been true then in the occupied Palestinian territory since the January 25 2006 parliament of relations Tired of years of corrupt and ineffective governance by the fatacist coalition Palestinians voted for Hamas candidates returning them in a majority and conferring the rights of former government Which took office at the end of March the problem is that both the US and Israel regard Hamas as a terror organization refuse to deal with it. This refusal quickly assumed a program programmatic coherence is real Which controls all border crossing points into Gaza whether for people or supplies to collect taxes for the Palestinian National authority the PNA and Forward's them to Romala every month refused to send a money the new government on the pretext It would not be spent for the benefit of Palestinians if a former weapons and training Hamas forces Similarly, he was cut off all financial support to the PNA together these financial hammers quickly Reet havoc on the PNA which is the largest employer 40% of Palestinians in the Gaza script and in turn on the innocent trying to survive day to day Worst was to come the catalyst was in attack on a Israeli outpost along the Egyptian guys a border the letter under Israeli control by Palestinian fighters And the attack to Israeli soldiers were killed one was captured Actress 3 days Israeli troops re-entered Gaza sweeping all the way through the towns and camp flicking for the captured soldier The Hamas led government which still refused to affirm explicitly Israel's right to resist was powerless to stop the Israeli defense forces More than 230 Palestinians were killed the PNA is also powerless against perspective into the international media line light Especially in the USA and real sense this isn't even more critical failing as the PNA finds itself two or more steps behind Israeli interests groups and partisans The collapse of the Gaza economy the outgrowth and of the cutoff tax reminiscence and foreign assistance has led the disruptive efforts by Ex-Pakad Palestinians who have been successful for officials and other lands returned to Palestine to contribute to the re-ephart to We establish a viable and healthy economy encompassing both gas and West Bank But restrictions on the movement of goods always a hindrance in the best of times have been tightened even more Ed end of withholding a vital revenue streams which means families have no money to buy the few commodities as they do get in and Ensured our economic activity is a dream now Israel is open a new front that will deepen even further the destitute in Gaza for years Israel's exercise and type of informal guest worker visa system that allowed Palestinian entrepreneurs to stay in Gaza Are renewable three months work visa the same rule of flag the foreigners in humanitarian aid and under metal groups tried to assist the ordinary people Under the latest administrative ruling foreign passport for holders even those have Palestinian ancestry can only get in a single three months Horthies in a 12 month period any additional visas in a 12 month period will be valid for one week only a few additional one month renewals Maybe possible for some businessmen, but it's not guaranteed even when their homes and families are in Gaza Truly this must be one of the most short-sighted decisions in the whole modern history of Israel when it runs countered efforts to go beyond treating symptoms to tackle root causes of terror a primary number of the theory objective of the Bush administrations war and terrorists will eliminate what the White House regards as the seed better terror the Madras schools financed by the wealthy Muslims and attended by young boys Who parents cannot afford any other education for their sons or by older youngsters who can't find work all these schools teaches They Korean word for word mastery the entire script you're in the more important as determined by the Madras's headmaster Interpretates of the meaning of various verses while such a much of and may have some benefits for family and society If this is the extent of the education received by the majority of young men in Islamic dominated countries They will not be equipped to compete in the workforce and contribute to improving their country or region In areas such as Gaza where the public education infrastructure has been so badly damaged by their own struggle One option that can help overcome limitations of the Madrases by some of the many Islamic religious education is the foreign finance schools that teach the basic skills That service a foundation for any number of important occasions But in Gaza these schools including one in remodel administered by the Society of Friends are being threatened by the new three months to one week policy visa When their English speaking staff and teachers has to leave Gaza when their initial three months to raise visa expires They could simply be denied a reentry visa or be given a one week visa by this way in a military which controls who enters new leaves Gaza On the board broader scope of the Middle East Israel's visa policy will simply reinforce the perception that Tel Aviv has no intention of allowing a viable Palestinian state to form This way commas agreed to form a new national unity government with Fatah and with West Palestinian President Masjbud Abbas with full authority to negotiate with Israel I'm representing the interests of Palestinians in AP talks The working platform of the unity government does affirm the two-state solution and possibly recognizing the existence of the state of Israel Even though Hamas is an organization still retains its opposition to Israel Whether this will be enough to be the restrictions on visas there are brutally strongly both the educational and economic prospects of Palestinians remains to be seen The current government Tel Aviv is certainly made a grievous missteps in a relationship with a PA and with Lebanon to the north since coming into power to start of this year And like George Bush's only strategy is more of the same state of course The Palestinian unity government itself faces the challenge of raining in the various armed factions operating in the occupied territories and turning away from the brutality of constant warfare to the extent that the PMI can get control of the violence It'll be able to demonstrate that the harshest-rated tactics including the short visas are unnecessary punitive and destructive not only of the chances for an economically vibrant PNA But the bonds of family and communal life that are the basis of moral government I You know what's called a thing Oh, it's right 1440 man 1440 that was pretty good year I guess was it I don't know Columbus was still thinking about it 1440 means we need 60 and 33 minutes. That's about still about that same ratio. I know why make it real hairy today You know good news. I got my clothes on. I'm gonna go put my shoes on Just to make life her real and never ending test. It's a test Okay, 2426 still too. I'll tell you one thing man. I feel great today. Yeah, no We all have you if you've been ill and for a little bit. Oh, yeah Yeah, you're doing an all-missin and goes away. I feel so I'm ready to go over there We like quarter million bucks do it. Maybe I'll tell you make a what what do we call mega bucks? All right We're to jackpots. I talked about one point eight million now I mean you got the Chinaman chance in health. I've claimed a lot. Oh, yeah Maybe I want to make a bucks today and send you guys each about 20 bucks. Okay. I'll take it Leaders and I see a gyston seed take it because I'll jump to know you water for that Yeah In Tom, I don't know less. I think that's in your brand and you're that dropping all in here They got in fact get you two value routes to guess it because we had a store wasn't in Bartoll something from Bartoll some jackass some redneck some Trailer track nonetheless Lea and then this is this is under the category of the more things change and more they say the same which is South Florida of course Never got a change Leaders of a Cuban ex-al-group I'm this is from yesterday yesterday denounced the Miami Hurland investigation that found at least 10 South Florida journalists regularly Received US government pay for hosting shows or appearing on TV and Abadi on Marti These September 8th report led the dismissal of two Ellen Waveau Harold reporters in one freelance writer By the way, I have my shoes on who hosted shows for the government broadcasts We're also working for the Spanish language daily. It also caused more than 1200 subscribers to the Miami-Herald and Ellen and Waveau Harold a cancel their subscriptions How do you like that boy poor babies? And today since the articles come under far on local Spanish radio No, today the Cuban Liberty Council gathered at the Versailles restaurant little Havana calling the article erroneous and the seaving and discriminatory against the Cuban community We reject the have see that have an advantage for years That the Herald goes out of the way to try to pander and probably yeah, and the Cuban community hates them like poison not even more than they ever did before We reject the efforts of the Miami Herald Assilance our voice in Cuba Remedios the as Oliver said in esponule these journalists were professional ethical laborative voices to TV and radio and an objective manner He zooshed the as doing in the publisher of both papers. They're old and they'll hear old said and led her to readers published in Sunday's Miami Herald That the newspapers editorial pages have long supported a radio and TV Marty But then he approved the dismissals of three writers because as the publisher of these newspapers I'm deeply committed to the separation between government and a free press The publisher added that the three violated the company's conflict of interest rules policies that all newsroom employees acknowledge A radio and TV Marty are US government programs created to promote democracy and freedom in Cuba Yeah, right their programming cannot be broadcast within the US because of anti propaganda rules Anti propaganda rules. I guess Fox News must be exempted a record radio and TV Marty's own rules require full-time employees to get permission from the government before freelancing for private entities But Diaz Oliver said the article did irreparable damage to the journalist decided and to the movement for a free and independent Cuba Now we want to know what does the Herald plan to do to prove that these journalists did not accept wrongful payments from the US government She said Horatio Garcia who directs the council's executive committee echo the sentiment They may have power and money, but we have patriotism and dignity. He said we will not allow themselves to demoralize the Cuban exile community most exiliose I'm exiliated just think about it Not because I'm all crazy about the mid-Rentieth Exiliose because anybody that hates the Herald is okay in our book, right? Yeah Screw the Herald cover Yeah, that's right. That's me. I'd call him coming in. Oh, I see. Well me too Oh, here's Jim Altman National Security English. What's he saying? The agency does have a set about standing issues with Iran and once you're on to be more forthcoming the president says they are forthcoming and their in favor of transparency. So there's a disconnect there. Yeah, disconnect this 1463 we got twenty two minutes for 37 votes of you people lean on it and you can't get and twist it and pull it something good might have it But I doubt it The Department of the South not that we live in a Nazi country understand like marine doubts It'd be very careful about using that inward The Department of Commerce attended the block of government scientists from discussing the impact of global warming on hurricanes according to a series of emails obtained by raw story We got that down our website. I'm sure today in fact. We actually think the emails are part of the story are they on their Josh? Okay, yeah What are you saying if I say to the story It's up there man and the documents have been questioned from CNBC on the money for an appearance by National oceanic and atmospheric association Scientists top news in was for some reason forward to the press of their office for the US Department of Commerce and answered by Chuck Fuqua Who was previously the don't touch it who was previously the 2004 Republican National Convention director Me now I'm Mr Fuqua responded by asking no, I want Mr Newton stands on global warming impact on hurricanes was specifically asking it was consistent Well that of two scientists to a plan that there is no impact on hurricanes from global warming But where did you say after Fuqua after being informed that Newton believe that global warming would lead to a very small increase in hurricane intensity That wouldn't be felt for nearly a century Fuqua requested one of the other guys be sent at that point Communication between Fuqua and Noah was suspended Loosen to the wall Street Journal earlier this year. They believed he'd been sensitive times by the pressure administration for his views on global warming and Hurray came in other words you can't tell the truth because it's not good for our buddies in big business man They could be happy about that you jackass So all our stories about you know the melting Arctic and all other stuff about the Northwest passage and the Northeast passive You know, I'll forget about it. It's depressing true, but it's depressing 20 till So two I just had a piece of cheese man wash it down Or watch it out watch what I'm the cheese back them all 1467 we need 33 votes in 20 minutes can he do it The basis we all rocked for 20560 That was my bed what did you rack up to do with what Okay, is that better much thanks? I'm a little off my feet because I'm trying to figure out what's the story in Atlanta's break? I love your feet I'm a little off my feet. I'm significant my feet after hearing that last that's all about feet What you're telling me is that those drop-ins those promos that we're hearing that they look at T's To pretend like our morning show is is a morning show as opposed to a sports show Let's know what I'm telling you that's what Josh was telling us People do is from the air and the ground President much given us all the facts and it's good to know I don't have any impression I'm a civilist and text of dreams He<|fa|> girls I don't have answers. On guest-wide investigation may be turning into a cold case. And track. Three years ago FBIs ensued to do woods to a fishing pond in suburban Maryland, where they hoped to find a hidden land equipment used in the 2001 Anthrax to attack. They pumped the pond right even shifted through the mud of the bottom and guess what they found. Nothing? Right. Good guess. Fourteen-e2, by the way. Ten years before Christopher Columbus saladed Manhattan. And ate deli for the first time. We need 18 votes in the 12 minutes. And that of course is because we got Russia's trauma coming up in honor of Columbus. Five years, 53,000 leads and 6,000 subpoenas after those attacks and they still have no arrest in the Amstrax case. Things are so cool, law enforcement officials tell CBS news that barring the discovery of new evidence the anthrax investigation will be declared a cold case and put in the inactive files. Former attorney general John Ascroff, you recall, once a lot of poor doctors even have to remember him, a bio weapons fair host is a person of interest. No charges with the guy lost his job and they were in his life. Nice job. Nice work. John Ascroff. Skull cover up some more statues and get lost. Fourteen-e2 to a deer, refresh it again. Fourteen. Fourteen. Man, refresh it. Fourteen-e3. That's not gonna cut it. Alison, don't be letting this down on. I don't want to start playing bushboss where we need 17 votes in 12 minutes. That's a bit easy, shouldn't it? Should be having voted yet on the poll today who you would want to see croquette. Venezuela and President Hurochavez blasted President Bush as LD Ablow on the floor of the Wayne's General Assembly. Today, in suggested he was president should seek psychiatric help. You know, I hate to say it, but I think he's obviously both cases. The devil came here yesterday, Thomas, said he came here talking as if he were the owner of the world. We need to psychologist to analyze Bush, he said. He appealed to the people of the US and the world of health history, which is like a sword hanging over our heads. At the start of his aggressive, held up a book written by Harvard professor, no one Trump's called head, head, head, you want to head to heaven, he is so fearful. Jesus, God, head, gemony and survival. Well, you know that, no one, he likes the world. This book says about the imperialist strategy of the US, which is the greatest threat looming over our planet, Chavez said. I think he's got a couple of points and I know I'm a child's key man. 1483 refers to it again. Let's get some of the head your money. Is that what you get when you invest in the hedge fund? Of course, head your money. 1490, only 10 votes and 10 minutes, it's only one minute. Even across the street, they could do that in a couple of hours, good 10 votes. 1492, I know it. Did you know we get to 1490, did you? Call of the cell, the ocean blew. When call of the cell across the lake Ontario to Toronto and said, go leave school and they did. Rodon is, uh, doorstep. A new report on the political corruption, Washington offers an exhausted documentation this just in from raw story of the unethical and possibly illegal activities of 25 of the most tainted members of Congress and guess who one of them is? I'll give you all of them, but guess who one of the least of ones they got in this story. For pain is mainly in the rain. Another hurt. And make crash in Spain. Five of the names on list early under federal investigations, Senator Conrad, Burns of Montana, Bill Fist of Tennessee, a real crook representative, Jerry Lewis of California, or laugh a matter. William Jefferson, the Louisiana and Alan Monahan of West Virginia, three Republicans are in two Democrats. Others have come under scrutiny for the ethical efforts of all the campaign contributions, complex of interesting pro-relationships with lobbyists, and figures to meet disclosure requirements. Refrersh, that thing one more time before we succeed. I just saw Anderson Pupor on a 1499, the next person, vote will be the 1500th of which will give you a big QA in prize. Not. Beyond delay, the twenty most corrupt members of Congress is the second annual report for the non-profit legal wash drug group citizens for responsible in ethics and Washington crew. And associated website, Beyond delay, offers both summary and detailed versions of cruise analisation of all the transgressions of all 25. It will be on our website. A majority of those listed are Republican, several of whom have been late to Jack Abramoff and Duke Cunningham's canals, as well as those cited being under investigation. The twenty includes a chypropile names and Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, the good viewer. And representatives who are blood of Missouri John Doodle of California, Tom Fini of Florida, Katherine Harris of Florida, how is that playing Katie? Huh? I'll tell you one thing if she's honest, she's all alone because everybody abandoned that pitch. Richard Pomble, California, Pete Sessions, a Texas John Swingy, New York, and Kurt Walter, Pennsylvania. Representatives Chris Cannon of Utah and JD Hayworth of Arizona among the dishonorable mentions. The most prominent name on the dishonorable mention list is Speaker of the House Denny Hanced, said it for a questionable real estate deals in which he year marks highway construction money to increase the value of land he owned. All right. Now let me just ask you this. Okay. That's spot that. Eddie K. didn't come in to do. Okay. Is that going to run me? I mean, in other words, what I'm trying to find out is how long this break is going to be. No, I guess I'm going to have to describe that. What do you mean by that? It's probably a mistake. No, it's not a mistake. It's 440. It's in there. You can't run? How do you know? It's 440. Because because you ran early, you're already totally that this morning, but you were busy sticking your finger up your nose. It's 440. Am I right? If I got a good memory, if I were. If you're on his business, what is this man? We don't want to lose this. We love the top talk. We know why they love shop talk, man. They love shop and they love talk. And they're going to love it when we're missing. Refresh by itself. And we got a bet you we did it. 15 12. Are you a history book? George, what happened in 1512? I heard a Columbus get into some bad grits and Mexico ahead. Wild diarrhea. He's not the place. So best talent to the business. We owe Rodgers. We're a video 560. You, K.M. You did a lot of things. We owe Rodgers on the sportshold. We owe W.U.A. Yeah. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. I did. Okay, do you know about the most? Yeah. And what they've done? They said fire to some churches. They shot the children. They got that. They said they're not really violent. They said they're not really mean. All the problems I've made. They said they said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They said they're not really mean. They've put them in the gap before they realized they had an opportunity to acknowledge