The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests. Don't play a part of this warrior joke, Kenny. And what are you writing now? Staff, have a nice day. You're not allowed to. The loveless cool is taking place in WPOM. We've been taking over by three sports groups. By crazy people. Come on, come on, come on. Just like that. Yeah. Okay. I'm so glad you're here. Hello. This season on Survivor. The igloo is trying. And the Arab tribe. See what happens when kitty and Rashid get into a fight during the water challenge. Stop the drums. Stop the drums. Come on. See what happens when Simon and Phereed get into a fight during the mountain challenge. Stop the drums. Stop the drums. Come on. And in the season finale, when they try to go off, Tomar and Hamad. The tribe is spoken. You're both gone. Stop the drums. Come on. Come on. The Arab tribe and the Jewish tribe. I'm Survivor this season. There will be any surprise alliances because they both can't farms. I'm dying on the hand. I don't want it. 560 WQM. Two days at number five man summers over, even though it's not on the counter. It's done. It is finished. It's official. And I think we're done too, man. I think QAM is done. We've been taken over by three crazy people. Clarence and his boyfriend is Beast and Robert Creeper. Three U.M. lunatics, even though I'll see. Clarence and Go to U.M. Right? But he's still one of them. He's part of their thing. Not sure which part. More bad news. We're racked by the way. Let's get that out of the way. Right off the bat. Okay. Okay. Two U.S. Marines and three U.S. soldiers were killed in separate attacks while other American soldier died of non-combed injuries in Iraq. U.S. military city yesterday. At least 2653 members of the U.S. military have vids since the Iraq attack started March 2003. That's the AP count for those who are keeping track. That's the AP count. 2653. But who's counting? Just numbers man. We're just counting bodies. We're counting bodies. Remember that song? That, that, that, that, that. A blind man was a dangerous driver in England. A blind man who lost his eyes in a bomb blast has been convicted of dangerous driving after police spotted his car on the wrong side of the road. And of course, we would consider it to be the right side of the road. Right? Old man, A.D. is 31 was being, or sounds like a terrorist thing, was being edited. He drove through oldbury west Midlands of biologically banned driver in the passenger seat. Warley magistrates were totally reached speeds of up to 35 miles an hour on the half-month driver in the passenger seat. Warley magistrates were totally reached speeds of up to 35 miles an hour on the half-mile trip in April. Aziz of oldbury who denied dangerous driving would be sentenced next Monday. And a previous hearing Iraq bore a ra-hai Iraqi born Aziz to the guilty driving would know MOT, you know, if that is ministry of transport tests. Which means they've done a safety check on your car. But they don't do safety checks in your car anymore in Florida. So today they do it with no license and no insurance. Aziz is also, he qualifies definitely for a six year Florida driver's license to be renewed indefinitely by mail on the internet. Aziz is also partially deaf and suffer from light tremors. And he's blind, but he's a very good driver. Right? That's like Donald Rainer, then Miriam told him he's a very good driver. Richard Knight Chairman of the bench at Warley magistrates court said Aziz was aware of the risky post to others. Mr. Aziz was fully aware of his disabilities and we find that drivers in a dangerous defective state he said. A dangerous defective state kind of like our management. Aziz and his friend were arrested in April 23, about 2300 VST. I don't know what VST is. That British standard time? Is that like the STC or whatever? After police found their car along oldbury railway in the rest of Rommwich street. He said I attempted to speak to the driver, or attempted to be from the public public background, but the controls. And that point the passually in the cross and stated he's blind. I love it. It reminds me of a scene from was that horrible movie with Al Pacino. That one. Oh, sent him a woman, where he was blind, but he was driving. Yeah, two districts in New York. I'd always speaking of King of the New York streets. That Dion album, man. You old Frankie? Yo, that's got to be the best album ever. All right, I just mentioned that in passing. Nobody's going to go out and get it. It's a little pass. That was back in our IOD days. Remember John Hamburg, who was such a great newscaster, a channel 6. He called me on the ear that day and said, I got to have that album. We sent him a copy. He didn't want to free me or at least he pretended. But we sent him one anyway. Remember that? No. Yeah, you did get out of here before my time, baby. There was not. It was absolutely not. Okay. At that point the pastor immediately crossed and said he's blind. Another officer, Stuart Edge, who was president of the time told me, I just recently, the vehicle had crossed a white hazard line on the wrong side of the road. Just before being stopped. Edge said, I estimate he could see me. He removed the dark colored sunglasses. He was wearing her. Could see clearly he was blind as he had no eyes. That's not to be pretty good. Well, that's pretty good. That's pretty good. There's candy, Cowley on CNN. As he's who said he had previous driving experience, part of being blind in his homeland was president court being held or helped around by an interpreter. Oh, all right. Let's say him immediately to sunrise. What do you say? Perfect for example. He's a very good driver. Blind. He's got a few other informities, but other than that, he's a very good driver. Just stick his ass on the right side of the road. Okay, George, took the bait. Thank goodness. Well, why don't you not if I suggest you an easy pull. You'll go round the end of that. And I'm proud of that. And I'm proud of he asked how much will you be listening to him. WCU, I'm 24 hour tailgate party. And what a game it was. Wasn't it? No. I watched it. No. I watched it about four seconds of it. No, maybe about eight seconds because I turned it on twice real quick. They had one channel. One of the sports nerd channels. I don't know which one I was because I don't pay any attention to this crap. They had one channel with a game. They were about six different channels on my cable ahead of the game. Well, I'm watching. On the bottom, they have a talk show going on. A sports nerd talk show. And they show you the host. And he's taking calls. And the game is like the top three quarters of the screen. And the other crap is the bottom quarter of the screen. Go on. These are sick people. They don't just want to go over the game. They don't want to see the game or listen to the game or read about the game. They have to discuss it. They have to chew it. Eat it. Look at snippet. I mean. Yeah. Just incessantly. Like we did this past just throwing away an entire day from the ratings. Actually, every ESPN channel was showing the game all in a different angle. Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's like they were like 10 different. They had 10 different channels showing the game. Same game. And then the one of them went to bottom of the screen to do an attack show. I'm surprised they didn't have clearance on there in the beast doing something. Do something I've seen. Just unbelievable. And we put this on. It's like taking an entire day and blowing it down the toilet. Just saying, OK, you know, we know you guys across the street. There are really desperate. You know, you don't have any numbers and don't have much business. And you've lost millions of dollars. What we're going to do because we're such nice guys. We're going to take an entire day and just throw it down the toilet. And of course, anybody who would say, well, it was a labor day. It's a holiday. Well, you know, something evidently somebody must have been listening to this station because 1765 people voted on your fabulous pull on Friday. That was my idea. Yes. How do you like that? And wait till you hear the results of this pull. I think I covered all the bases. There are not so many. Yeah, you did it. Find job. This will make people do backwards cartwheels. Whatever they call those. How much will you be listening to? If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. If you can. See try to fall fast a blind swing. If you thought I would say one of them at least by didn't be. Damn it. Are you f& shmitting me, eight hundred and forty seven? As in you can. Well, I'm choking on now and make. Careful. Not at all three hundred and thirty four. So right there, you got sixty seven percent. Right there, you got two thirds of our audience. What 24 to our tailguard. To be at one hundred and twenty seven. There's another eighteen and a half percent. Not you got over eighty percent. And then, of course. But go ahead man. 100 said that just to find somewhere to go 5.5%. So you've already got over 90% of the audience. There wouldn't touch that with your hand. How do you like that? 24 hour tell me. Party three total yards of rushing in that game. I could do that right now. I could go from here like to the refrigerator. You can go from one to three yards. That's right. We're not getting tackled. Right. Even if a big I was standing in front of you. Oh, not much 58. I'll pop it on and off. 56 in the game two I guess. And as much as I can, 43. 2.4%. As much as I can, a bunch of breathless idiots, morons, lunatics, and these are the people who take it over WQAM. A triumvirate of idiots of sports nerds who are who take showers together. I wonder if since the beast got married if the three of them are still taking showers together. Four percent. I'll take it over for sure. And it is clearance and clearance and Robert are not getting married anytime. Maybe to each other. In fact, there's a better chance I'm going to get married the NEM. Can't you see that would you like to be the best who you're at the, oh, Clarence and Robert winning when every great. That would be special. Were they ready to go? We got the inquire for Volta and Tal ready for Tikka. And when I say Tikka, I don't think they need a plane. And it's a picture of John Meevolta who's in the closet with Tom Cruise and the Arkelli. And he's leaning over and given a big smoothe. This time was in Hamilton, Ontario, eh? Maybe they were up here to get married. John Travolta steals a smoothe from an unidentified male friend before the pairboarded John's personal 707 airplane together in Hamilton, Ontario. John, who is, well, you've seen this picture. He goes this smoothe. Right. Oh, it's a passionate, he's up on one toe. How do you know it wasn't, you know, freely given. Why was he got a steal? The round revolt is up on one toe. It says John who was in Toronto working on his role as Big Mama Edna Turnblad in the new film adaptation of Harrisbury, even gets up on one toe while puckering up for his pal. Was wife Kelly watching his John and his buddy like lips. It's possible. Kelly was already on board while the men kissed and the three some jet of off together. That exciting. Oh boy. I got the inquire and the examiner and the examiner names the real John Bene killer. How do you like that? Oh my God. Yeah, I get to that. So that's George's pool. I know that I can't, I just can't say enough all I will say this. Part B of this whole thing about that out of the nauseous tailgate party, which is one of the most idiotic ideas. And there is a history of broadcast. And he was a term loosely. Is that Kenny Walker's like a real broadcast. It sounds like a good guy. The only thing I'll say about that is I don't know if you've noticed this. Is it just me? But it sounds like he and Beau are in the same building even, much less in the same studio. They are. I know, but they don't sound like in other words the the audio quality Kenny sounds like he's muffled. Like he's off in a broom closet. So were, well, they gave him the old microphone. You know, new guy gets the old. Oh, I see. They're doing everything in their power to deep six year at Kenny. You're a good guy. You know, I understand what a morning shows all about. These people understand nothing about morning shows midday shows after the shows. The only thing we know about is that's it. So don't let them do it because they're there already loading him up with all these segments. We'll have Iron will have the Pat Riley segment anything that has to do with that's right. So that's right. So that's okay. So what I would do is, you know, you're going to have to get them before they get you. You're going to have to go out and when you suggest that, Tim, it would be a good idea. Yeah, that would be good idea. This is the week that Kenny Walker and probably helped by Toaston and maybe even by the Bo the bullmeister. We'll go on with a haul. We just randomly round the building and you'll still peep that's it. Anything else I could have noticed how it's stalling before I can find that. That's right. So we're going to talk about his baseball cards all day and then when they will have a segment about Bowman baseball cards and then another day about 1954 baseball cards. The ones with the players faces in the TV sets in the Mahagini Old Mahagini TV set. And the Joe Belkiman this morning he said, it was great. And he slept George and Josh on the ass and did a little too late and wave his Pompoms and ran out the door. 1013 at 5.60. Nobody QM now the Tropical Storm or Nesta was coming going. By the way, we got more rain from it here than you did there. But nevertheless, once a day, I'll for sure hurricane season is in full swing. It's this swing in it. So to say at least now is the time to protect your home. Now is the time while you're still thinking about it to call. Hurricane Shuttle outlet. You got off the hook with your Nesta with just some rain but who knows what the next big blow is going to bring. Call 9-5-4-237-7083. The hurricane Shuttle outlet is your complete source for hurricane protection with all the things you need to get to job done. And say be a big money to of course. They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specifications and ready for pickup or those of them right to you. And now they also manufacture a courty and shutters. If you're tired of putting the panels up and taking them down up and down up and down in the night, a courty and shutters can really help simplify your life. The hurricane Shuttle outlet called 9-5-4-237-7083. Tell them that Neil sent you get a hundred dollars off a minimum order, a 350 square feet. Contractors and dollars welcome to. I'll make your credit cards accepted so that hurricane season in full swing now before the next big blow comes. Do yourself a favor. Get the protection your house needs. Call 9-5-4-237-7083. Or online it's hurricane shuttle outlet.com. The biggest name of this talent is the basis for your Rogers Sports Radio 560. Before we begin to set no Donald Trump passed away. Oh, we can. We've standard deepest condolences on this greatest of all losses. These are good men. Former President Bill Clinton. I am into getting girls. Protection calls Elsa Bronte, California. Hello. Do you ever put a bag over Hillary's head during sex? I do. That makes it good. I like it. Boise, you either. Mr. Clinton. Are you okay with Hillary, maybe becoming president again? Oh yes. President. Hillary, all the way. What are the major points of her campaign? Trying to be cruel to hardworking people who are paying taxes and doing jobs. Other people wouldn't do in America. Similar to Alvia. Hello. I feel it's a C.T. What's the question? The C.R.T. is the one for the weekend of the Czech Republic? Yes. Can I think my boyfriend? We can take a few more people. But I don't want to take so many that people lose the sense of intimacy they had last time. I got to get a break and we'll be right back with more people. Wait. Look what pop-hand. Pop-hand. Pop-hand. Pop-hand. Look what we got. We got. I'll book our rainbow. They closed that down by the way. They're going to transfer all those to your backyard. Thought it was going to be a vacation hotel now. The hotels here, man, are the best. Anyone votes the biggest problem in the world is. I like this pool. My idea, by the way. You know what I voted for? I'll tell you when I get to it. Okay. 776 votes already. We'll get to that thousand easy. I wish I'm going to go right back to bed. Religion. 311. You even bastards you. You're all going to run. You're going to win. I just like that crocodile dummy guy. Man. I caught him. Think my PSME on. Steve Irwin. I know what ever his name was. I voted for Irwin. Yes. I remember him from the old days of TV. I met you chicken, I remember Stewart. And by the way, nice job chicken. I kind of was too pissed. I wouldn't wish those on. I had to. I had to. I had to. Good. God. Straighten his ass out. We will. Right. Right. Right. Right. I have to hold his check back pretty soon. Anyway. Yeah. He died because he held up that little kid. He dangle it. He dangle it practically in a crocodile's mouth. What a crock. Crock. And now God. God's smoke. And baby. Right. Religion. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. I will go to. Oh. So. So. So. So. And. So. So. And. And then. And. they eat it, they sniff it, they lick it, they chew on it, they, and that's all they know from. They take showers together naked because that's all they know about is the ball games. And there are, there are such a tiny amount, so what I'm, to point out, I'm trying to make these that even people who were interested in the last night's game, which was really prophetic. Of them, of those people who watched or listened or even went to it, a very tiny minority would be so into it that they'd want to hear people talk about it incessantly. You see what I'm saying? Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, on and on and on. How about like a can and quit, in by the way, GM, you suck Mike, brings in the most hated player in the whole league, the most despised, reviled Todd Bertuzzi and trades away to best goalie. Maybe one of the best two or three goalies for a kid who couldn't stop a bowling ball, and all any to be equal, which still needs to get out of here already, man, you're an old, dodgering man. It told me that too, but I won't leave. So anyway, the full 30 for sports talk video tied with terrorism, which also has. And Dr. Ding, there's a crossover there, similarity. Yes, there is. Because certainly sports talk radio is terrorizing the Kenny and Bow Morning Show and the rest of our station too. See, I should have said, no, I think George and Josh should work on Labor Day. Oh, you bastard. But it's too late now. Yeah. But I should have said that. No, what I should have said was, I'll do it. How's that? Oh, yeah, that would have been a greater. And then I would have really been pissed off. Oh, my God, he won't. He's the party pooper man. He's the wallflower. He won't, he just won't go along with anything. So you think I'm going to like, first of all, I wouldn't have to work here. I say anyway, because this is the last week for my summer schedule. I don't work on Monday. Winter is Labor Day, winter is May Day, winter is whatever. It's Monday. So it wasn't a day for me to work holiday or not. Oh, look at this. When I refreshed this thing, it's going to be 822 votes. I think we got a good shot of the 1000. At which point I'm laying down on the floor and taking that. Speaking of Hillary, yeah, I got some good news. See, I'm sure that over the weekend you have better things to do than to read all those 80 million stories on our website. And you're saying too happy about the being too many by them. Although it would be pleased to know that even though it's working, it's going to be a new format. I'm having no problem whatsoever in emailing you many, many stories. Right. You're excited? Oh, yeah. Really excited. Friends of Hillary Clinton have been whispering the unsthinkable, the absolutely unsthinkable. Despite her status as the runaway front runner for the 2008 Democratic nomination for President, some of her closest advisors say she might opt out of the White House race and seek to lead her party in the Senate. Thank God. Oh, please. Oh, there's not my dinner, John. Well, I like the way I said it. That's great. The former First Lady longs to return to the White House with husband Bill is consorts only last week. She told TV viewers, America would be led by a woman one day, state tunes, she said. First, however, she asked her in the election. Some Democratic Party elders, the American of Kirlino, the Torres Manigreists, this is in the British Sunday Times, say Clinton may back out of the race of her own volition. I wouldn't be surprised if she were to decide that the best contribution she can make to her country is to forget about being present, become a consensus maker in the Senate said leading Democratic Party and said her. She believes there is no trust between the two political sides and we can't function as a democracy without an old police. Or she's more concerned about the system than she is about her own political ass. A recent poll for Time magazine showed that 53% of the Democrats said they had favorable impression of Hillary and only 44% viewed her negatively. But, oh, that would be great. Then what do we got? Oh, God. Al Gore. Yes. How are you? Yes. Yes. Of course, some screamer. I want to say, oh, look at this. Oh, oh, my God. I'll be doing the break. This is the best. If you love the Tel Aviv party, if you think that Clarence and his current regime, we've got a destroyed the station so far, just wait. This is the best. Okay. But Brandon wasn't he on magic? Okay. Who is co-host is going to be? Did he get that far in the article? No, I did not. And the third paragraph, she would her name is. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. If the story's been vetted by our own. Rude, it's hurting. Man, oh, listen, I heard Kenny dropping a few, uh, couple of f-bores. Did he hear that toward the end there? And both are going out about everybody who's getting laid at the game. And similar to that. Yeah, how do you like that? They even had to make that name up. That's in the sunset. There's a bunch of party mods at the SunCincle. You know, it's not even a name. There's no final one on the left. There's no other page to it somewhere, though. Oh, it's just one line on the other page. No, well, it's okay. I'll let you read it. 28-pash-10-5-60-W-U-K-U-N-2-1. Yeah, something like that. Woo! I think we're going to be finished when I read that. Hey, it's in a newspaper. If it's in a newspaper, I can read it on the ear. It's a news story. You know me. You know the old man with a news stories. You know, it's not always easy for students setting off the college. They have to get used to a new environment and new sleep habits, but a new mattress can really help a lot. Dilemetric serves every major campus on the East Coast for mommy to Boston. Call 1-800 mattress, ask for students' specials in your area. If factory-direct prices lower than the chainstores, even during your so-called big sales, plus dialometris has 12-month financing. You know, there can be a lot of restless nightsting away from home for the first time. Make it a little bit easier and more comfortable with a great new mattress and dialometris. Call 1-800 mattress. You get the lowest prices in the universe on the best brands like Seely and Cirta, King Corlan, Simmons, Teverbeetick, and Stearns and Foster Hue. Dialometris ranked number one in customer satisfaction. Call him toll-free 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S because it stands for stupid Sarner. The director of snakes on the plane and the producer of beer-fast on another airline pilot stars in Spirits on the plane. With racercoots, the producer out to 2-1-7. You tropey's always from Stington, gaining cassement of emergency for the store that's in the land to be used as a location to life. Your class, pal. The years on the plane. I've been in his head 20 years today. That's how many I had when I tried to plug the television in the back door. 1033-27 before 11 at 560WC. Your sports insanity station man. Your sports intensive sports nerd station. I've been seeing a good movie over the weekend, which I told you about. You said, what is it? You said, that's really the name of a movie. And then I recorded, I haven't seen the last hour for it again. I don't think I ever saw that before with Vince Van Patten and what's your name? Linda Blair. No, not Linda Blair. The one about rock and roll high school, P.J. Souls, but with the romance with Vincent Van Patten, like I said, 1979, and Mary and Nora. That big apartment? Mary, Warden, not less than the other. Right. She's great. She's a good movie. It's corny and it's the romance of it. So the music isn't very good. But anyway, but the good movie I saw, program, what is it called? Or the prize winner of Define Sohile. Judy Ann Moore and who I say I wasn't the husband, the drunken husband, Woody Harrelson. Oh, that drunken person. Excellent. Absolutely. And then when you go on, I am the being you read the reviews of the movies that you watch. And some of the good movies that I don't want to hear the romance. Sorry, took the one. It makes me mone when you start playing the romance. Oh, that. Plus, now let's see, how many of them are there for them in the beginning? Are there two still alive? I think so. Yeah, I believe so. Rock and roll high school, baby. It's got its moment, it's cute. It's very corny. And it's like that other movie, but I'm a cheerleader. I'm not quite so gay. Uh, prize winner of Define Sohile. It's a true story written by the eldest daughter of a woman in Define Sohile, who had a drunken, no good, no count husband. And she supported her 10 children. She just supported family by winning money in contests. Because back in those days, back in the 50s, they used to have all these, you know, contests were for jingle contests. Uh, and she won a lot of contests to make $1,000. And it's just really good. And if you like the imaginary hero is then you'll love this story. It's kind of in the same vein. A little bit depressing, but then again, a lot of laughs. Okay. Okay. We got over 800 votes on the pull already. We'll have 83 man, I'm really impressed aren't you? And sports top radius got 33 votes is the worst problem in the world. Anybody else out there was as deeply offended by that 24-hour tailgate garbage that we had on please call the police. So here's this, this was in a Sun-Cenal Bar. We're getting some heavy duty publicity or what? Oh my god. Now that we got the new lineup on there, we got Kenny and Bo show. And in the morning we got Mad Dog and a Humphor in the power hour. And all this new stuff going, are there billboards up all over the place? Uh, newspaper ads, movie campaign. Uh, now September five minutes after summer, people are back kids are back in school. People are back from vacation or final vacation to the summer. Wouldn't that be the time for a big promotional campaign? Uh, get think. Show today, view on WQAM. Now this is on top of the one that we ran those 80 million promos for last week. What was that one about? Because I was trying not to listen to it. Oh, you know we ought to get in on memory of that steward one. Steve. What I was steward one was a TV guy. Steve or when? Uh, I'm going to buy me a 1968 stingray. Crikey. Yeah. That's a great department. Keep it away from your heart. 68 stingray. God. That thing was like your ass was on the road. That's how Lou. You ever ride one of those? No. I was about to ridden in some low cars before. I had a friend in Michigan when I was 68 stingray. And I was, oh brother, I don't know where to help. We were going, but it felt like your ass is dragging right in the road. A new fishing radio show makes it stay views Saturday. And I was at this past Saturday and we didn't get an old bonnet. That's right. Did you hear it? I was here. You were working, did you work this day? So that's the point. I worked the show after it. You know what show is that? That would be the real deal. Everything you need to know about automotive. That's what I was talking about. Maybe they can, uh, hope it's up on the 68 stingray for Josh. George will pay for it. Yeah. Get the money ready. Public's weekly fisherman presented by boat owners warehouse. Eris from 7 and 9 a.m. On WQAM on Saturdays. The show was created by Jim Mandage of the Jim Mandage show. All right. On WQAM and his MZM production partners Randy Cassowitz and Michael Mandage. Is that one of the kids I'm sure? Yeah, he was here. The son? Has he still like crazy person, Terry stuff up for his. He's like growing up now. How old are his kids now? About 20? I think he's my age. He was in the same class as me. Yeah. I got news for you. I mean, I don't know how he was a teenager, but he was just him and his brother. When we were at IOD, they used to come in and just tear the whole newsroom to pieces. I mean, they weren't teenagers. I figured how old were they? I don't know. Like eight or nine. I don't know. I don't know. I just come in and destroy everything. Just tear apart the U.P. I'm a machine and just go crazy. But maybe they got out of their system. I think they could use a good spanking gym. What do they look like by the way? The host of Public Weekly Fisherman is Eric Brandon. Oh my god. A popular self-loader radio personality. That's a matter of opinion. Who worked for 20 years at Magic Radio. But he must be an old fart-fighter. Brandon, when you think? I know. Oh, you know what I did here. I turned on the game for about four seconds last night and I heard the PA. And there was J. Rokech croaking it out. And that's going to be something when he's 85. He's still going to be the PA guy for the hurricane. And I'll for the hurricane. Oh, what a silly person. That's going to be our pull question for tomorrow. Who's the silliest of the mall? Mike Rosenthall or J. Rokech or Clarence? I think Clarence is going to mall be. See, the other people have an excuse. But what's Clarence's excuse? I have no line. Oh, thank you. Brandon, Eric Brandon is an avid angler who fishes with his sons and fresh water and offshore. His favorites include running and gunning for dolphin, bottom fishing and fishing for peacock bass and large mouth bass and local lakes. Bottom fishing. What's that like for catfish? I believe that's deep sea. I'm not potty. I like, yeah. What does that mean? Bottom fishing. Like, you know, something new with that film. Yeah, well, what I think it means. Brandon is joined by co-hosts Sue Kocking out there. Out there for the Miami-Herald and Steve Waters out there is a writer for this. That's almost like Fudge Brown. Oh, it's much better. Yeah, it is. Out there is a writer for the son's son most. Each week of a channel with a select group of charter fishing captains. Mr. Massey of our good buddy in the late Mike Winnery. Who's the guy he used to hang on? Oh, I don't know. Barton will be with the fishing report. You know I'm talking about Barton Bill Taylor. Huh? No, you know what I'm talking about. Captain Morgan. Tight lines and that was salty soft placement on Channel 13 in Tampa. Tight lines and good fishing. But I was a guy in Channel 400 years ago with Ralph Redneck. I kind of wish I could remember that guy's name. They also used to have a fishing thing on for about five seconds. Like right after we were the weatherman. And that's something just happened to think about all the good people who are dead. Audemn it. The person? Yeah. Let's not. Bob Weaver, your friend the bird. Steve Erwood. Stewart. Cracky. Fetrich. Each week the captains will talk about current fishing conditions and share tips on everything from tactics to tackle. Oh man. Are we doing it or what? And of course obviously this is a financial thing because man just takes his thumb on it. Can you imagine a money he's raking in? Oh, right. He's got more scans going on. I'm going to leave one. I scroll in my dog. This is a scamster. What's our chicks name again? Sue. So what are you doing today? Sue? Docking? She's sitting on the docking of her bed. Would long stocking. A 154 votes on the pool. Oh god. Sue cocking. Sue anybody you want. Okay. And they would just kind of. We're really going to be away. Oh my real. We've got the real job in a killer from the National Journal. Yeah. You know, when you hear them now, right, you know, you have to have to like have a little skepticism when you hear everything. But when you hear this story, you'll wonder why? Why do they waste all this time of blaming appearance? And then there's John Mark Carfru, kick it all the set of stuff. You know, you're wondering. Don't you wonder? But what? I wonder who wrote the book a love. Maybe it was Sue cocking. The 50's name. So best challenge is the O'Rotchkers. The 4th. 4th. Radio 560. 8. And. Guys. Go. Oh god. Don't. Don't. So American Idol. Yes. Star. George Bush. Sing. The Who. The Who. I love the first person. I'm talking about. I get. I get a racist. I'm a guy. Before we go. I'm talking about. I get a. I get a. I get a. I get a. I get. I get. The two. Take it. What do you think of me? It just was terrible. There's. Don't say. Ever. No. Nothing. Nice. Nice. Nice. You just invented a youth full of culture. I have never ordered. For. American Idol. And. On. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. Andate. And And. We. 34. Terrorism 32. You see that? Spending all these billions of dollars fighting this Phantom, the Boogie Man, and all these terrorists. How come we don't spend more money fighting sports talk radio? We could have have heard of that embarrassing tailgate. Crowdle it was great. They're just there. No words to describe it. It just inciselys me. Limp. Poverty 31. Fear 19. It's the fear factor. Baby, that's what it's all about. There's the Riley factor and there's Max factor and it's the fear factor. And that of course is what the bush might see. That's what they play. The fear factor. I hate this poll only 13, 1.4% are to impress. They like it. And disease 11. Disease. Out of 800, we vote. Now let's see before we tell you who killed John Beney. Got a good book coming out today as a matter of fact. I'm going to go to the bookstore right now and get it. Let's see. What's the name of the book? The architect Carl Robe and the master plan for absolute power. James Moore and Wayne Slater wrote this. And upcoming book about presidential advisor Carl Robe reports allegations of anti-Semitism by President George W. Bush, according to Raw story. And Larissa Alexand Robe, now who wrote this? I wonder if she knows who cocking. In the architect Carl Robe and the master plan for absolute power, Austin based journalist James Moore and Wayne Slater, senior political reporter for the Dallas Morning News, will a page that Bush once made anti-Semitic comments to reporter. You know what? I'm going to tell those Jews when I get to Israel, don't you? Herman, then Governor George Bush alleged the answer reporter for the Austin American statesman. When the journalist can't Herman replied he did not know, Bush reportedly delivered the punch line. I'm going to tell them they're all going to hell. How do you like that? The hurt wall, are they? And that's something? So that's what George Bush has to say to the Jews. Go to hell. Yeah. The quick never received light or media attention, Raw story obtained a copy of the architect this week. The book. Bush has thought on the fate of non-Christian souls became a minor source of controversy after he told the Houston Post 93 that only those who have set Jesus go to heaven. However, the future president was also earlier briefly engaged to a half-de-wish woman. How do you like that? I wonder which half? The authors of the architect assert that religion and ethnicity have been manipulated by Bush and wrote to divide in concubination and that new book, this is a separate article but nevertheless still connected the same book. It reports that Carl Robe's stepfather, Louis Robe, divorced his mother and lived the rest of his adult life as an openly gay man. Oh my God. Raw story has learned. It was pretty raw. This is a lot of many bombshells delivered by reporter James More and Wayne Slater in his new book which also will lead us at Robe held street corner meetings with fallen super lobbyist Jack Abramop knowing that all visits and phone calls to the White House were logged. Abramop recently put a guilty text for our conspiracy to bribe members of Congress street corner meetings. When the latest sidewalks strategy session with Carl Robe had concluded Jack Abramop settled into the back seat of a chauffeur driven car, more in Slater Wright on page nine. Like I said, everything that comes out of the White House is logged in. The phone calls he makes, the phone calls we see. So this is what it's just easier. There's much to digest in the architect but new details of Rose family history, self-proclaimed agnosticism and the political machine built by a friend such as scandalized lobbyist Jack Abramop are certain to raise the hackles of Rosey public and base. And he liked that. Siding on the record sources including close friends of the elder Robe, more and Slater reveal he lived openly as a gay man who made close to a central out his life. Carl Robe, Carl Robe leaving Rose's natural father, learning those truth only after his parents divorced during his young adult hood. A New Yorker profile of Robe Council Relationship, Robe's work of its book of his adopted father and the tone of fierce admiration love and loyalty for as he put it, how selfless his love had been, as shown by his willingness to play persuasively the part of a blood parrot for two decades. The architect describes the relationship of Lewis and his longtime friend, Joseph Cunes, her wonderful new suit, Sue Hul, talking. Joseph Cunes have been living openly as a gay man throughout his life. Are you going to stop for that already or what? God, you are bad. Although from what I heard Kenny St. is mourning with six amphons there last month of the show. Maybe that's part of the sports deal. Joseph Cunes have been living openly as a gay man throughout his adult life, but Lewis wrote it only come out after he left his family in Salt Lake City and moved to Southern California with left figures. In the book Cunes recounts how he and the elder Robe began to cruise the scene in Palm Springs looking to make friends with older gay men, eventually forming a social club they dug the old farce club. Oh, too bad we can't play the old farce choice? We can't even play any new ones. The men met every Friday, usually at the rainbow cactus restaurant, oh, if the cactus or the martini burger to eat drinking socialize. Never have a martini burger? No, it's not the good one. More and slay to raise speculation is to whether the suicide or rose mother rebu may have been aggravated by the shame she felt over Lewis's homosexuality. That corn sure is special Lewis. A man of almost starling intelligence Robe is not likely to ignore the possibility that his father's homosexuality might have figured his mother's choice to enter on life. The author is right. A self admitted agnostic how do you like that? World has to date poor Twitter's parents divorce and mother's sexual identity to something of a mystery. It's hard to figure out he told Tom magazine in 2004 you can speculate on what demons she just wasn't able to overcome but she couldn't. One might think that such a sensitive family situation might have kept Robe from using it as a political ace in the whole and stand he made sexual orientation specifically gay mirage the centerpiece of a presidential campaign and beginning a conservative oaths in states like Ohio. What if he knows Charlie Christ? The premeditated well organized assault of the Robe fled GOP is described in the architect is breathtaking one has to wonder why a group of senior members of a Christian right huddled in a room together and planning to play one Christian denomination against another never made the headlines. Well I'm getting that book today and more in state of present something more than the background shockers of these public figures they provide a detailed illustration of a conglomerate that profited on faith, race, heritage, even gender using the very people are trusted by their congregations their leaders in their heroes. The book is out today from Crown Books the architect Carl Robe and master plan for absolute power by James Morene Williams later. I'm sure lots of you are going to be running your book through the borders and whatever right now are to you know this audience man they're going to be on it not. Okay see one of the who killed John the name who killed of course you care about these things aren't we I heard of that crocodile heard of it yeah heard of it was the soft food. Oh look at all these other great stories uh Sunday school teacher Farther being a woman and we had that story I'm not sure I'm pretty proud of that you know if that's a new choir remember that yes I do Mary Lambert by the way you know technically everything that the superior said is biblically correct women are supposed to be talking in church oh or at home right or in the supermarket to just put to keep your head covered and all that in your mouth there we go oh how about the FBI reports uh clock the steel alvass's body and his dad said it up Tim's still on for time because I want to do the break down because I'd like to go on and interrupt this important story about John but hey since obviously that's the big topic do you're allowed pretty much now we don't hear anything more about it doing no that because that was embarrassing that whole media circus another yes it was as they didn't have that's correct Registence Hasselhoff is war talent co-stars battle over facelifts America's got talent co-host and well I'm telling you between the two of them they don't want to be over 180 and boarded they have no I mean you know Registence is he he's just too much too much already wife kills husband and cooks him and serves him to the kids oh for me it there you are not good well I don't know I haven't had any yet see I'm trying to see if his name almond dry almonds are really great for you nuts uh when almonds combat cholesterol and calves keep your heart healthy well good I love almonds so eat some nuts I wonder if Sue likes him Sue who the fitching lady oh that one amazing psychic teenager stands to medical world with miracle cure is one is number yeah as she says I do oh the kid and of course we name the real job in a killer and it's not the wacko who confess well no schmitt wow it's not him all global warming says john in the south scumbia south curland who's not you see his last name john gore is that just a joker what that's joke at it uh our uh in the big environmentalist nah okay whatever you say john you're boring global warming and that's what it's full okay that's you get some vote that'll be probably put us over a thousand I would think when you we got nine ten nine ten all is I think nine fifty was w bbf the home of the busy bees in Rochester w bbf with Jo Dean and Morton us farm what kind of a guy goes on here and uses the name Morton us farm that would be like Howard David or dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot uh the best talent for the Rogers for radio five sixty you a this is the new Rogers show good questions coming up tonight on inside the behind the truana with celebrity music biography profile story they formed in Seattle in the nineties which meant they were either stunners or part of the Virginia crunch music scene practically both they were sound garden macos out back here is the garden where we uh make our sounds sound gardens Chris Cornell took our insides of a hand reporter on a tour of the back garden which provided the inspiration for the bands music and their name here you can see the uh green plants that uh really helped us in the creation of all our albums you got the cheetahs man oh no sorry I hope it up oh man it's a drug raid that we got a Republican control Congress good show all these plants on my finger what you want to go down with me get start some of it so in garden they never got as famous as Nirvana but hey that means they didn't have to deal with that punger or courting love it's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind so how many hits do you think they're going to get when he has somebody puts up that video of your buddy stever when getting off with that this thing right oh come on turn man he made him oh everybody's gonna want to see that I'm not that I care I keep that's what happens when you're dangling your little kid in front of a crocodile because that's a real crock okay he's an idiot he was irresponsible and then all of a sudden God's smated him or sloody him I'm glad that somebody facts me the sarnet thing from Friday because after a long holiday weekend you for you tend to forget I did see him of course I mean I'm always breathless on the edge of the seat I'm going to say very jackass don't even write a regular sports radio nerd column every week like he used to he's small potatoes now Jim sarnet there's the man a big bull frog whoop-o anyway he tells us this breathless news about how we're David it back on FTO hosting the game day in siders on whatever day joined by key Sims Eric Rat and Johnny Mitchell Saturdays two to four and Sundays other name to five p.m. how can we compete with that we've got to put on a fishing show with Eric granted and soup cocking they would have also doing some fill and work for ESPN radio city doesn't miss his old shows on WQM and either this the audience I don't miss where I work not even a little bit most said oh that's what it says in the article one of the top football announces in the country David crossed a new frontier the summer when did the first radio play by play on series for the world poker championship in Las Vegas that was the wildest experience in my life in broadcasting David said it was a challenge but I know the game and it worked out well I'll do no I'll do more poker but no dark staminos or any other cocking name events they come up with he's got stanbridge there yeah might do a little bit of my genre and the world shuffleboard shuffleboard championships in hell in the air coming up he might do the call on that but no darts dominoes or cocking name event or school whatever cocking maybe that's it we got over nine her voice aren't you excited so we just barely after level we got nine twenty six man maybe now that all these the summer and holidays are over with next Monday we go back to our regular schedule damn it's the next one behind eleven by the way that's right do you know what CNN is doing next Monday and what is the other one in the sanity I know I kind of know what what they're going to have a whole day where they relive and show those videos right we're going to show all their programming from eleven two thousand making the scabb for waiting that's right making it bleed that's what they're doing I'm sure that the bush mice you know his right wing alluded to some sure they love that see that we're under tremendous all the boogie man is going to get us again Speak of the boogie man the national examiner in their September eat eleven issues big at a night eleven we name the real job in a killer and it's not the wacko who confess and here's a picture of miss john mar car she looks out of no bizarre car the twisted sick of whom molested battered and strangle little job in a ramsey has been brought to justice and he's not the goofy looking pedophile john mar car who sensational confession has the nation buzzing the six year old beauty queens murder is Michael hellgoth a 26 year old convicted pedophile collected barbie dolls and was obsessed with young girls guns and violence Michael hellgoth but he off john but a but hellgoth who covered himself with tattoos including one of the grim reaper and another of a blood dripping skull committed suicide just weeks following john but a's murder on December 25th 96 he apparently shot himself on Valentine's Day 97 the day after a threatening statement was issued by border collar writer district attorney Alex Hunter but they sure did a really thorough and great investigation there didn't there wait till you're more of the evidence that they had there and they and still nobody even talks about this punk I will say something to the person or persons who took this baby from us the list of suspects narrows hunter said soon there will be no one on list but you that's what the message said and then the next day but I'm paying I guess it was just a coincidence that's right the unsettling message was carefully constructed by the FBI experts decided to put him in psychological pressure on a killer to make him sweat and hopefully turn himself in instead hellgoth who ran a border area salvage yard seemed to take the cowardly way out knowing the cops were closing in so his pal john Kennedy had previously gone to police tongue them of hellgoth sadistic love of shooting street dogs how he threatened people with guns and some bizarre coincidences involving the jaman a key oh my god when Kennedy learned that jaman a skull had been severely cracked from a vicious blow chills ran down his spine Kennedy told police that hellgoth love to talk about killing people and once said to him I wonder what we like to crack a human skull I like that he wondered who wrote the book a love and what we are who so that's I guess that's what he like to do in a square time crack go out and kill some people yeah Mike was pretty happy around late November about him and a partner making a killer deal because can be I guess as a plan words they were each going to make 50 or 60 grand and Christmas comes he's really depressed because there was no money the total amount of money hellgoth and a secret part of what it collected will come very close to 118,000 the odds submitted in the bizarre ransom note left of the ramsey home and following hellgoth's death police is covered more than in fact he said he was going to give the other two grand to you guys a thousand a judge of the judge all right well by the people know and following hellgoth's death police is covered more damning of an incident addition to the money amount the crack skull remark is part convictions were sexually molesting a child and the charge by former girlfriend that she cut him naked and bit with her young daughter you following all of this yeah doesn't take shy like homes to put these clues a lot of coincidences here cops searching hellgoth's home after the suicide found a pair of high-tech work boots the souls of which would make the prince like the one found in the ramsey basement where the intruder was believed to broken in they also found a tazard stun gun john but a soft-topsy revealed marks on her body similar to those made by a tazard leading investigators to believe that the killer used a tazard or in a little miss collar battle helpless his friends say he was a stun gun nut and that he used to break into people's houses this was a thrill of doing it says all a great investigator hired by the ramsey's and cops found a shirt with the mystery letters sptc on it and pass with the word victory on him amazingly the ransom note found at the ramsey home was signed victory sptc other quotes please also discovered pictures of young girls had a newspaper clipping about the unsolved case of a five-year-old girl who had been kidnapped in murdered five years before little john venay see when you dress up your little girl like a slut like somebody on the road yeah you're a nice guy to test you held goss DNA with that found in jambanes underpants and believed to have been left by her killer it didn't match but private i grey and john sand august and believed to be an able on the hellgoss unknown partner they also believe the secret partner may have murdered hellgoth i made it look like suicide to cover his own tracks if he's one of two people involved in a major major death of a small girl what's the best way to eliminate the word getting at the jetting in popman says where you eliminate your partner just like a little uh-huh those the evidence pointed to huggoth as jambanes killer is overwhelming next to the ridiculous statements made by car who sources say has been a mental mess since the range mother tried to set him on fire when he was an infant that would kind of do it she was locked away in a psych award shortly after family friend George McCurris as car has always been paranoid and he's a psychiatrist worse than anyone he's ever met here's why i spritzfully card didn't do it and it got a whole window need to read those because we know he didn't do it well one of them was uh car claimed he got into the ramsy house by attending a christmas party and hiding in a bedroom to everyone was gone the problem is the ramsy didn't have a party but on December 23rd two days before the murder car claims the child's violent death was an accident and we already know about that but that food cake nobody really likes food cake five hundred and sixty five we got some good stuff there on our myspace dot calm you know oh yeah that's a beautiful heavy-done stuff and i bet you we got nine forty two all we got to do is put a one in front of that you got the year of my birth nineteen forty two is that what promises covered america that's right gas is doctor is in counter on a stain injuries says uh double mac and tear in the independent UK doctors and guys are reporting what they say are on a sprain injuries among the dead and wounded in operations by the Israeli military which have killed more than 200 Palestinians in the past nine weeks i explained injuries the world health health organization is and by the way how about that my keen and how bye by my you idiot you bozo now they got that frog jack martin in there man what did what a joke that is we love the panthers are ready for hockey season or what you're gonna be going to get a game to get a game to get a game to go to a couple of days you won't know you won't know you won't what do you mean i want to like four to last year to actually watch the game or to go there when i choose around to get paid for it uh huh well no i i went to four besides the schmoothing and getting paid wow that is problem pressed the world health organization is considering whether there is a case for an investigation of the injuries and its suspicions by the medics that the injuries were inflicted by what they claim they have been unidentified non-conventional weapons besides especially severe burning down to the bones the doctor said that in other cases internal organs have been ruptured without any obvious signs of sharp no wounds while we're reporting the hamas around ministry of health said the injuries raised the possibility that is real could be using unprecedented projectiles with radian substances the medics acknowledged there's no proof so far of their claims they also admit that typically of establishing the exact cause of that is greatly exacerbated by the reluctance to the most be read Palestinian families to allow autopsy the concerns were aired at the weekend by group of Palestinian medics during a visit to Gaza by delegation from positions for human rights Israel the delegation agreed to take away fragments of tissue from the bodies of Palestinians killed during the recent military operations in Gaza for possible analysis in Israel but urge the medics to seek an international investigation i'd like that and there he goes click it on for the list of your look at man he just can't stop can you no wow what is it about your getchies uh they're looking at they're talking about America votes the election's not that far away it's already September man September five which means the election is like what i took too much away right okay just like my 64th birthday then i can play it what is the name of that bit is it called what i'm 64 yes or no one has 64 what is it are you talking about the kj word there's this two of them there's one right uh uh there's a new one called no one call my car one what is it called no i'm 64 oh now now what have you said i'm pretty what i'm there's now he's 64 i've seen we want to play right now maybe a hoop rate nine hundred forty eight votes on the pole man we're rolled along saying we got more people voting on a pole in the head listening for the whole tailgate party for that horseball ballgame they played last night oh my god you know i keep i keep looking at that thing online again a reading about the fact that there was a combined total of three yards rushing in again it must have been scintillating you know uh most of the scintillating three yards rushing in these are the two powerhouses baby their hurried cage and a cent rolls why give me a break three yards although i guess this year Joshua wasn't wide right or wide left at the end right no because that's usually what the but it's almost always a really boring low-scoring game totally ineptitude and at the end if i see us a chance to win it or tight and it's always wide left or wide right except last year didn't they when now what was the score last year i don't remember the so it went yes they did and then it went again last night so i guess they hurricanes are done they're finished so who are we gonna uh are we cursed down here now the 50's day so best challenge with a grand one-lock analysis for shwitty will find luck as great a win more than sand it's the 2006 2A and mercies bench grants living in contest from our lunch player hits a grand slam in a bit then he who went a two year league to the mercies been steeped to 30 for more information and to enter log on to wq and dot top today the 2006 where we our So why did it send us a day in a line? Last year your rage was 63, Time to add one more. Let's have a party for Pomegranate, Now we're 64. We roll the tune. I'd like to say these words. Happy birthday to you. Who in the Beatles wants ridiculous John and George Argonne? George I can't sit on the choppy didn't survive. But old ring, go, he's the line. Watch him up first and hold him some weed. In Japan on door. The wife doesn't need you, the lawyers will bleed you. And you're 64. I'm dying on the hand. 119th QAIMS. I'm not sure if you can't see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I'm not sure if you can see the black rocker. I know that everybody's dancing on the street think about the ho places of culture or the Kouk robi on their pants. Even so the Stalking was embarrassed by that. I'm going to call the Colorado. I'm trying to say that. You'll be pretty good next to you. Here you go. I'm going to go wash it. The shed is around one molta trying to save that. I don't care. I finished telling you that you'd better not feed the mules then alive. No, don't! What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? Of course, a lot of you. A lot of you are people who have had that problem for years. Today I'm recovering in a satisfactory rhythm. So the statement published in the comments party Daily Grandma, which was a company is that why don't you just call it a grandma. That's right. Don't have a DNA. What does that mean? Grandma, GRA and M.A. I don't know. Oh. Which is accompanied by new photographs of the 80 year old cadel. He said that he just recently had the last stages from his surgery removed. Probably from his vacuum. I can affirm that the most critical moment has been left behind. See that? He said something about behind. The statement was accompanied by ten photos of Castro during his kind of lessons. All of them he was sitting up and wearing either shortly, maybe blue or light blue pajamas. And several he's reading or writing. Or maybe doing arithmetic. Most of the picture showed a leader from the waist up. Although one shows the whole body is he sits in a rocking chair with slippers on his feet, writing what lest to be a newspaper. Probably some comedy propaganda probably probably probably. Even though they don't publish it anymore, maybe just grandma. And another picture, Castro holds up a broad sheet proof of a new book written from a series of interviews He gave to French journalist Ignacio Ramon, which he said was interviewing, reviewing, during his recovery. In the coming days, I'll be receiving distinguished visitors. He had it apparently referring to some of the heads of state and government who will be traveling to Ivana for the sum of non-aligned nations. This doesn't mean that every activity will be immediately accompanied by a video or photo images. Although news have been provided of every one of the statements said. In the weeks since his surgery, his specific element had been treated as a state's secret. All of us must understand that it is not convenient to systematically offer information. In order to give out images of my health situation, Castro, and all of us must understand realistically that the complete recovery time, whether we like it or not, it will be prolonged until he stick his bearded ass in a box. Then you can dance. At this moment, I'm not in a hurry and no one should be in a hurry. The country is marching and moving ahead. The government is not an unsvathed fiddle or a roll represent the country during next week's sum of roll. You know, freedom, freedom, freedom, freedom. You know, this is not just happening though. We kept here at all these rumors and something was going to happen. See Bush is too busy with him a-rads, man, because he's got this Islamophobia. That's what he suffers from. He suffers from homophobia, Islamophobia, and UFObia. Because all you are Jews is going to rot in hell. That nice? To the Bible story. Certainly, hopefully, all the Jews are to the voted for Bush either time or go to vote for his Neocontronies. I hope you're really proud about that. But he's so good for Israel, yeah, for obvious reasons. 980 votes, global warming's got three by the way. I just excited we added that. Oh, yeah, thrilled. The biggest problem in the world is religion, 385. Get rid of it. Ban it. Dump it. You know, I thought I saw that travel show last night with Ahmed Ridd on PBS. Right? And they were shown all the, of course, I've been there. But to me, it was kind of a bland city and all the buildings are white. They all look the same. But they showed all the artwork in there. Which is enormous museums and all kinds of good stuff. And the bloody history man, you know, from the inquisition and all the stuff. Oh, yeah. And all the religions man, all that ever happened. No. 983 ignorance, 239. Bingham's problem is greed only 90. See the top two religion ignorance. And of course, you have to be even more to believe any of those fairy tales man. All the good books says that. And of course, Noah had the arc man. He was a drunken group ball. But he built the arc. Shredded. Yeah. And all the nails it knows are hardwares to earn. Rochester. Over population 62. And of course, then he had it in by a lot of shovels too. I wonder how he cornered those elephants and tigers and lions. It got them on New York. Oh, right. And speaking of stingrays, why did God invent this stingray with that nasty thing to punish Steve Erwin, obviously? Well, good job. Praise the Lord. Over population 62, intolerance 47. Sports talk radio 38. God eliminated now. Especially after this after this weekend's debacle of QAM. And you know, so we don't have any sports nerd writer in town that's got the ball to write an article and say, what a joke. What are we? Beacuse piece of crap. Why would they do that? Because they might have the balls to say it. Yeah. Oh. Terrorism 38 poverty 34. Fear 22. I hate this pool 14. Only 1.4%. And Dave Hyde writes this article about how crappy the game was. And I noticed he didn't point out that the game is always crappy. And a QAM wasted 24 hours and killed our whole rating for the entire day yesterday. Burtured it. And that's because Joe Bell has handed the keys to the kingdom over to a trio of little children. Don't start playing Billy Jay Kramer again, please. There's these 11 and global warming only three. So best talent to the thesis. We all Roger this. Sports radio 560. What's the matter? And Dave watch that. Is it wrong? I'm sorry, guys. In both. 560. WQAAP. Your sport home. My next station presents the new Roger show. Neal won't be in a game today. So that we may provide you with more stimulating entertainment. Well suited for this area. And the management state of mind. Live from the white side of the grill. It's Miami Hurray King Girls dot-bottles. 27-7-7. That's coming up for my 10 minutes. Can't wait. Maybe I'll sneak a call in here. What do you think? Probably won't be in here. Hello. Hello. Excuse me. Hey, Neal. Are you back in Miami or is that a lie? How many of you are you living here again? I'm in Cedar key. I feel more comfortable when you're in the state of Florida than in Canada. I don't. Is it no? No. I got it. Anyway, chances of my broad viewing. Another show from South Florida on a scale of zero are... You're fair. Oh, the big O none. Zero. Here's the article I was looking for, desperately. Cursedy chow is down and then blows up. Did you see this one? Yes. The same in Quarrey. You saw it? Yes. That's the lesson learned a hard way by work as others at a carnival. That's where she belongs. An Albromaine recently. Oh, that's a good place for her. Maybe she's doing parents' there. After losing 71 pounds on the Jenny Craig night. And he called Jenny yet. Cookie down, keto. Fettuccine. After losing 71 pounds on the Jenny Craig night, Christie has been spotted picking out in recent months. Oh, no. Oh no. And when she took her two children of the kitty carnival near her summer home, food was her main attraction. She is a sal and a cow. Curstie and the kids love the petting zoo, but then she got to look at the baked goods. And I wouldn't still be inquire. Sure to the piece of peacan pie for each of them in practically inhaled hers. Next stop was the popcorn wagon. Curstie ordered bags of butter popcorn for all three of them, and then went back for more. You know, before I go on with this, I was just thinking if they went ahead a little bit and then as soon as I could have worked yesterday, and then you could have worked today. Yeah. We could have like switched off. But then how would they have fit all that great programming? That's what I'm saying instead of that crack for farce, we could have given the audience a four hour break from that garbage, from that swill. In fact, we only had two and a half hours yet anyway, because the Marlon Pregame was in 1230. I could have done that. I would have certainly swapped two and a half hours yesterday so they see you could do four hours today. Oh yeah, I know that deal. Yeah, but I gave you the day off. I know I like it. That was great. Yes. What about you Josh? You have the day off? Yes, I did. I said, let's still instant replaying. I'm not doing. I agree. Oh, no. That was just garbage. I say we have more hours here to give you more. I can only imagine. I mean, how much is there to say about the same thing over and over and over again? What kind of crazy people are we working for? Like that. In saying the next up was the popcorn. Why? Increase the ordered bags of buttered popcorn for all three of her children. Then went back for more. Oh, she went back for more. I wonder how much he ate. As she ordered a second bag for herself, her mood turned ugly. Curstie got really snooty with a popcorn man. She snipped and don't be stingy with a salt. This popcorn is really, really bland. She wolfed down the second bag and that's when all a hell broke loose. In the midst of her eating bin, Curstie had somehow lost her sunglasses and car keys. Before long, carnival staffers and complete strangers were done on the grass looking for things. She was really annoyed. The kicker was that when somebody finally found her keys and sunglasses on a table, Curstie grabbed them and then huffed and ran off without a word. Talk about on grateful. Talk about on grateful bitch, so her slut. We can't stand you, Curstie. And by the way, she's a Scientologist. I've just mentioned that in passing. Hey, Curstie. You're just in flat view of art. Not only then. You're a feral. You see, Castro wanted her to just have to cook my favorite bag. Pastro, stuff. Wow. I wouldn't be something if what those are named in one form of the furniture, the sofa started it. Burn it. Yeah, that's right. She's on with I'm a solet. I don't watch him. Even I came here to let no mole. But when I think on the day that she croaks in the big appliances, Castro dies, and then there's going to be a third dancing industry. Don't get your tannies. So when it comes to the premature evacuations, OK? Wait until they pluck his beard out one hair to time. And then you'll know, Curstie, I'm my ass. God, she disgusting. I wonder why she's in the Scientology. Thanks, I'll speak of oops. US warplanes mistakenly, Strayf Canadian troops fighting Taliban forces in south of the southern Afghanistan, killing one soldier in seriously wounding five years today, and an operation that NATO claims is also left 200 insurgents dead. They mistakenly killed a Canadian soldier. Oops, sorry. Sorry, Mr. Mavad. Yeah. Monday's death took to five, the number of Canadian soldiers killed since an anti-tallivan campaign. I thought we were all done with the Taliban. Remember those days? Yeah. We had that big war with Afghanistan, and everything was strong. We put the hot-toothed cars in there. Everything was great. Which reminds me, somewhere in this problem, I've got to think about the poppy crop in Afghanistan. It's a crop of crap. It's what it is. He said, crop, right? Poppy. Like, I'll quickly release to say, poppy cock. Am I that? I do. I got that right here somewhere. Actually, if they didn't have so many carbs, I'll have that stuff. Speaking of crap, speaking of people who are bloomed up, this is great. And you know what? Here it is. It's almost noon already. You have reminded me about the big news of the day, the big, the big, the biggest witness with that. Guess who makes your debut tonight on the CBS evening news? Oh, Katie. And we got a story here from the Louisville Kentucky Courier Journal. It was just an eyelash patched women's equality day. I was jerved, and I used that for a blucy and generously every year August 26th. From the market of passage of women's suffrage in the US when reality caught up with Katie Courier, writes Pam Platt. It is not enough that she's going to be the solo anchor of the CBS evening news starting tonight. A much valley who broadcasts first for a woman. Yes, this network TV has been around for 60 years and this is sadly and he pressingly still a first. It is enough that she's going to be paid a reported $15 million a year to be the brand named trademark standard bear quarterback and managing editor of regrouping that news shop. It isn't enough that she was at least co-cathed on the top rated network morning news entertainment program for more than a decade performing a long time on air hatchery and included questioning presidents and other world leaders having her coating these damn in live in color, flying like Peter Pan and bringing the grief of Columbine family discrimination without her sporting their pain. Oh, this is a suck up. It isn't enough that she lost a husband and sister to cancer and that she's a single parent of two daughters that she never stumbled on one step in her public life while she faced those challenges at home. Not all of that is enough because someone in the press department of CBS ink took a page from the old playbook of Wallace Simpson and through a smart, powerful attractive rich achieving career woman and mother could stand to be thinner thought. So someone a kitty curse owner worked in a Photoshop nip and tucked up on whatever pictures and made the news anchor look more like the floor for a presenter model on let's make a deal. A lovely woman at model was in his vacating court his bringing up news not what's behind her number one and the truth is he's almost 50 years old is worked long and hard to get where she is by the way, Vanne White's 86 and his had a couple of kids along the way and looks just great without the computer touch of says Pam who I think's got the hats for kitty. The anchor publicly tossed off the fake makeover with a good nature to one line or and bully for her but the reduction of kitty court makes me crazy it says and if it doesn't make you crazy too and at least give you pause. See there was my pause. Oh, I get it. He goes on to say I will watch Katie cursed if you do dinner because I want to see history because I want to see if I like her program period. Oh, she's going to have all these special guests on this week. She's going to have Bill Clinton and she's going to have Rush Limbaugh as you've been able to about book one and all these other and of course what does that have to do with doing the news? So is this going to be is this going to really be a new show is it going to be another entertainment show? I'm new disguised as a new show that will have news on the net works anymore anyway. So I was sorry who don't want to see that anyway. But they must have a list of this show where they need to find out they'll find out whatever is going on the world right here on this show right. Right. Just sit on your ass. I bet you we got we do a thousand and fourteen votes. I'd like that. One more. Thousand and sixteen votes and it's only looking 42. So like I said I was only going to do two and a half hours yesterday. So just pretend that you worked yesterday. How is that? I worked yesterday. What? I'll pretend that I worked yesterday so that you can work. Those were the only I know I'm past the break. You was worth the only target of Mel's meltdown right? Robin is Rocky and Ellen Smith in the inquire. In fact, just hours before his DUI rest, the Oscar winner went off on another ethnic group that Turks. How do you like that? He got him hoping to hit a political discussion with a group of Americans while dining it to Vernon Tony and Malibu July 27. It's a very casual place you can walk around the restaurant, Dancerry and Tires, mingling with guests all Hollywood and Saturday. We saw the 50 year old us slime ball at the restaurant. I almost said, you know what? He started talking to a group of our minions and the discussion turned deadly serious. Mal had a shot of Takeela and you could hear the intensity of his voice as he told Americans how much he admired and respected the ethnicity. And one point, Mel, stirred, you guys were the first Christians and what did that mean for you? Your people were slaughtered by those bastard Turkish broots. The more he talked, the more worked up Mel became city and center. It was very passionate. It wasn't a common discussion about world history. It almost seemed like he was looking for a fight. How do you like that? Mel gives him. Who in here am I during the proud? Errsford. And yours boys. The biggest name of this challenge is the Rogers Force Radio 560. 1. 1. 1. Lollipop little boy. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 4. 3. 3. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 7. 3. 4. 3. 4. 4. 4. 6. 3. 4. 6. 5. 3. 3. 7. 9. 5. 5. 5. 6. of the do with this. I mean, well, what kind of crap is that? You know, one of the worst pieces of garbage and, you know, and that's his place, man. And then your buddy, Joe Belly, was in there this morning. He talks to good game. He puts on a good, the front, you know, he's got the Palm Palm Zay. Ra Ra, Ra, Ra, a syspoon, but he ought to be in that movie, but I'm a cheerleader. Oh, paper, I'm just, last year, paper came through there. Another good look at that. Just enough. Pulls up at around South Florida this morning with those significant problems and mixed predictions about how many voters would cash ballots and races ranging from 30 people voting today from Google to Tural Primaries to County Commission and school board seats. That was that tele-hassy Nazi is that the one where he says, why do you think they call it Google anyway? That's the one. Oh, let's come in right up. Board election supervisor, Dr. Brenda Snipes, predicts 18 to 21 percent of registered voters will cash ballots today. While Palm Beach County's Arthur Anderson anticipates a turn up of about 25 percent. How do you like that? And you idiots in Broward, Palm Beach has got your beat by like maybe a few percent. And both numbers still suck. So far it's on the slow side Anderson said outside Christ, a fellowship church that Christ, a fellowship church in Palm Beach Gardens. That was his second stop of the day after voting himself at 7 AM at the Ibus County Club. Have you seen Ibus? Yeah, I haven't. There's a report. Sure or two, it sucks. Oh, I don't think I've seen it. No cam, I've seen it. I've seen it. There are big white birds with a long beat they are. No can't go in. They're like a cleaver. Speaking of, you know, I would leave it to the 50s in the US. If they were doing leave it to be first of all, that wouldn't be the name of the show. No, I have to be leave it to. Only in the 50s in the US where people lie even if they got away with a character named Beaver cleaver. Leave it to beaver my ass. No campaign workers were visible and either of his first to stop. So only about 50. Fifteen people had voted at the two locations by the time he moved down to the Hearst Chapel Church in Riviera Beach. Early voting also resulted in the lower response. He said with only 10 to 11 thousand casting valves in the two weeks stretchers that's stench that ended Sunday. He also said that only 20, 3000 people requested absentee valves for the primary. A significant drop from the 2004 General Election 100,000 absentee valves were set out in 80,000 of return. How do you like that, man? People just don't give a crap. We're also maybe everybody bailed out of that. The ski to infested toilet. I'm surprised not more people are voting said Robert Klein of Booker tone. Bob Klein. He was on at Carlin Show last night of biography. It took him five minutes to vote at the Booker Retone Community Center, or most voting machines sat idle. He said registered voters have to be asked to do with several factors. I think people are overwhelmed by the war, the economy, and gas prices. They should put that behind and concentrate in the future. They have an opportunity to shape what happens in November he said. And a partridge in a pear tree. Mary Kuni and Lexington's office official said only two precincts in open on time. Other than because the pool clerk didn't show up on time, the clerk of the pooling location has the voter rule, as well as the electronic devices needed to start to my scenes and of course breakfast too. They got the honey rolls. Honey. Up. Let's see. The smoothness of flowers opening contrasted with four years ago when then supervisor Miriam Elephant had massive problems in the primary. Now, let's see, not so many of you are voting today. It's primary date. Don't you like what course are audience seeing from the vote in the Republican primary? Because we only got honey Republicans. Not third man. Don't forget, we watched it about for Charlie Christ because he'll be the first gay Republican gay governor of Florida. Maybe we can drag him ass as that side of the closet too. Maybe he can get up on his tippy toes and give John Revolve a big kiss on the lips and if he's swell. That'd be something. 442 votes. We may vote for 1,200 day before this damn thing is before we're done. This story ought to piss off a lot of people. The O.P. Congress blocked Clinton push for anti-terrorism legislation. You see this? Did you read it? No, I did. Son of a website. He must read it. Why in the dog? No. Senator Oran Hatch, Republican of Utah, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary, Kimmy Emerge from the meeting and said, this is July 30, 1996, the quote from CNN. These are very controversial provisions that the Clinton White House wants. Some they're not going to get. Has also said he had some problems with the president's proposals to expand wiretapping. There was the 30th of July, 96. So Bill Clinton rather than just breaking laws Bush did, decided to go to the Republican Congress in 1996, asked him for increased authority to do even more eavesdropping or to stop the terrorist, stop 9-11. Senior Republican Senator Oran Hatch, one of the GOP's top picks for the Supreme Court and a GOP committee chair, objected. The Republican stop Bill Clinton from getting all the tools he needed to stop the next 9-11. Well no, actually they opposed giving President Clinton all the tools he needed to stop the actual 9-11. Good 9-11 have been stopped at the GOP and given President Clinton the tools he requested to stop Osama and Mohammed Ata from killing 3,000 people in New York, Pennsylvania and Washington. Maybe we need to ask the Republicans up for reelection while they wanted to appease the terrorists. And more of the quote. President Clinton, there is Congress to, as they directly swiftly developing anti-terrorism legislation before it's August recess. We need to keep this company together right now. We need to focus on this terrorism issue. Clinton said during a White House news conference, since again July 96, but while the President pushed for a quick legislation, Republican lawmakers hardened their stance against some of the proposed anti-terrorism measures. There's even an audio clip. In fact, if you go back to the on our website, you go back to the original story and you can click on the link and listen to it. An audio clip of President Clinton practically begging the Republicans to give him the tools he needed to stop Osama and the terrorist. Trump, lots said no. Foreign Hatch said no. The these men really deserved to run the Congress during a time of war to ask that, of course, the answer is all course done. But then again, what exactly would that ballgame last night? And those three rushing yards, huh? We didn't do this. We did this. Yeah, we did. Talk about it and cross it out. I don't know. You're just having too much fun. That must be it. And of course we did have that one really good call. When I could, I don't want to overdo with these calls. Because I knew you had all the good ones and he's over the rest of the week. What? And they've been great. They've been spectacular. They've been something. You can't say the word. Don't believe. Or even Sue can't say. The feast name. So, let me tell you what you need. What's the property we were supposed to? To wish video 560, you a. M. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M. Good morning, American. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. Adam Miller of Udokend, New York, was showing off his new sports car to his girlfriend, Cindy McGillon. Cindy was thrilled at the speed of the new car. Adam said if I do 100, will you take your clothes off? Sure. Said Cindy. Well, as Adam got it up to 100, sure enough Cindy peeled off all her clothes. Unable to keep his eyes on the road. Adam skidded off the road and flipped the car over. The naked girl was thrown clear. But Adam was jammed beneath the steering wheel. Going get help he plated. But I can't said Cindy. I'm making it in my clothes. Argonne. Take my shoe. Said Adam and cover yourself. Holding the shoe over her. Intimidaria. Cindy ran down the road and found a service station. Still holding the shoe between her leg. She pleaded to the service station for a priori. Please help me. My boyfriend Adam is stuck. The proprietor looked at the shoe and said there's nothing I can do. He's in too far. Paul Harvey. Okay. It's noon. No, little hand is on the big hand here. Q and we got mad dog at two. The power hour with the Humper and the Thumper and Mad Dog for the five Hanks in Vegas. So he'll be like, you know, difficult. That is when you don't have the two people in the same room. Hanks in Vegas from five to six to three solo following the power hour and the together we take a shower. Marlon's on that could take 31 of the most incredible. I keep watching those scores every day and it's just amazing to me. It's right. They just keep winning and winning. What's the one they want? Like about 20 out of 23 or something like that? What did you hear the history that they made? What's that? They're the first teams. They're over 500 by the way. That's right. They're the first teams since 1899 to be 20 games below and reach 500. How do you like that? Oh my God. For our game over 500, I believe. Yes, you're right. And they're playing the lame ass. I mean, what's going to be a big series this weekend when the Phillies come to town. Thursday, Friday, a four game series Saturday and said that. That's big because aren't to fill these like a game and a half had nothing. Said he'd go to. Yes. And wild card race. Yep. So they're. Yeah. They're the only two ahead of them. Now in the razor even under 500 now they fall off the map. They choked. They gag. It's the ghost and marred shot coming back to hunt them again because they got too many dark guys on the team. You don't like it. So tomorrow is in the diamond base. We got the pre game in 60. Game as 705 with the coma inducing day van boring and then Eddie K. Follows the baseball game. That's the lineup. Baby, that's the new setting QM lineup, which I'm sure there's a big semis going on the buzz all around the water cooler's all over town. Is here. That's stupid thing they did yesterday in the bargain. Yeah, in the football game. When you think people are talking about that, I'll do it. Where was the new Roger show yesterday on QM? The only one that's got like that big audience, the big numbers. Ah, we aren't that. That's a holiday. Listen, my class. So many emails. They said, would you object if I gave George and Josh to the, what am I going to say? Oh, yeah. Make him work. You're going to bastard like me isn't going to, yeah, he phrased it in such a way. Me and I couldn't refuse. You know, and I've had a lot of money. He made a sign off for the Kenny Walker in the morning because Kenny's allowing him to burden down the show with all the sports segments. They're going to water down the numbers. Nero casting. Clarence, it's all you know, baby. Nero casting. Nero as a witch is. That's right. What a little bit. I believe it. Fat witch. Here's an article from Capitol Hill, blue. Don't be picking on good people. That's bad. Cranky. And I got news for it. I don't think that was Nero either. But never knows. I don't want to think about it. Oh, right in the middle of lunch, oh, God. Are you sick? What is soothing about that from our new fishing show? So, such a survey of text messages during one of the breaks. He said that we, meaning all of us, he, you and I, work with her. And she was doing news over at IOD, but that was working with Sue Cocking. That wasn't the name she was using. So now we have to figure out who it was. She was using a different number to air. It was a boy named Sue. We were up in a few of those. Remember the Jennifer Rammal female news department? A little brand and rose. I think. Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah. She's a blonde if that helps you. We're not talking about women. She's blonde, how old is she about? 80. I guess maybe. I guess I'm about 85. I guess I'm about 85. How old is 45? Yeah, something like that. Well, that's nice, but, you know, that gives us a little bit of a clue. But we work with so many ladies at IOD, even so who we're like real ladies. And then, like I said, there was Brian Andrews. Jackpot has bush going over the edge. Capital Hill Blue, your favorite website. At least he used to be before they. I'm telling you that that is first it's Dan Ratherwood CBS, which is on a much larger scale, obviously. And then Doug Thompson is capital Hill Blue. And these people just disappear, you know. That's what's going on now. An increasing number of Republicans ranging from former conservative congressmen Joe Scarborough, a former president, George Herbert Walker Bush, worried that president George W. Bush's tiniest hold on reality is slipping away and the leader of the free world may be sliding it away full fledged, mental breakdown. Scarborough sounded the warning recently, way to devoted an episode of his MSNBC talk show to the topic. Is Bush an idiot? No, absolutely. Scarborough sounded the warning recently, way to devoted an episode to the topic is Bush an idiot. Other public reports, he Bush's own father is worried about his son's mental state. So I kind to understand that was there, Bush doing his presidency. And they share this concern, right? Jeffrey Steinberg, an executive intelligence review. The word is circulating in high-level Republican Party circles that former president George Herbert Walker, Bush Bush won, is profoundly worried about the mental state of his son, the current president. The source is Bush 41 has been communicating with his own intimate circle, including former national security adviser, Brent Skowcroft, and former secretary of state James Baker, the third, along with former president Bill Clinton about W's over the top support for his bills, current self-destructive assault on love, lesbian on. The expression and report list conveyed to his closest associates that he fears that W is in a messianic state and is unreachable. Let me say it again, on reachable, even by such close advisers of the secretary of state, Condom, please arise. Inside magazine, the on-on publication of The Washington Times, butchers to account, reporting an early August, and for the first time, a rift is developing between W is in Bush over the president's one-sided support for Israel, in the ongoing Israeli defense forces invasion of lesbian on. Bush family inside, to say the former president's concern over a son's mental state was a primary reason, while the president made a rare appearance of the family on the Connecticut during August. Bush rarely visits his father. In fact, NBC News anchor, Brian Williams, recently reported that former president Clinton who defeated the old of Bush after one term, visits his former rival, more often than the W. White House, says, point to the president's increasingly behind B. E. Zabezar behavior and impromptu massage, or a foreign leader at the recent G.A. conference, his pension for farting in front of new Westwing Aides, but I would just definitely care about that. And here again, Paul Chezier, does the old works are played primarily in the west of Shona, not even in the west of the east of Harvard, which is a so often, but Chen was when he started limiting the improvements in football edes, for his real strength, as Green Top in. Oh, that was. His name is Rosie Ross. His pension for farting in front of the New West Wing A and his- I wonder what's two things about that and his rambling often in coherent answers to report his questions. Don't miss a fishing show on Saturday right after the golf show on the ping-pong show. John Dean, the White House Council will help bring down another de-wrains president Richard and mission shares the concern in his book Conservatives without conscience. Dean calls Republican Control Washington a bullying, manipulative prejudice leadership, 18-day-intour a dark era. We have returned to the imperial presidency that existed in the Nixon era, Dean says, we have an unchecked presidency. Are we on the road the fascism he adds? Clearly we're not on that road yet, but it would not take much more misguided authoritarian leadership or thoughtless following of such leaders to find ourselves there. I'm not sure which is more frightening he adds, another major attack or the response of authoritarian conservatives to that attack. Dr. Justin Frank, the prominent George Washington University side countries who wrote Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president, said Bush's lost touch with reality. With every passing week, Bush marches deeper and deeper into a world of his own making. Central the Bush's world is an iron will which demands that external reality be changed to conform to his personal view of how things are and a lot of farting. As far as Bush is concerned, and then you wonder why he was eating with his mouth open air at the G8? No, I don't know. I can like some kind of a youthball exactly. Youthball is the word. Some kind of a homespun downhomed goofball from Aintree. As far as Bush's concern he is telling the truth, as Madeleine Albright recently said to Columbia Magazine, the most serious problem is that George Bush now believes what he says. Like many of my hospitalized patients Bush has created a vast detail, but vague, delusional system he feels compelled to maintain it all cost. This system helps him manage the terrifying anxiety that threatens to make his already endangered inner world more chaotic. Psychoanalytic theories suggest that Bush's true enemy is an aspect of himself. The overwhelming anxiety he works so hard to manage. For Bush, lying remains a central defense mechanism and managing his fears, he lies for most of himself, altering his perception of external return reality to hopefully his second need to maintain order. His anxiety is so great he can't shift or is thinking to account for new information, especially the fact that patriotic families of patriotic soldiers demand that he speak with them. Taking responsibility has always been hard for WW, and taking responsibility for inflicting harm on others a major step in development of maturity is a step President Bush has yet to make. Instead he persist in lying to himself surrounding himself with people who agree with him. And now he's not safe even inside his own closed circle. Dr. Frank is studying Bush's actions and personality extensively, and believes the President needs extensive analisation and help. He needs to be analyzed. It's not too late for Bush to have the second half of his medical psychological testing. Frank says, after his recent press conference, which he kept talking about finishing the job while attacking Democrats for wanting an exit strategy, Bush showed even more telltale signs of a particular kind of mental disturbance which medical professionals call thought disorder, writing in the Huffington Post Dr. Frank continues, I had always felt that his inability to respond to Christ as a scene as a response to an unprecedented Katrina, an Israel's bombing of Lebanon was because he suffered from something called effective flooding or like in Katrina. We're overwhelming anxiety, paralyzes anybody to think we've been functioned, such a response is similar to denial but writ large. It never reminds me of the look on his face when he was sitting there reading at the book to the kids who might pay a vote. Those who observe the President at such moments, thanks to Smugel Filmton, and his historic April 2004 press conference when he was asked to be admitted to any mistakes his president, see that he starts rapid-blooking movements before his eyes lays over and because almost fixed in a blank mindless state stare, this massive disconnection from himself in the outer world is called splitting rounds with farting. But a recent press conference, August 21, 2006 showed that when he is in control, he is not flooded in this way. Rather his splitting takes the form of hatred of reality, and is the term hatred purposefully when he was pushed by a few increasingly frustrated reporters, he behaves like the entry to the alcohol if he is similarly dismissing material reality. When offered a chance to rethink the Iraq War, he becomes obstreparous using sarcasm to both mask it expresses in terms of rage of being challenged. obstreparous, I love that word. I don't even know what, well too bad, Google it. When back in control, he patronizes members of what he calls the Democrat party saying that they're good people and they doesn't question their patriotism. In control, he's a poor man's sister-ro, saying what he's not going to say anyway, reading between the lines he calls his critics, quitters. All of this behavior is in the service of defending himself against reality, something he actively hates. At times his attempts to word off reality make him appear stupid. He is not. Rather internal and external realities are too threatening for him to face. When asked whether he'd been surprised or frustrated by all the bad news from Baghdad, he didn't even understand the question. This is because the very act of facing such questions threatens to destroy his cynically-held preconceptions, this he cannot risk. The employees various coping mechanisms to attack such questions in any way can. Instead of acknowledging personal frustration, he said that word must be frustrating for the national psyche, but his hatred of reality required a more violent approach than after his conference, he said more of those poor Marines back into a world of horror. His ability to dismiss reality is profound, more than a simple method used by his mother Barbara, who said she wasn't going to watch the TV news during the war because locking body bags was for her beautiful mind. Now he has a rugged inner strength, unless confronted by surprise, then enables him to dismiss and destroy personal perception. His mental pulse needs to be taken, not just his physical one. I think that what prevents his doctors from doing so is the fear of what they would find. Without such an examination, where luck would no medical term to describe his mental functioning is private global war on terror which extends to attacks on his own capacity to perceive reality. I'm not examined to present, so it's not proper for me to offer a diagnosis. However, my observation is leading me to believe that he is psychotic, that sort says doctor Frank, not related to Barney Frank. How many of us have been pulled today? The biggest problem in the world is 183. How much George W. Bush? Do you see how long I waited before we added that? Did you do that on purpose? What? Yeah, because we want to give the rest of my head all right, he'll still win. You think? Yeah. What we got from religions got 427. Put it on there now. Please. Put it on there. Now please. 1213 and 560WK. We got the Marlon tailgate party starting at about a half an hour. It's going to be great. We're going to go on and on and on. We're going to analyze every picture to last 25 games. The ones that were high in outside and ones that were low but inside and ones that were like a wild picture or whatever. Let me tell you right now about your feet man. Peter, one of the most important parts of your body. Did you know that? Sure. It's true. Everything like starts you know going to drain from the brain to the heart through the perfect and then right down to your feet. Brand uses the place to take those to cease because it's unbeatable man. That's why they've been around so long. Brand uses that all the major brands. They got floor shine. Echo Mothisto, rockport, huskbuffie, new bounce, all the other big name brands, incises for men and women that every size they've ever been invented and they even carry wild wits and hard to find sizes. And when it comes to personal service man, they really take good care of you to make sure you have a perfect fit every time at an unbeatable price. Go see our good buddy Arnie of Brandies. He'll make damn sure you get the right fitting shoes for your feet. You'll find Brandies at 12.90 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach. Between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side can't miss it. They're in Brandies over every day for your shopping and dancing pleasure. Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5. You know, it's a lot of dancing going on lately. It's good. Mostly like tap dancing. And this week again is a great time to buy a series of series. What is it? It's scary when you think about buying a series. But this week is the time to buy my Brandies because American originals are on sale for only 45.90. Save up to 20 bucks on all of their men's women's sales too. So get your fan asked into Brandies this week or do your shoe shopping right online at BrandiesShoes.com. We're looking at 10 inches. We're looking at the barrel of the certain part of you. Now let's go have more shots. This oil barrel right where the sun does shine. We've got a silver barrel that's we've got a new thing in mind. We'll still are on barrels with what we've grown our land. And we don't need your barrels. You can also bounce in. So let's see the five 60. How about in hurricanes maybe? All right. See that we see more embarrassing than I already was. Twenty four hour build up like. Oh this is going to be the greatest thing since sliced alababe. It's going to be fabulous. It's going to be incredible. And it's a piece of food. And then they lose. That's not what they had. To the dreaded bhabi boudem. And I didn't see on the side on a subbabbi bhabi. Yeah, one of his. Huh? Yeah. And he looked the same as always. I want to get about him. He's a similar redneck man. He just mixed me ill and at Larry Coker how old are you on 90 and my right Josh is he old no one's got to say I mean you know they're all old man but he what do you mean by that a Bobby Bowdoin's like nice his age so he's 180 yeah and Larry Coker's 90 that's a man I might have to be so old to be a coach who horses 175 president speaking of overall out the girl thank you very much mr. President for those very very accommodating gas prices man or man they really make life a sweet for those people who have to drive as one good thing here man I got no car and got no car I don't have to drive you do imagine I'm thinking about it good or gas station here and say take me to your leader seriously no it's not how many how many leaders do we go on for are you asking me metric questions come on let's get whether you idiot you're supposed to be the genius on issue on the fat old faggin you're supposed to I don't do math and I sure is although I was a good man but what's that kind of do it you didn't want to do conversion don't have to learn it don't want to learn how man when I'm used if you don't do conversion if you know I said Jesus is your savior I'll start dominating them that's a wrong one so and whatever it is it's about four I think four a leaders to again about close at one point it was like a buck a leader here so that's four bucks a gallon three point seven eight five four 180 three point seven so let's see so let's say well I would be three seventy a gallon see what I'm saying although I do get good mileage in my vets people think that the Corvette is a gas goes look guess what I'm gonna get me that's sixty it's stingray and I'm gonna pull off the stinger I'm gonna stick it right my heart see that was the problem you told me how that the sewer when I mean stever one yeah Steve is that the the stinger when it well the thing was I'm very down to the sand he didn't know right there as a result he he laid on it and zapped that thing right into his heart so Barb serrated stinger he should have auto left it in their problem yeah he shouldn't have pulled it out and of course once he did it left the hole in his heart assuming he was a heart had a heart anybody would dangled or kid that that's even worse than Michael Jackson was dangling his head over to balcony or whoever's good that really is I mean turn remember that it's his he paid for it it's yeah right he owns it president Bush Mark Labor Day yesterday by promising to help keep US workers competitive and global markets and reduce US relies on foreign oil so it doesn't so Q.S. economic expansion the penance on foreign oil jeopardizes our capacity to grow he said the speech focused on the US economy Democrats content the middle class isn't enjoying the benefits of reason US economic gains and they certainly didn't get those big fat tax cuts for the rich that he's obsessed with the giving all his buddies his base they say sluggish meeting earnings show pay tax to fail to keep pace with inflation and they know rising health through an energy costs average prices at the gas pump have eased over the past month for more than three bucks a gallon from a regular gas to only two seventy nine what a bargone man that's given our consumer leave a bushward against continued here is the best part he wore against continued reliance on oil producing countries where the US is on popular here here now this is this is one of the greatest lines in history the problem is we get oil from some parts of the world and they simply don't like us they hate us for a freedom my Saudi Arabia for example I thought those were his best buddies they don't come no dollar than Prince of dollar and so the more dependent we are and that's have energies is the less likely it'll be will be able to compete and so people can have good high-famed jobs for cities working to advance technology so batteries can power automobiles are giving me a break okay stop the BS baby for the stop the baloney even ask your mayor never smelled so much baloney okay I'll turn it on my ass they have a degenerate a lot I have yeah yeah yeah yeah I could probably well he's part of a lot and I can imagine why can you imagine oh yeah I imagine all the all the blood and his hands and all the business and the destruction devastation he's personally responsible for how much far-dying he's doing you know a lot of people when they get nervous they fart a lot I don't understand that really would sure you're you're a kishki start twisting when you're nervous is that what it is sure well I sure could go for a nice potato kishki room yeah nice gravy on it oh oh for me Steve Connor writes in the independent UK and leave it to the brits leave it to the stargy stuffy brits at least at least some of their media writes a truth you won't get the truth on your network news even if Katie Kirk is on it at bitch ask me how much are we watching that tonight no you're gonna be watching or do you want to see us no I don't watch a lot of that work news to be honest with you get out in here I don't always watch NBC news I always ask you about different things that you said that you always say yes maybe I yeah make me feel like you're a real suit little suit of an lunch that's it if I am watching some news I watch NBC right I don't have them I thought I thought that his interview with Bush was so weak so lame in New Orleans you know so lame right I mean they're walking through these devastated virtual neighborhoods man and nothing all these pushfarts is their manager just they're hanging in fact most of them aren't even back there because they can't go home cities a toilet in fact it was a toilet before Katrina now it's a and now it's like a a stump pump like a septic tank and he's letting them off the hook you know it's just just pathetic ice bubbles reveal biggest rise in CO2 and 800 thousand years but who's keeping track of course if it's 800 thousand years then that makes all those glam and the Jews liars about the world is 6,000 years old universe air bubbles trapped in ice for hundreds of thousands of years have revealed that humans are changing the composition to the atmosphere and a manner that is known no no natural parallel I'm gonna sit again in a manner that has no known natural parallel scientists at the British Arctic Antarctic survey the BAS and Cambridge if father of an eight cycles of atmosphere change in the past 800 thousand years when carbon dioxide and methane of risen to peak levels that's probably the methane is because Bush is farting so much each time the world also experience the relatively are you're gonna start with that Susan crap again or whatever her name is who is she anywhere I said you a picture let's see if it brings a ball with you you did I was posted I was at I'm checking my email here I'm an emphysema very important radio show I think each time the world also experience the relatively high temperatures associated with warm intercomanial periods which were almost certainly linked with levels of carbon dioxide and possibly methane in the atmosphere quit farting in maniacs choice has the right idea however existing levels of carbon dioxide and methane are far higher than anything seen during these earlier warm periods said Eric Wolf of the BAS ice core course revealed the earth natural climate rhythm over the last 800 thousand years when carbon dioxide changed there was always in accompanying climate change he said over the past 200 years human activities increased carbon dioxide well outside the natural range and we have no analog for what will happen next study like that absolutely correct oh my god I want you to panic anything like that just quit farting please especially when we're around especially if it's an nasty egg fart oh must be you know especially if you don't change your clothes a lot 27 past no I don't want to know about the Europeans man he must sleep in their clothes the biggest name is under the list is wheel rotors for radio 560 480 480 well from two another edition of these life was fortals 310 these will miss this hour guest today you know dread you know what you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball I don't know what I've been told with a big woman a god no thought what you're taking on over and under and under the over of the underwear I don't know what I've been told but a big big woman a god no no and what you're taking on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI's but they say you're getting close to sign in that contract I don't know what I've been told with a big leg of woman a god no thought tell us more about your charitable work for under-fribleage children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman and god no thought and we'll be back with more insight life was fortals 27 a one a QA and so I got some bad news for if you emailed me something to either hot mail or Yahoo or any of these things yeah all of these things showed up here hmm maybe only a picture of Susan cocking yes I do ring her silk stockings her well the shuttle was dying check my address and try again or so I bet you pardon check my address and try again what do you mean by that make sure I send it to the right person I'm I said why don't you do that what is I mean is this like rocket science even I can do that okay darje mail and Ali alphadili who what is that right in the interpress service you as losing control fast the US military is lost control over the volatile all on bar province or mackey police and residents say the area to the west of bay that includes for larger ramaadian other towns have seen the worst of military occupation and the strongest resistance and a lot of what should despite massive military operations which destroyed most of the lujian much of cities like the ditha and alchim and ramaadi we'll control of the city now seems to be the hands of local resistance in losing control of this province the west would have lost control over much of a rack we're talking about nearly a third of the area of Iraq off medsallman a historian from philugia told i.p.s. alan bar borders Jordan city and Saudi Arabia and resistance there will never stop as long as there are American soldiers on the ground by the way speaking of all those other oil producing countries that are such enemies of the west like Canada right in Iraq which now view us occupy the resistance teams in control of the province now no government official can do anything without contacting the resistance first government officials in ramaadi abugalib that's his name told i.p.s. abugalib i wonder if he's related to abugar right even the governor used to take their approval for everything when he stopped doing so they should have dead sentence against him and now he can't move without American protection recent waste of rock countless attacks on u.s. troops and he threw ramaadi philugia and on the bag then amon highway amon above the highway that's related to ramaad right up the road several armored vehicles have been destroyed and doesn't the US soldiers killed on the alarm bar province according to both Iraqi witnesses in the west department of fence as your president continues to send all these uh... kids over there to be slaughtered to be fishing a barrel long stretches of the 550 kilometer bag that amon highway which crosses alan bar are now controlled by resistance groups other parts are targeted by highway looters uh... if we import any supplies for the west army or a record that fight is will take them from us and they sell them in local market trader hit your almasawi said and if we import for local market the robbers will take them the stuff the goods the crap i wouldn't this is in the body so many of the tax are taking place within their city they say that the u.s. military recently as citizens in alan bar to stop targeting them and promised to withdraw that their bases in hithana and uh... hithana baya near philugia soon you know where that is how many of them leaving the cities for a rax security forces to patrol forces it's all you know that really good news from a rack for things are going so strongly well rattle for all of our mind ever been there for months are kind of a state you know yes all about he's why he's rattle for a month all i i'm just now noticed that the uh... margin this is chopped off again for a hit when i have his i shoot it well you don't you know we just public new to the isn't this vast in a bohemia but it usually bears itself in more subtle places than the downtown parking lot this is that story about those naked teenagers yes and it's got a picture of them really yes well two guys oh jay and the one of them who he makes care and carpeter look like christie alley alach mcctrson and christ school relax in a parking lot in rattle bar by smuck they're sitting there on a sidewalk and they're in nick of the jay bird this summer group a teenager's disrobed near restaurants bookstores and the town's many galleries anything debate about what the rattle brush of brand of practice long tolerated until now rattle bro tends to be laid back down and pretty accepting of the unusual but this is really pushing limits at least he john martin it's clearly the outrage people it is clearly rebelliousness no by most accounts the stripping started on a women released summer when a young woman said naked on a parkbridge martin said then another woman started taking her shirt off downtown all right a music festival promoting new to the end of the business set up in may in the downtown parking lot attracting new to pull the hoopers they were swan it who put it up by budget yeah last month i have a one of the first season was there last month i have to have the young people bear their bodies in a parking lot in several by the backs of bookstores coffee shops and restaurants it's just an active freedom said 19 year old adi palar were doing so because we can why you picking your nose because i can why you picking your back home because i can why is that all looking himself because he can right right palar said he and the others do not consider nakedness to be an at least sexual or rude and should be confined to that although if you look like these do believe me it's rude and crude all the beris get his race in my browser even in the town of 12,000 residents that seem clothing optional optional swimming holes speakers and an event known as breast best which featured women periding topless all right palar's people it's not a big deal said Catherine Kaufman 57 who calls brahdlebro and is this is something missing oh actually who calls brahdlebro a don't take away too many of my rights kind of town and everyone's books that's been able to store co-owner rich guy del fifties said the parking lot may not be the most appropriate place for nudity but as long as people are polite don't block the entrance we don't ask them to leave to others it's disturbing and something more than harmless rebellion it's a bad image for brahdlebro said ozi cucko golloo 43 cucko something co-la who owns the sundry to made a restaurant at the far of the parking lot which is long as been a teen hangout they're a little fried and they go to get sundried for months note that no state laws against public nudity but communities can write their own bands at least eight cities in town to the anti-nutty ordinances accordingly for monthly good towns and cities so far brahdlebro shows enough adjoin them but the teenagers is rubbing may change that officials in the southeast for Montana about 80 miles west of Boston are researching how other communities have responded nudity has been used for social protest and rebelliousness for years this summer nude bicyclist wrote through burlington for mom to purchase the countries will not sound oil part of an event known as the world naked bike ride pita oh your favorite your favorite organization in the world pita right that's the one pita people for the ethical treatment of animals is often used nudity as a shock tactic to draw attention to treatment of animals and research and fashion the fifty thousand member of american association for nude recreation espouses nude recreation inappropriate places but doesn't use nudity for social commentary or a vaguestice or an act of civil disobedience at marijane colasa rhymes with watch your assa and for my voters have shot down nudity bands before prompted by complaints about nudity and sexual activity is swimming whole the woman to select board past an anti-nutty ordinance in 2002 but supporters of the freedom to skip the projected abandon the public vote they let the people vote on we said we like naked yeah there were some ugly moments in the debate i see them in this picture with some name calling in lots of good healthy debate about reasonable rights and responsibility out of those rights said women can turn clerk suzi how well oh no not suzi cocking suzi how well how well of course was more sure how they would have uh... forced a band in a what extent she said for now grab a rose language options and waiting for some return to fall as soon as winter comes there won't be a story no more she said no more do do do do do then i want to freeze their private or sergeants or curals is the great that we got all these retired military people are going to be these talking as a pop up pop up and that great well it's good they can find a job the vehicle is an amazing almost all of them are right wing uh... soccer was it's the distance the distance on how we see the sting raise man there's a one after another there's john stain and stain he's uh... uh... in strand stinger right please be on he's going to be on the right here you're going to miss that uh... yeah sir and this i have a step forward game last night did we miss that i'm not sure she was there yes i was and what you want to say was the game really as bad as uh... everything that we're talking about it and well i was i saw about like i said it's second of it was worse for me because i was there and it was raining in fact i saw uh... f i see you had like thirty and sixteen and a quarterback drop back and had all day the sort of one heaver like about twenty yards over to receivers head and i turned it off that was that that's what i saw begin well here's a crocodile tracing stirwin around cross-eve and there is with a little kid or they're not going to show them holding that little kid up again and just teasing the crocodile would it i'm going to tell you all you people out there that endanger your little kids anybody else who can't protect themselves the lord will uh... strike and smite you and stick up right through your uh... the heart is there so far to the last of this is and over 100 has been on watch video five sixty five see you good evening i'm Dan weather on special time at tour she may have seen you thanks to the russ-sht it's like you won't be waiting for sir into the middle east mo The Queen of England is the only at O'Crab. Brains of the violence rests clearly on Hamas' brother. And in Pakistan, of all days report three protesters were injured today, and individuals fell on their head. The situation was combated by the news from Tehran that Iran was producing its own Adam N. Reporting live from Tundam and then rather Shiniya Shrivinging. Now I see it. But the other one, that's all up, folks. South 48 and 560, every three of you are email still doesn't come through. I don't know where to turn out. Maybe you're sending it to the same place where clearance sent the trends on Friday, week you were Friday. We can't fact things stuff to God or anyone knows where. Probably to an outer space. Maybe the trends are in Uranus or on Uranus. 1155, O'Crab, and the biggest problem in the world is Religion 447, what are you sending it to? Hotmail or yeah, yeah, yeah, you're hotmail. And not coming through. Probably blocked. You know, I'm quite pretty sure that there's a thing on our says if any pictures of Susan Caingham through here, they will be blocked in it. Religion 447, get rid of it, get with the real world, okay? And stop at a hoax, poke us in the Hebbi G.B. Okay, spiritually Hebbi. That's what Bush said, enough for them hebbi's. Ignorance 289, Read 94, overpopulation 72. And of course, we wouldn't be overpopulating if the religion is to work like anti-contam And then have birth control and if the Catholics weren't still preaching at our kick, I got rid of them to Crab. Yeah, we're the my ass, really? That's a relief. That's what we find numbers, baby. That's what it's all about. How many babies can you make to support Jesus? That's it. Jesus wants you to make a lot of babies. In Torah, it's 51, especially if you can't feed them. Sports talk radio 42, it's 2 a head of terrorism which is only got 40. In fact, I think that sports talk radio is a form of terrorism. When you, at least a form of torture, unterfied. Although I do like those 24 or 20 parties. All right. Yeah. Let's have another one tomorrow. What's Thursday? Oh. No, we can have it on tomorrow. Starting at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning and running 36 hours. Pomerity 38, here 24, George W. Bush wasn't even on there before he's got 21. See, you said he was going to zoom to the top, not sure if he will. No. I hate this pool 15 disease 13, global warming only 10. They don't care about that. Even that thing about the carbon dioxide. They don't care about that. They do care about the methane, especially when it's coming from your president's. Right. Right. How do you like that thing about him farting at the new reporters? Yeah. He's going to show them who's boss. I mean, what are you going to say if the president farts in your face? Oh my God. Yeah. Of course, what do you really say if anybody farts? I mean, he's a jack. Take that hot side. They wore me before you do you want to say that? It depends on who it is that cuts it. What if your bell who was in there this morning in the studio? What if he would have farted real bad? Well, you said, oh my God. Good job. Oh, I was wonderful. I know you would not. I'm going to sit in there. You would have just got a chance. First time I didn't hear anything. I'm going to wrap you up. You know it's like, oh, that's how you would have gone. It was kind of like that. It was kind of like that. It was kind of like that. People who lie a lot have a farting pro. Because he was that's all he ever said, basically. Evied. Tell us in the authority, Chairman Machmuda Bazaar. I love saying Machmuda, man. I love that much of that rock majited ed. Yeah. Rock and roll high school man with Vince Van Tenten. God, he sure was pretty. Oh, and let me continue to tell you what else I'll admit it. Because he's ever a holdy is now heard or. No, assignment on that. I thought seven people was off the air already, but they sure as I'll show it on all my cable channels. About 4,000 times last night you had a choice between the football game or 7, 7, 7. I mean, out of 800 channels. It's not a lot of channels. Are they showing, I guess they're not reruns because everybody on the show is older, including Simon. Hey, Simon. Anyway, Palestinian authority Chairman Machmuda Bazaar can affirm today that a deal and they reach to secure the release of kidnapped idea soldier. Corporal Gilad Shalik, you know, that ugly kid with a glasses looks like Robert We're running a band there. No. And a big gaby. He's got a big. He's got Jeldi's beak and a wrist and looks like Robert. Nured. A boss told Machmuda, based newspaper, L. Haliz. I wonder if Michael Jackson read that. He's in Machmuda, me. That's what I heard. Anyway, I've asked to old the newspaper that Shalik would be transferred to Egypt and held there until Israel fulfilled its part of the bargain. Earlier, Channel 2 News, that's not your channel to this in Israel. Report it that the kidnappers at Pirmish to release news of the soldiers welfare by tomorrow. The announcement came after the Egyptian newspaper L. High-Out. Report it that Shalik has already been transferred to Egypt as part of the other security Israelis. He's an Egypt where he'll be safe with a ferry, a ferroist. And the Pirmish. I want you to tell me how they built those Pirmish. You know, some of the best, two-bed the Jackson by your HD say it like he promised to. He's got his. Right. He's got his. He's got his. He's got his. He don't care about you. No. Right. But you could see like on discovery and the Joshua beard is out. Some of the most interesting stuff is the best. Wow. The best. And I can't wait until I release. You notice how there's there keep talking about the fact that there were video taping that show with the store when I mean Steve or one. And they're not showing it. You know what I'm saying? It'll be on YouTube in a couple of days. Well, the police confiscated the tape as evidence for their evidence. I'm having a list of these. The cell is the best. The tabloid somebody don't have it. Somebody will pay the photographer like 20 of $0. And then it'll be all over the internet. And then you're going to have to be on YouTube. You are sure you have to. You know, I know that's us. So I just. Silly. Of course that's the brit thing you know. Of course the people from India are a little bit silly too. They're pretty. Especially that whole business where you know if the woman's family doesn't have the Valerie this killer. Yeah. That's kind of said fire to her. Well, they're not all that civilized sometimes. Of course that's a brit thing. The brit's unsivolized the whole world. Just like George Bush is trying to do right now through everybody to a bunch of freaking bar variants. But I'll say freaking because Kenny Walker said the effort four times is one. Did he? No. Well, not on the air. No. After you were warning them about clearance and how he's trying to destroy their show. Hey, Clarence. You're going to be toast pretty soon sweetheart. I think I think toast has been he's been chosen to assassinate their Clarence and then the hallway. He won the contest. Well, yeah. He's going to be a great party. I'm going to have to ask the water not see is going to won't be anybody lurking in the hall to see who done it. That's a good question. How do you put the trial on court TV and have Nancy Grace come in? Yeah. There we go. Hey, it's 117 a friend 1173 votes the biggest problem in the world is religion 455 ignorance 291 greed 95. I'm looking good. That'd be good for radio station greed 95 as opposed to I 95. I wonder how many people remember I 95. I remember that. Third man Keith Eisen was a program director who used to sit in his used to coming to work about two in a morning and sit there. Now actually coming in, like around midnight because I'd be living a midnight and he would just let me orifice if they're all on end of Dark Eating Aficiags. Strange dude. ignorance 294 greed i 95. Over population 73 in tolerance 51 sports rock radio 42 terrorism 40 poverty 38 George W Bo Stearned. up now 28, fear 24, I hate this full only 15 disease to routine and global warming 11, I don't know, 1179. Most Americans are angry about something, are you angry? You know, it comes to how the country is running, they are more, by the way, get out there and vote today, it's the primary baby. I'll give you Republicans, get out there and vote for Charlie Christ so we can have a governor. When majority of Americans surveyed in the higher percentage than we recorded during the same time last year, said things in the US are going badly, bad as in woe as us and how it would be, I'll give saying woe as us. Josh was asleep by that part of the movie. Among this year's respondents 29% said pretty badly and 25% I'm from 15 and I'm going to answer very badly. By comparison, 37% described the way things are going fairly well, only, how many% but for someone said very well? Yeah, only nine said very well. All of these people, 76% said there was something to be angry about in the country today. By comparison, 59% said that way back in February when they took their temperature. Only 21% said they were generally content in the latest pool. People are pissed off and fired up, baby. Now let's hope they continue that until November 2 months away. Too much from today, I believe it is. And that, too much from today. Okay. But of course, we'll probably have an October surprise, a very early November surprise. The biggest obstacle to rise there went to the basis of the year rotors, 420560. How AM? This is Tammy Fibiker, and even though I'm Tammy, I still listen to the one to two hours. He bites the Lord. All right, guys. It's closed. But you're moving. Now there's a number of everything. Even for a bigger thing, I'm laying small low on the make-up. All of them make your hands grow in. All of them make your double chin if you are a trouble getting the sleep. Come and see if Jennifer's group ever ever young. One bomb, you'll be truly dreaming, not a deep. Boba Taylor, then you're done. What? Now there's a total for red green thing. If you find a bomb for red green, make an giant cooling distance. The fear, don't go to the wall, one would be here now. There is no need to offer red red. If you're always going number one, I'll find it in ball max. To strengthen your heart rate. Boba Taylor, then you're done. Now there's a total for red green thing. If you find a rash, call me your last thing. If you're feeling depressed, don't you crack. After Dr. Judy, if you're from that, if you're not careful having sex, you'll be morning, it's a moment with a bomb, you'll fall at the clinic. Dr. Paul Malzman, Boba Taylor, then you're done. Now there's a bill for red green thing. Even for allergies and must-brain. If your children looking for the bill, make them better with some lamb still. There's plaid, express story, make the young young. Bill, if you have quicker than a gun, I'll fall outside of X-ray produce nipple nom. Boba Taylor, then you're done. Four, four, go in a line. My head in. Go in. Get yourself a thrust, quick shot. Boba Taylor, then you're done. One, one, and five, 60, WCM. Can you correct they've used on CBS tonight? Any interest? No. No. I mean, I wouldn't watch around the video show. So I don't know what I want you to do. Right. And assistant youth football coach. See here's some must-for-stuff. Who says we're not a sports show, right? Hey, parents, you and any, we just took a vote. An assistant youth football coach was arrested on charges of felony child abuse. After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police, it's an in Stockton, California. I wonder if that was named after that very mediocre Dick Stockton. He's probably listening right now. The NFL season starts what? Thursday? Yeah. What the doofins? Oh, and then I see Betl Rossus Burger ain't going to be planned. Emergency surgery. Now, I get out of here. And they probably give him a bag of money, you know? Look, emergency surgery, my ass. He's not going to be planned so the dolphins might have a chance. Because the Steelers would mop the field up and you know that, right? If he was planned? Yes. That's a shame. And the papia sir, who they open again? So you don't know. And the bucks? That's your team? I don't know. I got the... I got the... I got the... It's one of those things that once it gets started, you get into it. But all this foreplay on this station and of course, cross the street home. Corey Petero, 36 of Riverbank turned himself into stuck in police Saturday night, following a late hit that turned into a brawl with parents and children from both teams fighting on the field. Lovely. And there's a picture over there. It's like a major brawl broke up. The incident was recorded on video tape and for like $100, you can see it. Referee Tim Weinack said he had just called a penalty on Brian Wood, 13 of stuck in Bears Player. There was a penalty on the plate. It was a late hit one. I said the pair of the kid who got hit took her section to it and came charging out of the field. Daniel Champion who identified himself as Wood's his father till the stock and record. That his son suffered bruises on his stomach and jaw from the ass salt. Poor baby. The brawl erupted around 330 feet and were less a minute left to play between the River Oak Redskins and the stock and Bears. Fighting continued for about 20 minutes. No major injury reported police are continuing to invest in this situation. That's something. This is all the teach kids goods forcemanship and crap like that. Anybody believe in that? Of course not. To offer a beat of brains in baby. That's the American F and way. What is that obnoxious? What's the hulzard name again? The one that had the mic open that they had the pick. Here are Phillips. What is Harry Reed? What's he saying? The significance of the United States. So we he is a emblematic of what the Democratic Party has become. We. We he's like a really cause to be a politics. Report. The administration has failed to. And I'm pretty him fairly speak. This is the spokesman even Brian Murray. Bigger better spokesman. Even though we can't say it. Robert Fisk America's aggression is fueling your streamism. Says your man's ex president. You know that's Robert Fisk who lives in Lesbian on and writes for the independent UK. But he isn't Chicago when he wrote this. Probably a good idea to get there a lot of Lesbian on. He says is the West War on terror burns across the Muslim world. One of his lungs most principal leaders. The former Iranian president Mohammed Katami. That's the one that the Rick Sanform was having a fit about. Letting into the country. I say issued a grave warning from the very heart of America. The country whose troops and allies are fighting Islamist across the Middle East. And war that's costing thousands of Muslim lives. And of course hundreds of billions of dollars. The policies of the New York Conservatives have created a war that creates more extremist and radicals. You'll totally independent in Chicago. The events of 9.11 gave them the ability to create fear and anxiety. And to create new policies of their own and now events are creating an expansion of extremist on both sides. A struggle is underway to dominate this world multilaterally. We are witness to war with suppression from one side. And extremist reaction in the form of terror from the other side. Katami appeared in improbable figure in the breakfast room of Wansha Kauros, smartest hotels. The rest is black turban and long gown. His spectacles giving him the appearance of a university dawn, which he once was rather than the sear of Iran, a man who demands for a civil society democracy at home. We're overwhelmed by the aesthetic clerics who surround the supreme leader, Iotrole Kameini. Yet he is enormously important in Asunia as well as in the Shia Muslim world as a philosophers scholar, which is probably why the Bush administration gave him a visa, animistic card and American expressed gold card. Well, I think it was a platinum. And its message was the sharpest he's ever delivered to the Muslim world and the secular west. The former president of Iran said, we have to find ways to confront these people on both sides. We need public opinion to be influenced now the New York Conservative policies have created this sort of order, which I would say you are. But Mr. Kutami, who defended Iran's role in the nuclear crisis between the West and Tehran, he asked why Israel was allowed nuclear weapons while refusing to sign the nuclear non-proliferation act, to not spare the perpetrators of what he called the Union of Maintainerist attacks of 9-11 2001. I was one of the first officials to condemn this barbaric act. This inferno would only intensify extremism in one side of this and would have no outcome except for retardages and intellect and sacrifice for justice and humanity he be sent. Addressing 15,000 American Muslims over the weekend, Kutami also made a clear result on influence of Israel's political lobby in the US. We are unfortunately witnessing the emergence of policies that seek to confiscate public opinion in order to exploit all the grand organization in country of the United States. Policies that are the outcome of a point of view that despite having no status in the US, public arena as far as numbers are concerned, uses the decisive lobby groups and influential centers to utilize the entirety of America's powers and wealth to promote its own interest into a plan policies outside US borders that have no resemblance to the spirit of Anglo-American civilization and the aspiration of its founding fathers or its constitution causing crisis after crisis in our world. While when he spoke at the vast and all encompassing presence of powers who were expressed concerned for the world, but implement policies aimed at devouring the world, there was a sense of shock among the audience. They had an expected such an epic denunciation of US agemony from a divine known for its compassion rather than his anger. Any popular or democratic change or transformation of his outside the realm of their influence is not acceptable. He said, for they find it far more convenient to deal with non-nationalistic and non-popular trends and regimes rather than popular ones who actually tend to care about the wealth or the physical interest of their people. Thus did Mr. Katami dispose of Erf's cry for democracy and the so-called new Middle East. Needless to say, his words were scarcely given a few seconds on America's major news channels. Mr. Katami's wisdom is not wanted in Washington. There is John Stainley again, the store once vandier. I mean, Steve Erwin. Criteres and tributes, man. This is the hysterical story. Do you sure we have to have one every day? You know, Steve Ray, now that John and A, now that we found out about John Mark Carr is just another fruitcake, well, we got to find something. So the media is probably ecstatic that this system. They probably tended to answer the same thing right there then as well. When you think, Criter, they probably took the N video. We got 127 votes on the full. I'd better say that's on the front page of the hero tomorrow, man. So let me say it again. Are you Spineless clowns who pretend to be journalists and I use that term very loosely at the Sun Center on the Harold and the Palm Beach Post. This radio station over the weekend, they put over one of the worst forces in the history of broadcasting and using word very loosely. And not one of you people, at least I didn't see it, it comes. Maybe I missed some of them. I don't think so. Nobody had the cohones to say, well, what did this grace that was? You said, first, right? First, say parts. First, not parts. That's George Bush, okay? Maybe he knows Rosy Ross's name? Rosy Ross. So that sounds like his trumpet to me. Let's hear it again. We answered, that's Rosie. It's smell rosy. You know that bit of restrooms smells like roses? I've heard all restrooms smells like rosy. Because 100 years old he's still driving. I'll tell you one thing, boy. I wonder if he gets a 60-week-noodle in the mail. I can flirt. Well, when I tell people that they look at me like, ah. And like that's true, we had to begin to the show about that British guy who was blind and no eyes. And he gets a ticket for like driving on the wrong side of the road. Plus his other informities, what to say? No legs, no arms, no eyes, no ass. But other than that, he was doing a hell of a heck of a good driver. Definitely. He sure would be good in sunrise, like, maybe. Give her a similar rose bass. 1210, WCA, you fill it off you, man. Do I know my AM radio? Or what? No, seriously, when you lived up north, I've told you this a million times when you lived up north, there was big 50,000-what. Those clear, whatever, what would they call? Clare channel. That hit nothing with the company. I had to do with the frequency they run. The clear channel meant that there was no other station lot on that frequency. And then there was like between the west coast and the east coast, rappers. Well, you know what I mean? Otherwise they would have like, distance them in miles away. But of course now, I forget about that. Now, AM radio is like that. Real garbage. Although it would sound you to sure though, it wasn't HD though. Yeah. Try to duplicate that across the street, huh? HD. HD, my ass. Who would have a naked with lepious sight? And I'm hearing so many rumors about those going over there. And I, even the Yidlach, that Joel Fineberg and Daddy, who's tired of losing all my money. In fact, the latest rumor I'm hearing is, the biggest name. So the best challenge. What the fuck is that? We were a radio 560. Can you run this big hole? Now, let's see, and up in the hole. No, see, 80, 40 is, ha ha ha ha. He's for not a paradise, you've had your skinny, holy ass insurance, that I hear you. Hey, yeah. See, fool, you, well. Your daddy rules him now. Take the car, go, turn it back to ammo, tow, to know which wells and smells. All the time, you're on the new, who's sick and get another news, new, we poison that See, Ray Marns. They point their camera low when you're on a fun day, Joel. To see your fat days in, oh, oh. Obnoxiously, but they're in. It's permandizing ignorance, I've told you, child, we probably can't loud. The media got you over and with enormous manly hands, and the biggest that I'm sapo in town. Oh, oh, oh, oh. 14 at 560 WQM excraming, thank you, Jesus, landed a man behind bars, and not too soon. Really? A judge in Honolulu held offended junior stowers in contempt of court because he made the spontaneous up-first adjoie after the jury declared him innocent of abusing his son. Stowers family in their pastor walked in shock as he was marched off to a cell after circuit church Patrick Boarder declared, there'll be no more of that. Susan Arnett, the deputy public defender who represented stowers in the contempt case, says, his family in pastor were very upset that those words could land someone in jail. I don't think there's anything about saying, thank you, Jesus, that rises to the level of contemptuous behavior in this case. Pretty contemptuous to me, isn't it? Sure. Still the judge's landstowers, non-verbal gestures and operas to be disruptive and improper, regardless of content. Stowers, 47, 6 hours behind bars, before the judge granted him hearing on the contempt charge, a misdemeanor that carries a sense of, you know, how many days in jail? I'm sorry, man. At the hearing, the judge dropped the contempt charge after hearing the star's lawyer for the child abuse trial had not told him about the judge's order for both sides to refrain from any shows of emotion when the verse was read. Stowers was charged with hitting his 15-year-old son with a broomstick. He was acquitted after the board we can't have this testimony. Probably because Daddy's trying to do it again. Like Daddy promised to take the broomstick again. Yeah, put it someplace else. You think? Possibly. See, here's the examiner. Here's a dog in the wheelchair. Whitney's mirror is his over. It's kind of a over. She got a dump Bobby Brown, so she can know some of it. It's a matter of fact, terrorists or some of him, with sort of a sister with Whitney Houston, he thought about having her husband, Bobby Brown killed so he could marry her and move into one of his mansions. How do you like that? In her blackbuster book, Dyeri of a Lost Girl, poet and writer, Colah Booth says the 49-year-old Al-Qaeda mastermind wanted Whitney even though she was an American, a musician black and married to a rapper. Been lawdden told me Whitney was the most beautiful woman he's ever seen, pens Booth 36, who claims he held her as a sex slave in 1996. He said he had a paramount desire for Whitney, and although the claim music, he claimed music was evil. He spoke of some day spending vast amounts of money to go to America to meet the superstar, all the music of course is evil. First of all, he wanted to give Whitney a mansion that he owned in a suburb of Cartoon, capitalists who'd been. Cartoon, not an eraser, but nevertheless. He explained to me that to possess Whitney, he would be one of the most famous Alex Rocco, who was in the George Carlin Show. George Carlin was on biography last night, and he showed a couple of clips from his short live band TV show, and it was Alex Rocco on her. I thought, that's all green. Yeah. And you know what I was sure he was no green was when he said, You know who I am? I'm no green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. He wanted to give Whitney a mansion he owned in a suburb of Cartoon, he explained to me that to possess, kill that bitch. He explained to me that to possess Whitney, he'd be willing to break his color wool or make a one of his wives. She's nasty. You have her? Well, I mean, she may have looked like 20 years ago. Uh huh. So then born Booth. Now, right after the NBC soap opera days of our lives, says good loud. Yes, they do. They all sound the same. Says good loud, not to talk about how be. Yeah, if you're going to play Whitney Houston, I'm going to get Susan Cocky and the phone. Give me a talking to. You're going to get her doing what on the phone? Talking. Oh, Susan talking. I've been laughing off and talking about how beautiful Whitney is. But brainwash by American culture and by her husband, who most I'm going to talk about having killed, is if we're normal to have women's husband's killed. Well, it was good enough for Robert Blake, right? That's right. In his brief case, I would come across photos of her as well as copies of Playboy. Soon I was sick of hearing Whitney Houston's name. She said, I like that. Copy's a playboy and I said, see they're all about your fakers. Oh, yeah. I'm just going to shoot. It's all a big act, baby. It's all phony baloney. Oh, good talk. Excellent. What is your present? Continue to attack across the world. Yeah, I'm sure you will. Here's the game plan. 12, 20 on the pool, man. We've got a shot of like, kill her already. What is with you? Whitney Houston. Going there in the shoot. I'm Josh. Sixth of district pleasure. She's a. He's got her. His. He's got her. He's got her. He's got her. He's got her. I'm going to tell you one more burst of Whitney and you're finishing the hour, I think. What the. What the. Thras me. I'm waiting. I'm looking just for an excuse. I'm hungry. I'm going to have lunch right now. Are you fucking me? Yes. Bob for trackers and Harvey Washington. Say we're saving the ballot evidence from Ohio 2004. How many articles of these guys have I read about? guys if I read. But turn man. Have you read their book? What happened in Ohio? No. But this is one thing the main scene meeting. Now John Kerry, you finally, you know, he's screaming in the out of our all the way to late John. Firstly, based on our comic, Pinko, a Fag audience out there. They don't want no part of your career. They rather have Al Gore. They rather have Albert Anastasia anybody. And we're Albert Anastasia. No. Remember to sign the movie and the song by Tacul and Anastasia on dot records. I bet you're a chicken egg from our brisette. Why don't we kick an egg if you send me any more discs like the one that the both of ones you send last week. Bye bye. I just kind of offer a few months. You know. Moody River Pat Boone. I'm dot records. What's done? It's a Pat Boone. The week this I know you're going to start with him now. You ever? It was Whitney Houston. That's Pat Boone. Although if you want to kill some good time. It was all about impotent stuff. All right. And you're the only one who listens to this friend. It's right. I'm locked up. You can go ahead and help. Yeah. I have to get up to noon. I believe Uncle Neil was searching for a name of us. Guy in the fishing business. You used to call in Hong Kong. Mikey Reneri. Yes. And that was Al parent who runs the Bahamas built this championship and Alwood Collins in the bottom. I'm still safe to run. I remember that report. And I think it just gives you all the heads up and hang up and listen to the local. Thanks a lot, Palmy. Listen to the dribble. Sure. It was a bad. Is there a basketball game on? Oh, it must be. Yeah. He's dribbling it. Sometimes I dribble. This weekend was to be D. Day in Ohio at Mark the September second deadline. After which federal law allows the destruction of Balsam the 2,000 for election. It didn't happen. At least on the statewide basis. Thanks God. But the fight to preserve the vital evidence is far from over Republican election officials here have been here meaning in Ohio. Trump again to bits of shred burn or otherwise destroy the ballots and other related materials from the dubious vote count that came George W Bush's second term and of course he's all done all these dead people. Yet in several rural Southwest Republican dominated counties you have to trip over boxes of ballots and election material from earlier elections dating back as far as 1977 in order to see the stickers destroy a 9306 on the 2004 ballot boxes. J. Kenneth Blackwell, the Republican Secretary of State is running for governor. He's got no chance by the way. His dual role is the administrator of the election and state co-chair of the Bush Taney campaign as raised deep seated embarrassment and iron throughout the Buckeye state. There's a lot of iron. Member Jane Eyre, sure. The disturbing revelations of irregularity stepped in frog continue to pour from the ballots still stood by election boards around the state. Statistion doctor Richard Hayes Phillips has been instrumental in the research process along with the volunteer co-prove election protection activists. This summer, Dr. Ron Vayman of Loyola also analyzed ballots and other election records from the 2004 election and a project funded by the CICJ. Many have spent countless hours pouring through and photographing piles of voter records and thousands of ballots. Some of them stay in filthy leaky warehouses. What a thankless job that is photographing piles. Through this work, the evidence that the 2004 election was still in continues to build, we will cover some of these new revelations in a future piece, say Bob and Harvey. Unfortunately, some vital materials already been destroyed by various county election boards. Fear is of also been expressed that some B.O.A. is might ignore the new orders to preserve the ballots. Some of 2004 election workers have already been indicted in Kaya Hogan County. A major partisan battles are uploaded in the Democratic stronghold of Cleveland over the absence of executive director board of elections, Michael Voo, for Kaya Hogan County. Not only a Democrat, Voo only holds his position because as a part of Kaya Hogan County B.O.A. Chair Robert Bennett, also the chair of the Ohio Republican Party. Bennett and his fellow Republican on the election board are keeping Voo from being ousted by the Democratic Party originally appointed him. Ironically, the state of Florida saved his ballots from 2000. A concerted campaign by academics and other interested parties gathered enough political cloud to force Governor Jeff Bush and Secretary of State Catherine, I have no chance to be billed in the Harris in order that those records be moved away. State repository in Tallahassee, where they're now air conditioned and protected for a future in our generations. I'd like that. Just for Hill and Kabul soccer stadium. Sharker Spadeon. Until this past week, Blackwell has made clear was intended to rid himself of the remnants of 2004, but a week prior a legal team including Columbus based preferred iron and back filed notice with Blackwell that action would be taken to preserve the evidence. Now, like it's going to make a difference, you know, like we can turn a clock back and say, oh, yes, what carry one? Now all the dead people are going to come back to life, right? These are great. They say there can be no compromise. See, here he goes, pelling this crap again, but a deep buddy Boop, but about ain't working and ain't going to work. I mean, I realize there's a lot of stupid people out there, but not that stupid. Nobody is that stupid. 1235 votes. I think we got to shout out what, um, maybe I don't think 13, huh? I don't know. What are 13 hundred votes? On the day after Labor Day, you got to be kidding me, man. This must be a battleman for those guys across the street. And also a battleman for clearance because this proves beyond the shadow of 1235 votes. That's more than they had people listening to that tailgate party for the whole 24 hour period. Even Joe Bell had missed that. He said it was the dumbest piece of garbage he ever heard in his life. And now he's taken to a nudity instead of calling him. He calls him uh, uh, Darrell now. When I talked to Joe on Friday, he refers to him as Darrell instead of Josh. And that isn't just, you know, to differentiate between the shot. I don't think he was Josh and either. He refers to him as Darrell. To me, that's the first indication, okay? That the fall from grace can't be far off because anybody that would program this radio, any radio station in the way that this sports nerd child has done. That person deserves to a quick trip to Stark. Stark or at least some Stark reality. He is speaking of broom handles man. There isn't any of them too big for him. I just mentioned that in case toast might be listening. That'd be a good way to do the deed. What do you think Susan would say about that? Don't forget about our new fishing show on QM coming up this Saturday or it and it started this past Saturday, right? Yes. And it's for two hours that's right. Jesus God, we're a salty salt, a riceman when we need him. I guess I must have lived in sorry soda when I saw that salty salt. WTVT is that channel 13, TVT in Tampa? Come on, you better get with it. You guys, you better start. You're supposed to be a baby. Are you grow up there? Josh? No. Tampa Brandon? I lived there for two years. Well, so what did you watch the Brandon television stations come on? Give me a break, Mr. start talking and you're speaking lace. Talk a turkey. Well, seriously, you don't know channel 13 in Tampa? No, not really. How old were you at that time? My first two years of high school. You were at high school. You know almost a television stations were what kind of a mora I knew graduate at high school? Not to come up there. Oh, that must have been in coral springs. No. Where were you graduate at high school? Right up the screen here. How do it is street? Yeah, Hollywood Christian school. How do we would Christian school? He'll cry. You know it. Oh my God, that explains a lot. 27 pastime. We could put a little bit of the speech by your president on there. According to their public hot, Joyce probably won't permit it because he might fart in the middle of it. The biggest thing you've so best challenged for the biggest is who you're Rogers for, is where you'll five, sixty. You're okay. You're okay. God, you're breath so beautiful. Well, he's a drama has he had to be? Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and then I said my little granny. Oh, he's an engineer that's crappy. Oh, well he's a drama has he had me come a day of belly. Well he's a president who's done who's done have to run. No one else has gone away. He might as well just go right in. She died. She died. She died. She died. He hasn't called the crew. He was born with the possessed. So look out all you do. Oh, it ran away for the dad. He's a fella. He's a daddy. Oh, he's in our civil rights for whammy. Oh, why did the fella have me? Daddy's a luteer. Daddy's a daddy. Well, he do with Larry's huge food never takes his dues. I'm scared. Well, he's cruising hard. She died. She died. She died. Any smart food in that grave? Against buddy, okay, why do you think they call it cover? Victoria landing right. He's a dollar out of the 90s. Oh, he's a baby. Oh, yeah, he's a talent at the level. Yeah, Bush is right about one thing, man. And that is we got a really the wary of fashism. 254 votes. It means we got 46 to go in at 27 minutes. It says about like about two a minute, right? Right. We can give the 13 every day. If we get to 13, everybody to a clock, I might come back through them and other show. Because the next week starting 9-11 is back to this five day week. I don't see how that's going to happen. I don't, I just don't envision it. You know what I mean? I envision it frequently. Do you really? I can't even imagine what that's like. Getting up every day, coming in here, coming in, getting all going all the way to work. Swap them through traffic. Nearly 70% of recovery workers are responded to the attacks on the World Trade Center of suffered lung problems and high rates of lung abnormalities continue. A new health study released today shows. Thank you very much for your heroism and in reward we're going to be lung disease. Doctor, which of course is very little of this is talked about. It's not good, not good for the program. But I find the male threat to the... Yeah, you are. Doctors at Mount Sinai Medical Center of New York which conducted the study said the results proved that working in the toxic, great, dusty ground zero made many people sick and some will likely suffer the effects for the rest of their lives. There should no longer be any doubt about the health effects of the World Trade Center. Our patients are sick. Said Dr. Robin Herbert, co-director of the group that investigates the long-term effects of exposure to the deaths at the site. The study, the largest involving health issues linked to the 9-led attacks and is to be published Thursday in the Journal Environmental Health Perspectives as days before the fifth anniversary of the Towers Colants. Which you can see the whole thing on CNN all over again. Next Monday, all day, they're going to re-show the whole of the other original coverage. Just in case you forgot about it. It focused mostly on what's been dubbed the World Trade Center cough which was a little understeer to meet the land for the attacks but has become a chief concern of health experts and advocates. It also found that lung ailments tended to be worse among those who arrive first at the site. Findings highlighted by the study include almost 70% of World Trade Center respondents had no more worse and lung symptoms after the attacks. Among we spotters who had no health symptoms before the attacks, 61% of all lung systems were working on the toxic pile. And a third of those tests had had normal lung function tests. And lung function tests. We spotters had had normal abnormalities that are rate double that expected in the general population. Those had normalities persisted for months and in some cases years, after the exposure they said. The report comes as public concern over the fate of ground zero workers as risen. In a class action lawsuit against the city and its contractors, 8,000 workers in civilian plane 9, 11, 4, sinusitis, cancerous, other elements that have out to be attacks. The doctors were joined by New York politicians who probably the federal government who have been funding for research and treatment programs. Our government was not telling us the truth that Senator Swiller, we couldn't. The year was not safe to breathe. It was obvious that the year was hard to see through little-owned breathe. I like that. I wonder who is really behind the general of the attacks. Who is responsible for that? It's just a people losing. I'm Jewish. The elite of the American media and of course now all this stimulus about OCD Kurds going to be on NBC on CBS news. That's just as to you know. Taking some bitch off an entertainment show and putting around it like we're going to treat her like a serious news person. No chance. 1269 votes on the poll. And sports talk radio is right in the middle of the pack with tied with terrorism 44 as the biggest problem in the world. And I would say those people who voted for sports talk radio are absolutely correct. And we want to know why? Because it ties in with some of the other ones. Like religion. Don't you think it's a religion to these people? That's a leas. Anybody that will put on a 24-hour tailgate party on a major market big-time supposedly radio station, including a bunch of shepherds on there just to fumbling their way to like the beast. It's a U.M. Ask grab is what it is. That's all it is. It's a cluster of a shmuck. You know what I'm saying? What he says? It's sucked. And again sucked. But the marlins are on fire. Let's jump on a bandwagon when you say. I mean obviously everybody's off that hurricane bandway. They always lost a game. And of course Josh you know if you and loses a game. It's like oh, you see it's over me. Oh yeah that's a little bit for it. Like the sky is falling. You know they lose two games. Like screw them you know. We didn't really like them anyway. That kind of stuff. That's a kind of hurt running phony town at it. As opposed to here we're all the teams suck and everybody says well well we're just used to it. Republicans who were once cozy with President Bush are distancing themselves from both the president and their party in campaign ads. Well not we're drawn from the fight. Yeah. Consider Republican Deborah Price the fourth ranking. House of Republicans struggling to hold on to receipt in the evenly split district in central Ohio near Columbus where the rumors live call him up and make sure he votes and fero. You know what I haven't heard it in the session. Such a bad mistake. Haven heard from him in such a long time now. I'm surprised you hasn't called the tell me about my keenin resigning. What do you think about that George McKinnor resigning as the GM all the interest terrible. It's tragic or something. In 2004 her campaign website featured a banner of her and bushing together smiling. But in her latest TV, Ed Press has described as independent. This spot also highlights how she stood up to her own party and the president's support increased federal funds for embryonic stem cell research. As sure one of the House of Republican conference, Price rallies colleagues to the party message. With the election about two months and Bush is approval ready still low 33% the most recent AP if so's poll. Republicans involved in the raises of voting party labels like the plague and playing down their ties to the president. An issue from the record to contract spending GOP candidates are trying to argue that they don't follow in last step. In Pennsylvania, the Republican representative Jim Gerlach tells voters when I believe President Bush is right on behind him. But when I think he's wrong, I'll let him know that too. Gerlach is in a close contest with Democrat Lewis Murphy who damn near beat him came real close in 2004 with an eyelash. In Minnesota, we're an open semester to see this at state representative Mark Kennedy as an adult crossing party lines in which he says, I'm a Republican. I'm interested in like taxes and spending is I vote like it. But another issue is across party lines. In 2002, in his run for the House of Kennedy, I showed him walking and shaking hands with Bush at the White House. Today, he lists the issues in which he has split from the president. And in South Florida, heavily populated by retirees, Republican representative Clay Shaw criticizes the president's stall plans to change social security and citizen is ad. I represent the state of Florida, not a political party. You should live so long Clay, brother. After we were a congressman, Clay Shaw. By the way, how is the, what's his name doing? Charlie Chris, yeah, how's he doing? What? His boyfriend? 25 votes to go, oh, we got 20 minutes. It's going to be our real nippentuck. So best talent for the business is for your rotors for video fights. All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time. The group might object that your ratings and diet in now. Well, I don't want to show you what I think ass and I'm wise to yet and how. You get quite somebody good enough to throw my veggies in. It's an easy. Right now, Jay, now I'm going to be coming back. Outside of considering a little bit of a contract. If you want to know what I'll say, if I'm shutting that transfer to the boundary, why that's easy. You that's you I mean the run, stronger, stay down to the dark. And fate that my ratings have brought us down to this What's with you, have a re-bombie, and one of the tastiest number ones. And we can... Yeah, those are the biggest, oh, yeah, no, they can. Those are the biggest, oh, yeah, no, they can't breathe. All of them even show, and so proud. All of them, they can't breathe. I'm going to show you the old, my friend, and you'll fight away some things. You'll check totally, and it'll give me the flattest thing. Oh, ho ho ho ho! Are you going to go fly, honey? I'm going to do it. I always feel bad that mode don't listen's even a little bit. Okay, and the feeling is mutual. We miss him like a gigantic tour of this room, we're moved from your... Back to an ass, it's not a tumour. From a hundred and ninety-three votes on a pole, we're going to make thirteen hundred during the show. Oh, oh my god. And we've got still a quarter of hour to go. Do you like the how should you beat that? With a stick, with a stick, with a hundred and ninety-three votes. How soon is he doing? I never got your email by the way. I don't remember. Eric says it's a hot mail thing. He saw that it was sent from his server. So it went from here, it went from there, and it's being... Maybe it's because it's got that name. It's got what name? He had like a portal filter or something set up? No. Oh, yeah, right. It's a possible, it's in your span. Well, don't put a name on it or like that. It's the name of a picture. What is it? I thought it was... That's her name. Oh, I see. Well, can't you change your name on it? I heard it. So you find that? Lock? Huh? Susan walking. I did man talking. Yeah. Idiot. Squawking. Yeah, see there's going to be hand. Can't figure where it is though. Back to. Twelve ninety-three. I've identified. Click that Bailey. I've met it's going to like... It's not really... For the audience, it may... Oh, and... The picture is he's trying to send me. It's a picture of somebody, the lady from our first show, who now goes by the nom de plume of Susan... Well, first of all, if that's not her real name. What kind of a person makes up a name like that? That's her real name. She was using a fake name when she was on her name. Well, go back to the fake name. Okay, honey. No, I like the real name better. Yeah, but you do. Remember that song... I bet you... I bet you've got it. The bucking him, Susan. Remember that? And I call him your records. Sure. Maybe I could. Well, what can be something we could do? This forget about Whitney Houston man. Forget about Pat Boone. There it is. Bucking him. There. Don't you care? And then this was a memory of the other sma... Eight of the... It's like... Why is that? Just do it. Don't you care. Now this was... This was a big sma... This was Johnny. They had more hits than this. Yeah. For example... Yeah, kind of... Oh, I know. Here we go. Now you're going to... Play that. Yeah. It's up and they can see too high. You're fairy. Yeah. Time cruising song. Anyway, that's enough of that nonsense. So, Susan, so we don't know who she was still. I still don't. I can't do that. You're not giving me a very clear clear message here from the suds. She is somebody that used to work with us and I would be underay in the morning. There's a certain name. Under an assumed name. Right. How many people did we know? They're Arlene Wolfe. Oh, they were lots. Jennifer Rimm. Jackie Bales. Jackie... Whatever the other one was. Right. Right. Other Jackie. Right. How many other females did we have in the news department? I'm probably leaving somebody else. Oh, they're very griffin. My god. Jackie knew about Terry Griffin. That's right. I don't tell me that Terry was on Susan cocking. No, no. Brooke Alden. Who? I see. There's people that don't know the engine check I can't remember her name but she never wore a bra. Wow. I love you. You're in trouble. That's the Terry. Love you Terry wherever you are. And Jennifer, I say it in a program. I guess it is. Love her too. Let's see. Oh, I like this article. I do have time. No. Which one do I want to do? I want to go time for one or two here. I'm changing the name of the picture to Susan C. I don't care what you change it to it. And I'm like, I'm going to remember who this is. How come you don't remember? You've got to pick you there. How come you can't recall who it looks familiar. You know, lots of people do. Yeah, that's true. Joyce Marcell. Remember the Marcells in Blue Moon? Yes. I'm coming. I got news for a fake input on a 24 hour tailgate party. I think I'm playing music all next week. There you are. Blue Moon ourselves. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to do it. Joyce Marcell says the world passes us by. She says sometimes I feel like life is passing me by. Watching the wealth of our nation as well as the blood and body parts of our soldiers, poured down a rat hole in Iraq is not the only thing that grieves me. It's that we hardly notices the world passes us by. We are led by reactionaries who see the world as it was in 1949 when America was the last standing nation. Or maybe as it was essentially before that during the time of the robberbearance, who knows what they really see. Meanwhile, the euro has surpassed an hour and value. It's finished way almost from the day it was founded. China which holds the paper on America is now the world's fastest growing economy. India is number two. More of under America however slides deeper and deeper into debt. We have no jobs. We make no things. We make no capital investments in our future. Our housing bubble which is sustained the economy for years is bursting as our right. The only analogy and I'm not the first person to make it is that we are behaving like drug addicts and our drug is oil. We live in constant denial. We've cast in our ass as barred from our villain who will let us rob their parents wallets. And now we're breaking an end to renegade our daily fix. So we head for the gutter the future is gall passed last week. I saw this new reality at Saratoga Race course. When it comes to my level of horse racing, I may be in an aquenism. Americans is a world that I'm interested in this sport. Most daily newspapers no longer have full-time turf writers. Not even the Boston Globe of the New York Times for daily racing charts. Legendary racetracks have been turned into housing developments. Even Saratoga Aqueduct and Bellmutter up for grants today because the New York Racing Association is on the verge of bankruptcy. It's not that Americans don't like to gamble. We seem to like gambling more than anything else except eating in cars. We even use a lot of these to fund our schools. But it's football and poker on television and the internet and Indian consumers that are the draw. America has had a sterling history with thoroughbred horses and world class races. The Kentucky Derby, the Prickness and Dollmont make up the triple crown. America took notice when magnificent Barbara Broker is like an a Prickness this year. 137th running of the travers of the Healded Saratoga was held last Saturday. And the prestigious breeder is couple of Healded Churchill down to November 4. We still have magnificent horses here but at the Saratoga meet the Mach-Toon family owners of the Squeak cat Asheville way and criminate and criminate. Henny Hughes and the amazing Bernadini walked away with nearly all the stakes races. Another of their horses is the Zilwana Bellmunchs. When Bernadini won the Prickness he gave the Mach-Toon's two thirds of the triple crown and Bernadini tops the family's breeder's cup team. The horses are already one of the major races in France and England and Ireland. You might not have heard of them, but Tunes ahead of the family is shekma-Hemmed bin Marciel Mach-Toon 57 sometimes called Shekmo. Shekmo. Who rules Dubai and is the vice president of the United Arab Emirates. This year, Dubai briefly handed America's consciousness with one of its government owned companies trying to take over Port operation in several major US cities. America woke up for a moment of thought of Arabs running its ports. The Dubai ports were attack-attackly withdrew its bid and America rolled over and sop back into its grugged of sleep. In Dubai, however, population told in 40,000 nobody is sleeping. Shekmo, a poet, statesman, and passionate horsemen, and presiding over a construction boom that will turn its country into the New Yorker of the Middle East. Time magazine, which this year included the Shekens List of the 100 people shaping our world, calls it urban planning on a cosmic scale, a blossoming financial center, region of headquarters for global brands, mega shopping malls, amusement parks, a world-class airline and airport to go with it. The luxurious hotels that play host a 7 million tourists a year and the world's largest man-made islands. Add to that a world-class racetrack and the recent groundbreaking for the world's tallest skyscraper. The Mach Tunes have stables in England and America and Dubai, instead of record this, you've been spending $16 million dollars in auction to buy a single untried two-year old cold. Instead of trying to return to the lost lower days of the Ottoman Empire, the Mach Tunes are creating Dubai Inc. and racing full tilt into the future. China, India, Singapore, many other countries are doing the same. What is America doing? Squandering its money, its history, its democracy, and its blood in the Middle East. While people in other countries are going to speak two or three languages, America still has vigilantes on its borders trying to keep on anyone who doesn't speak English. How can you show up about it? Instead of welcoming the immigrants who are already here and tries to demonize them, artists, students, and intellectuals find difficult to get visas. Time for a drink. They go to other more welcoming countries instead. Many of us have been living with pain during the past few years. We love this country, both the greatness and the promise of it. We love the way every new wave of immigrants has come here to make a better life, and has made everyone else's life better as a result. But it seems that now openness and opportunity are gone. America is becoming a moral cultural religious and intellectual backwater. A banana republic would not hope for a prayer of catching up to the fascinating world which is flourishing with others. How do you like that? Do we do we? Shek mo. Do we do it? I don't know. I'm sorry. So I'll freelance writer and comments in Vermont. And in the meantime, the Alpine government's reclaimed force, sovereign control over the whole world. Now you think it's just a coincidence that every time I put the audio on when he's speaking, he's pumping and fumbling my- Or is that just a part of it? Yeah, it's sort of coincidence. In other words, I can put it on any time he speaks and he'd be doing this thing. The course of it, you're going to say you put it on these other words. How do you hear that? Why do you hate America so much? I'm going to put you back on that rubber raft and send you back to Fidel, the nurse and back to health. He's looking like he's ill and by the way. Of course, if you lost 41 pounds, I'd be hit by weight. 13 every nine votes. Nearly on by the way, she's doing this well. And he's not coming back to visit Miros Gracie, it's all the rest of the drunken family. How do you like that? That's some real issues that Miami family. 156, I'm thinking to myself, the NFL season, I heard that promo we had or whatever that's got was before, what was it? Well, whatever was. Start Thursday night. Now, who's in this plane again? Miami and Pittsburgh. Oh, the dolphins. The dolphins and the stevers without Ben Rapplesberger. Game one. Kick off. Think to myself, since the opening game of the dolphins season is Thursday, how about a 48 hour marathon tailgate party? 48 hour real pre-game show? Right. Starting, I would say maybe like tomorrow at 10. The biggest name, so best challenge to the faces of the year, Roger S. Force Radio 560, you ain't him. Oh, right. You may still, she was walking out as private firm. I'll better my money to be right. The fresh and the loyal fishman. You said we'd not have come with me. We'd be gone having fun in the teenage car. We'd feel we'd better be right. More than all of the teenage car. The best challenge for the year, Roger S. Force Radio 560, you ain't him. I'm the best. Bye, bye, bye.