Marriedy funded eight thirty. Is there a manager that he? What the scuss. Shack and whatever happens tonight is they check on Detroit big night in town. It is. Yes. Oh. Could have fooled me. Well, you're not here. Anybody if I were there, you think I would care about Shack and a Heath? You would rate it the same. I think the minority on that one. You'd like I care, I mean, there's still been over the end. A lot of other things that never bothered me before. Yep. Like I'm supposed to care about Shack and a Heath because everybody in South Florida, all of the sentence on a bandwagon. This is how we about the Sabers man. It played pretty crappy last night. You're a distinct minority there. Well, you know something who cares. There ain't a soul on his town. Who cares about that. The, uh, the, uh, the. What the, you know what the, in that case, let's pull it. And you know, I'm going to tell you the panties. I got some stick in there. If you're good racetrack buddy, Alan Cohen. Yeah. If you had any idea how much those, of course, I give me a burst anyway. So I shouldn't bitch about it. But, uh, although I do have to pay tax on it. And the fact that the matter is that there, uh, tickets that you should be like five grand for two season tickets. He was like, over seven grand now. My God, the bills don't stop coming man. I just sent another, uh, thing they're counting. You know what the, you know what the heat's getting now for the paratickets? I can't even, well, you mean just for the playoff? No, for the regular season. Oh, how much? Like, 19,000. It's, it's two hundred and sixty dollars a ticket per game. You know something if they gave me 200 and six hundred and six hundred. And sixty bucks a game. I wouldn't go there. If I, if I was there every single day of my life, I wouldn't go there. If they gave me a thousand dollars a game, I wouldn't go. I was like, they're selling them out. I'm happy to hear that. And if they're selling them out, maybe some of the people this season, because they're not deep into the playoffs, actually are watching the games as opposed to Schmooz and Wander and Wander and Wander upstairs. And then the other would have booze in her hand. I don't think that changes. Oh, well, well, let's face it. Who could have, who could have, who could have, who could have, who could have, who could they've got... Yeah, they've got they've got they. You did that. Yeah, I tried, because we used a condom to pick up all of these things because you know, we had the people used nine, okay. They would visit us regularly today and they've had clever decided to use one heavy version of our family and they're forced to put all that<|en|> rip we had something we would have to use for a series of problems, how are you guys- What about میں that's people you want to use to build like request for them. I'm very much against gambling myself. Me too. At a March 12 30, I might take a break from that for a few hours. I'm going to do that tomorrow too. 9,342 last night or 460, I'm sorry, get it right. Probably a couple thousand companies, I would think. They had 9,000 of the game last night. That's what it said in the box score, 9,462. I checked those numbers every day for the home games to see how many they're claiming show up. If I can count them personally, I don't think that that's that big right. I don't think you can count that high. Now probably about 4,000, but in the evening, at least a thousand club fans, I would think what it comes to really pathetic. 9,000. So the Marlins won a game last night. They got one in a row, man, and we got their game tonight, and then we got the big game tomorrow, 12 30, and if I did not rain before then, I know it's going to rain every day at some point. It'll be a big crowd there tomorrow afternoon. Oh yeah, I will be surprised maybe 30, I don't mean 30,000, I mean 30 people. But 30, man. Sunday, shining, man, we finally broke the kind of winter slap over there for a couple of Sunday yesterday, but we're not too toasty here. I don't think we made the 50 yesterday. Not too exciting, but all of the Sunday days that we turn the quarter, baby, up north. We turn the quarter, it's already. It's already warmer now than it was all the instant. It's already 50, it's going to be 65, day, and then the 70s for the next foreseeable future. Hallelujah, 73 tomorrow, it sounds like a good day to go to Woodby. Of course, it was 43, but we were going to be in even better day because if we better, I'll take a one thing, what I keep it so cold in that place. My god, yeah. I think I should sue them, maybe that's why I can't get rid of this damn cold. I am getting rid of it, but boy, it's lingered on. I think it's because of that place. Have you ever been in a casino where it wasn't cold? No, because they want to keep your answer wake. Yeah, the last thing they want you to do is get sleepy and like, you know, lined a rather, and of course in Vegas, right? Anyplace, like an agrofault is the same thing. If you're staying in falls view in a hotel, they don't want you to get tired and go up in the room and take a nap for a couple hours because then lose your money that you could be plunging and losing. No clocks and they can get out there. No clocks, they don't want you to know what time it is and they want you to be alert and awake. I'm surprised they don't like along with a free drink, give you a doggy upper is there, too, a big getaway with that they would do it. So you tell me, July now, by the way, Barbara still alive, he's a chipper and doing okay, right now, nine bullets and he's still alive. Yeah, you see that x-ray with all those nails in there, whatever those things are? What are those things? Pins, oh pins, needles and pins, excuse me, they look like nails. Basically that's what they are. Maybe it's a safety pin like the one at Spectac at a bit of a legile step done. But Dave and I talked about that, to get to say about that stupid story that buddy helped me up to cover up for Rally Franklin for his stupid ride in the abelmont. Yep, we thought they were going like four or four longs, half a mile. Sorry, you tell me that Burger Dini is definitely not going to run in the Belmont because I don't sound like unlikely to run. He's a possibility, but they're right now, they're not sure yet. Because the list of names that you gave me except for Bob and Tom or Bob and John are, except for a couple of others, we didn't even heard of any of those horses. Well, the list is up to 12 possibilities, but not all of them are going to run. No, brother Derek's definitely not going to run. He's his kind of hoodie. He's $26.00, bro. Yeah, totally. Now there's the trainer of sweet Norton's saying who cut his foot during the race. It's a pre-tionist. I don't think Trump is going to sit in there, but he's on the list. Well, you know, that was a very doable, exactent and triple there. If you like Bernardini. Yeah, I don't know how you would have come up with with Steinburner's horse. No, no, no, I'm not an all. Oh, hit the all, but hit the all. We'll try with that. You take a Bernardini and sweet Norton's saying that. Well, you wanted to add to the last ad, Farborough, which a lot of people weren't going to do. I already picked him third. You, you, I don't think that anybody who hit that trifecta just either played numbers or, right, you know, it's just, you know, you didn't know what to do. I really paid 26 bucks. It's not like he was 30 to one. He wasn't one of the rankups. He went off at 12 to one. And so I said he paid 26 bucks. He was, he opened at 16 to one. In fact, I commented on our show. Well, I have to know that the odds on him were dropping and he was the only one whose numbers were changing. But, uh, with him, he might have been, uh, according to yesterday's New York Post of decision on Bernie Deaney has been made yet. Yeah. So, well, I'm more whipped up about the heat myself. I'm going to have to fly down either for that gangline. Is it tonight? Yeah, it's not here. It's in Detroit. You can go to your old hometown. Oh, I could probably see my cab guy to take me right across the QEW man for the four old one, Robert Heldis. The Hershey Highway right over to Detroit. I would go to Detroit again, man, if they paid me 10 grand to go. And in fact, a friend of mine, uh, acquaintance, not a friend, but acquaintance of wood by one would be generous. He went to the MGM in Detroit because he had business to do there. Yeah. A few week about three weeks ago. He said it was the biggest dump he's ever been in his life. He couldn't believe what a crap house it was. The MGM is, uh, right. What are two casinos in Detroit? Once across the river. Yeah. Or across the lake. Excuse me. On a Canadian side. Across the lake, across the river. Is it the river? Across the lake. They'd try it river. Yeah. And they'd write down. It's not a Canadian side. Yeah. It's in Windsor, right. Yeah. And then there's one in Detroit. The MGM. I didn't think it was MGM because I, well, trust me, the MGM. Maybe they have another one. But the MGM is the big one downtown. And it is a toilet. A coin of my friend. The one that I went to downtown is up actually operated by people from, who, who have the rampart casino in Las Vegas. Yeah. It's not MGM. Well, there's an MGM in Detroit. I'll make $80 trillion in that right now. Well, I'll say how I know because my friend from Las Vegas was a marketing director for the company Compton or dinner there. Oh, okay. Wait a minute. MGM. I'm Googling it right now. Okay. If it shows up there, you'll only $100 trillion. Yes. MGM Grand Detroit casino here it is. Great food, exceptional service. Here's their website. So either it's a bogus website or you'll be $80 casitting dollars. Which where is it? Oh, who the hell knows? Let's see. You want me to look that up to gaming players club, group tours, where the city shines. Oh, yeah. That's really shines. To darken that state ever shine. Maybe the teeth dining entertainment. Doesn't tell you where it is. About a way to mount a boddhass. Borgies, not about a still doesn't tell you where it is. Says MGM Grand Detroit Casino is a winning company. It shows these silly broads. She just hit like three single bars, you know, just one 20 quarters or something. They're the one thing about women at Casino as man. They just too many emotional hysterical women. They hit like 500 bucks. They're streaking like they just want to mid in. What's that all about? They do the same thing at the craft table. Do they? Yeah. Much of crap. You always hear screaming at the craft table. But guys will do that too at the craft table. But not shrieking. Non-stop excitement. And I just, it doesn't say where it is. I'm not going to waste any more time with this. Entertainment. Let's see. Maybe poopy compo is there now. Be calm. Oh, who else would be a TMGM and Detroit? Huh? Louis Prima still alive? Kili Smith, I think, is she just died too. Now he's dead. Well, anyway, there it is. Don't go there. That's my point to you. Don't go. I've been bored by that. I just went there for the free dinner. Oh, well, in that case, it says excellent foods. So go there and get fed for free. I heard the one in Windsor is a lot nicer though. Crossed at Detroit River, just over the ambassador bridge. My home, my hotel room when I was there for the Super Bowl, face that hotel. Did you ever go to Windsor? No, I ain't going over there. As a matter of fact, it's a track that you, um, thought you were not into a harness racing, but if the Windsor racetrack, we can, you know, sign a cast, bet on Thurabreds, whatever else. You might think I'd a huge. It's as big as falls you. They got 3,000 slots in that casino. But they wouldn't have any other, I don't think they have the rest of the stuff. They got a sports book. And when did you start that man? They just had a murder in Windsor. I think at the first one, it was about five years. I'll whipped up about that. So Dan civilized Canadians again, not to big unmerder. As opposed to Detroit where they're real big on it. And Detroit is, uh, speaking of murder. Yes. I don't, I just, I've reached the point now where I just, um, we're not even going to try anymore. How's that? I'm coming on here, making an announcement today. We're just, we're just, we're just, we're just give up. I don't know what these people are thinking about. Have you ever seen anything like this? I mean, I don't want to put you on a spot for them. They haven't any discussions with you about anything that they're doing or thinking about doing. No. No. Me either. What, what, what, what in God's name? They're hiring a lot of sales. Okay, they're hiring a lot of salespeople. Of course, we don't service the sales. I got a, I got a replacement piece of copy for one of my accounts today from Troy, Baltic Troy, Stratford. And I, that's the same. He's pulling the contract routine now. He takes the same old copy. It's been on there for two or three months. And he has somebody retiped word for word verbatim and it's supposed to be the new copy. So we don't care about, you know, serving the public, the all-listening audience. I mean, that's obvious based on some of the people we're putting on the year. And we certainly don't care about servicing the clients. But we're hiring a whole bunch of new salespeople. Welcome to the WQM boiler room. Yeah. That's what it is. The boiler looks like. Back there. And as a matter of fact, no pressure instead of the empty back there, all the phones are going to be connected to people in India, we're outsourcing the jobs. And might as well, because you know what the crew we got back there now. Do you know that I don't know if anybody told you, but the last Wednesday when you did your show from Pemico from Baltimore. Yeah. The new salespeople, they rounded them up and they brought them in a satin studio to watch your show. Huh? Yeah. I see you didn't know, did you? No. And of course, the only problem that you weren't there. So last Thursday, George was out to say, keep that in mind. So there's Josh Cortis is there. And there's no, I'm here. And they wanted to do the same thing. And I said, we'll pass. They would have wanted to have a whole bunch of these new salesists come in there and sit around and watch Josh Cortis looking into the empty studio. Yeah. See? And you're wondering what I'm talking about? I don't get it, man. These people are, it's like they open up velvet you again. They let them all out. They're crazy people. Yeah. They sat around and they watched your show. They watched your voice coming through a speaker from Baltimore, and then they wanted to do the same thing of the next day. At least, at least when you were out, at least, Beast was there and Reaper were in coped, and we all, all the year, I'm to rise. At least, there were some people milling around. Well, you think they thought of Reaper? You're fairing. Does that answer the question? They're still here. Huh? They're still here. Who's still there? Those salespeople who came in. Oh, yeah. I wouldn't surprise me. They're still there when their eyes glaze over. Oh, my. They said, I'm not going to watch the empty studio, so they could get a better idea of how to sell our show. That was the rationale, do you or of why they were doing that? Now, the work and for a certified, the crazy people now, I mean, these people are just, I still say they're on a payroll across the street. They've got to be. They have to be. Don't you think? Especially Kerabelle. You know, that one's got to be on a payroll over there. His claim to fame is that back on January the 13th, he paid motor go away for a couple months. That's it. That's been his big move so far. Little did he know how irreplaceable moors. Little did he know that we could do worse than a one share of those two hours. And we are doing worse. When you look at that 0.5 in here, man, it's enough to bring a grown man to weak like a child. Well, listen, have a great day. It's Tuesday. We're seeing that. We're doing that. Goodness. Unbelievable. Yes. Enjoy that game tonight now. Yeah, I will. I'm going to be praying for the Sabers praying for my buddy Lindy Ruff in the Buffalo Sabers in Rick June a Red. All right. I'm going to say it. Broke a form. Okay, say it. Broke a for all of the time. All right. You have a short day. Yeah. I like I said. Yeah. Love those marlins, baby. They're on a roll now. Maybe they'll bring people into watch across over one day. That'd be a good idea. Or maybe they could bring him into watch to show him a Marlon game is on. Yeah. They could watch the marlins game. Bring him out a lot of Clark tomorrow sounds good to me. We're going to play the star studio. Right. Okay. Amen. See you. Aston Mariano. The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and groups of the B.B. That the B.B. Dr. Gratt has group. It's just advertisers for agencies. 4. 4. All right. God. You're a breast. Beautiful. There we go. My name is France. The Eugene Thomas. Friends of Bush is nominee for this Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people who's out there to think this is all. I spoke a little man water when I was in college. And it wasn't as it went up. Enjoy. Well maybe it's a guy's out of your honor, Billion. If they don't take, I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. And I got a bunch of. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to show straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. Fair job. I've been talking. And I spoke it to the East. And I spoke it to the West. And I spoke it. Why not look up. Send the deal. Kind of. Yes. I'll be talking. Ha ha ha. There's still very one. Yeah. George is back from his illness from that bad of a long water. Yeah. That's what it was. It's fine at pitch and like. 10. 50. Already at 5.60 WCM. Happy to be here. Get him our Wednesday. And how come heckling believe me there's an NGM granted Detroit? I mean many things I could make up. Why would I make that up? It's a dump. Hey if you're a cigar smokeer, like to kick back with a premium brand. And by he is cigars, by Tony Barhani is for you. And thank you when you were in a casino. They all smoke in there, which I don't know. Starting in first of July here, even at falls, you know, more smoke and insights. The Ontario is the provincial law goes in effect. And I say thank God. But anyway, well, I only just smoke cigars inside anyway. Why is it that late at smoke? Fag gets been out cigars and I've always ordered that. Yeah, and that's right. Not a nice pipe. Right. He's hard to find cigars and made with first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years. But here is a wheelboat teaks cigar. Make her specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But here gold, a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar. Facing out a cigar insider and 9.1 rating by smoke. Smoked magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body nickel bottle when cigars got earthy hands The dark rose coffee, chocolate, spice, pepper flavors. Also be sure to try to be here the sale, the hottest release of Garland last 10 months. They decide to get to high rating of 91 by cigar. Facing out a cigar insider. It's a big powerful cigar man. It's a gut wrencher with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with the visual spice and the note of charred wood. It'll just change your whole attitude and probably give you a gigantic tour. For a soft photo tobacco next year by you, log on to be hissigars.com. We're called our tool for a number 1-800-35 behira. That's 1-800-35 B-A-H-I. A is a mere Rogers. This is 5.16 kg. Facing out a cigar. Facing out a cigar. Facing out a cigar. We're going to use a cigar. Watch the damage from that applause once they get that we don't have an afternoon game today because it looks like there's going to be some serious rain on and off all day the day but all the time they change the forecast again this is cloudy in the 87 tomorrow says how about in which is armpit Steve who doesn't get it he sends a fax in who has says he's got two for today's pool though you don't have two on picnancy grace I'm not even the original one no more this two for two for the price of a none no and we have an in got today's poll yet have a no I think close but anyway it's a dangling that that uh... game tomorrow and in this in which uh... regardless of what happens that'll care if it's rainy cats and dogs like a few days ago and he had like eighty five inches of rain i don't care twelve thirty i'll be gone just keep in mind well i mean when they're going to give us a little bonus time there when you've got the marlin on deck at twelve thirty we'd be allowed right and then you know to go to the studio let them put we don't play some music or something that's what we're going to be doing pretty soon bad news from a racking in Georgia's back today's got a bunch of pills yeah and the highs of the night whole family is sick is high as a kite and the dog to and the dogs got to the doctor to know that's what the doctor to you know i can't believe that you know i don't know maybe we need to say anything i'd find a new doctor dot dot got streff throat he said that thousand votes again easy in fact i think well once we get to thousand photos on their own bailing out government open fire on a rakey laborers and ironsmiths traveling to work north of bagad today killing seven people and wounding aid police the attacks can just today after prime minister newbie al maliki and visiting British prime minister Tony Blair announced that a rakey security forces with strat assuming full responsibility for some provinces and cities next month leading lead to the event of a draw of all coalition forces at which point there will be nothing but total mayhem and chaos and bloodshed all over there nice job boys how about job heck of a job brownie home here's yesterday's full result fifteen hundred twenty six votes you know this and i keep stratus on the honest thing about uh i know torches doesn't care about the heat or shack at all sorry i don't think dry she's gonna be going to the game and Detroit tonight because he's unless he's got a quick trip plan no not go you need to be watching again yeah how much the game you watch last night you finally watch that uh show on any that i've been uh illuminating angels and demons was i right was a pretty good you were absolutely right it's very good see there you go for once in my life i was absolutely correct it's about time i watched uh first hour and a half again then i went to bed i just i already seen it and i've just gathered a and when you get to be a dot-rig old fool like me you're not gonna stay up till midnight just to watch something for the second time i'll let's go something really good and it was good certainly better than the event you coat we asked yesterday what's your take on the movie the divinci coat under the fact course it's making the the makers of the movie and all the stars in it and Ronnie Howard and like a zillion dollars i'll wait for cable or dvd five hundred fifty two then they'll watch it i will see it's ribbon eighty eighty yet as of this poll but we'll see a three eighty won't see it including me three thirty not for all the money in the world although i would like to have a hundred grain in the freezer like build Jefferson from Louisiana let's have a meal and and then he's got the nerve to play the innocent you know what excuse could you possibly have i didn't get to hear his excuse why i had ninety grand the other ten grand he already spent maybe just been saving up yeah it would place the height of anyway well it's seen the movie a three hundred and thirty i saw it was great ninety six saw it was okay sixty five strictly for guy i'm forty two i hate this poll forty and saw it's sucked only twenty one and trash voted from home and from the station twice on that so in nineteen people out of over fifty hundred agree with you it sucked i've seen a lot of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh bad opinion i don't know now i've seen a lot of other people on tv or just panning it ripping it and ask yeah me to so i don't know me it's just our audience maybe this has bad taste wouldn't surprise me after all oh speaking of audiences before we get to the days very important the world changing for different and so you'd race on there yet yeah good good work i had two as well who might be star-chones and uh who rosey odana oh oh good people make you want to be people make you physically i was inspired for the poll when i saw Jesse Jackson on yesterday and i started like that throwing up in my mouth a little bit i like that i can't he makes me physically nauseous when i see him such a grand standing uh opportunistic uh exploiting a piece of crap i just can't stand him and even though you you recognize me a lot of billmar right because both of them say a lot of things that i agree with but it's quite a lot i still can't stand either one of them which it wouldn't and it's also part of like the George Clooney syndrome he's doing a lot of good work and try to like a lot of good causes he's involved in like all those poor starving bans in Africa but i still when i see him i can't stand him i don't want to put him on the poll but i just i don't want to pew but i just i don't like him there's something about him that leaves me really limp you know i don't know what it is i just i just it just never warmed up to him hmm and then when i saw the other day with channel surfing and raya had forgotten that i tried to forget he was in one of the batman movies yeah i mean George Clooney is bad batman would be like like pinky lee is hercules it's just like any sense for me you know right yeah no you're Charles Nelson Riley playing Superman it's all it just didn't fit in at all did you see the new superman by the way no from the previous just want to know your take on them did i why why would i see it no the previews that are they're all over the place no i haven't seen the previews you know play Superman and this one so i think it's super sales s s s s s s s s s s s s s s superman yeah i'm only like the way the name would be a little duration there no i haven't seen every had enough superman movies already i'm a superman just fine but huh we're gonna keep making them like every every ten years i'm a superman with Martha Reeves we have a very good person named Reeves and superman George Reeves and Steve Reeves and about Martha Reeves we have superman dancing in the street sounds good to me overken of the grassroots yeah i got my i-pile now when i was gonna all of somebody i'm using now with them downloading and transferring them by and reporting it exporting all of them i like the way we start a band see that's better when you appreciate it with a good jingle that's our new format i'm sure i really think about that let's take a vote yeah i don't know if we do the break let's take a vote and start thinking about that very seriously because the pool we're gonna do tomorrow has to do with these calls because i'm just about reach that point in my life but yeah like Mickey would say hey 28 past 10 a QM let's look at that award winning lineup we got Kimba Bo camper we're getting to the two that means no one left thank the lord mad dog at four six thirty got your marlins on deck those red hot marlins they kicked some cummy ass last night it's 705 and then any k follows the marlin game it about 10 35 if you think you might have term i tune your house now the beginning of hurricane season and hottest hell season and term i season two so call our good friends at riddit pest control today for a free term i'd inspection riddit pest control uses that amazing orange road treatment the kill term i'd say there is 100% contact they're gone faster than even say that ourselves the problem is that like a 400 people in it if you have term i'd say this is the best possible way to get rid of them you don't have to take your house and make your whole neighborhood like these circus just came to town no worrying about poisonous gas no moving out of staying in hotels or motels no hanging out with tom boat debt no worry about food of pets in your health because at riddit they treat your home with this amazing orange or less all it is and don't have to leave it all and fact when they're done treating your property they're in the behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days and those critters and the rags are completely gone they're dead sure if you have a term i'd problem call riddit pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange road treatment that does kill term i'd send the rags 100% contact no tending no BS no kidding call right now for a free no obligation specially for those critters eat up your house call 1-800-447-4348 that's 1-800-447-4348 and be sure and tell them that prestigious Todd Drek told it to call 1-800-447-4348 this is new ruggers this is 566-8000 if you're the president of i-ran and want to send us special message to a special someone choose on my dinner job greeting cards there's one for every occasion like first guest a birthday wish for you George W. Bush i hope it will be a last romance it is George W and love you mega-touch and just for fun hey president Bush having a great time torturing impadence in terror with your hair i'm a dmg green card when you care enough to send up very crazy i think it's guy would just change the color to secale w got all the jingles we got to hold jingle package i think it's a got a real possibility may have to ring to it seven hundred ninety two votes on the full day we got that thousand looked again you'd be pleased to know even though you were out sick yesterday we got over we all eleven hundred i think almost twelve hundred and we don't have to one hundred voted yeah we did you yeah which i mean you said that you were out secure actually paying attention with the poor i i normally never do but i thought i would catch up on some old emails and just one thing led to another and i only email from air granted a magic yeah that one i don't understand what that's all about i never met air granted i mean you know well they do you ever see a great train i don't want to meet him unless he's coming up here i'm not coming down there maybe he'll buy me lunch oh and here's the best news you know why i'm in such a good mood why are you in such a good bit and it didn't don't i meet the last night i'm watching the savers with a very weak performance couldn't be by Carolina and it just dawned on me that gets who never called me over the weekend or yesterday to invite me to buy them a meal huh remember i told you fried it and he'd called and bugged me when i was uh i hit learn jingles yeah that's the one thanks a lot remember maybe it's finally starting to get the message leave me alone okay i'm tired of by the you and your whole uh jiffsy family buying your meals all the time i'm sure dogmer train is more than taking good care of all he is to just leave me alone god i mean you know it's one thing if people want to like socialize and everybody picks up their own tab or maybe once they're a great while reciprocating by me i'm not that i want to go out for meals but you know something but this business of call-up here is uh look at this thing here this is nasty it's fast you just sent me what's the big deal with barbro look the animal recuperate in peace how much money did you lose on the horse race none i don't bet on that uh stuff are you ever at the hard rock no i have not i've been a couple of times l've invited a game of poker rock how i don't go there i don't play poker and i'm not there anyway whoever sent this idiotic facts what are you gonna go uh stuttering gill who doesn't study what he types i notice our stuttering spelled with two these now this is not stuttering gill because stuttering gill knows how to spell stuttering okay i sure about that it positive when we just got back to some stuttering gill uh we could to a god he spelled it the correct this is about with two d's but he's still even stuttering gill's got a fake now okay yeah i'm serious oh boy and today's pulled a bit from court tv i'm sure he means an an ancigrace even though i'm a good friend of course he's everywhere she's on the friends now she's on uh headline news that's me nancy graves she's everywhere she's on your pop up toaster she's on your iPod she's everywhere an ancigrace she's on your toilet paper stuttering gill believe me i know stuttering gill he knows how to spell stuttering this is just amazing but you idiots and i was saying just yesterday i told you this before to show 800 more votes already that's pretty exciting let's say you're more run down the poll other than George W. Bush who would have won obviously with his hidden votes what person most makes you want a puke when you see the mantees somebody just nauseous seeing them pad robbercy and you know what it is about him that makes you want a puke real bad i don't know everything that green you know well he got it that's the sirpig green on his ugly pussy you know like you know something but you don't well we all know he's crazy pat robbercy two o eight bill or rally a close second hundred ninety four he got again voters the uh worst person the world by i wasn't the last night i agree he for more bs hundred ninety four just a total compulsive bs artists jessie jessie when twenty seven wins fired the poll on vetticey a lot of other people get one of puke when they see him and there's just something about uh i don't know he doesn't talk out of the core of his mottler john kretshen use to he just he talks out of i don't know his ass shun hand at he's speaking of that one o six ricky picky sances out of sight the never out of mind in south florida sixty seven always good for a lot of votes on a poll having to do with hate Tucker Carlson twenty bano eighteen very good choice mary changing that self-hating dike that sell out bitch eighteen pala bull four teen rosey o Donald seven a late edition christmath you seven star john five when you've gone a few of the camp luckily he got my vote a lot of the way they can do to try just a crazy when always gritting his teeth and like i'm gonna kill somebody out of just you know hey it's good now about this movie he's just a firm a heat before come out if you uh give me a chance that's correct torture mottler uh so you didn't watch the Saturday morning ten o'clock towards jubin sick last night he forgot all about the morning eight already out illuminating the angels and demons so Saturday morning attend it'll be on again speaking of a pretty much a lot of illuminating the church thought they got rid of all of them because they burn them at the state they burn them alive yeah but they grew back which was certainly the christian thing to do of course on an antigrace is got only three i can't believe that that's that's just there's something wrong there runragan juniors three and we're not carried on have any i don't know why the hell she even got why did she get put on there i don't know i didn't judge must have done that and that was what i mean well who the hell put around there now i'm just joking it was me uh it was just well why because you got to back i was already put on before you read that uh it's just what is wrong with you man for it and judge wants to apologize to you people out there all two three under the way that we've the stories on our website let's go apologize for not getting bundles in a clock this morning when discovered that he had tried he thought he had put him out in last night it was a good nine feet it was nine fifty six and i said are we gonna cross over with hanker whether we switch and over one it was nine fifty six okay you know you can mess with the old man all you want but my mind is as sharp as a mottie ball okay so don't think of me this crap about trying to play loose with the time okay i know my time i'm ranting else but i know my time is up wait to hear what the new anchor is gonna be on ABC also before again that well also gonna do this damn break you know i want to say this one thing about christian's i want to take back what i told last week about what a fine job he's doing he's doing any job because your salespeople not only is there no new copy i'm investing that twice ratford poll this morning give me the same copy retipe with two words that is the asset that make no sense i mean and and then the feedback sheets remember how many of those things i got all too right more than one and less than three uh so i'm saying that's kind of like well we don't really care about that we don't care if you all he's likes the uh garb of a part of the all these bad voices and have no uh consistent programming we don't care about that we don't care what the we just want that money we're just a money machine we're no longer a radio station in case you haven't noticed we're just a money machine mine we're a good machine and i would suggest maybe there's nothing wrong with being a money machine if you were really a good machine but there's a gator capture and she said about that there's a poor gator when i in a big gas cage why did you just leave them gators alone huh well they keep coming out well good maybe maybe there's a reason for that maybe it's hard and rewards plan this is new run out this is five sixty two eight so i don't have a quote how the heck if Barry's muscles grow he wants a shrimp dolly went a little bow called penis your baby You'll be me, you, cheating, bond I'll be you, you, you, fix that job You and me are in different ways For your day that's for way it would be You'll be me with tight tracks Just don't give me no after it I'll be you, babe You'll be dumb, babe I'll be you, babe I'll be you, you, babe And now that we're an HB fan here And now that we're an HB fan here, and now that this is music We're gonna sound on the HHC radio set Wow We're gonna be a fan here It's making our people want to visit I can't stop this being there We've been sound of me Oh, black There we go Sir, you're just gonna have to put the BK and BSA Thomas I like that, I like that I like the blue sweet version better I don't Anyway, here's some bad news ABC News's name Charles Gibson The anxious, the terminally ponderous And very almost as boring as David Hartman ABC's had his long line Very, very bland people Land I'd be honest with you, I mean, it lost a million viewers I was just watching this thing on CNN They're hyperventilating, how excited they are But the list of his progress was okay Then she had been here to go get pregnant In fact, the news case was a lot better Without Bob Woodward, for not that I wish to get blown up And her rank, but he did But she was okay, when you grade she was alright I know, Pinge You never watched it? I don't think I did Unless I'm not Because I don't really care who does the news that much Well, I sure as hell do, in fact, I want to let the TV Once, I mean, I watched it and rather For a hundred years, then as soon as he went off I gave Bob she for one chance And I said, okay, okay, I'm out of here So we'll say this, I won't watch someone who bugs me And he bugs me In other words, we won't be watching Katie Kurick Probably not No chance Well, ABC News's name Charles Gibson The Soul Anchor of World News tonight ABC, the home of Lekha said some of the blindness The most ponderous people People that make Dave Gerrow way look like a Mexican And jumping me, and that's how boring they are To kick an echo, I'm not worried about it Charlie Gibson is one of the most distinguished You're in the list on TV He's a subvert broadcaster A de-continent professional and a very familiar presence To the audience in every one of the world news tonight Today, ABC President David Western Gibson's News News will take effect on May 29 Let's say, well, that's next Monday Woo, heavy duty He will continue as a colleague who a good morning American until June 30 I'm humbled to accept his news Simon, I've witnessed firsthand The grace and determination of every member of the staff He's a great man, I can't even say I look forward to joining this extraordinary team And helping the broadcast our new chapter Right The announcement comes a week after a strong ratings for World News tonight The broadcast average 7.71 million viewers Up performing CBS, even the news by 510,000 total viewers And 470,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 The key 25 to 50 or a demo Now why doesn't it say anything about NBC NBC kick in the ranch Following the death of World News tonight Anchor Peter Jennings and August 2005 Elizabeth Harrier, while we know about that And she's taken maternity leave And we turned to co-anchored 2020 And Yadiyati and that's it And so they put this boring turn on their Charlie Gibson Very boring guy, we'll not watch In addition to which the thing that really Frost me at Mayan is about both CBS and NBC Is that both networks to feel compelled for quite some time now Since rather, CBS, I don't watch them Anyone But the last, at least five and sometimes the last ten minutes of Every night at nightly newscast they have to go to this These puff pieces, you know, some kind of feel good Story, human interest garbage Is that not news? They have, you know, about lost puppies in ifcelanity And whatever the hell it is Not news, right? Anything that is not really news Some human interest story about some turd that nobody cares about And there doesn't need to know about And that's the idea of finishing off a nice newscast Well, screw them I want to watch the news And I do not watch the Daily Show And I don't apologize for that I don't have no one to watch it I'll watch Keith Oberman And you'll notice that they play that again I guess between nine and ten and the morning on NMS NBC Just lately they started doing that again Because he was on again this morning Naming Bill or Rally again is the most awful person in the world I agree Let's see, here's the facts for all my, I gave me a bra These are all, now this is the new deal And as soon as I said we're not probably going to take any calls for Another about ten years Now we just fake, uh, faxes Frank pepperoni, juice locato, my ass This is the guy who ever called him about Frank locato Is who that Frank ex locato Would you please reconsider, we need to know since you by Eric Brandon A former suck up a Bob Hamilton caught up in the Lincoln financial group Chop shop Magic is the reason that iPods are selling toilet paper Well, I bought one, I bought me an iPod And some toilet paper, I'll bet No actually the toilet paper came with it And said because we know you're going to buy a lot of these Compilations, any though there's a lot of good records on everyone These, it also finds some real crap You know, and whatever there's crap, you got to have some a Sherman to go For example, this one I mean, the simo that I had hooked on a feeling and express what you're in Heart, oh somebody likes it May I somebody like Bobby Sherman Do fair which is really shame I'll say this song that I really hadn't heard in his in years I like a lot of the five Americans I'm working on you Let's like this song, who's pretty good It is good song 1967 is what it's saying here These were wrong today That is to the way I woke up to find a line We were marveling before to show this morning We were listening to somebody cuts on here And some of it comparing to some of the book of Brian cuts He used the bell and just amazing I love it What? I love it, I miss you I love it, I miss you We make it a bit of a life to die Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh You're the rich of the poor You're the rich of the poor You're the rich of the poor Oh man That is scary, isn't it? He nailed him That's chicken, I've man, he is the one in his in Color him father I know what record that is I know the song, but by the way, the wist in the face Good luck in situations I think it's a racial thing myself Color him father Hey father, can the opponent all of a while I'm a cat like you're living Ooh Ooh Move it this way I do I sure hope you're out Now the man is my house, he's so big and strong He goes to work each day and this day and the whole day alone You're fair You come for me, snipe, look at the time He sits down at the dinner table and has the bite taste Another guy In addition to which there is no note Sent me by Eric Brandon This is the above Hamilton guy This is the guy that raised, I was calling her For above Hamilton Right, music Nobody cares about magic Okay, Ricky Ticket here is because that's his livelihood He's going to check over it and I hope he's doing very well But other than that, nobody cares about magic Okay I said to this guy who's got an ass to run And then the guy that used to be on the doov shop Remember he was always calling and bitching about how they fired his ass Yeah, like we're supposed to care about the doov No, I do care about that that was a good move that they made Nobody wants to hear no doov They made about like 16 guys from Brooklyn I want to hear doov And I think that the whole world is in the doov shop Nobody wanted to hear that crap That's one of the best moves they ever made He's getting that swirl off the ear You want to hear good oldies, this is going to be the place for it And after all, wasn't it wasn't that how QM became famous Was it a music station Right Right Like what is it for? If this song is one of the songs that put QM on top of the charts Back in the days And I used to listen back on the road I had a lot of quarter ounces sugar Not too much music but a quarter ounces sugar And you are the one who like our secret That's right, you did it And more in And he has great And go go go go Who's the perfect voice So I'm thinking very seriously I'm making a big movie because the rights of these people here in this place And I'm just seeing the summer start up again here All since yesterday I haven't had one Frocky band But just the talking right That's the fun part of the ass end of the cold As the flame is it settles deep into your throat At least 16 civilians were killed by air strikes Led by American Relad forces on a villas near Kondahar Now Afghanistan, you saw how they Kill all those Taliban who were supposedly killed a lot of time ago But they've been acting up bad again the Taliban A US military spokesman said a Taliban compound had been targeted But survivors from the village said civilian houses were bombed 16 civilians killed a lot of children two by the way There were dead people everywhere said Zermina BB, creating her aunt month old baby BB with a baby She said 10 people were killed in her home McClubbing three or four children, three or four more or less One village said Taliban fighters had used the roof of his house To farm missiles at the US So a lot of those 20 S bystanders have to get killed They always get in the way More good slim today Let's see, here's one of those three were pulled Rummy Rumsfeld He's scary, down Rumsfeld, Rummy put him on there Yes, so literally, he's been sending me to the bowl for 20 years He says, Lori and Baltimore He says, P.S. I think Barbara was a fine horse and I love animals But I really feel bad these and you'd never really hope he pulls through But I think people around here have kind of lost touch They actually put him in the shoes and say, God bless me They should have come on the news this morning God bless Barbara, we'll get well soon Barbara We'll be brave Barbara and believe Barbara I don't get it, Lori, this is the horse can't read Or maybe somebody can read it to them Yeah, surprise, Lori It's the reading of the horse Now like I said, yes, they say it And I know it will offend some people or horse lovers There's nothing wrong with loving horses All defending on what act you're, you know But the fact that a matter is they're awfully incredibly dumb animals They are shockingly dumb Yes, they are We're doing it We're more horses than you've seen, trust me Amazingly dumb But then again That's just human exploiting horses And we ought to start with your Peter people and the animal Love is you know about how inhumane all this stuff is Nobody cares about that there's big money on the line man This ask ourselves the wrong brothers Give us the F and minus F and minus Now This is the real Roger show Rock solid This is your brain Do do do do do do do do Horses and you see My coyote is fly fly Prosted all the two days As the minute men were shooping Proved and eyes in one heart Through the desert all my leads Through the pro-pest we march But they just thought we were loathing In the farms where all they're The truth we see for us there Give us the F and minus F and minus And we'll be our fair share Horses does not understand the English you pay He vibrate So new man O we same Another way That's when the part would have been What's their foes? WCWM What's not the like man Eighteen old boys Prosted all the three in our nap MQB and radio records at HD It's going to be the hottest thing since from always The first thing is that Some people have a set It's like that's HD TV DVDs They're out this month They have to Shiba Right? I've got to go out and look for that today Got to have one I don't know why Because I don't want to see Batman part 85 There's only about a half dozen titles That have been released in HD DVDs Right So until there's a good selection of might It's even farther with it Other than you're just saying Well I got one Right exactly You know, by the way They come out One more There you go That's a good idea Just put me on the list and send me one Or by the way you should be watching the mail Because that to be your windows coming I will be watching the rear window And watch the rear window How did you bring him a motown? I did that I got it today Hot hand I'm a busy man I got some movies to watch him And just speaking of that I watched parts of that again yesterday That movie just sends me man That's the the bowl But right to I haven't I just love that I just can't describe Thanks, son If you don't watch standing in the shadows of motown Man you people are such a bunch of lungheads They just don't know You know these are the same people Or while wasted time watching Let's stupid John for Older Movie What that was it? Urban Cowboy? No, the one with a man A's in a french fries What that was that was that was a whole bunch Yeah, pop fiction Yeah, see I'm going to a middle block An intentional mental block God Talk about a movie for pseudo intellectuals That's it Speaking of A-holes Madonna The church of England is criticised Madonna's appearance on a cross To kick off her latest to her in LA What she is all hype About 2% talent and 98% hype That's the thing they're helping her out Yeah Why would someone with so much talent seem to feel But need to promote her stuff I offended so many people said the church in the statement And like you said the church continues helping out People with marginal talent Marginal movies just like that eventually Coat the making a big stink in a big fuss And everybody says, oh I've ever seen what to stink in a fuss Is all about Madonna performed the ballad Lived to tell while suspended from a joint mirrored cross On opening night They the newer of the evangelical lion Seq's the singer of blatant sensitivity Madonna's you'd see the one thing about the religious They don't understand We, you know, in a free world At least allegedly for a year once upon a time We can we can make fun of your religion We can market we can you know And then probably pretty accurately right All we want is you're like a dimama to bad Okay, that's what it means to be non-religious Right To have kind of a brain Madonna's use of Christian imagery is an abuse And it's dangerous he said they've been newer She should drop it from the tour so they've been newer And people may define their own means of expressing their disapproval Little veil kind of a threat to us A world of hyperrug You know, don't subsidize this page Which I don't anyway Madonna's first person was not available for combat Not the first time she's upset the church in 1990 The cook called for a boycott of a blonde and fiction tour And which he simulated masturbation during like a virgin Video for like a pair also brought condemnation from the Vatican Which claimed it was blasphemous to contain burning crosses and to pick it a black Jesus And we can anybody Oh, they imagine a black Jesus How about a man? How about a Mexican Jesus Huh? Right Very like Jesus Oh, they're already They fifty one day confessions were a Turkish or something And the hell I'm something will reach Britain in July Says they be seen used Madonna getting there was any old web theft again And they were hurt I got to get rid of this flim and the worst possible by her Maybe in the best possible by Whichever way just got to get rid of the remnants of this thing I think the guard will try to get out Huh? Guard will have some drape I think the sun shines that I like Gargling doesn't get rid of a flim Does it? Well it depends I don't know how you grab that heavy duty Mr. Cleanlist to rain People say there's those a guard with like salt waters on the nana for what? Give it a flim line man What do you ever hear that? Oh, all the time Yeah, Mr. Doctor old guy Mr. Resquithits Sicken this whole family and even his dog He's got the strip through Yeah, man in jadis You could just hack for four hours I could get yesterday I really did Well, what am I going to do about it? You know, and all I bad That's all I could do was just hack Like OJ Let's figure out that bit that we open to show Would that token clearance token Thomas The reason he was on my mind is because he's back in the day He's back in the news again Just how bad are things for prison Abortionist in New Yorkity and News and Mondays Evisions? Pretty bad I'd say if Clarence Thomas is worried about him Is what they said The other night at a Washington book party for the president Sister Doro Bush Koch These Supreme Court justice arrived with his wife Ginny I'm attended roof of the Hay Adams Hotel Overlooking the White House and made a B line for the author We have to pray for your brother He's in real trouble Token Thomas told the White Eyed Koch He was older brother, Resin Dean Suffering from near catastrophic public opinion rating He's a dodgering fool Koch is memoir of the first president of Bush's My father my president a personal account of life at George H.W. Bush Politely thank Thomas and kept this tip up or lip Later I had a nice chat with a conservative Justice rights Who wrote this? Whoever this is in the out of him Somebody from Ross Storied and put his name on it Who's have only used for journalists since his 91 confirmation hearings In which an idiot he'll accuse him of inappropriate sexual advances And how was accused of the Senate judiciary committee How conducting a high-tech lynching? Life is long I said at one point That's right Thomas Greed That's what you should say when somebody does something to you Life is long Aha In other words gonna getcha Hey back his big stuff like that Current's token Thomas it a real black mouthy if ever there was one So I was saying yesterday about the calls And it's probably good that you're back today Not just from the fact that you're not quite as sick as yesterday But the fact that you know a little bit about the history Back on IOD on our worst day Now I wouldn't say that I mean we had some days God do the day that was the worst I give up with the day that Jerry Sullivan decided I come in a control room and stand there and watch the show and just wouldn't leave I don't remember that you weren't there that day I don't know let me have preceded you it might have I don't know that it was basically the mad trumpeter Ah I love that that not not that he laughed I don't know it wasn't that trumpeter was the yeah it was the it was the yeah Yeah that guy that sounded like Johnny dark doing a dude at bad cousin Bruce imitation That's all we had that day Come in a couple of other cry I don't think I was there for that event And Jerry Sullivan who is the former PD who got the motive and the canned And the reason the way they canned and was not by just saying you're fired They made them the overnight news guy Whose job was from midnight till five and more into driving IOD news car and go out and get news And that's the news story So he was a big fan of the show But decided to come in that day and that was still like post stroke You know you weren't there was after I had that stroke But I guess maybe Nick Lawrence was there What had to adding a little aroma to the program And it was each is one of the leave Yeah and it was just one of those days it wasn't going to happen no matter what you know They're just that we was hopeless And he just stood there and stood there and stood there And I thought why are you doing this so you're just kind of a bastard some kind of a relentless bastard It's bad enough that I'm happy to do this but you're standing there watching it But anyway, what is that kind of doing with a lot of a saying Under what was saying that on other than that on the worst days We never ever encountered it from the very first day at two a.m. It was like we were in a different world, you know Yeah, and obviously we got some you know we still have a chunk of the same audience from before You know chunks Yeah, that time But we also have a chunk of different color like the brown or deep purple And as a result of the calls during those seven months that I shut them off Now I wouldn't say I did that right it was kind of like practice you know Because I read too much crap during that period of time And it was much too not only newsy but too serious Not enough fun and game stuff But the colors what what's the show has degenerated into on this radio station is the phone call part of it It's a playground for simple things is what it is And we do have a small segment of people who think oh, what that's one of the fun is now No, not really because it's it would be one thing of it was a playground for like you know a thousand different Simbolons but it's a playground for like about a dozen different siblings and that's it you know And for all the money that we're spending technically on the phone I'm this great tell us phone system Which is the worst in the world It's hardly even worth it You thought what I'm saying? Oh, yeah, you would agree with that And I'm Josh of course, but also it would be very very hastily if I said that maybe the solution would be for him to start screening the calls Yeah, you'd probably that Oh Man, what an accurate prediction that was So I'm yeah, I'm mulling in my mind and of course we're coming out very soon to the Summer recess, you know, we Georgia's doing three days a week and of course Georgia's never gonna stop taking a call Because that means Georgia to be playing music because George is not gonna be reading bedtime stories I'm not sure you that is not gonna be happening. I'll talk about him, but I'm not gonna read him Well, I would be okay. I did that you talk about him sure. I mentioned them and go go to the website read this here's what it's about Go to the website and read this Oh, don't know how to do that. No, they're not It's matter of fact, that's another component of the show because I'm taking every tooling the whole thing up because the management is just uninvolved Oh, Lloyd Benson died. Who you know he was best known for no senator from Texas and he was the one a tool van quail during the debate presidential debate in what you were that had been Oh, I got I knew Jack Kennedy. Yeah, Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. You know Jack Kennedy. That was one of the great moments He was 85 and he just died from where you were senator and secretary of treasury Lloyd Benson is dead and always asked by him because he was a good guy even though he was from Texas Whoa That was a great moment in debating Absolutely, did you ever see the tape of that? Yes, I did many times. Yeah, it's funny I knew Jack Kennedy. Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine and senator. You're no Jack Kennedy and Quail just did there. We're like Danny Quail. Hey, if you love voting just about everybody in central loves to get out there on the water. Wait, it's not your order But if you ever thought about buying a boat don't do that because boy, what a lot of grease and what a lot of expense to instead do a smarter thing called club not to go At one 800 boat rent right now and draw all the time into what do you want why pretty expenses of boat ownership when you can rent one hassle free join the club at club notico Call 1 800 boat rent you'll be amazed at just how easy it is no docking cost no expense about keep no insurance or no hurricane preparation with the boat from club notico It is totally stress free and affordable to call 1 800 boat rent. This is the smart way to get out there on the water. Have a swell time No getting the boat ready because sub notico does it for you and when you're all done no cleaning up the messy because club notico takes care of that to And club notico just tap on your boat and go when you don't have it a great time pull under the dock it often just run away just set it and forget it walk away It's easy. Club notico call 1 800 boat rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats all the way up to yacht charters and everything in between It's club notico call 1 800 boat rent and let's come notico till or plan to fit your needs and your budget Get on the water today the smart the hassle freeway by calling our good piezines and club notico toll free. It's 1 800 boat rent This is new Rogers this is 5 16 2 8 Moreland fans it's the 2006 2 a.m. Mercedes Ben's Grands Lamping contest By Marlon's Square hits a grand slam and a bit that he could win a 2 year league of a Mercedes Ben's season 30 for more information Welcome to W2 and the company the 2006 Mercedes Ben's Grands Lamping contest Or for your 5 16 2 a.m. What I think is quite the start that wouldn't very good on like a way to sound You know I still can't get over as much as I watch the standing in the shadows of the motel when Joe Osborne is doing muffy comes to the broken hearted. I just keep watching that guy who's part I don't know what he actually is who's conducting the orchestra you know who you're talking about And I don't understand it because they're not they're not really looking at him you know what I'm saying all this is a visual thing You just think they're not looking at him. Huh you think they're not looking at him. But when you're watching an orchestra you don't see them really Why are they picking out of the corner there on the ticket of peak they're sneaking of peak or maybe sneak into the bar high that blinds you know That's just great. I just love that and she is so good and of course Ben Harper goes without saying I'm just he disturbs me very much. He's very annoying to me because he could be bigger than a halvah And he just that he's you sent me a so depressing and he picks to a well he's right now that stuff that's all him. He wrote all that stuff Well talented the ending exciting listen and exactly see there you go a disc proves you point some people don't do both and they're the right in great musicians Some people are just great singers right which he is that's what the important thing The writer's sack but that's it's too bad But anyway, I just love that standing in the shadows of more time. I could watch that once a week and I don't ever get tired of it. You know, I mean I know much the whole thing sometimes I do and sometimes I just watch certain scenes I just be loving it. In fact the guy who's like really I don't know what his name is and I apologize for that because those wife folks all look to send to me But to one guy to place the tambourine, you know, yeah, mr. tambourine man. No, no, they got it's kind of like the I don't other names I see there you go. But you know the one I'm talking I do he's the one that's talking when he's doing a two proud of bag and he's starting to explain what it is how they do to me And he's just great. He's just fabulous 930 some on votes already look at that 937. We're gonna have we're gonna have a thousand votes before noon today is my predilection. How do you like that? I'm going to decide our goal is going to be eight million We don't have a goal. It'll be look if we look don't start pushing now. Okay, don't get put you we have a thousand every day man That's pretty good on this radio station. It's that's more listeners and somebody that's certainly between two and four they kind of know thousand people listen Especially three to four when you got a point five Oh, and your target demo on a sports nerd station and that's all you got you maybe like you could you could probably go to denies and find more people in that like you know breakfast time Even in the middle of the afternoon and off hour Good God. It's just and these people are even a humparized and right out right up front. I want to put them on a spot But I said to him are they talking with you about anything that they're doing or thinking about or would like to do or No, I think we need to have an echo in out of business sale. What's the one that we're both gonna talk some all that dumb sports thing? Yeah, which one he's done several not know the new one. Oh, but you heard that time. Yeah, I'm sure if the one that goes Boyle radio five sixty W Q a F your headquarters for take interviews with dumb ass criminal athletes The station that turned to for sport host weavers followed by a much mouse dumb ass Sound like anyone you know And if you think they run intelligible just because of the fall One no Charlie radio five sixty W Q a M catering to a demographic of under educated degenerate gamblers loyal to wealthy closet Gay Republicans who still live with their mother and are too cheap to buy anything anyway I like your fact hey, what a game last night, huh? Yeah, here I didn't agree on W Q a M. He said Boyle radio is it anyone there why we're going out of business. 23 past 11 I don't think it is anyone there I don't wonder any more matter fact under the George W boy someone who makes you more than anybody else One of the two girls out when you see him on TV makes you nauseous makes you run to the bull run for us sack nine hundred and forty five ohs are right It what I tell you a thousand by noon and then the sky's the limit right right right I think we turn the quarter this so last couple of days Fine, I finally seen the light like Todd Rungering I would mind playing that if I had it you got that I saw the light by Todd Runger second Songman heavy duty and they know Bobby Sherman little one very good song. It's a great song And I was a good person man to look at the top right there was no original name Hey Todd you fairly run for that is not time for extra I think it off the rest and get rid of that kiss wrap and see here here's okay. That's another time What I would do is I would put the country music back on this station right and I'd put us on FM That's right. Would it be great idea and then we could play the oldies man play some fan we put that Bob Hamilton right out of business That's a good frequency to that you can do a lot with what is 99.1 99 99.1 99.1 is James their jam on it. I think James don't they put jam on it? I don't know that's right. Jelly is it let's be jelly. I did I James. I'm on jam 99.9 boy. Yeah, that's got a lot of those Yeah, and if they drop it like so much we could make him the PD and if you turn it upside down You know a PD stands for yeah 66. You know a PD stands for a rubber group a great grouper's case is a pretty desperate 951 vote boy. I'm proud of that Pat Robertson's got 200 point out of Bill or bodies right on Pat's ass to 18 don't tell the Lord Jesse Jackson 156 Sean Hannity 119 other Nazi other Nazis on his pool Rick stands has 75 Rosio Donald 21 every Tuesday's record card by the way. He wanted join the party, but they said no to stupid Rosio Donald 21 Tucker Carlson 21 Bono 21 Mary Cheney 20 even the Nazis have standards You know, so I would look Ricky Tickey in there Sanchez. I hate saying Ricky Tickey Here's the thing I'm talking about Rick Shaw. We would never not Rick Shaw on his show. He's our bud Mary Cheney 20 self-hating bike star Jones 14 Paula Abdul 14 Donnie Roseville out of nowhere is already moving up to 13 tied with Nancy Grace trans 13 Which hopefully is an unlucky number in her case. Maybe she'll like break both legs Chris Matthews 9 William Donahue of the Catholic League that's our business and five and Rod Regan Jr the ballet dancer. Hey Ronnie you're fairie has got solamente trace on a three I've got to before we do the break even here. Let me refresh it again a nine look at nine 53. Huh real good shot at a thousand by the top of the R That's our goal. Let's hop on to pull today man. Hop on that's our goal is to hop on that pool That's what screw in used to say speaking a choice to rat for what an idiot. Yeah, he's you know The sad part of it is don't ever do anything for anybody That's my best advice to Jordan. I would learn that lesson. I went to bat for him man I got him airtime. He wanted to be a big on the air celebrity and then he's not fat on the ear He's okay. It's certainly better and a lot of crap. We got and I went to bat for him anything I could do you know and he just he just Along you know what it comes to servicing right in copies of like he'll long and how's that new copy writer? They were supposed to be hiring two four months ago. I got the money to see that person and we hired anybody. Oh, that's why you don't know yet It's almost Memorial day. That's next Monday time for the mattress and furniture stores to tell right in those phony sales They do it for you. You know the sales where they double the price and then they say we're going to give you half off Well, what kind of a deal is that? Don't waste your time money driving around shopping for a mattress saved like never before When you called dialometres a 1-800 mattress right now Their prices are lower than the mall stores even during the so-called half off sales and only dial a match delivers from eight in the morning till 10 pm every single day Same day delivery available and you choose you date in time with them to our window That's convenient for you when they show up on your home when you like that's why direct them were one of the world for the best customer service and the business And dial a mattress doesn't carry any off-brands that nobody ever heard of They have the complete line of all the top names silly and sort of Simmons King co-accoil tempered experience of an NS foster two when you call 1-800 mattress You'll get the best prices on the best brands. That's why I've used them for years. You can't get a better deal all the way around So if your old mattress is had it if it's lumpy and bumpy and you're not getting the nice sleep. What should be waiting for? Pick up that phone right now called 1-800 mattress or log under their website mattress dot com be where those half off sales Man or anything like dial a mattress sleep comfortably night. I'm at great new mattress some dial a mattress by making up one easy call right now Just sit there on your fat ass reach for the instrument and call 1-800-MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational stupidness saving This is meal Rogercircle Max pays продолжized Where did you go? Day This was the final book. In the swing of 90 days, Black strength before the end of the season. You heard the rumor, While the answer is failed, It was a time I'd be ever so well. The night and clear what's going on, All the tones were written, And night and clear what's going on. All the people were singing, And I was told, These made something and all turned on. The whole world with rappers, The dangers count, Those who lived in our TV. And a child of heaven, His dream stands beyond the tree. And one good, If all the clouds had a hand in praise, And one good song on the ground. We're learning how to sing When you be heard, If all the angels were silent, Saying, The night and clear what's going on. All the people were singing, And night and clear what's going on. If all theUPers singing, Don't believe, Or should remain united, So begging for nostalgia. I did it all for the two of us.Thanks for having me. We've had to be back, Where I wasn't, And I turned on only light. Should there be five stars, Right now! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! You're a pro! Oh! Oh! Mitch Ryer! You're a pro! You're a pro! Okay, twenty-five till noon, my mom's joined the music man. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like the music that I should have. Who doesn't know why? The new regime. Oh, the P.A. And by the way, speed of the new regime. My Earthwiler attorney and agent who's supposed to be talking to them and expressing them, I great to smay with the kind of crap that, with the way they're dismantling the operation. Uh, I hear nothing from him. I don't want a phone call by the way. No more to smoke because I still got a little raspy throat. I don't want to waste my voice screaming in the oven at that idiot. But I was maybe like an email works, You know, we were like the one I got from Eric Brandon, Where he didn't say anything. He just gave me a phone number. Maybe he wants me to get him a job, Eric Brandon. I don't even know Eric forget stuff like that all the time boys mail Or emails people wanting you to contact them. There's no reason why I know that all right I just what is he? You know, I know just fill it out here. I go to date. Let's take a chance. I want to date. Okay. I know you better. No no chance Lloyd Benson I caught me. That's the reason I played the damn quail thing. There's damn quail was Dumber than son of us. He made George Bush like I look at your jeans Lloyd Benson, a courtly text and a representative of the state in Congress for 28 years and served his president Clinton for his treasury secretary died this morning He was 85 He was also the Democratic 1988 Vice Presidential nominee that in his home in Houston He ran with 88 would have been Michael Ducaca But democrat sure not how to do it. Don't they? 84 was water-mine Dale and Geraldine Ferraro who has been just half-it-a-be a monster but nevertheless It was during that campaign that he told Bible Dan Quail and a debate. You're no jack Kennedy Senator that was that was so great his distinguished political career took him from the humble beginnings of a country You are county office in Rio Grande Valley in the 40s to six years in the US House 22 years in the US Senate and two in a Clinton cabinet where he was instrumental in directing administration as he can out of policy And especially had eight years of great Approachability and we were a pan3 and half bucks a gallon for gas Oh whatever it is these days. I know it's a bargain like two ninety nine for regular who uses regular anyway Slopers there is no regular anymore right I need you two. Oh we'll have that thousand by noon Like you could say fat boys getting canned man fast and you can say that that's what you told me this morning That's what I heard at fat boys on a way out. Well, what an api of shame And then of course you have been the old soccer that you are tell me how far you feel about that if indeed that's true Yeah, well, he's got you know a lot of hungry mouth defeat well, you know something I think that that if there's any family and some for like you go for like six months without even a And unhappy meal that's the family they could go on a good long fast even if they did slowly They could go on a good fast leave me they got plenty of Reserve but this is a guy that tried to throw your ass under the bus in that treasure island thing and you still you know Yeah, I'm not a great I take back what I said you know on the exterior You put on the exterior being a hard ass, but underneath all of that crusty surface You nothing but an old softy. That's right That's a problem and I write Josh. Yeah, he puts on a crusty a hard exterior like a real cube and a hard ass But underneath all of it he's just he's just limp That's what I heard mushing nine and that's what they're tough to tell me 986 votes On a pool I got a good come by your buddy Doug Thompson from Capitol Blue good actually this is from What was the 19th of been? Friday Well, it doesn't make any difference because I'm I don't know I don't want to do a lot of reading with this slam and of course I certainly a lot of and look at the way the phone is ringing Aren't they gonna be in for a big shot? Huh? I listen I need those phone calls like I need him right all right The idea that a guy like me who has been in his business a hundred years and 30 years and And all these numbers and all the success and make it a big bucks the idea that I need to talk to a bunch of lungheads who think that they're all like auditioning for Ted Max amateur hour And that's how I need what I need to do to show your dreamin. I don't need it. Do I need it? No, no, I don't actually don't need it if I never took another call again You know what it would be too soon because you know, let's make the shortlist, okay? You got Reverend Joe's in his boyfriend. Okay, he's Colors from the past the fact that the only thing that he ever said that was amusing You're gay that was it. Well said that's enough. So that's two him and his boy friend then you got Him and his impersonator to more right right? Yeah crazy pros acroners that so there's five then you got the guard for there's six and then we got the new one It thinks he's very amusing about it puts the the full on the blank in the basket How many times he caught yesterday and everyone was boring judge without getting food you know The long talking about so that's six oh I only know Oh, yeah, we way way can't even get in yesterday. So there's seven and you got like those two or three Julios Just sit around having a circle party And the garden party that we're gonna see about there's nine How many does that make nine? So so maybe it doesn't basically and then then what's it great? Wow You got to go through those guys each about ten times and maybe on the 80th hit you get somebody like might have something to say It's just not worried it's it's a huh right maybe it's like saying it did my sheeneth the casino You know, it's just maybe maybe on the 80th hit of the button you might get a cherry, you know for four bucks that that's just ain't worth it That's what I call he did my sheen. Oh Here you go. Here's a good one And we only have a bit about this, but I can't find been looking forward for a long time in the bit too and I don't know what it's called And you won't know it either because you didn't put it in there Billy Mays for oxy-clean right and I don't know what that thing is called there's blood Bob or Stubler across the one these days back soon. If you ever find it let me know what it is all right Says I can't get to my remote fast enough when I see and here Billy Mays for oxy-clean. He is annoying Of all the informational guys he may be the most annoying I mean some of the most of the guys are a little bit entertaining. You know like Ron Popeel is corny as Ron is nice Got the daughter on there and a whole deal just said it anyhow and he's got he's got uncle Charlie or whatever his name is the Jewish guy And I still don't think Ron for peel is Jewish but nevertheless He's got a Jewish uncle. You know, didn't everybody have a Jewish uncle they are name mugsie But he's under some of the knife sets and the the thing the set and forget it machine But Billy Mays man's really annoying. He's an alien but huh ACM Why I don't you ask him me probably I would think so why I was heck of a neural with town No, it's not that all looking huh? It's gonna give us a place to start looking what do you mean by that? If it's not in the machine No, please don't waste your time it goes back a long time and it's in your condition in your delicate condition and ain't worth the end Okay, okay Here's a fact that says oh, yeah read a cause me listening to her speak is Sydney, but I I see I'll see then this is dick-dike whatever his name is dick fan-dike the IK and He also don't want to do just one so he mentions these other people But he wants very mad at him. I guess it is choice and that's a good choice. That's James Carvel's right wing bitch Why I don't buy that I don't buy that That's why I'm that the No, I'm sorry there there are there are bonding like that There there there are pairings like that. I know it's hard to believe The ultra right wing bitch and the ultra liberal bald head of geek. You know Maybe she likes to rub his bald spot. I have no idea what it's all about and don't care Because quite frankly he leaves me very limp too lately. He was on all every king had the best political panel I said and he had a great political panelion Carvel and Wolflet's greek and that pimped John King who covers the White House for a CNN and I found candy cowley and then that right wing Sharks are rubber public and what does his name the former Oklahoma Congressman can't think of his name and who else and that was in The best political panel until you this panel You know the one thing about all these talking hit shows you know what they all do nothing They have far too many guests You know that's to deal I come up with they take some first of all 50 minutes to introduce Who all the people are and then each one gets to say about 10 words and then oh and closing and what's your final comment? You know, that's it just stupid 16 till no one a QM. We got Kimbo camp over it too What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long how about getting an instant $200 cool cash Reban on the world smartster conditioner the five star edition of the carrier and friendly system You can get this Daniel system for more sir and heat where they've been taking care of track County area families for three long great generations As a carrier effect we authorized the other voice guarantee you're 100% satisfaction and that Your aunt is back by carrier the people who are vetted air conditioning in the first place of now a vetted a new carrier infinity system This may be actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted so to make sure you're always getting maximum efficiency and the maintain maximum Fistension your corridor conditioner be sure to join the voice Aaron heat comfort club twice a year They'll inspect and tune your system and if you have any problem with your a single enjoy a priority same day service And give 10% off on needed repairs as well all of us for just 110 bucks a year So whether you choose the two speed and fit into the system with pure out or peace of mind with a comfort club either way Make the smart twice the noise choice voice Aaron heat call 1 800 377 705 turn to the experts 1 800 377 075 a major in Tom that twice referred for it a call One more place. I see he put Josh's at it again Mary Madeline as a metal and Muriel here metal not man. It's MAT a L. I and my bad I should have spelled it out for you. It's a very unusual name and she's a very unusual right wing bitch And I should have spelled it for you. Well, there is a word to come to your rescue. Mary Madeline not Madeline as in Madeline shorts I think it might be interesting just like we did with kind of a dragon kind of a flag like to do a little do wedskie Stop can you believe I did that I believe it I can't believe That's really all good all by itself and it like it's in stereo Yeah Oh Oh god you won't hear that on the OGM and Kuffy Shogu or Nt that I'm a juice That was a nice, I get juice bomb, I'm a juice bomb just here in there Hey wait, keep promising to read this dog Thompson thing But I like he's a hair-mine throat, it's bad for him Although you know what it would have been come back and make sense that they drive Yeah, not the bird, you don't think so And while you're wolfing down the food there probably from Hauice That's right Yeah, I know it Okay, I could tell by the way, by the sound Where you're chopping there Are you not eating? I'm not eating. I'm a sick man, aren't you? I'm having toast Just some toast Mr. Milk toast That nice We got a thousand and twenty votes already Boy, we are, we're unfired today, you know? And we haven't taken one call, have we? No, I can read call No, we haven't taken one call And we're having a ball Good, by y'all on the phone That's a raspberry for you And there's another one Doug Thompson writes to religious phony's who were our government And he happens as usual of me, not always, but he's usually I'm so really correct Sadly, homophobia rules the United States Senator writes I suppose I should expect such intolerance and legislative body Roby the Republican Party The homo of racist, bigots, and hate Led by the biggest homophobal of all President George W. Bush The GOP continues to represent repression at the highest level The latest assault comes at hands of the Senator, a committee in a session so heated That Democratic member Russ Feingal It's a goal stocked out as Chairman Arlin's Spector-Chanted Good Widdens The committee in a private session approved a constitutional ban on game marriage Just a latest Republican assault on liberty I'm measure that mandate said marriage is only legal between a man and a woman Voice the homophobin chief declared the constitutional amendment A major part of his political capital act of the 2004 election His fellow homophobes in the Senate Appear to determine to back his bigoted ways I'm not surprised that worked with an effort Publicans violent Washington realized the parties overrun by Gavebashers racist and bigots What they call family values is nothing more than a Call to arms against anyone who does buy that Limited hate field view of life What they call decent is nothing more than old fashioned Intolerance and it's worst These right wing fanatics have to Bible When they think they have fun and obscure verse that supports their Neural mind and views and then ignore the overall teachings of religion that promote love and tolerance Not surprisingly they treat the constitution with the same calis dysregard Bush claims to be a Christian but curses like a sailor often take in the Lord's name and vain In fact, G.D. is one of Bush's favorite of Senabies At the very least this is a bad behavior for a so-called Christian But at all for a second believe that Bush is a Christian or a religious man He's an opportunist who uses religion as a political tool As do far too many of the so-called family value of the publicans who in fact Congress like a rampaging cancer True Christians wouldn't promote the hate and tolerance of the bigotry that comes out of Congress true Christians wouldn't continue to back an illegal invasion of another country One that has led to the deaths of thousands of American soldiers and many thousands of Iraqi civilians True Christians wouldn't try to amend the US constitution to declare a love The sole province of heterosexuals true Christian the cannot exist in Congress ruled by the Republican party Right dark Tofton who happens to be in this case That's so illegal Yes, there you go. Good old. We're gonna say that very long Yes, how do you like that poll? They be way over a thousand votes by and by noon no less No more in a thousand by two God, this this is scary, you know and especially how could anybody be listening? We haven't taken any of those great calls yet today No boy how could anybody possibly be listening? Without hearing you know why but I'm hearing people Fading away on the phone, you know, you'll run and doubt feed them out I just can't even imagine it But I think we're gonna get used to it because I don't I just I have no explanation even looking Oh, you know, I'm going to screen I got to screen saver on all my screens Hmm, my monitors right and so why should we solve I can't really see anything is ringing on that particular one on the phone one unless I Unless I move my mouth There a little bit unless I did it on my mouth a little bit which I just did a little bit. I see yeah, I just realized ring in and good letting him ring have a good time I'll keep you off the street. Look at that here's a story about a pudgy pooch with Straftor roads It's not illegal, but the results are certainly a more like that I like that they put that poor nice collier on a diet of beer and donuts It's the miracle that she is and healthy Oh my, well, see that look at that maybe you ought to try that George I'm more concerned Oh, look how fat she will for baby look in threat. I got her in a pool swimming We have center usually I can end all my dog A few sessions to start playing games in the pool Sessa isn't there yet Talk about fat boy But after five sessions, she's dropped seven pounds Well, thanks guys Twenty minutes burning calories in the pool I'm just so proud of her You know, I just think she's doing just awesome Let's say pudgy pooch You know, so they wouldn't surprise me because I know that put fat people who have kids have fat kids Oh, it's big of a lot of them I got to go walk Yeah, look at that, look at that poor thing Man, that's bigger than fat boy Well, not almost maybe pound for pound She looks pretty happy though, aren't she? Well, beer and donuts, but she didn't give me some of the ice She's got a little beer and some of the exercise in the pool What if there were crispy creams and what was that puppy in there? What was all he just thought he was eating ice because of the smart guy I was I didn't even read Can we get back to whatever the hell we were just saying whoever we were asking We were ripping big fat ass Oh, it's a boy can span you Ever boy can span you? I ever heard about that No, not lately That's bad I'm not all that big on span you You know, and they're okay, I guess I get a pretty smart, huh? Okay, ugly dog, isn't it? I'm not fond of them Personally See, but that's bad, you know, like puddles I mean, who knows? I don't think of puddles even really a dog Everybody's always touting puddles, oh, they're so sad They don't shed and this and that and they're great They're the dog of kings and they know that I couldn't, sorry Not for this could have bit by a puddle I don't like them and I think they're out of blame Just like that, I had a bad experience I had with a kitty cat that one time And I heard This is Neil Rodgers I could've heard of it right in my arm This is five, sixteen Well, Ryan would litter anyone This is at a home land security domerage Advising you to put duct tape on your radio When I raised the morning color to think For the Neil Rodgers 12 to one hour He was trapped in ice lived in a glass box and spent nine days underwater Now master illusionist David Lane faces his greatest challenge ever Come on man, I got a kid in there Yes, David Lane on the can But alone in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half bath near the laundry room Dave, aren't really new, take a day in there David Lane on the can With only a glass of metamusium, a nearly empty roll of sharmun And a five month old sports illustrated Dave, come on dude, I so need to get in there Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Lane on the can When David finally emerges from his fortress of fecal matter Oh, ears nails Uh, you know, come think of it I don't have to go that bad, see you later Lane on the can this time around He's making other people hold their breath A big case Go to the Oh, drop There's a bottle of water Oh, a glass of water Oh, a glass of soy sauce Oh, a glass of soy sauce Oh, no, it's not a man who is crazy I'll be ashamed, huh? What do you do that? I wonder if he took his head off first Because he'll what his sequel was to a runaway Then he's caught up in hats off to Larry That's right, hats off Larry Probably five, sixty WDQ I'm still a little scratchier today Haven't taken a call for his two hours Quite frankly Ah It's quite a ball of that Oh, they're going to speak of Do fair that One of the most notorious self-hating quings of all time Is in the news again Conservative anyway Mad Drog has all been retracted a story about the democratic national committee chairman Howard Dean After receiving a letter from the DNC's lawyers, Rostor, it can be seen And it was a picture of Miss Fudge right there What has kind of like caught off to the side like a bird Who would have still yes hat on his big bald spot There's another one that all he does Makes him many TV appearances in for obvious reasons Saying he took the DNC at the ward and declined to mention the fact he had received a letter from a DNC Laura asked him to take a story, that story down Drog posted an update to a story claiming that chairman Dean had intervened in a New Orleans mayoral race His update noted the DNC had vehemently denied the report The Drog report takes chairman Dean and his spokesman at the ward Drog wrote he did not find explicit retraction It couldn't do that The DNC communication director Karen Finney said the move came only after the committee's lawyer Had penned a note to Drog asking him to take that story down Because of the seriousness of the inaccuracy and the reckless disregard of the facts I did ask her lawyer to send a note to Drog asking him to take the story down Payed told Rostoray She said it was pretty raw I'm disappointed that Drog would run such a grossly inaccurate story Especially when it comes to protecting the people's rights of OCHI at it The DNC consulted his attorneys yesterday after a story claimed that Dean had intervened in a New Orleans Recent mayoral race in which they reelected that bonehead Ray Nagan Some day evening the Drog he foreclamed that Dean through his support behind mayoral candidate and sitting in Lieutenant Governor Mitch Landruh Over sitting mayor Ray Nagan finished the report was absolutely false Absolutely Senny was the means to find her quote given early in the raw story and Drog his story She said she hadn't spoken to Mr.udge That's you she told me referring to Drog's latest article The DNC does not as false again involved democratic primers finish said We didn't have pull watches out to make sure people weren't just in franchise But it was not to have many candidates completely out of rage as she said out of rage as Meaning Mr.udge putting this crap on there and email to a misfug with not return it says the end of the raw story That's surprising to you. No, probably I shopping for a new hat wouldn't surprise me at all Katrina octopsie all boys speak of that whole and all-in situation. You see this story? No octopsie results obtained by CNN show a mentally disabled man with shot in the back When he was killed by New Orleans police in the aftermath of her came to treatment I think I may have gotten the last big blah, but other and probably not for them all Hmm, that'd be nice. What is got to this testimony by police sergeant that the victim had turned toward officers was reaching into his race ban when he got Shot, now is wrong. I got more coming. Clearly he was shot from behind said famed near our pathologist Dr. Michael Baden Baden, Baden, remember he was in the O. J. No, yeah, you do. Who was the Chinese guy? Henry Lee, remember him, right? And Dr. Michael Baden, who was em in the body for the family's lawyer. A prosecutor said the case will go before a grand jury soon And acknowledge the investigation, who's the possibility of police wrong doing. Oh, that's not possible is it? Police wrong doing. I can't believe that. But heard of such a thing. Ronald Madison 40 was mentally disabled and lived at home with his mother. He had no criminal record. He was shot when police responded to a report of gunfire on a bridge over an influx of industrial canal on Sunday, September 4, Six days after Katrina and Aliens last year. It was a week of dark flooding rampant looting death by drowning. Police restrained be sent by suicides and desertion. For people were killed in confrontation with police that we can't alone. Madison's older brother Lance said he and Ronald were walking across the Danzig or Bridge toward another brother's dental office. When teenagers ran up behind him and opened fire that Sunday morning. By his account, he and Ronald were running away toward the crest of the bridge when a police team responded to the report of gunshots arrived in a rental truck and opened fire on people on the bridge. Police have written a warm riley tool CNN. Several of the people were shot in two were killed by officers in a running gun battle. Most police who asked last summer between 6 and 12 seconds and it's all over with. This was a running gun battle went on several minutes. One teenager still on identified was killed near the base of the bridge. Another was critically wounded. Two other people with them were also shot in hospitalized. They shouldn't have been running on that bridge. They were going to think right. They will do that if you want to run on the bridge and they are going to have a bad circle. And here's a picture of Ronald Madison who was shot in the back and he's got his little puppy dog there. Pretty sad. Young guy that was a little puppy. They shoot his ass in the back. Well, they should have done that. Whatever he did, he shouldn't have done it. Shouldn't have been born a couple of bricks short like that. Speaking of pets, quite a lot of animal stories today. They're like we're doing animal farm or George Orwell when we need them. Stick a look at that poll result first though. We're certainly going to do over 1100. God, they're going to write this up. This will be on a flood page of the Sun's hatler. You know? Remember the Hollywood Sun's hatler? No. You don't? That's a newspaper. I remember the mining news. Well, it wasn't newspaper. And the mining news? That wasn't newspaper? Wonder how hard the finder he's doing? He was the editor of the Fli me news. What are he still going through the Panther games? He's thinking, and that was some line and Hank came up with this morning. He's a little bit militant. I understand what he's saying is very little interest in hockey in South Florida. But to suggest that there's nobody, nobody who's following the Sandbacca playoffs in South Florida is just a wee bit over the top. And again, it goes back to that kind of like a narrow thing. Oh, everybody's following the shack and the heat. Well, maybe a lot of people are. I don't doubt that because it's a front running phony bandwagon town. But this balloon event, everybody in their brother is George Orwell care about the heat. Now, it's just us two men. Everybody else, they're just going to ease for the craft. Okay, I'm going to tell Matt to my morning on a crossover. Humphrey, you're full of craft. And God, Matt, that's in Hobbit. The lines were still there. Go down the national air. Take the pass and he's proud here at Rolley. Do it's Carolina again. For game number two. Hope he's going to settle this off at a split. Well, I got a minute. Result, they won four to four to three. Where do the third goal come from? I don't think that's right. Fortist three. Did I fall asleep? You right before the save is must escort a late boy. The save is a one five three. Again, guess who scored two goals for Carolina last night, by the way. I just mentioned this in passing. I give up. Let me give you up. You're the hockey expert in the fact you mean to say you weren't following these things? No, well, let me give you a clue here if I can find it in the damn thing. Ray, what do you see? You got to be afraid to play the audio clue. How do you know that? Somebody told you. No. You knew that? I know which drop you had to the machine. I was like a little bit. I was like, you're like the rest of the year. And I just guessed the first one that came to mind. Well, there you go. That's why you think of it would have been anybody else. I would have suggested you my guess it. No. The three? I must have dozed off for something. Maybe it's either better, Paul Velberg. Well, I guess I turned over to E. That's right. I got again, Paul Velberg and play him a more. He's retired. He's coaching. All right. Everything he needs in demons was on the 10th. So I guess maybe I turned away. And I don't, I don't we call, I gotta look that up. I mean, he certainly would make a mistake on there. But could I possibly wrong about a hockey score? That would be a fruit. It was impossible. Huh? You've been sick, you know? Let me look at it. All right. Let me look at it. I'll look at it. I'll look at it. Okay. I just sent a little bit of a song. Let's go and screw it up and start to handle what you look at it. Let's see. Sports. And somebody must care because I've had to do the story about it. What is the NBA thing like I said nobody cares. Hurricanes, four savers, three. I gotta see what time they scored the third goal. Because I was four to two, and I must have turned over to the fans. And this doesn't even have the boss score to game. It has nothing. Where is the, where is the, who wrote this crap? Keith Parsons of the AP. Well, I hope somebody appeasing your house. Pebble Newman in the play. That's the reason Buffalo's got to be. Pebble Newman. Why? I don't know. Okay, let's say that for that. I don't know when he scored a third goal. Maybe somebody will call in and the course we're not taking the calls. That's okay. Think we ought to take a few calls today. Oh, it's all right, Bobby. You know, my response would be no. I don't want. I don't want. I'm sick of them. I mean, one of the point you made is very accurate when you start taking some right now. You know exactly who it's going to be and what you're going to say. WM, hello. Hey, I'm going to go to a score with about 2.7 seconds we've lasted again. Oh, you saw you know, wait a minute, Hank says nobody has self-floor to cares about the hockey games. Well, Hank's full of doo-doo. Hey, man. Well said. Thanks, Pally. Grabbing him. Thanks. See, there's the answer to the question. What? No, there are those times when it's worth getting the call when we need some information. And none of us has the answer. And I don't want to sit here wasting a lot of valuable airtime, right? Potsking around. I could go to the, you know, that's a way to work. Right. That's exactly right. And it doesn't. Maybe we can we train the audience. You think? We train the audience. They call it like that. I'll do the right thing. We pull the doo-doo. Okay, he's one. He's two dimensional man. So he knows now is horse racing and nobody gives a flying crab about horse racing. And the only people who care about how much of our running phone he's. He admitted that it's never going to change. All those plastic A holes there. And then they're walking around with a big drinking their hand and not even watching the game. That's why, like, especially during the regular season, you watch a heat game. It looks like there's about a thousand people are in the stands. Because all the rest of them, however many showed up, even if it's a sell-up, they're wandering around, schmoozing and losing and boozing and cruising, you know. Much of plastic phones. The heat, my ass. How do you like that? I'm trying not to picture that. Well, first of all, we don't carry the heat on this station. Okay, WIVD has the heat came. We're not your heat station. I understand we don't carry the dolphins anymore either. But, you know, the dolphins are far away, never went into market for sports. So obviously we can't forget about them. But all of this sudden newfound obsession with white hot, they're heat. First of all, ain't kind of white players on heat. Did they have any Josh? Hmm, they have any white players? Yes. Well, at least it again. Do they have any white players on a Miami heat? I just said yes. How many? Uh, two. Ha ha ha ha. Well, that's white hot. Yeah. 1214, if you love voting, that's a given in South order. Coz it's a voting kind of a place, man. Just ask Votobus. If you ever thought about buying a boat, stop and do something as smart or by calling Club Nautico at 1-800-Bolt-Rent do it right now. Why do you want to pay the expenses owning a boat and go through all the grief and vannits and real, uh, cimmests? When you rent one hassle free, through an acrobic club Nautico called 1-800-Bolt-Rent you'll be amazed at just how easy it is. There are no docking costs, no expensive upkeep no insurance and no hurricane preparation. Hurricane season by the way starts officially next week. Keep that in mind. With a boat from Club Nautico, it's totally stress free and really affordable too. So call 1-800-Bolt-Rent. No have it to worry about getting the boat ready because Club Nautico does it for it. You're sure if it's all set for you to go. No cleaning up either when you're done. At Club Nautico, you just hop on your boat and go when you don't have an a fantastic time, pull into the dock it off and leave. Just walk away. It's that easy. Call Club Nautico today 1-800-Bolt-Rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from a small boat to yacht charters and everything in between. It's club. Bar of East City. Nautico. Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent and let Club Nautico take their plan to fit what you need and your budget to. Get on the water today. The smart, the hassle free the inexpensive way by calling Club Nautico. The number of the experts at 1-800-Bolt-Rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-6. Cheese. Time once again for Dan Kreil's family values thinger. Illustrating how to be traditional even in the night. Was it that dinner great kid? Yeah. Ma'am those with a best hamburger as you ever bought. Better than the pizza you had delivered last night. Well what are you kids up to tonight? No dad. I've got my believe in the crew and tomorrow night's lesbian scalp. Uh huh. Son, you need help with that scale model. Serial killer, your building. Some other time dad, silly and I are going shopping for condoms. Oh, sounds like you're getting serious about that girl. Oh, dad. Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some part of movies. Gee. You two are the best parents in the kid that ever have. Thanks dad. That's quite all right here. Thanks mom. Thanks quite all right dear. Join us again next time for family values theater. Where life is a big moon with a vice president and some ad venation. I know them say. Oh, that's nice to meet with wonderful. Double YouTube fan. Oh, my name is Hotsen and she would all lay down. You got this big movie and you got this big movie. Oh, you're just being worldwide. Where I want to see you and I'm the same. I'm the same. I check the black kids. I check the black kids. No gully. We got Kim Bo Kampere too. He's bringing in that big new cow from university. He died. Oh, uh huh. Speaking of animals, that was really great the way I punched that up. We had like a real call and you're telling me, don't take any of those calls. That's what he said Josh. Some like that. Mary Madeline by the way, takes Eric up to spelling right from a mad Mary Madeline. See, I think Josh got all whipped up because you see that you just announced it. Mary Madeline Madeline Madeline. Okay. Because of because you've seen that super the ventricle movie. Josh is no co-seated. It's a waste of money. It sucks. In fact, Saturday morning at 10 and you know, we have an at one call. Look at all the calls we took. We have an at one call about the thing that he asked her. Huh? Not even a fact. So I'm illuminating angel and demons. I thought it was a pretty damn interesting show. Even even Josh agreed who's very hard to please on these things. But even he agreed was well worth the time. Yeah. Very good. It was very, very good and very informative and very interesting. And just wept the Catholic church in ass and gave you some real good history about what about your hope is, purpose is crap all is. And I still symbols and stories and bubble my season. Ferretale from the Egyptians who who in turn stole from others before them. Right? And the Babylonians and they steal from the Babylon people. Or the Egypt was one of the original three so. Yeah. Anybody who are watching that was burnt? I don't think you're burning. I said anybody who questioned the Catholic church. I got a little burn now. They've they've introduced in the God George Browns. A television shot of a little boy losing his dog during the rescue operations after Hurricane Katrina was the catalyst for a house passage yesterday. I've led just to be considered in future murderers he prepared just fine. That was so callous and so cruel the way they went through. That was all part of Ray Niggins being a jackass. That's why I got related Saturday. What about we split it by Norl? And since it says fool it's a dump it's a piece of crap and they deserve an idea like Ray Niggins. They deserve to have him because he's a simple thing. The dog was taken away from this little boy and watch his face was a singularly revealing and tragic experience said representative Tom Lanto is some California sponsored the pet evacuation and transportation standards act. Wow. The largest place was born at that moment he said. See the picture some for little kid getting the separate from his puppy dog. Shame on him. Shame on you Ray Niggins you jackass you chop the jackass. The bill was passed here in 49 to 24. Well of course see when you got a bill on puppy dogs how many people are going to hold against it. Right. 24. Requires that state local preparedness office is taking to look. Account pet owners household pets and service animals when Drawing up evacuation plans offices that failed to do so with not qualified grants from FEMA. Oh god. Hey you know something this business about Ray Niggins being and again talking a big game of all next time he's going to be your heir right. There will be an next time maybe not this year maybe not next but there will be an next time when neurons get hit by the big one again. A life threatening situation and you know what? What? They still won't be ready. Representative Christopher Shays would land to the co-chair the Congressional Friends of Animals Caucus said estimates are that some 600,000 animals either died or were left without children as a result of Katrina. 600,000 animals either died or were left without children as always. 600,000. The end of that the lack of pet rescue plans also put many pet owners in danger. When asked to choose between abandoning their pets or their personal safety, many pet owners choose to risk their lives he said. The remains of sight of the US decided to recent sight be pulled at 49% of adults say they would refuse to evacuate if they couldn't take their pets with them. Passage of the bill said he means society president Wayne Pachele would ensure that Americans will never again be forced to leave their best friends behind a face imminent danger and knuckleheads like Wayne Naginhead and like that the downtown Bobby Brown whatever his name is. In the Senate Senator's head Stevens and Frank Loutenberg have introduced similar legislation which would also give FEMA director authority to grant funds to state and local agencies for animal preparedness projects including the building of emergency shoulders. 600,000 animals either died or left without children because of Katrina. 600,000. I keep saying that again and again. And probably a lot of those animals were much much greater creatures than some of them people in New Orleans. Oh God. I thought that was the last one before. Right. I lied. Just cannot get rid of the you know you think it's all over with but it's not. I know. Right there well you have that to as part of your ongoing. Come with and go. But you know when you have that to talk about. Is it really? 1100 and look at that. 1087. So I have 1100 in a shake of a lands tail. It's become dead animals. I'm tired. No if they were pit bulls I'd say okay good riddance you know just like Ireland's. What? When you say that good riddance screw you. I thought that's right. I forgot you had a pit bull. Well maybe one day you'll two things will happen. You work in real radio station and you can real dog. I've had real dogs and I have one today. I've had a lot of fun. I've had a lot of fun. Okay if you like pit bulls if that makes you feel like you know well you're you're someone who stereotypes uh who who thinks every pit bull is a fighting dog that is correct. Well my point. That's just a fighting dog a dangerous animal that's been bred over the decades over the centuries been bred to grab on the stuff and uh bite and chew and kill our high people. Yeah. And I don't I don't breathe my dog to fight and bite on the things. Well I'm not assuming you're breeding your dog now you know we don't want to get to personal but um you talking about the pet and heavily. It's all in the owner man. You should know that you've had dogs. That's a good point. Good owners have good dogs. Look at my two dogs. They were great. Well I mean they were okay. Well the one retriever was great. The other one was there. Well don't be a good dog. That's gonna probably get pet bull poor little tiny you know that there's no one. There's another one for your list of idiots. Oh yeah. Oh let's start making a list and checking it twice in. But your retards and soft photo. Oh the guy yesterday and he wasn't a retard. Oh he's just an idiot. Don't I miss the food down there. Is there any food up there? No food here. There's no food. There's no air. There's no food. There's no gas. There is no ass. There's no nothing man. Those things only exist in South Florida. We didn't have about five block radius of where you live. Speaking of that being outdoors a lot in South Florida not going too far from home. You understand. We didn't need to go to have good comfortable shoes. So the only place to take your feet is brandy shoes in pop it'll be it's a treat for your feet at brandy shoes. Brandy's carry is major brands like Forshime, Echo LeFisto, Rockport, Hushpuffies, New Balance and all the other big name brands in all sizes for men and women and they even carry Wine wits and hard to find sizes for people out there with funky feet. And if you have funky feet by the way George wants to see him. That's a specialty. He's a success with strain feet. Right. Like I got from my whammy. What was his name? He had very bizarre feet. Which you and I never even seen him. I was just missing. They're big. Joe. I don't know. Brandy shoes is largest in the Penn Shoe retailer all softwater. When you see the selection of adu and the price, you'll say, hey, kneels right. Brandy's is the best when it comes to shoes. And Brandy's unlike those departments there's got such a fantastic selection. Whatever style you pick out you know dang well they're going to have it in your size. Right on the shelf right in the slap on your feet because the only thing they do at Brandy's is sell shoes. No vacuum cleaners, no pop up toasters, no carpeting, only shoes. So you never have to worry about size selection service or price when you do the smart shoe shopping of Brandy's. You find Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in top of the beach right between Atlantic Copes on the side you can't miss it. Brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday till five. And it's week is a stupidest time to buy. Spirit topside is a brandy's. Take 10 to 20 bucks off all great men's women's styles. So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's this week or sit right where you are and go online and do your shoe shopping right there on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is a meal Roger. This is 5.62. Go go. It's now a brandy town. That's a move at 5.62. WQA. Patience Ethan on TV. You're a mission. If you choose to have something in your house. No, I actually seen that one all day soon. Are you kidding me? Yeah, bass andொ! It's a simultaneous model. Vaporites disappear. But it's just a stupidity that will show you what kind of similar way of getting your desires of yours. One is a fucking big map of an artist who did this. Our mothers are fighting. Tom Cruise stars, Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt in Mission Impossible 3, not another Tom Cruise movie. Having some with theaters, hopefully going away sooner. Once or for WQA in, one thing. A ride. The first thing I've heard about before, the British said that even on the French invented Channel number 5, they don't use it in a stink like hell. But then again, the British got much worse teeth and they stink like hell too, and are a bunch of drugs and loud, not nauseous. One thing about the French, they're not disgusting, but they're not silly, but the British are very silly. And that's that royal thing, you know? I mean, the French guy went to the right. Why did the French guys have a king or a queen? Long time ago, right, it was like cut all their heads off. Right, and right, they said. But the British, man, they cannot get rid of this royal thing. They just can't cut the cord, for a second. Oh, speaking of a phone calls, a lawyer, a lawsuit, five years, they have a half of off their studs, and they're just turquoise, they're a seeks to stop AT&T from giving customer phone records to the NSA without a cord order. You've all studs, he and no stud, but he's, what is he about a hundred now? At least. The plaintiffs who also included a doctor in the state lawmaker said, Ah, that's an ill-earned. So they rely on cuts, you know, really. They rely on confidentiality in the work, and they're worried their clients would be less likely to phone them if they think the government could list of the numbers they're calling. USA today reported on May 11th at AT&T, and other phone companies comply with the NSA request for the phone records of millions of ordinary Americans after 9 of them. And even though they're these lawsuits by AT&T and who's the other one at Suenet, I'll bell south. Right. USA today has six by their story. The six play notes whose legal payment includes lawyers from the ACU claims the telephone giant violated the federal electronic communications privacy act, which prevents full companies from releasing records to the government unless there's an emergency. The lawsuit filed in federal district court seeks to include an ill-earned or AT&T customers as tenants in a class action that plaintiffs aren't seeking monetary damages. This is one of Suenera's cut-the-crap. Having been blacklisted for working in television during the McCarthy era, I know the harm of government using private corporations to intrude into the lives of innocent Americans, to her full-send this statement. When government uses the telephone companies to create massive databases of all our phone calls, it's gone too far. Harvey Grossman of the ACU held an OIS said the NSA program could interfere with the ability of lawyers to deal with their clients and doctors to communicate with their patients. The action follows similar lawsuits for other US states. Good, Suenera, freaking ass. Okay. Cut the crap. Yeah, Suenhardt. Oh, is the sentty Fox who said, We know that we have to do the part about responsibility that has a lot of beenerman Jesus. You think, ladies, you silly person you. Any pathetic, yeah, any evil. And even a lot of evil to her man. And then he's the reason, oh, you missed the survey. He had yesterday 10% of Mexico's population over there live here. Yes. 10% of the entire population of Mexico wait to loot God's finds out about that. He's going to come, that big head of his is going to come pop it right through your TV. Oh, I hope he does something about it. Oh, he'll do something about it all right. He'll be hyper ventilated even more than usual. Now you're starting to find the catch on to him that that's all he. I'm just going to tell me to start watching it. I did not. You did. I never would have heard of him except for me. I didn't tell you to start watching. I said he was one guy. It was speaking out against all his crap. I think. Well, so, and, and I also, I also told you that he had this sudden change of heart. Like somebody hitting with an I'd you clon, take your word for him. For the time being, he's the only one heart. I've been telling that he's playing. He was not. No, he is not. Who else is talking about? He, I'll present and say, and what? All the evil, remember, man. We're just going to ask him. We're watching MSNBC. Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Because I keep forgetting eight o'clock. I'll just watch that in the morning. That's what I'm trying to tell you. I've got this morning. You walked out to go take a leak. I was trying to get you to listen when he was doing the he had these different segments. He does these different features he does every day. The worst person in the world. He does it every day. And again, for about the empty time he picked Bill Rally again, which is great. Because he just rips him an ass. And he also had Miss Fudge on there too. As the second worst, he said it's the first time he made our list. But first time, Mr. oftentimes, schmuck from Mr. Rudge. Rift her an ass. You need to watch Keith Olderman. He's the great white hope man. He's the only one. The only one. And yeah, he shows a little corny. He does a lot of stick. You know, but nevertheless, he's great. I'll take it. There you go. Well, that's what you're looking for. If you're looking for Lou Dobbs. I mean, if you want to hear about illegal aliens and outsourcing a judge. The aliens and outsourcing a judge who has to be alive by all means you got the right guy. If he's on there until he's 400 years old, he's going to be a hot kind of same crap. That's all he knows. And the most bizarre part of it is until he got religion at one day a few months ago. He was just another apologist. Every time another poll would come up, oh, well, looks like to come back. The Bush come back. And he's just another funny baloney. Because they finally got everybody whipped up about these illegal aliens that are pouring in across the border like fruit flies. And so that's that's that's his area of expertise man. That's what he's been screaming about. So now he now the time is right, and he's at a lot of honor with normal saying. Mm-hmm. And it's such a and now he's carrying on. He's jumping on the bandwagon about the and he's not happy that we don't have the national language English. What do they call it? It's the what they have some of the name for it. Because they don't want to piss off the Mexicans. I don't know. So he's jumped on that bandwagon too. He is a virulent, bigoted, uh, xenophobic wild man is what he is. All right. And yeah, so he's eating and I thought I don't agree with some of the things he says. But it's just that he's so rabbi. He is to this if you will wait him down who is a thing to do with the capital boy. Yes, he is that rabbi man. He's got rabbi shot. Well, that's it. I think that's a fabulous analogy. Like that he literally dropped that cut a juxtaport. I called Hank yesterday morning. Oh, can I make an analogy about the heat, uh, what he meant was an alicis. He wanted to analyze it. And analogy, you know, don't use words that you don't understand what they are. Okay. That's my best suggestion. You jokers out there to call radio talk shows. He should have made an analgesic. He was making one in a, in a, um, two, twenty to one at five, sixty. I was like, what am I going to do about this, uh, flim man? I mean, it's coming along every day. It's a little bit better, but it's just being annoying. Horking it up. It's not annoying the rest of the day when I'm not on the ear, but, you know, and then of course, once it's gone, and the audience will miss it. You know, because by now they should be used to it. It's very, very, very yesterday. Not too bad today, but yesterday was like constant, crocking and crocking, you know, like that death rattler here from old people. Like at the casino. You know, like that old Jews are, but you want to know why old Jews do that a lot? I get up too much, Dally. Too much milk, man. Not enough, flasher. Too much milk. Yeah, just, just like sugary sugar starts doing nothing. Next time you and Gary start having other seminar together. But, but, how is he coming when that spot that was coming on here? Remember that? I don't want to say what it was. Remember that? I didn't remember what it was. Oh, it was a, I didn't know I'm sure. It was a restaurant. Is he going to remember? No. Very good one. Yeah, no. I'm not going to remember. No. Well, never happened anyway. We heard a lot of stuff from the sales department, but it would put that more DNA, and then when you were gone last Thursday, and Josh will tell you again during the break about how agonizing that whole thing was Chris Jones, you know, sales man. And he, he, he muscles me. He did not. I don't want to deny his muscle and me on the other hand. That's exactly what he was doing. And he's doing an account that I absolutely didn't want any part of. I don't see anything about that. Do you, Josh? You see that a lot? Nope. He, you know, he's perfect for Todd Rectus. Chris Jones, because he'll argue with you even after you fight you. Finally, break down and agree to doing it. He keeps arguing. Now, you've seen Todd Rectu that has lived in times, you know? Right. You finally give up. He's like, okay, I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll just go away already. You know, I finally said yes. Go away already. Christ. 1242, if I was 60 WC, why do we go out of business this month? And we only got nine days left in a month. So be sure and listen a lot. Because if you're listening, why did just the exact moment when we shut the transfer off, you could win a big prize. If you have a business and need to give customers away from the competition, here's the perfect business partner for you. Pub said printing and design. Pub said can design and print everything and need your arsenal. Just look at the display booth. He made about me. It's right there on our website at the bottom of the page. You'll just pin your pants laughing or see even more there for nominal work at pubsets.sf.com on their website. Pub said can print everything from business cards to banners, posters to their specialty, trade show booths and displays. Pub said design and printing. The very best for over 14 years. Nick and handled all in-house. Call 9-5-4-77-272-775 and tell them that the Duff-Myser told you to call. 9-5-4-772-772-775. But he asked you for yourself. Pub said sf.com. Look, you're besting it to those new customers. It's your business and it's Pub said business to make you look great and they do a great job of doing it. So call 9-5-4-772-775 or go online. Pub said sf.com. Be sure to look for my big fat audience picture on their building on Dixie Highway, just know the commercial with those big old thick co-bottle glasses on there. Again, it's a real hood. The first thing I can do is the very best Pub said printing and design. Call 9-5-4-772-772-775. This is new Roger Sif. This is 516-18. Our guest is Donald Trump. I love Trump. He's tremendous. I think he's a great visionary and what he's done is amazing. He never stopped you. Huh? Chicago, the Donald Trump pillow. Mr. Trump, Mr. Chugget, everything you have by selling your soul to the devil. Yes, I did. That's right, you did. And I see you soon, who could actually sell the apartment. Wow, West Bloomfield, Michigan, hello. Donald, I read that you had your com over insured? Yes, that's true. And it's been for like $50 million. Actually, more than that. Oh, well, how much is it in short work? For $500 million. Wow. Yeah. Houston, Texas, hello. Hi. Mr. Trump, do you want your hands before you leave the restaurant? No, wait a minute. I know you're chef to hear that. Yeah. Not even after you're wine? No, bye. I don't feel like I need to do that. You know, Donald Trump. The fact is that I'm terrific and outstanding in every single way. She came up to you. Cold, cold, cold, cold. All right. I'm a traveling man. Made a lot of stars. All over the world. And in every corner, I don't know how hard and the least one lovely girl. Oh, I have a pretty secret reason. When there's anybody alive, it doesn't like Rick Nelson. I mean, granted he's been dead now a few years. There's a lot of screw-in. No, you know what I'm saying? I've got to come up a lot in conversation lately. I'm not telling about his music necessarily. But he's just not one of those people who say, Oh, gee, I hated him. You know what I mean? Like Elvis. Oh, hated him. See? There you go. Oh, Rick Nelson was like more benign. You know, harmless. I'm totally very good militant there toward the end when they boot him. How can you boost somebody to consider because he's not seeing the songs that you want to hear in? And that has a lot of the time. So rude, man. And it's so up not to be rude to be rude to be rude. God. Unless you're singing a jute. And you know, interesting enough, you probably wondering, well, maybe you're not. Some of the stuff I went out and bought from my iPod. Now that I'm loading it, that baby, I got an idea. What do you mean by that? I don't know the show. But here's the no kind of music you like more or less. Oh, I got a yellow. No, I already had a yellow. Really? I'll see that. I didn't know. What? I did not know that you liked the yellow. Get out of here. Play the yellow one a year. A million times. What is wrong with you, Mr. You need some serious ass systems. Hold on, drugs. Yeah, you don't think you're all fucked up. God. Well, you have some alcohol drug, though. How many times have I played up? I bet you if one said, Lee's I turned me. I did. I'll get it out in here in a second. And this too. I didn't get any no Beatles, you know? Really? I probably have plenty of it. Well, first of all, like you were saying, like a family collection. I have so many CDs sitting there down there on the wall. Well, the ones that are left. Yeah. But what's that is still there? How many would you share there? Maybe a couple hundred? Okay. They've got a few. Well, at least there were. Yes, there are a lot of times. Well, it's probably very picked all the good. A couple hundred back at IOD. There's like maybe a hundred or like, city here. But there was a couple hundred back at 50 is left. I don't know. I have to count them. Jesus God, would you all have to take your word out? Because I'm never going to see that thing again. Dennis Rodman, the worm, said John and Columbia South Carolina, who just can't stop. Got Dennis Rodman for the poll. I bet you, you know, I'm going to have to spell that. You're right. W-O-R-M. Right. What is that? You're playing. Y-O-O. Y-O. Just to give you some time. Give me some time for what? To give the proper collection of all like five tracks here. Well, how can they got such crap on it? I'm not going to tell you a little of my favorite E-O song. Please do. Well, they're all good at like the monster. They're all good, right? How can I know her? Oh, here we go. Got a funky start. Is it does? Help her, right? It starts mighty low. Oh yeah. Oh, are you? Okay. You're right. Yes. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, are you? Okay. You're right. Yes. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What about that? I tell you one thing. You've become that we both. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Are you failing? Okay. Are you still saying, don't you realize the thing we did? We're all poor in the green. I just can't believe. And I'll pay it out of the day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. I just could be the greatest song I was ever recorded next to Angel by Arrow Span. I got Arrow Span. Richie, green. You know, they never did. Bump you out of first class either thing you've got your heart. He alone never bumped you out of first class. So you play the good dream. Yeah. You got no one to run on. Well, I'll be the third. Hey, Kirk. You know, that movie is all over the cable at the end of the last days. And it's just, oh, my God. And in my luck every time I find it there on a cable when I'm channel surfing, he's got the black slip on. Yeah. That's an inspirational movie. You'll fast I give him the slip. Oh, God. You know, if you ever thought if you ever wondered if you could be a movie director. Hey, anyone can apparently. I guess you got a camera and you know the right time. Yeah. A lot of time. Look at the votes in that pool of money. 1138. We're going to do 1200 today. And then over there's a firm on the inside. How's it going to come on the wire? Capture their triple crown. Waiting to Kentucky, Derby? How was that? That wasn't chicken, Mr. I guess it was. I don't know. I don't think that was. And in fact, Dave John's well, yes, or you were there when they've called Friday. Yes. Because he pointed up that he never got to call the, um, Belmont in 78th year that affirm one of the triple crown. That's the last triple crown winner, by the way. And there's Barbara again. And there's all impins in his foot. God. Just tens all over the place. Water flows pins are like the ones in my tooth. I totally didn't even put those three pins in there. No. Yeah, I did. 1138. Because I chipped the tooth. Other than George W. Bush, what person most makes you want a puke when you see the Montevino? Make you this one. Oh, it's like a big dragon against the chunks. Look at that white horse there. You want to see them? No. Nice, nice animals, but incredibly dumb. Just Bill O'Reilly, 259. Pat Robertson, 249. Jesse Jackson 182, Duke inducing man with without the love child. I don't have a love child's doing. Sean handed in 130, Ricky Tickie Sanchez 182. Donald Rommestell came from nowhere. He was the late edition and he's moving up 44. Probably beyond the edition with what book's great. Rosio Donald 40, Bono 24, star Jones 23, Mary Cheney, self-hating bull-like 23. Tucker Carlson with the Vota. So they appreciate it. Twenty two. Nancy Grace, Fran. She had to be doing a lot better. She's got 18. Paul I, dual 17. Chris Matthews 10, who talks out of both corners of his mouth. At the same time. William Donna, who of the Catholic League. Six. If you look up far business next year or his picture is there, far business. Billy Mays for now. Will he Mays? Billy Mays? From oxyclean. I still can't find that fit. Ron Reagan Jr. The ballet dancer. Hey, Ron. You're fair. He's got four. Mary Madlands got one. And Denise Robin just went on there. I think we can play the dance Robin and fit. I don't remember him played it. So I guess so. It just says balls. Oh, we can sure play. Oh, we can't say balls if Donna shall wait. Listen, sorry Donna. Why? So so many. Prissy uptight phony people himself. That's another reason to be the hell out of there. Too many uptight phony bolognaes. How gritty is she's got a heavy duty pair. Probably way about 18 pounds. 257 at 5.60 WCM. Kimbo camper to the Mad Dog is for it. Then you're Marlon's man. Who are looking to build on that one game winning streak. They smoked the club last night. They smoked a man. What was the 911? Yeah. Yes. You sure now. I'm positive. The hesitation there from Mr. Marlon's not nothing for a while, but for most of the game was not nothing in the name of the sport of shout out. Right. For God it was busy defending Dave Van Boring all day yesterday. You sure is how long the sun hopped off that Marlon bandwagon real fast like we shot out of a cannon. Hey, if you think you have turvites in your home, you better call rid it pest control. They can get you a free turvite inspection right now while the turvite season is still just getting underway. Before they eat your each out of house and home literally. Rid it pest control uses an amazing orger or treatment that kills turvites and the rise of how to present on a contact. They're gone fast and you can say Todd Rek has a shameless, listless idiot. If you have turvites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your house and make a whole neighborhood like Barton and Bailey just came to town. No worry about poisonous gas. No moving out or staying in hotels and motels. No worrying about food or pets in your health. Because the folks at Rid it pest control treats your home with an amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for a few days. And those turvites man, better than a doorknayel. It's true if you have a turvite problem called rid it pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills turvites and the rise. 100% contact. No tending. No BS. No kitten. Call right now for free no obligation inspection. They'll come and take a peek. 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. And when you call rid it be sure to tell the Anxious Todd rec to order the call. 1-800-447-4348. This is New Roger. You said this is 5-16-2-8. I am bonus baton off. Since dealers need to have one Natasha and I know that the half-a-look for motion square. Instead we listen to a new Roger's parent and balance went to two hours. If you were to be with us. We're so sorry. 10-10-10-10-10. But you know we don't stop and go to these things in three. Forever with so sorry. 10-10-10-10-10. So the brand beats how much we're selling to six-year-old y'all in the van. 10-10-10-10-10-10. And we're all in the van. I'll still touch you no depot to. We check your family 50 but your dressing cool with you. He has to be with you by varying something others. But your way to call. We can call. Every time each of you can see his basketballs on the van. We look great on it. We target for a set and put on our van. And we look great on it. We target for a set and put on our van. We set and put on our van. We take it to the van. We take it to the van. We take it to the van. We take it to the van. We take it to the van. We take it to the van. Our very long run. I made you to win. Your second Gerilim app. I called you guys about to crash. We attack you for free tyinере guarded SpaceX democracy太er ! We attack you for free tyinере We're hopped in the time for she'll hold back. Won't you come along and dream? We're going in the night to round WQ again! Right now! We're going in the morning Time is just now! All the stretches are set, and I'm telling you my way to I was hoping for a chance to meet I know it's way to tell you how to play this All tonight, she's gone so far away I'm so shocked that you, you know I love E-Law, I can't believe it You just must be the medication. It must be. And you don't even like C-L-O can't be all bad. I see. Even though I do have a lot of work, I can't believe it. I'm so shocked that you, you know I love E-Law, I can't believe it You just must be the medication. It must be. And you don't even like C-L-O can't be all bad. I see. Even though I do have such terrible taste in music. Even though I couldn't find in my local courses at Zigen Records Tourists here, we have friends too. Ah, that's domino. Really? I gotta find that. I get me in my iPod. All right? I'm thinking to myself, like the next time when I go to Berlin this summer You get that iPod. And of course iPod is one of those things that they're not going to tell you like you're blackberry. You've got to shut that off, you know all your computer stuff on the plane. Right. But the iPod don't do that. You know it's all right in here. And I like it. I'm thinking that that trip, we'll see it like it takes about 15 minutes. You know what I mean? Okay, rubbing it. Why saw him? They had a clip on him. I knew he was a couple weeks ago. And he had to manage the training. Let's afford one. I have to wear a new one. Did we go through this last day? Am I hallucinating? And we go through this with a bright brown and lots of four wins below. Maybe. Yeah, we did that. Yeah, I think so. Trust me we did it. And I said, Roy Brown, you were just shocked and I looked it up in the book. It was right brown down there. I also want to improve. You know, it's very unusual when two different artists record a song on the same record label. Right. And fans, I'm a very small piece of tribute. But Alice Quebec might ask you one day. And that's quite a show. And by the way, Josh Hades said show two. The other is, let the four wins below. Fans down there and Roy Brown on Imperial record. But I really like that show. You don't know any of the answers. No, I said that new way. I don't watch long enough to know what the record is. The answers were right. How's that? That's good excuse. I realize that I know nothing about what's happening in the world. So how do I know what I know? I don't want to do that. I just don't like the whole. I'm going to go for it. I'm going to go for it. The questions are about all kinds of crap. Yeah. Let's do a common order for 400. Okay. We're not saying anything like any game show. So what does that say? Yeah. Who doesn't? Josh. He likes to squeal a fortune. I doubt that series. You know, I was right. Was okay. Well, so what's wrong with that? I was a kid. When he was a kid. I liked it when I was a kid. I was a kid. Back when Bob Barker was like only 75. Right. As opposed to 95, which you know. You know, the day that I was the two days that was out sick last week, I got the, for the first time a long time, got to see old Bob Barker on there. He's old. He's ancient. In fact, one day, which had very seldom happened. Usually it's about to old silly people on there that went and get up on stage. There was too much. Young guys that got up on stage. It was pretty amazing. I thought, oh, I'm maybe getting religious on something. But then what if we got to the final be a showcase showdown? And this nasty, as the middle-aged bitch, she got a, she got a boat showdown. A showcase is she, guess within like 100 bucks. And you know, I mean, not that I moved for people to win her all like good looking because I would make me stand out. You bet you've fought you for. That's what I was saying to her at the time. That would be bad. I'd be the only one who would do that. In flies at mortgage giant fan in May manipulated the counting so that executives could collect millions and bonuses as senior management deceived investors and stone wall regulators that a company whose prestigious image was from me, a federal agency charge today. Let me say it again. You people on the gambling channel, including Ted David, I'm Maria Bartowromo. You all belong behind bars. Any country where the people really would have risen up. And I said this yesterday, I'll say it again. You weren't there. The Boston Tea Party would never have happened with the crap of Americans we got. These people, in fact, to be end of these war was still being going on. If it was up to this crowd, we got today. They got no fight and there is no revolution, there is no protest, there's no stand up. There's no backbone. Man, that's what's wrong with America today. No freaking backbone. Right? Right? All these people who's like they worked all their lives. And then they figured out that all the tensions that they had, all the money that they stored away all those years to retire on, that's all gone was all a big fraud. You know, WorldComNRONST.com, all these other dot coms. Oh, but it's the new economy, right? It just boils my blood. Earlier, a person familiar with a situation said that Fannie Mae was being fined between $305 million for alleged manipulation of accounting to facilitate executives' bonuses and a settlement with a housing oversight agency. The office of federal housing enterprise oversight. The image of Fannie Mae is one of the lowest risk in best-in-class institutions for the Zaferside, a fake, erasites. James B. Lockhart, the acting director of OFHEO, said the statement as the report was released. Our examination found in the farmer were the ends justified the means. Senior management manipulated accounting, re-imagining them under their bonuses and provided the rest of the word from knowing. The report also followed Fannie Mae's board of directors for failing to watch the size of its oversight responsibilities and failing to discover wide variety of unsafe and unsumptuous. You know something? I understand that those efforts in Guy from Louisiana put it in the freezer, baby. Put it in the deep freeze. No matter how you got it, you know. My hooker by Crook, you got some cash. Stick that baby in the deep freeze. Wrap it up in a little bit of a little bit of an impure like he did. A little bit of an impure. That's what he did. How do you minim. Aluminium foil and he put it in the 90 grand amount of deep freeze. I think you're like that. All right. It's way to do it. I think I've given an odd time of these fakers man. And don't whatever you do, don't buy that banjo board group paintman at BBG. Oh my god. I was taking a drink. Yeah. Who has tell me the other day that I saved him a lot of money because I told him that was it's the serious? Was it Hank tell me that? Because I was the first one. I said don't buy that crap man. People are not going to pay for something they can get for free. And after the initial big stern influx they're on the serious, that was it. That is finito man. That's it. They're losing their ass. 1100 and deservedly so by the way, who the hell lots of here with Samuels? Looking at looking at Matt's dredges for head. Do you understand that? I don't. You'll hang hang. I don't understand that. I don't understand that. I'm just telling you. I don't either. To this day I still don't get that whole fag hang thing. But as long as you're gay, then she loves you. Right. See, I don't take that as any kind of a kind. Why do you want to hang out with somebody that basically you know that you crossed that out? Exactly. 1181 votes. Other than George's W. Bush, what person makes you most want to puk when you see their posts on TV or the rest of them? Bill or Wiley, 263, Pad Robertson, 258, they got a battle going on man. Hopefully a battle to the death. Jesse Jackson 190, Sean Hannity 131, Ricky Tickie Sanchez 85, Rumbensville's got 53, hermondere Rumbensville. Rosie O'Donnell, that cow. She's got 43. Star Jones, that cow. He's got 25, Bono 24. Yeah, he just, I don't get sick when I see me just get some of my nerves. Very chanies self-hitting bull-bright 23. Sell out, total sell out. Maybe she can look with end the clover and misfudge. Tucker Carlson 22, anybody with a bow tie look out. Now there's Jack Abraham off of the crook. Nancy Grace, she's got 20. Friends, she's got 20 million friends, everybody's your friend. Paul Iad Bill 17, Chris Matthews 10, William Donney who of the Catlifley 7, Billy May is got 4. Ron Reagan's Jr. She's got 4 and only one for Denise Rodman, even after I play the thing, and Mary Madeline. They're all Mary Madeline, there's no. Well why not? So John, you're all the time. Now if you said Mary Magdalene, maybe she would've got a few votes. Yeah, that's because they're all watching it. It's stupid ass movie man. I'll get in sucked in by the hype. I don't understand it. I mean, especially when you've already gotten away from that crappy notes all a bunch of garbage, see I can understand Washington the show last night at an E.D. documentary. Because that's the purpose of that is to illuminate about the illuminate, you know, illuminate about the corruption all of that. But as far as just making up some other fascinating story and presented in the very monotonous and boring and dragged out way, I don't know. Although the thing I understand is Josh keeps saying it was a cool story, but it was poorly done. So that's the book sold like five billion copies and everyone touted it to high heaven. So that's the pretty action of one question. Because supposedly it was a good book. It's explained that. And nobody reads good books. The godfather was a great book too. How many people do you think read the book? He wrote a song. But third man. And it's just like always in the book was better. I know it's hard to believe, but the book actually was better than the movie. I'll take your word for it. And well, I know you, because it's a big thing. Yeah, it's okay. So I'm repeating this. You're not going to read it. Like we fall asleep. Have somebody put it in your iPod. Yeah. There you go. Tell me about that before the show. You know what? I could get the godfather audiobook. Yeah. There you go. No, Wilson good time. Or I could watch the movie again. Well, you're sitting at home. Popping pills or just watching the movie again 40, 50 times. Ooh, look. It should take another one. Well, I think I take a few of those and then watch it all night. The thing you put it, please, all over the United States. Exactly. I could never see that movie too many times. I mean, I can do it. Do it with a dialogue. Right. Yeah, as I'm watching it. I couldn't do it now. But as the movie is going on, I can repeat for being a movie. They're going to say that. I still don't get burnt out on it. It's just like standing in the shadows in the most time. No matter how many times I put that movie in there, like I did yesterday. And I'm like, I said, there's much a whole thing. But I can't get enough of it. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Like, sexy. Just can't get enough of it. That's what I'm saying. It's just, especially if you grew up with that music. Now, I think Josh will like, we hear like the movie, but not as much as we did. He'll say it will be a pretty good. Huh? We'll see. We'll see. Now that you finally brought the damn thing in for Christ's sake. Up. And I'm really proud of George Kim around that Ben Harper's better in Marvin Gaye ever dreamed of being in that. Is that it, isn't it? Yeah, you probably had medication when you said that that was on Friday at 6pm. I'll take your work for it. He said, Anyway, it's 1.15 a QA, and it's almost Memorial Day. It's next Monday. Listen a week away. Time for the mattress and furniture stores to run their annual phony sales. When they double the price, then they say, hey, we're going to give you half off. Well, what kind of a deal is that? Don't waste your time in money driving around shopping for mattress and don't waste that expensive gas. Save like never before when you call dial a mattress at 1.800 mattress right now. Their price is there lower than the mall stores even during these so-called half off sales. Only dial a mattress delivers from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day. Same day, the breeze is available the same day that you call. And of course, always you can choose you date and time with 8 to our window if you can be free when you're going to be home. What's not to like? That's why dial a mattress is right number one for the best customer service in the world. Dial a mattress has all the top names in a mattress business. You like them? They got them. Seely and serve a Simmons in King Coil. Stearns and Foster in temper peating. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get the best prices on the best brands. I've been using them for years and all the other smart folks at QMR. Love it them too. So what do you wait and for? Pick up the phone right now called 1-800 mattress along under the website. Macris.com. Don't forget, beware those half off sales because this is the time of year they do with every year. And stick it to you. Save comfortably night on your new mattress with the best deal all the way around from dial a mattress by making that one easy call. 1-800-MATT-R-ES. Leave off the last S-B-Cosit stands for Sensational Saving. This is the meal Roger. This is 5-16-8-10. W-Q-A-M. S-C-A-M. W-A-M. S-C-A-M. W-A-M. W-A-M. W-A-M. You won't give me something. Love. There, every just seems to play. You just don't get it, not me. These are bigger, how they're rich you've been. I want to meet now all the papers. They're all the public now. Jesse's got love and charm. You put the baby in me and we can't. Well, they're more papers. Be it fun. Yeah. And you play. You play. Like it's spicy. Not for my dad. He's in trouble. He's in trouble. Yeah. What's up with that? The big part of Clinton's team. Yeah. The bomb on the internet of the house was not endowed case training. The damn bomb was not presented around. The overall fence with his unique air. I'm only looking for two cameras. Sponsored to burn new chain-care. Maybe you get a little wasted. In the memory games, there were. Can we touch me without meeting? Make sure you want our love. And if it was something, Jesse's got love and charm. Yeah. You got to make sure you will divorce papers. Be it fun. Yeah. And you're running around and writing to you. Like this spicy, nothing more. Yeah. I need to know what money things you'd show. But we wouldn't see. Yeah. If you thought I'd remember money going big part of Clinton's team. Yeah. If you know what's up, I'm late. If you know what's up, I'm late. If you know what's up, I'm late. If you know what I can do with it. This was not endowed case training. I don't remember. The big case. Go to the bank. Go to the bank. Never betray you ever before. You are lost. Damn, Miss. Wake up again Killer too! I don't deserve the world of the party. Be one at nine nine days mourned. Well, nothing single day ever. Not Shavescraft from Thunder, freezer nur. Domep Sri so long. But he would make me happy by the way. Well, she's really good. Joe and I was born. It's just 133. She's great. And we got 121 votes already. How do you like that? There is something going on out there. And you think it's just a coincidence that we're not taking any calls. We took a lot of all that we took one call. And we're going to win. So we're 1 for 1. 100% don't push your lock man. You give a certain good happens. Don't push it. Right? I'm not taking them more today. Why? You think I'm a crab? I'm going to want to answer. What do you think? You think I should try another one? I'm not. I'm not saying nothing. What do you think, Josh? Oh yeah, let's go for it. No, you do it. I can't. Good. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, do I. Who's talking about yellow? Yeah. And I don't know if you know, but they have a very excellent DVD. It's called Electric Light Orchestra Zoom Tour Live. Really? That 24 songs on it. It was recorded at in Los Angeles at CBS Television City. Uh-huh. I think I could pick that up. It's really good. So I'm going to get it today as a matter of fact. It is excellent. I love it. I love yellow. They're one of my very favorite. Right. From Image Entertainment. That's the company I put it. Well, I have no trouble finding them. I got the best DVD stories in the history. Oh, dear. Okay. That's great. Yeah. It is excellent. It's, uh, they sound just like the record and everything. But some of the people in the band are Jeff Lynn, Rosie Zala, and the who does the vocal, she does the good old stuff. Well, Jeff Lynn wrote and produced all the music. Right. Right. He's, he's, it's really good. You got to pick it up. So I'm going to take it out. I'd like to vote count DVD picked up. So. I've got it. I haven't looked at it yet. Oh, trust me what I tell you. You'll just do it. I love vote count. So I'm looking. I'm going to watch that tonight. So. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Zoom tour live. Oh, right out here. Okay. How do you like that? See, too. We're doing maybe. What did I tell you? That's when we say Fini to a Fini to be the one. I'm not pushing my luck man. And not a way as a two for two, but now I got a he turned me on something really good. I'm going to go out and buy. Ordinarily, I don't because I'm not that big on, you know, concert music. Why not? Yeah. I like it. Right there with it. I mean, you know, people say, well, you like commercial music. Well, what's wrong with commercial music? I understand that. Commercial this means it's popular. And which doesn't necessarily mean it's good. No, what it means. But what does it mean? It means it was made in a factory. Yeah. But you know, you understand. Sure. You don't understand. It's like a good cigar. If it was made in a factory. I mean, you know, maybe some little, a beanard in rural Mexico. For example, take ELO, Jeff Lynn Wright produces it. This is his music. Commercial music is like this guy, a producer hire somebody to write it and then hire a bunch of people to sing it and put it all together. Oh, that is not correct. If you're going to tell me that ELO, as hence aren't commercial, I would argue. That definition is wrong. Popular doesn't mean commercial and vice versa. Well, that's your business. Because something is commercially successful doesn't mean it make it commercial music. See, the commercial means cookie cutter music. Cookie cutter made in a factory. Yeah. You know, it's not nowhere. Like, art has nothing to do with it. It's not so. Guys writing, this is a good song. You know, it's like a, like the boy bands, for example, or the girl bands for that matter. It's just a producer hiring a bunch of people to put something to get a like one. These are good stuff. Some of it can be good. Well, pretty good. And you want to know why? Because they went into recording a studio in Sweden and they, you know, I could have made music there. That's right. In fact, we could have farted out the, the hits. Oh, not, not with Joyce around. In a fight away at 315 this afternoon, we're filing a 43 trillion dollar lawsuit against your speech. Not for anything particular, just for being a nasty hate for bitch. Who's doing everything in our part of school up to show. Yeah, for for it for two to be a center for it. Yeah, I'm a source of no torture is center for it. Well, I almost sent him no. I said, I'm not. I can see that. No, no, otherwise I'll get. The. Joyce, Joyce. Plenty of it after one. Let's rejoice folks. I screwed that bitch down with her. Okay, what does she know? Nothing. And is this crowd you got there now, man? That's why I'm, I'm just a little bit of our one. You know, I'm just, we're just going to, we're just going to, a, a few are way along. We got almost three years to go. And if we're going to rely on these people, I mean, you know, we're preceding two hours of absolutely dead air. You know, what all do we expect to Kimba? We're, we're proceeding two hours of dead air. And we all do expect well. Hey, if you're a cigar smoke, we'd like to kick back with a good premium brand speaking of, uh, maybe the factory. Yeah. And then, but he has cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco process, and age, they have to 10 years. But he has a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch. Hard to find tobacco. And I bet you they got a bunch of people that roll them like by hand, you know, not like in some assembly line. See what I'm saying, right? So they're not so commercial. But he had gold flagship line gets in 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar insider and 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body, Nicaragua and cigar. To be made by a bunch of Nicaragua has got earthy hits a dark roast coffee, chocolate, even rain naked. I bet you like to light one up. Spice and pepper flavors. Also be sure to try their behavior to say, oh, the hottest release of our last 10 months. Need to say, oh, get to high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider, high being the operative word. It's a powerful big fat store. You would complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with additional spice and in order to charge wood too. For a soft load of tobacco misdare by you, for those who like a really good smoke, log on to beheastegars.com or call tool free 1-800-35 by here 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is real rare. This is 5168. Dude man, nobody likes to get up in the morning. But let's face it. Party all night sleep all day makes Johnny one on a bloke convenience store worker. That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock. Now when the beat beats here, just gut-wrenching high decibels screens from today stop rock artists. You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Parker. Chris Robinson from the Black Rose. And for the true comatose news out, there's the rule alarm. Well, set this away, Kev, call the morgue, your warm food man. Studies show stove brains respond to the rock and roll alarm clock. Get it now and head bang your way into a new day. Free themosgr To get served once your full WKAM So comon Anton. All right. See how to agree with your definition of a commercial music, but that's be a little bit more. All right. Because like the Beach Boys for example, I can't think of anything. It would be more commercial than all those Beach Boys, and all that surfing is your rock. And they wrote all of it. Right. The Iran. Okay. Boys was not commercial. Usually, the national does not mean commercial. It's the Israel from how it was made. Cookies cut out. Whether or not it was cookies cut out. Financials. They wrote it in the heavy. That's what made it. That's what made it. 24 votes on the Paul Mary Madeline's only got one. But you ought to see it. These rodents got three. Ron Reagan's union. She's still got four. Billy Maynse for William Donahue's seven. To see him is to hate him. The see him is to run to the magic room and puked your guts out. Guess Matthew's ten. Paul Abdul 17. A Tucker Carlson's 23. Mary Cheney 24. Final 25. Boy, it's an important guy who watches asking him. He'll tell you. Nancy Grace 25, friends. Stur Jones 25. Rosie O'Donnell 46. Donald Rumsfeld's 62. Rick Sanchez 86. Mason on a puked. Sean Hannity 134. Jesse Jackson 1951. Pat Robertson 254. And Bill O'Reilly 272. The worst person in the world. Corn Duam. What's his name? Not because of that. What's his name? My name is NBC. Keith Oldbrook. Keith Oldbrook. Just testing in the address. See if you're going to watch him. Watch him tonight eight o'clock. Why you're popping those pills. If you pop a couple of pills, it helps when you watch him. NBC. All right. Cause then it makes you hallucinate. Somebody else might be watching a couple of things. I think on Tuesday prime time. So no. Well nine o'clock. Right after Keith. Supernatural. Is that still on? I don't even know. I never watched it again. Neither. Well that's a short. A good reason. Cause I like to show that I did well. Cause I just don't watch it. Cause he's really nervous about them. Two brothers sleeping in the same room. In the motel. Huh? No. I don't understand that. I just don't get it. I don't know what you're so up tight about. No. I just told you. It was a good thing. No. It was a good show. Yeah. It was a good show. Yeah. And they're not doing anything. Now if they were doing something, I would definitely not miss any episodes. I'd do it again. But I just, it's just not a high priority on my list. Well this is a good story. Very short and sweet. Police have arrested a registered sex offender in North Miami Beach on charges of sexual battery and burglary. 41 year old Brian Todd Cohen, broken to the woman's home in approximately 420 this morning. And sexually assaulted her while she slept. North Miami Beach for a place at the headline is North Miami Beach woman. North Miami Beach woman wakes up, finds sex offender in bed. Well that's not funny, but it is unclear if Cohen had moved to the area or was visiting a relative of a live nearby. Well he's just visiting. You know? Or like, what's his like Cecil Collins? You know, he just want to take a peek and then maybe it'll something move. Maybe it'll something something. US representative, L.C. Hastings has been re-elected when a term he wanted to Why? Because there's only a poll that's withdrawn. He's in. Hastings was listed as unapproved on the Florida Division of Elections website today. He is the fifth of Florida's 25th member US House delegation. When we're election without challenge, all five are Democrats. The others are Alan Boyd of Monticello, Korean Brown, Jacksonville. Value, Wester, Del Ray Beach, good man. And Debbie Westerman, Chulsev, Weston. You go Debbie. Three seats are open because represented Michaelville Rackess of Palm Hovers retirement Republican represented Jim Davis that were kind of tap as running for governor and Catherine Harris, well we know what she's doing. Making an ass on yourself. Constitution party of Florida candidate Carl J. Lauderdale, the fourth of Tamarack. How are the fees? Kind of a Dwight Lauderdale or John Broward. Anyway, Carl had written it 64, 84 dollar check to cover his qualifying fee on May 12th, but it was never processed. Lauderdale 29, a software engineer, say decided to drop out last week because his wife is having a difficult pregnancy. So, Elsie, you're in, baby. Can't ever stole a free train, I'll go to the accused of that. Did they ever steal one? I never saw that train. Oh, I wonder what's in Elsie's freezer of. Let's go check out what's he's got in this freezer. Keep an important hard cash in the deep freeze. Do I got my deep freezer got those old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old. Yeah. Yeah. One of it. A little ways to make him some of my low car pasta. And I'm taking my flavor wave and I'm going to cook me up on it and I'm going to drop worse than there for about 14, 15 minutes from frozen. And I'm going to slice that up and I'm going to put it in my low car of sauce and smear that all in there with my nice low car of pasta. Put it like a ball bunch of craft, parmesan or even though you hate craft. Oh, for me. It's right. That's how I'm good. I'll cover the craft part. Yeah. Well, what do you got against craft made? They make good to craft. I mean, parmesan. I just agree with that. I don't like it. Tom? For now or about what I hate about craft. Why do I want to hear about? All right. See how do I, look, when I want to eat. And there is actually some food in the supermarket here for that kind of call yesterday that idiot. I'm not into a political thing. You know what I mean? Right. Everything they make comes out of the same big bat. Yeah. Like chef for our D. Right. You got something against chef for our D. Yeah. Why do your kids are sick all the time? You're proud. You're probably feeding in Franco American. No. You're occasionally feeding your kids chef for our D. No. What about craft macaroni and cheese? No. How about to gyges eat in craft macaroni and cheese? We'll have. Yeah. Pretty many more. You know what I mean? You tell me that you've got some of the other shapes of that pasta? No, I didn't mean. I did. I got the penny. And how was it? It's good. I think I'm getting that man. The elbow macaroni. I mean, it was okay when I got that. Three cheese of sauce. You know, remember I told you about that. Mm-hmm. But it's like for Alfredo sauce. Part of tack on a plate. I don't want to heart attack on a plate. I rather just have the elbow man. And make my own macaroni. And like you said, screw craft. Now what about that? Right. One forty one. In fact, that's where the RC used to be in Detroit School Craft in Middle Bell. 19 till two and five sixty WDK, a very introvert to the day. George is top of a lot of pills. I've taken only two calls and Josh, he just saw that thing last night on A&E. And his whole life has been turned around. He's been illuminated. Yeah. I should've had to get rid of that crap longer. He'll be for a, it became too dangerous. Well, I was never really into that crap. Well, that's what I'm saying. Before your whole brain got stolen man. Before they burned your ass at the stake. Mmm. So it's beginning to get a sooner. Does that bring any bells with you? And I was talking before. Oh, no. Yeah. You know, sometimes it's the things that you can't see that really are bad for. Trust me. In South Florida for twenty years, rock concepts exist. The bastard, rock-cleaning carpets. I've had them clean my carpets for twenty one years. Nobody does it better. When you dry clean your carpets, you really can clean the day and entertain the night. When you use dry concepts. Your carpets safely, the longer there is no sticky residue. Left behind. And with over fifty thousand satisfied customers. You know a lot of other folks are in a dis thing. And they know what we're to find the best. And let me remind you that dry concepts are also experts in water damage. Keep that in mind during hurricane season, which officially starts a week from now yesterday. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not phase. And dry concepts can get your home or business driver within twenty four to seventy two hours. It's guaranteed. And a top at all off, dry concepts as a state of the art or animal work training plant. The only one of its kind in South Florida on site that it can keep your expensive area rugs looking brand new. So do yourself a big favor. Don't forget speaking of guarantees they give you a guarantee written price before they start to work. And then they do an unbeatable job that you won't even believe. Caled ride concepts today, toll free and datebrow to the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5071 clean today and then entertain tonight 1-800-248-5071 around the web. Log on to dryconcepts.com This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-28. Holy Macanad! This is Jobor in the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. That's a loony. But I can't wait to rest when I'm alive. It's a learn song, it'll listen. It is best singing and by the fact that they'll hear from the story about silence. But what is it's food? Rating the jacks and says that hot time. It all sounds your song. It's a song that you should listen to in a bomb. It's a song that you should listen to. It's what you said you're singing right away. You were there just like me. Sing a w-box out of the way. I'm the one who's singing. I'm the one who's singing. I'm the one who's singing. I understand organizing all my oldies, Jingles, you know? I don't have too many of them. I actually did go to the disc for that one. I took an accent. I'll do old CKLW. It's a veteran. And even it was with the names on. The names of people I have been born in. And now ladies and gentlemen, the Jim Edward Shaw. I'm the one who's singing. And I remember a Joey Reynolds old buddy too. Yeah, the two of them together screwed the rock and rebels out. We remember a while we came up to that straight time. So we released it a couple of times. So we released it a couple of times. And we got a red son. Somebody asked you all about that sometime. And I'm sure you helped me the rock and rebels back when Larry King pays back. All those people most of them were dead that he ripped those hats right. The difference being that Larry has made millions in between enjoy of courses from like along. I wonder if he still got bill or what's his name? Marshall with him. How old are you? You know, like to run the board. And last. Yeah. And cackle a little bit. Like the bird. Twelve hundred and sixty votes. We're going to be Dan near 1300 by the end of this baby. That is shocking. Almost. Almocy's shocking. CBS names the 10 radio markets it may sell off. Alphabeticly. They may. They're exploring the vestuctor stations in Austin, Texas. Buffalo Cincinnati Columbus. But that's since remember way to town. It's had a by him meals. Fresno. Greensboro Winston Salem. Kansas City Memphis. Rochester and San Antonio. CBS. He's less mooned. As the moon man. We actually talk about selling off as many as 35 stations in on core markets. Yaddi. Yaddi. He'd like that. So often Buffalo and rocks. And maybe even in the Laroi and Lockport. And Batavia. You think? Sweet water. OGEN. Kendall. Plantation acres. West Miami. Right. South Miami. Laroadale by the sea. Oh, well manners. You're fair. Naranja. You're right. All man. F.T.K. is going to be well. How come we can't really hit the jackpot. At least some of us. And especially not the you guys got your big contracts. How come we couldn't get a release. I couldn't. That was from inside radio. I just got the email. How come we couldn't get an email from them. I mean, basically broadcasting that besting and we'll pay off everybody under contract by the end of the week. How would you wrap it about? Oh god. I don't have a good time. I don't have that by me. Laws in my contract. What? My contract just says I have to stay here till a bit of end. Right. Next week. Whatever that is. Whatever you really bad if we start playing along this music. I enjoy it. I mean, you know, music. We're just playing like little little taste. We're just a line of everything. Calm it around. That is good as those calls. But then what is? What possibly could be as good as those calls? Mark. No boy. I love the production on me. Where did they record this in a barrel? Wait a minute. Let me try this again. There's nothing is really small stage in one unless it's got a good jingle. This is going to go on. Okay. One moment plus. See. Hey. I'll tell you what got sound. Okay. One moment plus. See. Okay. I'll tell you what got sound. To remember. Oh. Oh. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Oh. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Not bad. Not like when we had the fart sounds, man. We still be old fart up. Remember those days? I do. Not normal, man. I can't do not now. And of course, you know, like I said, I still check the email. There's nothing there from normal. Can't about this big meeting. He was having with Joe Bell. And there's nothing there from Joe Mama. And nothing about this. What? Nothing about that. What? And the beat goes on. Okay. Like I said, I'll see. I'm thinking out of jingle. That says that. What we surprised if it's in here. The beat goes on. Don't, please, have that jingle in here. Number 24. I am a freaking genius. Ladies and gentlemen, the beat goes on. Okay. The mood is see. Like that. That was like magic. Oh, what? Always remember magic. 153 a QA and a Tamil team pod. And then the final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. You're wrong. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final two. The final one. The final one. The final one. The final three. The final one. The final one. The final one. I'm gonna scream nice and loud I'll be the old lady Get me some water and a fat tree Alright I don't care if they're from my ratchuzi Use you to the torture Cause they're just playing their game In the past It had to be worse with the dumb who's sick