10, I'll want it 5, 60, WQM. I'll say to that chicken egg man, he is really, since you got that last check, he's really been more overtime, I see took the money about the good stuff. And speaking of the good stuff in Sigourney, we were my favorite thing that was on this week's disc was to co-racise the salesman who sent a bitch. Oh yeah, let's just play that to one o'clock. Yeah, George is coming up on a two today because I'm getting out of here. To dog days of summer, plus I don't want to overwork myself, and the addition to which would be very unlucky to overwork yourself on the 13th of the month when that be bad. Yeah, we just made that up. Oh speaking of the promo we just had for, I am why one of those Roger Clemens just retired and go away already. What is wrong? Retire, Roger. You jack-ass, you fat, egotistical jack-ass, God, go away already. Some people just keep hanging around and hanging around. God, well in his case it's not like he's not good, you know. I don't care whether he's good or not. Usually the old guys are good. I don't care. Well, about that guy we were talking about the other day that, um, what's his name? We get a little franca. Who the old franca? What a Julio. Gonna be 48 years old next month and he's still kicking and playing and taking showers of the guys. What's not to like about that? I guess he never made a whole lot of money. Wouldn't that be the reason? I mean, you know, nobody plays a sport until they're like 48 years old unless they don't have any money, right? Right. Keep hanging on for a cash. It's just like some of the rest of us. Human remains found in field near Dolphin Stadium. That's what I was getting to since we got the, the stroes coming to the town to play your red hot Marlins tomorrow after the All-Star break. Did my tell you I wouldn't watch the All-Star game, did I tell you that? I don't know. No. I'm trying to think about what movie I watched during that while a highlight was on. Whatever. Oh, that's what I wanted to tell you. I forgot to tell you this before the show. You wanted my review on it. Do not do not. Do not get it. Do not steal it. Do not look at it. Serbian. Oh, okay. If somebody gives you that movie, just say, I'll get back to you. Serbian. Okay. Oh, what a piece of turd. And you can go on a IMDB and we'd all those glowing red air. And it's brilliant at George Clooney. The only reason you don't really notice that much of the surge of Clooney is because he's got a beard to hold over any. He's got this from Pissuli. Looks like a real slumper. And I even worse than me. And then Matt Damon is in there and at the end of the movie, after he goes off and you're going to get yourself killed in the Saudi Arabia. He comes back to the wife and little kid. And it's so disjointed all over the place and it doesn't really say anything. You know, it would like to say something. And the message is then we'll be is that oil is what it's all about. Is if we didn't know that, you know, oil and money and corruptness people and corrupt business deals and these Saudis are a bunch of ragheads. And that's it. And the teach the kids to a beef fanatics and hate the West. And it is so bad. I can't even just, I would rather watch last days from beginning to end in this entirety. Oh, I see rean again. That's how bad it is. Seriously. So while those movies that everybody hiked up on George Clooney is a genius. And oh my god, the acting. The acting sucks. And it's just, it's nothing. It's much to do by nothing. And it's very dark and it's, um, a lot of a lot of foreign language being spoken with the subtitles on the bottom. You know, they're speaking Arabic or whatever. But it's just crap. All right. Good. So please. Please watch Fatsau in the very same teeny which I spent tons of my own money to get you those movies. And I guarantee you that either one of those movies a hundred times better than Seriana. There's anybody in the Saudi Institute wants to tell me that Seriana was a good movie. Much less anything beyond that. I think take a minute or two calls from people to say, oh, yeah, Seriana. Seriana sucks. Okay. It blows. It's garbage. I wouldn't wipe my ass with the film. Okay. That's how bad it is for it. Leave a film if you did. A Lancer of air working near Dalton Stadium, father remains of an unidentified person in the field yesterday. You're the state. What did you like that? Probably some plunger from McColder. They probably tossed them over the edge over to the stadium. Channel six of the remains and a pair of pants. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. That's the old joke at the track. How did you do today? Well, at least I left one of my pants on. We're found near Northwest 190 first street in 24th Avenue in the field from a across from Miami Gardens police station. The field is often used for dirt bikes and ATVs. The day County medical examiner's office kids were for one autopsy after the bodies removed from the field today to try to determine who the person is and what happened to him or her or it. Wow, that exciting or why it's figuring out him or her or it. I understand we got some new personality QA. That's what Chris Jones was telling us this morning. He says, Hey, y'all. How are you doing y'all? He's done quite a turnover in the sales department. We got left now. We got Todd Dreck, which is very sad. We got Troy and who's the other one? That's right. We're done. Wow. Turned over that whole sales department. Yeah. House cleaning. Wow. And just I should mention this. This is a great story. Some of the salesmen who son of a bitch. Yeah. I also want to say right off the back today. Thank you. Mr. President for those low rock bottom. I'm. I'm a gas prices oil surge to a record behind your seventy six dollars a barrel today. I'm renewed worries over supply for major exporter Nigeria. And as a conflict between Israel and Lebanon, heightened international tensions. Oh, boy. Oh, my God. All right. Again, he has really their bomb and light crazy in the Lebanese at home back a couple of rocks and oh, it's it's bad. Geophilical tensions have stepped up or moving on to a new phase in Iran and Israel said Mike Wittner of investment bank Calyon in the end. Geophilical risk is about a current supply. It's refreshing getting worse or new. Happening US crude and that's the F. D. word for a man. It's crude. All right. Hit erected seventy five eighty nine. Just when you thought you were going to get used to a three dollar gallon gas. Start thinking more like four. Okay. Start thinking four right now. Maybe by next summer. Yeah, something like that. So I for let's see if you have anything gallon tank for that will be 72 bucks to fill up. Oh, thank you Mr. President for those low now that we are in occupied Iraq and hooked these you up to the world feels not. And of course we knew that because they have all of that oil there, they were going to be able to pay for the the whole deal themselves. Remember that all the other line of organic line. All these billions and billions soon to be trading dollars that you the poor sucker taxpayers are paying for this occupation and the blood band. And human sacrifice. In Nigeria, two suspected explosions that accrued pipeline operated by Aguette. A unit of Italy's N. E. O. H. E. I. P. I. C. Those gas stations in Italy all the time. See in the seven a unit of any. A. G. Cost oil spills. And I do an official said any of the denied reports that sabotaging sensitive world spills and said them to be repaired soon. If I hear one more word about that stupid as zoosu was easy. Whatever his name is that them friends soccer player. I don't care what he said. What the guy, tani guy said. I don't care what he did. I know who cares. Right on and on. So all about it. Stupid head. But world Dutch hell is already head to shut down. 473,000. The girls per day of Nigerian diplomas. A quarter of output in Africa's top world's of power. Supply because of attacks by rebels. Adding to Middle East tensions is real struck by root airport and black Lebanese ports on Thursday. I used to see those at the Palestinians getting one square meal a day by candlelight in the dark. I thought it was rectangular. Well, not too much to it. And I hear the rumor is that it's trif. Oh, here's George is pulled from yesterday. What should be illegal? 1110. I'd say something what you left off a lot. No, this is the one with this would've got my vote. Sports talk radio. Oh, can I change my vote? Can we do it over? Wouldn't I have been the good one? See on the poll man on the poll man. Every that song is sold man by saying right. No, you want that book abroad. We sing him the poll man. That's me. That's what I heard. Every of Xford's. That's correct. That's correct. I'm the poll man. What should be illegal? You asked lying on the news. Jim, 38 now you're picking on Rupert Murdoch again. There's a wonderful people at Fox. Goodbye the way on my space dock. Thank you. I'm making me watch that DVD. I got all angered up which one. Oh, I found out Fox. But it was worth watching. No, how much bill are rallying underneath? A jackass or a him which didn't take a lot of talent to do awful. Never let lawful. Only one time he told a guest they shut up. He says, and then he said, about 400 tips of himself. It's a series of montages in their own. Yeah. It's fabulous. He's a jackass. And by the way, his impact in South Florida on a radio is still continues to be none. Less than none. He's still barely even shows on the Richter scale. And the number always starts with a zero. Long time that it would be illegal according to you is 138. By the way, you have a captain Harris's plane. Know what about it? Driving while talking on a cell phone, 355. Well, that would put us out of business. So we certainly don't owe for that. Right. Public money for post sports. I've owed it for that. 165. An offer that crap. Subsidizing billionaires so that they can get their bats involved. Right. And take showers with the good guys. Although Mark Cuban, even though he's a jackass, you see he's putting Dan Rather on his cable thing in Texas, I did not. Well, if you would read our story in bedtime stories on our website, you'd have seen that. Okay. Speaking any language other than English. 134. Well, let's see. That's the above the ass of South Florida once again. Speaking any language. Speaking any language. Quote with no thick and a pony. Okay. As the hatred just continues to flow. It's palpable. Yes. You love that word. It's palpable. It's a feeling you can smell it. It's in the air. In fact, when Thunderflat Newman was singing or something in the air, that was it. It was the heat in South Florida. Spigling ways. Talking in the movie theater, and of course, especially in language other than English. That's definitely sideways hats. 47. That's a punk thing. Yeah. I didn't even know what they're meant by that, but then when you explained it to me, it goes. Oh, stop already sideways hats. That's like, you know, the pants down to your thumb. That's a little bit of a thing. Look how cool I am. It's cool. Serving cool fries 34. I've ever said that eating fries should be illegal in a first place, because that's going to kill you. Fried in those trans fats, man. Deep fried in there. Just a tumor waiting to happen, everybody can't. And cowboy boots, I guess Josh has got a bug up his ass about cowboy boots 11. He's got a boot up his ass about it. So when it is, pulling the sound all about boot. I was more of a joke, but yeah. I see he was just kidding. And you go ahead and put it on the pole. Right. If you were to put sports talk radio on here instead of cowboy boots, I'd guarantee you would have more to live in votes. Maybe you want to try it again. Huh? There's a photo for you. Now we had, we made our 1,000 votes on a pole today. If Eric would have put this pole on or sometime last night with in reason, but I kept sending it. He's busy there at the Parliament House in Orlando. He is busy hanging with the guys, I guess. But we'll get to that. 12 to 10 and 5 and 60. WQM, let's take a look at that schedule, man. We got guilty. Back in the day, too. No wonder I'm a little bit of a gut to get that. I want that hour separation. Maybe that's why I'm leaving it one day. Because I'll let you do a crossover with guilty. Cross it. That's the crossover. Maddox, let's see a new interview with Tommy. For the 630 is Maddox, then the Marlins on the 630 to 7. The Marlins and the Strow is a PP Park 705. We're going to find out where the bodies are buried and it's a dolphin stadium. And it came from Vegas. And you know, we kind of cracked me up when Hank was talking about why it is in Vegas. As if he needs to be excused. They cover some fight. There's always the fight. You know what I mean? Hey, did you see the fight? Yeah. A couple of guys that nobody ever heard of before. Did Josh have any idea who they are? Yes, I do. I think you said Elizabeth Vargas. Nobody said that's her. Yeah. Yeah. Her against Dan Rather. That'd be a good one. I think Elizabeth has a chance. 1013 at 560 WQM. If you love the finer things in life, then you'll love Stowies. It's Miami's quintessential cigar shop and of all places it's in Kendall. With South Florida's largest selection cigar, Stowies of Kendall is sure to have your favorites. All the ones that you love the puff on. Stowies of out of a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from including Arturo Fuente, Pedro and Monique Christo, Romeo and Julieta and last more including a large selection of premium cigars and close out prices as well as obscure and hard to find cigars that you won't find just in every street corner. So get your ass into Stowies today and do a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from around the world. Join Stowies every Friday for their wine tasting from 5 to late in the PM featuring some of delicious for those that France has to offer. You'll find Stowies at 1 16 12 North Kendall Drive open every day, 7 days week. You can call Stowies and reserve a box of your favorites cigars, column 305, 598, 928, 20. Don't forget when you step into the shop, say hi to Mario and the girls and Ragnani and you'll get a free cigar the day just for knowing who the hell they are. That's Stowies at 1 16 12 North Kendall Drive in Kendall, 305, 598, 98, 20. Tell that to your old Pipesknokers since you bought it. What's all this is Neil Rogers? What's all this is 5 16 12 8. Okay, it feels in for the Pipesknokers this morning at 9 o'clock. It's good work for my engine, just at the operating set. I know. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say I was to your hand. How? You're going to get quite somebody good enough but though my piggy pants. But you're easy. I know kids, I love it being coming back. I'm trying to prove that we're a bit counteract. If you want to know what I'll send you from shut that transmitted to the lounge. Why? I'm teasing you. You're a clown. Oh, you're the ass, Bow! When it comes to my power... Won't you manage to go? Tell that to the dudes in the shopping mall. Throw them in. He's gankling! When it comes to my soft運... Hey! Hey! Oh, boy! Hey. Hey. My swatold car was getting dirty. And she was the lazy guy. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, yeah. Let's get those two back together again. What do you say, system? Tell us. Until midnight. Until one of them collapses or just kills the other one. Okay. Here's the public I've gone for today. And like I said, if we'd gotten this on a day, timely situation, we'd have that thousand easy, but we'll never make it. 360 is what we got. I think we had to do a complete 360. All right. Some thing plays our person that seemed better years later than it really was. You know, that whole thing about nostalgia and everything you've always, you know, the mind plays tricks on you. It was great talking. It was great talking. It was days at, you know, at the 12 corners in Rochester, you know, and went and wrote in Montero Avenue at rules, uh, drugs, getting your baseball cards and getting your haircut at the 12 corners of Arbashap. But that was so great. Although I will say this, Don and Bob's was great. And of course, that's a reason that that's the problem with nostalgia. All the things that really were great. They're not there anymore. Right. Like the famous restaurant on Miami Beach. That was great. There were nothing imaginary about that. It's long gone. Like Prince spaghetti house in Boston. That was, that wasn't just great. It was awesome. Awesome. Long gone. And all these. All of these things. Anyway, some of the thing person replaced that seemed better years later than there really was the nostalgia. I hate this pool 57. I can't believe that. I thought this is a great pool. How is that possible? You don't think this is a good pool? It is. They're just deciding to vote that. I'll get out of here. I hate this pool. My ass. Yeah. Well, what is that? What a bunch of luckheads. I'm telling you. Early six experiences, 47. High school, 46. That's time. Those two together. My hometown, 31. Yeah. It was sunny before the show day. Like Rochester. You know, it's a big deal with Rochester. It's a horse ball town. When you live there, when you're kid growing up there, you think, wow, this is a big city. You know, wow. And then you realize years later, it's a pot of little hole in a wall. You know, even Eastman Kodak is barely even there anymore. I think. I mean, what's the big deal with Rochester? They got to lie locks. No more done in bombs. At least not someone in bright in any way. So, well, who do you want to go there? Do you want to go to Rochester? Yeah. For free. They tried that theory. If I can use the word across like Ontario between Toronto and Rochester, and they shut that down about 10 times already. Because, yeah, there were people coming to Toronto, but who do you want to go to Rochester? But you think that theory? No, I've tried them all. Okay. Early six experiences, 49. I was speaking about high school 48. My hometown 32 early TV 26. And of course, you even tell, when you watch like on Nickelodeon and some of these other old time movie channels, and you watch some of those shows, some of them are still good. Correct. But most of them, oh, God. You think that. Well, you know, that's all I was available. Like the old today show. You won't see that in a more would like Dave Garaway and Jack less schoolly in Frank Blair and the news. And Jay Fred mugs the chimp. I mean, and the first to tonight show with more Amsterdam. I bet if you watched that right now, you just teal over. Probably. Of course, if you watched the one that's on our J. Leonard, you teal over too early TV 26. Most of it was crap. But it was, you know, it's what we had at the time. Top 40 radio 25, the 80s 25, JFK 20, college 20, the 70s 19, the 60s 18, pitch cock movies 11. See, I didn't put like rear window or individual movies. Because if we did that, we could put like, you know, we could spend the whole pole with literally movie movie or TV. So I, you know, put groups on here categories. Detroit 7. Yeah, it was crap. The 50s five because most of us aren't old enough. Almost a year old. No, remember the 50s, but I should do. You know, the 50s was very bland. It was very boring. It was Aussie and Harriet. It was probably no's best with Robert Young, medic with William Schattner and Richard Boone. You know, how come I'm taking TV shows? I don't know. It was rear window with Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly and Raymond Burr and film a reader. In other words, it was boring. 50s were boring, but sometimes boring is not that bad. You know, it was compared to other stuff like what school were. There were things. That's right. And we didn't help. Still have a few freedoms. New York has got five. Otsa was a late add and Harriet Truman's got four. Now, did you see the thing? It was, was that in why we fight about Truman and about the fact that the Jeff wanted to surrender and he was, he was held back on the one in the world that we had the bomb and we had a youth bomb and one youth our humus and not just once but twice right. So you want to surrender, we don't think so. Now, you just surrender what we wanted to surrender. How's that? That's a good nerve to do it. Truman. Man, well, it's 1951 votes on here. So we'll, you know, we'll do whatever we'll do. And I'm sure that there are a lot of add-ons to this polar. But the idea that I hate this pool is leading here. That, that's pathetic. It's got 16% of the votes. I hate this pool. That's the new leap of the season now. Get on here. That's what you had a horrible pool on Friday. That's what I voted on Friday for your pool. I hate this pool. And one by a glance, I'm telling you. What? That's what they're deciding to vote for now. Do we vote for that yesterday? No. Was it even on there yesterday? No. I don't think you even put it on there yesterday. No. I forgot to... Do you forgot to put that on there yesterday? Well, I'll see now you would know. So you leave it to me and then you'll say, see there's the old man's pool on there and they hate it. It's not about that. What is it about? It's about the time. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah. Because the word hate isn't about it and they're not hate this pool. Because it's just children what they're telling right now. Oh, overgrown idiots. That's what you mean like the ones that call like QAM. Hello. I'm John. You got a good point. See, there was no doubt. There was no doubt in our mind. He needs to be... Okay, I said the other day, taking out. I can't believe he's still haven't done it. Put him in the desert and don't give him a map. Just give him a get rid of that creature. Whatever it is. Think it over. Maybe you could hire him and the thing. Remember the thing? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Put the... And then the new... whatever it is. Oh, boy. Thank God. I'll never darken the door that building again. Never once again. Well, you won't see my eyes to know where the rest of me either. That exciting. And then afterwards you tell me about the turlets in there overflowing and dripping down the floor. Yeah, the floor. I've been checked it out today yet. People trying to use a tea room down on the second floor because the one on the third floor is like flooding. And then it's dripping through the ceiling down the second floor. Yeah, yeah. It's kind of our trickle down theory. Right? It works. Right? In fact, look at the numbers there. Look at every time the trends come out. We're trickling down. Pretty soon, new age. Oh, in fact, we got that. Some parts of the day. 26 past 10 at 5, 60 WDQM would lighten in quick speeds. The latest features and security. Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust. Called the day and get yourself the best off for the year. At Comcast high speed internet for only 24.95 a month, free for six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8-meg premium speed tier free. And always on connection speed about to 8-megabits a second. Comcast high speed internet is up to 5 times faster than DSL-15 and up to 100 times faster than ancient dial-up, which is for real losers. Whether you download music watching streaming video playing online games or simply surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast-connects means you'll always be flying through the internet with a greatest disease. Plus, when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you can instant access to free features like video mail. Comcast radio or Rhapsody Plus and up to 7 personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you also get free Mac and PC security tools included to be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. That alone is in annual savings over 100 bucks for me security by itself. So what are you waiting for? Start doing more faster than you ever could before. Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 24.95 a month for six months. Call them in day 3.05 Comcast or in 9.54 Comcast call today for all the details. Certain restrictions apply. This is Neil Roger goes with the toy. This is 5168. The cat life board. Attention man, put down that chicken sandwich. Avian flu is targeting you. It could be a your whole right now. As a public service of sport whole radio 560 WQAM, we urge you not to engage in a very time, especially the chicken you drove for, on my space. Signs of Indiana flu with action and stages. First you start talking like a chicken. Why not with a 4th bar life life? And we'll go. Oh no. I'm talking like a chicken. I'm talking like a chicken. I'm talking like a chicken. In this second stage, you grow feathers. In stage 3, the feathers fall. You deal with the voices versus a crocodile. You turn through their testing. Well, just like they drag such a republished event, the Zingling car roll roll. What do you see Jeff Danning? I sure could use a good method. Don't let Avian flu in the story or life. Thank you for this authority. It's here in Colonel Sanders. I came back alive to tell you to stop eat my chicken. It's riddled with Carl Roly and homogeneity. Tell you, you'll be my chicken. Probably key in you too. It's 1032. I'm reading some of the reviews of Srianna. Luckily, on IMDb either, here's one, it's got one star, riffs and masks. another one one star and one guy says it's rare event for me to leave a movie before the end it's only happened four or five times in 30 years of my lifetime but it was one of those times wow but the thing that bugged this guy the most I guess was the torture scene there were the pulled out George Clooney's fingernail oh I did not and to me that was one of the highlights I was pleased I think that I thought he deserved it here's one that says I was watching this slub of a movie at a mother-to-plexing Manhattan a bunch of teens came in the middle of film like they had free range of the theater they stayed for five minutes and left I wanted to go out with them haha the torture scene was okay but the one in the hostel was better big oil shady doors doens between CIA covert operatives and the real families of opaque of the middle east and it's got a bunch of z's you know muddrossed and suicide bombers yeah that theme is dramatic range was sightless and a thunderbird doll George Clooney is totally lost whatever good looks he had and looked all a flabby and old they should have tortured him a few days longer just just a slimmed down actually review Syria don't waste your money on a okay believe me trust me when I said you'll be so sorry so what's the message the Arabian people we're not in the territory and that you can't follow with it all it's totally convoluted does make any sense you have no idea who the characters are in the George Clooney have a wife or a family or I we have no idea what's going on in there it just did make any sense and of course this is supposed to be such a gutsy thing in George Clooney is a dead what did I tell you about him I can't stand him yeah you know he says a lot of the right things and then when push comes to show if he always turns out to be a shlob like it's in there I don't like that he looks through his eyebrows at you is that what it is well he didn't have to use our business whole face he had the whole full facial beard the whole deal and look real fat and frumpy and holding not that makes any difference if it was good movie I wouldn't mind whether he looks fat or frumpy but it was a piece of crap god that's a relief yeah don't that's one movie I will not be sending your okay on us all of a sudden you could just be offered some reason then I'll send you Siri and all no need to get hasty now if I'm lying poker is your passion if you fancy internet roulette you might want to consider taking up a new hobby there's one for your buddy prosack Ron it's not internet roulette it's called Russian roulette time Congress is taking a good idea it's taking a significant step toward banning most online gambling everything is being banned man he used to be banned in Boston out to his band in the USA everything oh wait till we get to the next thing about the FCC is reviewing past your plots when you hear this they're reviewing tapes of life especially sports television sports cast so if they can pick up some four letter words in the background you know how they have the microphone all the time that's rich no he's dead the house voted three hundred and seventeen ninety three two day for legislative state's network for him and credit cards and other payment forms from being used to settle internet wagers it were clarifying uptake to our law to spell out that most gambling is illegal online I don't think it's any of their damn business how do you like that right it would also allow law enforcement officials to work with internet providers to block access to gambling websites what sounds like China to me the bill would exempt state run lotteries and horse racing see that's the one thing in case you're I'm sure you've got that message from your friend as governor already a lot of these are good everything else is bad right of course horse racing is okay even though we don't want to do anything for but it's okay but a lot of these especially are great even though he haven't got a ten minutes chance in hell and it's probably the biggest sucker but going anywhere and a lot of very desperate and desperate people spent all their lunch money on it every day but then that's okay the fight now moves on to the senate leaders in the senate have identified internet gambling as a priority yet and the bill support is said the hospital gives them the momenta given him the big mold of the door to the court to send it to act the bills main champion at chamber republican senator john calivar zone said he would pursue it aggressively leave it to the republicans do want to ban everything okay pretty sitting on a ban your life you can't up can't read the area can't do squat can even squat support is a band save them that's widespread available they mentioned to easy to gamble something create betting additions and financial problems it puts gambling every living room at every school that's an every work station said john kint a business professor at the University of Illinois at urbanish campaign instead of the issue in supports the bill critics are you legislation favor some gambling industries over others and that regulating the trouble it out in the street collecting taxes and it'll be more effective than a ban oh that sounds like marriage of winy okay regulating and collecting taxes on it because you're not going to stop it what a bad idea we can't let it be wrong sometimes that would be very simple is ready to search there go on crazy over their nights you can't let cover our soldiers were going to kill like thousands of your civilians just to show you how pissed off we are and we're going to go back in eleven on again we're going to start to oh like us although maybe this is a good sign you see that thing on seeing new middle eastern crisis there's nothing new about it it's just a continuation of the same crap has been going on for five or six thousand years now the meaning this is a very good sign maybe finally they're all going to kill each other oh please yeah if those nooks going these released and all those schmatter heads over their just kill each other and leave the rest of the world alone hour we're sick and tired of all your us all about your spat and okay god such crap over to that there go stepping in eleven on you see that I did not what's really very looks like they bought the uniform's if you are me navy store for 133 votes on our poll so far some thing place or person that seemed better years later than it really was I hate this poll is still eating with 74 votes that I hate that I don't hate a lot but I sure hate that I don't know why because everything else is so divided up there's so many good choices on there and I haven't you know and those are just the ones I put on high school 60 early sex experiences 54 my home town 38 early TV 29 top 40 radio 28 oh and it reminds me of that fan now let's see so the WBC do you go to the SMI I don't know old children yeah well I sure hope you're not facting me something important because I've had a punch more I'll punch more paper in here inside jam the jam and it's a lot of important but there I one of those very malfunctions of the junction of breaking news is real has right to defend herself as your president oh yeah or is this real to show some restraint well I would be yeah I don't don't drop too many bombs on those poor right heads let's see what this is that was so important the South Park episode with Tom Cruise down to vote is closed oh it's not closet it was bad writing in a closet will be replayed because the episode has been nominated for an Emmy all right excellent that's one of the great TV shows in the history of mankind at particular South Park episode and of course don't forget our Kelly you know right no no otherwise he might he might bust a camp in your head so that's where he'll be replaced by a movie that's a co-hons to a foot of honor again anyway top 40 radio's got 28 interrupted my pull for that great W ABC Chubby Chester jingle the 80's 28 JFK 23 college 21 to 70's 20 to 60's 20 lot of drugs our hitchcock and a lot of dead people hitchcock movies 11 New York 9 Detroit 8 the 57 the Detroit Truman 4 not interesting how was it how about uh I don't know how you would worry because that won't list individual ones individual what restaurants you know that are now gone you know how I'm not saying that sounds good restaurants that are now gone restaurants that are closed that are closed that that sounds kind of awkward you know that's okay restaurants that are closed okay they'll know what I'm talking about now unlike the ones that I mentioned before all which were great like the famous I mean I don't care what any but I says about that any more than I care about what they say about Siri Anna look it back to you Siri Anna that's what you ought to do if you already was stupid enough to buy or rent the DVD just put it in your DVD player put a minute of it and say I'll get back to you Siri Anna then take it out and flush it down the toilet 18 before 11 at 5 60 WK and this may sound crazy but experts now say you can lose weight in your sleep according to ABC news in good morning America medical course bonnet doctor David Cance there's convincing evidence that a good night sleep can really pay dividends in terms of weight control studies point to two hormones regulating appetite which are in balance after people have had at least eight hours of sleep so called dialometrist at one eight hundred mattress the rope until midnight tonight save yourself a few bucks and set a few pounds at the same time dialometrist offered you that unbeatable deal they offer you 12 months financing no payments and the winters dialometrist have been right number one the world overall customer satisfaction for a long time I've been using them for years and they are for you all the name brands like silly certas Simmons king cool temper peat extrins and foster you would so call them today at 1 800 mattress or click them on a web at mattress.com 1 800 mattress MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for stew pandas saving this is real lottery this is five 16 do you know who I am I'm low green I made my phone when you were going out with jelly they had a close call and there's a sati ball two pastries car one way with the girl from team company but I got the door she was looking for a late at the time of day this is what's meant in a way she was going to be in nothing just right waiting Thank you. Thank you, 20. Bye. I'm out of breath. I'm going to die in the forest. I'm going to die in the forest. I'm going to die in the forest. I'm going to die in the forest. I'm going to die in the forest. I'm going to die in the forest. I'm going to die in the forest. She knows all the classic. She knows every line. She walks on with the wind. Freakings are missing. She did the Charleston. Who's you, Galington? Or our modern girl. When she's in the room, but to go and update, like the bad bear. Because of how efficient she could have noander. She got the challenge show. Like Georgian waves, please. Whatever happened to, as it goes on for a second. I don't know who I'm sorry. She doesn't have children. And she's happy. We've been fighting for a couple of different. But you've hurt. The president was younger. If you had your children. And you're a little bit too old. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Thank you. Thank you 25. There was the duke. And then there was the puke. 1048. This is one of the worst facts in the history of the show. That's right. Don't you agree? I agree. And this works like very familiar handwriting. Sure. I'm Jackass. Where's nine long three? Is that over in the west coast? I think. Whoever sent this facts, you should only rot in a hell. Okay. And this is, this is you right. It's a summertime man. Well, we got to choose from now. You talk about slim pickins. That's Kansas City, by the way. Whoa. Kansas City. That's right. And what I don't understand is nine one three and then It's got like a whole bunch of different numbers. I don't understand that number. Do you? No. I don't get it. Because it says two nine one three and then it's got R. Yeah, there's Wilbur Harrison. And so the Kansas City is. Stay there. Yeah. Kansas City. Here we go. And I had to place a, I've driven through it on the interstate. I've driven right through the where the interstate goes between the overhead State even once the, the football and the baseball stadiums. What's the baseball stadiums? I don't know the name. We don't know. But it's a beautiful placement. I got like the water fall there in a whole deal. And you can send it like right across the highway from each other. I guess. So right next to each other. Yeah. Nobody goes there either. Go play. Oh, that's um. Now what did team they got? I mean, I think they got a lot of an area code. What you're looking at better is our facts number with a number in front of it. Like they had to dial an extension first. Oh. Yeah. I didn't think this was from mod. Now this looks like a chronic regular writing to me. Isn't it? Yes, it does. Hey, Neil. You should end the audience will be pissed off on here. This too. Because this goes to show you. We take these polls. Which you know, it's not the whole show. It's a part of the show every day. But, uh, and so many stupid people out there just don't even understand it. The whole concept of it. It says you should add the gun five in your pool. Well, I mean, the fact that we can watch the guy five of those of us who liked it, which is the overwhelming majority of us. And we can watch it over and over. And when it comes on TV and even though we've seen 80 million times, we watched it 80 million and one time because we can't turn it off. And I'm saying. Right. So that that's exactly the opposite of what we're talking about. That is correct. That's a precisely the opposite of what we're talking about. I want to make a monopod for a camera. Good. A second that emotion. The poll question is something placed or a person that seemed better years after, than it really was. Well, if that's the case, why would we watch it again? Why would you watch any movie and enjoy it so much that you want to see it again and again and again and again? Maybe they just didn't understand the question. Now, they understand the question. They're just stupid. That's all. Like, I'm always saying stupid. And if there's anything worse than being stupid, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, that is just for a second. I just, you know, something that frost might even more than anything about a hate this pool. Because I can see, I mean, that's not like getting an overwhelming. It's got like 17.5%. But the other are all split up among all the other choices. Suppose if I ever took any calls, they might add some more choices on it. But I doubt that. You think they will? I don't know. What would you QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. I just wanted you to comment on what you felt from going to be the announcer for the Miami Dawkins to doing the World Series of Poker on the radio. Isn't that? Did you hear about model? Moe is doing the app. We heard about that. Just lay off model. Are you OK? He's doing a World Series. You're calling Poker on the radio. You know that? Yeah. That's a true story. He's coming to people man. They can be dropping nuclear weapons in homestead. And you're talking about moe again. You're one dimensional. You're narrow in scope man. Broad near horizons. OK. Broad near. And instead of just. That all the time. What's in a while, sir? When? What are these? Jesus. God Almighty. Oh, oh, I can kiss the ground that I don't have to be there. I have no idea. I do. I have every idea. God, what a place. What a festering sewer. An outdoor sauna bath. I went and went to a sauna. I was thinking about this the other day and then I got sidetracked. Yeah. And I lived in Kindle. I'm trying to remember where it was. I think it was in Horizons. Because once upon a time I lived on. I remember the street anymore in Kindle. I think it was. One of seven was that in between between Kindle Drive and. What's the other is it sunset? There's sunset down there. No sunset. 70 something. Anyway. And I lived in. In a quarter quarter. Shabbatat. Then I had a place. Then I finally bought a condo in Tongue. I'm a quarter there. But in between there. I lived in Horizons. Which is in a apartment complex. And they had a nice pool. And they had a sauna. Okay. And I must confess. I mean a fat slob like me sitting in a sauna. I mean why would I be in there? Lord. He was waiting. I'd be a warning. What do you mean by that? I'd be a sign on the door that you're doing that. I was doing anybody in there. But I was certainly watching. Oh, there was some really hot people in there. Oh, that's wrong with it. There's no log in. That's sitting around watching people sitting with a towel around them. You know, almost naked. No lot of. Hoping. You know, it is. Hope there is. But it's like this. As in just a little group. But then never happened. Oh boy. I didn't know why that struck me. It's just one of those things. You know what I mean? As opposed to all of these. There's a co-ed sauna. Yeah. Okay. It was just for the complex man. Okay. Complex about it. What do you mean it was in a co-ed sauna? Yeah. There was chicks in there and it was guys. And then there were some who were like, you still like in sauna when I lived in a cold place. We used to like to go into the sauna. Yeah. I didn't go in there like to get cold or hot. You know, you're going to get hot. That's what's happening. Very steaming. Even if they didn't have the cold going, we still kind of steaming in there. Double to Q.O.A.M. Hello. Q.O.A.M. Do you know the George? Yeah, we know. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. Listen. I'm not gay. Yes. We believe you are. In fact, we're positive that you're gay. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, new I'm a buddy. Okay. Yeah, I like to have this to pull. It was 70's porn. It was terrible. But back then, you know. Very good, you know. Yeah, that's true. He was like, like I said, it was a VTV. That's all it was available. So you thought it was really great. Yeah. And you know, the women did shave back then. That was amazing, you know. I don't know. I don't even look at it now. You can hurry. I don't even know if you would shave it. I couldn't have hurt. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Harry Reem is what a name that is. Early, early porn. You want to put. You want to put anything on there? That's a good idea. Yeah. Early porn. Is excellent. Well, I mean, it wasn't excellent. Although I will say, well, I don't know. I've seen some. Yeah. I know. I've seen some. Believe you me. But I don't want to go back to that again. 480 votes. Not that I ever seen. Let's see. Restaurant Center now closed three. I look at the way that. I don't know. It's really really happy with the way that looks on the pool. But we'll have to settle for it. They know what we're talking about. Restaurant Center. You thought we're great back then. It's just kind of like wolfies. I mean, stop thinking about that. Was wolfies really all that good? I don't know. I mean, I ate there as it in times at all, the various incarnations of wolfies. But was it really all that good? Probably not. It was certainly not like the famous. I mean, the famous was heads and shoulders of wolfies. I mean, wolfies, the big thing was the floor show, the pink floor show, the surface is screaming and ripping off the apron and running out. I quit this place. It's crazy. So it all is all the emphasis in there. Man, what a fine tell. I'm believable. And I used to think that it was a chicken and the egg thing like you didn't know which came first, whether the way this is. We're just snoddy, surely old bags or whether it was the clientele that made them like that. I no longer have those doubts. That's a leave you me. If you had to put up with those kind of, oh my god, all the enters every day. You'd become bitter and hostile. Maybe that's why South Florida so full of hate. The nasty hateful old rotten miserable. Like that, who do the death rattle all the time? Like that. Yeah, the old people sucked too. By the way, the good news is that I got rid of my cracking there. Remember I had that for a few days? It was lingering. That was getting very annoying. But I heard that. I think it was the springtime allergies. And now that's no longer spring. And it's the middle of the summertime. And how do I then hell? It's long gone. 1057 and 560WQM. George is going to be on the day from one to two because I'm pale and out. I'm getting out here. I'm going away for a few days. That's what it would make any difference because I wouldn't be on against all Tuesday anyway. And I'll still be back on Tuesday. One night right here in this chair. I hope so. Pick you yourself cruising the waters of this game bay at sunset. The Miami skyline off the bow. Miami Beach behind you. But if you don't own a boat, that may be the best news of all because the smarter thing to do is call club nautico. Do it right now. And rent yourself a boat at 1-800-goat rent. This is for smart people. The new club nautico on South Beach and Keybiscayne about top of the line. See way boats ready to rent and ready to go. Accelerating power boats, new models prepped and waiting for you and their sea rays, the Mercedes of boats. Call 1-800-Bot rent a club nautico. We'll get you hooked up. Join the club at club nautico and save even more. Both rental after boat rental. They do all the work for you. They take all the tourists. All that's to miss out of it. No preparations. No docking. Fesno maintenance. No cleaning up when you're done. No hassles whatsoever. Considering the cost of owning a boat, you can't afford not to do it to the smart way by choosing the new club nautico at South Beach and Keybiscayne. Call them at 1-800-Bot rent right now. Club nautico they set the standard armacies. 1-800-Bot rent. This is the new Roger's. This is 5-16-2-8-8. This is the new Roger's show. This is your point. religions, all that's on me want to tattoo myself. Nowadays that's what it is, all the littleпа wanted to pull off the rock amortie with its hands not to feel pleasant the future of Sydney. This took meworkersっぜ市. M14. Some of the reasons why I went sell customers in Bologna, amontest我, some could not get anyone from across the continent. This always felt, is the only way we see it prepared. We'll find a difficult out, just let your money out. I hope they've done me a huge big dowel, and you'll be followed by the rest of your foolish grind family home. I'm so happy. 560WQM. Sorry, Mom. Here's that story that you were sitting on. The answer you're waiting for is going to get you very depressed and amazed in the sound. A lot of things should have amazed or astonished no more. No, not after watching those movies, you sent me. Well, just be glad I didn't send you a Siri Anna. Yeah, yeah. Maybe I already mentioned that about 400 times in the first hour. Let me mention it about a thousand times this hour. You know what reminds me of, remember the movie Garden State? No. No, I remember we talking about it. Yes, on my cable and I had like 85 stars on the bottom of it. It was one of the worst pieces of garbage. And then you told me that a friend of yours saw it. And also said that it was maybe John Stone. Yeah, from the mine saw it. Yeah. Well, I guess your friend when that was before Siri Anna came out. If you hated the Garden State, if you despised last days, then you're really, you'll puke your guts out of Siri Anna. Okay. I mean, it's just all over the place. It just goes from here to there to a back over here. And there's, you know, and then he pulls out his fingernails and he's torturing. And then you're going to tell us this and then he almost dies. And then all of a sudden he's back home again. We don't know how he got there. And quite frankly, we don't care. We're just looking at our watch waiting for this thing to end already. And this isn't one of those I turned off in the middle like last days. I didn't watch it from a to z from beginning to end. I must say with much, yeah, yeah, because you're hoping, well, there must be something really fabulous on here. Brody's great reviews to be going on. There aren't. There ain't sucks. Anyways, spitting the things that suck the FCC is continuing its investigation into indecency and broadcasting by requesting tapes that may contain profanity contained for a fan of the indirectly picked up by microphones and live sporting events. Have you, I'm going to read that sentence again in a second. But I want to distract yourself in. Hey, drive for the roof. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. You know what I just said. I'm trying to be standing. The FCC is continuing its investigation into indecency and broadcasting by requesting tapes that may contain profanity indirectly picked up by microphones and live sporting events. Then we're going to go back and find the out of the 70,000 people. And whatever that stadium was in that particular day. We're going to find whoever was, it's an, and we're going to slice the balls off if we can find them. Is that incredible or what? Sources tell the Hollywood Reporter that takes a football games and NASCAR races and they don't swear in NASCAR. That's busted up. Have been requested because of potential of scene comments from crowds, coaches or athletes on the field. An anonymous broadcasting executive told the reporter, it looks like they want to end live broadcast TV. We already know that they aren't afraid to go after news. Another source said that the FCC and S. isn't at work for 30 tapes. Not to admit. Of news and sports. TV and radio live broadcasts just can control their own content with dump buttons, but it's much harder to keep tabs on background noise and people aren't mic-first sound. Television is becoming notably more cautious about the possibility of profanity coming across on air. For example, this past Monday, 9 on ESPN, the major league all, uh, baseball all star home run to be participants. We're often bleak that while up to bat. Hey, you look f***ing up yours. I don't know how they're going to rule, but they asked us for tips with a specific emphasis on crowd noise, set another anonymous TV executive. If some votes are going to crowd cause the reference, a whole, the commission is asking for a copy of the tape. How do you like that? Oh my god, all the girls. Get in dizzy. Watchdog, organization TV, watch is really sustainment on the matter. Executive director Jim Dijk says I'm trying to play the TV nanny the government is threatening our ability to experience the 7 in drama of live sports program, whether on a football field or in the cockpit of a race car, American TV audiences want to be in on the action and they don't want the government to interfere. Just like Mama Corleone said, Santino, don't interfere. Remember that? Yes, I did. I didn't even tell you what I did. Would have everybody start chanting a whole as they commonly do. Right. Just like in hockey games when referee makes a bad call, especially in Madison Square Garden, those New Yorkers man. I think they should find all the people in the stands like $10,000. That's the program. Let's put him in camp. Let's send him to get him. And send him off to Abu Ghara, right? Right. Perfectly camp. CBS and NBC and Fox spoke out against the FCC's decision for further review of the Rungo and K-Sover program. The Commission label has indecent earlier this year. In other words, anything they put on the ears indecent. I said you want to give it some fox, and you know it's indecent. Here's a fact that says a couple of weeks ago, WI would be added new host and night name, Markle of In, and we can send a kid from WABC. WABC. WABC. WABC. WABC. WABC. WABC. Anyway, it says, have you heard of this guy? No. Why are there so many right-wing Jews on here? In Miami, I can think of Dr. Laura Michael Savage, Michael Megved, Orthodox Jew, to which I would say, Oh, hey. Art Bell, libertarian. As Art Bell's still on here, I don't think so. Well, maybe I missed Fudge and Dennis Prager. Who the hell has Dennis Prager never heard of it? I was listening to very mediocre opian Anthony Show couple of weeks ago. It says that we're reading the ratings from West Palm Beach. They claim that in their first ever month in the market, their station went from a zero point at under David Lee Roth to 7.9 in their target demo of men 18 plus for number two in the market. Probably Wired Diaries. It says, oh, this must be somebody inside the business is right in Wired Diaries. On their un-sensitive next time, show that we're reading a list of all the things that they're not allowed to say. I think they're even more restricted than you are. Oh, that's not possible. We can't even say that. Also, I saw that this year they've been more murders in Toronto than in Miami. If he is because flat foot, kimbany is doing a good job. That's the chief of police in Miami. Who's son? It's a son still a son pot in New York. I don't think he's selling it right at the moment. But he is, can he call? Of course, what's the comparison? The city of Miami is like 400,000 people. Toronto is 5 million, 4 million, whatever. So what's the comparison? Plus he's only like 30 summers. Anyway, why not? That must be it because he's doing such a good job in his son's making so many good deals. I'm going to read that first paragraph again because I'm just so I'm so grossed out that other story. The FCC is continuing its investigation into indecency and broadcasting by requesting tapes that may contain profanity indirectly picked up by microphones at live sporting events. It just leaves you. Use what a fall on the floor and just give up. It's funny and stuff would take off the towel. I beg your pardon? I said it's funny and stunning. Profitic. Speaking of Profitic, there's your mustache you had to drown bold in that idiot. That's some depth. Well, we can't say we, by the way. I like his diabetes commercials that he does. Does he really? Yeah. That's will for brimley, but you know, I've got the same guy. Yeah. Will for brimley. 500 and the nine votes on the pool today. We might actually make 600 to 5, 12, or another coming in in chunks. In fact, most of you after hearing that story, I just read about the FCC, I ought to be two, two, not chunks right now. WQAM, hello. For a nail? Yes, sir. Garden State. That's my favorite movie. Sucks. About why we fight? I wouldn't see that on there. Okay. Great. I'm real happy for it. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Oh, geez. Just a half a second. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6. I don't know why I'm giving the numbers out. I'm planning on taking a lot of calls between now and 1. I'll let you be calling 10, 2, okay? Oh, yeah. Okay. August 80, it's a lot of call in Georgia. We take a thousand calls between 1 and 2, but we have to know. And so we need to, yeah. Then 99, 99 of them will be run. Come on. I think he needs to be a one-third nap is what he needs. He needs to be taken a little ride. Right. Taking for a long ride. Kind of like a car. What's the name? Carlo and the her. Godfather. That's actually about the godfather. Put me out of there. It's just a moron would write something like that. Did I just need any of it? Somebody would taste in their tush early porn, by the way, is past Harry Truman. But would he have said about Linda Lovelace, huh? Although maybe Nixon knew who'd deep throat was. Sam says, Neil, I have to thank you. I had a guest in town so we stepped by the hard rock because he felt like donating a few bucks to the engines. I don't play the songs because of a good buzz and played a quarter machine with 20 bucks. After five minutes, I hit the $250 jackpot. Thanks to you, I said, looks like this is a good machine, man. I played five more minutes to hit the $250 jackpot again. Then I ran out of there to which he says, alright. Okay, good luck to you, Sandos. Fedorol won't place. He found her good machine, money. He hit five of her bucks. And he ran a hell off. That's just take the money and run, man. Especially with an engine. So boy. What are how deep old feels about that? Come on, it's past 11 at 5.60. WQA and we got guilty coming up with two this afternoon. He's, I don't know, he was in the United States two. I see. I was starting to get optimistic. Although starting in August, mad dog sometimes going to be on the road. Sometimes going to be on starting in two. We don't know when or how or who or. I guess that all depends on how soon Joe Bell recoup rates from his little body. What do you think? And Chris Jones, our new salesman, we're came in this morning report that we got 600 new salespeople back there in the QM sales department. I'll ride and then he slows their out of here. Yeah. That's precisely what he said. He also said, do call yourself the salesman. You want to work here. Close. That's it. Close. Harking spots are for closers. Yeah. It's past 11 at 5.60 WQA. And summertime is a perfect time to have a special romantic dinner at the melting pot. Let's face it. Everyone gets in the doghouse now and then. Well, there's nothing like a melting pot. Find new feast to get things back on track. It's personal. It Iraq them ends with a luscious chocolate fondue dessert's man. It'll send your blood sugar to skyrocket and just look at it. What could be better than that? If you haven't done it at the melting pot lately, you're missing a really great experience. Now you can choose oil or broth cooking the suit you taste, whatever you like they got it. Choose from on trays like lobster. Fill in the yarn. See if you can see them. Cate in season chicken, pork duck, pork and mushrooms and lots more. Pay attention. The dipping sauces of the melting pot are homemade and so good. Isn't it time you dip into something different? The melting pot find new restaurant. They're in for a lot of day on North Miami Beach, Cooper City, Kendall Cross Springs and in Boca. Be sure and tell them that all meals since you buy. The melting pot find new restaurant makes an unforgettable night at the pot. This is a meal. This is 5.62. That's it. That's it. You're turned. What do you mean by that? You go girl, but that's not the last bread the last button to break our gun on my lawyer here. It is it? No, it is not. Home Depot. Do we already pay the home Depot? No. Mahakam we didn't pay the home Depot, man. I don't know. Are we not going to play it? I think that's it. What do you mean by that? And do we play a home Depot before this? Because I don't pay attention to that. I think you're playing these out of order. Just to kind of screw me. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Stop. We do. We're going to drop off. And this is how it's going to be. And we're going to drop off. And this is how it's going to be. And we're going to drop off. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. And this is how it's going to be. It is good. You can go into you. And this is how it see photographing. Who says to Martha's three, Come on and kiss them women and cheer with me. Lord, raise out of this love. We don't want to, come on, come on. Long, long, like smog. I'm going through the G.R. Rock. In the night and coming out of his cave, Taliban, monkey, set the rest and rape. Black male women begging in the crowd. But bodies only know, ladies and loud, Let's wrap back them all. All our brains, all our brains, all our our. Put on my bloody white shot. Don't do the G.R. Rock, all. We come on, for now, see and earn your life. Let's just American true position. Just go into the G.R. Don't be late. Come in and from every single fair estate. And the cowboy and the knee rock here. I'll be strapping on my suicide box. Let's rock, go. Raise your arms and make sure that you're one. Come and be here, then, along with the mother. I'm going through the G.R. Rock. Going through the G.R. She and I, two sets of our must-forves. Get me boys ready for a holy war. But that two sets of marks your three. Come on and kiss women and cheer with me. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. With all this law, oh, oh, oh. You got my beard and my long life's bottom. You're going through the G.R. Rock. I'm going through the G.R. Bring great faith and joy to me. Come in and give mine. Give them all. Come and die, my sweet man. Come and die, my sweet man. Look at 19 at 5, 60, WQM. Ronald Reagan, let's add him to the pool. So, thanks to his Robert Reagan's scenes of fine fits. Oh, well, yeah. All the line of authority was anything. But a scene out will far with the bad, hair, bad wax job. Then he says, maybe we can agree to disagree on Seriana. Oh, God. He says, I thought it was just fine. There were confusing moments, but that was only slightly distracting for me. I didn't need to be playing more than a few scenes. Makes you a good movie on DVD rather than theater. I can't imagine trying to concentrate in that venue. Well, I got the DVD right in the other room and believe me, I wouldn't give you a nickel for it. I will give you two cents. Here's another skating review on IMDB. One star out of ten. First, I must say that I'm a liberal. I'm completely aware that big business end of the Republican administration is all about big oil, especially George W. Bush, having been CEO of an oil company. But in nature, this movie simply sucks. Well, we could sit and discuss the fact that the US is in bed with the Saudis beyond the point. The storyline is so convoluted that the point is nothing, but a drop of food coloring and a swimming pool. The film is a prime example of what happens when producers spend millions on great talent and then waste that talent on a story that is a big brain thought is important. I see, some big brain. The thing that bothers me the most is the fact that it is important, but the handling of the subject matter was amateur advice. Sirian is a film that must have had the editors in a frenzy. Five hours of film and I held the time trying to convince it. Overall, this is barely a rental. There's another one that goes on a great length, just ripping it an ass. And the last sentence says, we're going to hell with it. Oh, yeah, was this a movie about the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing? There's no way to follow it. It's just all over the place. You have no idea who the characters are. And not only that, but you don't even, by the time you get to them, the movie. It's not important that you know who they were because it doesn't make any difference. Just, it's, you know what it is, it's a movie for a student intellectuals, just like George Clooney. Okay. Former Houston mayor Bob Lanier collapsed yesterday as he walked toward his seat. At a memorial service for convicted enron corporation, Cric Kenle, eliciting streaks from two women nearby, and a rush of a secret service agent. The agents were at the ceremony waiting former president Bush and his wife Barbara, that's George Washington, and rushed to a near-side along with several doctors. Yeah, a George Herbert Walker was there, Kenle. And of course, keep in mind, the Bush family, after things went south for Enron, they didn't even know who that was, Kenny Boyle. And who? Yeah, kind of like Van der Bush. Once that whole thing gets spilled wide open, Van der Hue, a pastor announced to the mourners that their brother had collapsed and asked the audience to pray, while paramedics moved Lanier onto a gurney and out of the church. On to a gurney, or here's a picture of him, putting in the ambiance and he's got a mask on. Hopefully it's a gas mask, but the gas going inside. By then, Lanier was conscious and looking around as he was open into an ambulance. Lanier 80 served six years as Houston mayor of the 90s, St. Louis Hospital, Scotch, and Melinda Ngu, was sent he was in stable condition as doctors there examined him. Lanier testified as a character witness at Leisferon conspiracy trial, which ended May 25. He prayed, had praise lay as straight as a string with me, and said he never recalls him way to anything soft. Straight as a string had a great line. That's a great string. So when somebody says someone is gay, just say, oh no, there's straight as a string. Yeah, but what if this string isn't taught? Well, what if it's a straight as an arrow, like a broken arrow, like with Leapy Lee? Some thing, place or person that seemed better years later than it really was. We have 545 votes. We already have 800 in 7 if weren't for Eric. I hate this pool 91, 16.6%. That's not very good. High school, 70, early six experiences, 66, my hometown 42. Although the lilacs and Rochester right now probably smell real good and the Randy's been part. Hmm, I can smell Rochester all the way here right across the lake. Early TV 39, it blew. Although, you know, I've said one thing, Amy divine on the bus to Brown Show, at least he could say, pump your magic trying or friday, from him. Oh, he's got a lot of money out of money. I've just said that now they have CCedbeeter. They would crack down. They'd be all over Andy's big fat ass. Chris, he's dead. Andy divine, you ever see him? Nope. Dick will also be fat Andy divine. He was, he got kind of a four hundred Andy river to the L.A. bigger and fatter and sillier. The bus to Brown Show. Pump your magic trying or friday. Early TV 39, top 40 radio 32, the 80's 32, JFK, look how many he's got. But third man. The 70's 25, the 60's 23, Sigourney, we've ever liked the 60's. College 22 New York 17, Hitchcock movie 13. Yeah, that's true. The pretty slow and ponderous when he came right down to it. Psycho is good, but you know, something when he really came right down to that, it's pretty slow and ponderous too. It was, it was very slow. I mean, there was that murder scene and then the rest of it was Sloan ponderous. Yeah. Oh, and then there was a Sam, what's his name going up to stairs? And he got slashed. That's right. That was his name. I don't know. I mean, early porn 11, all he was so bad man, deep through. Everybody talks about the was the other one, the was the green door, not the green door. Yeah, the hand the green door. Behind the green door. Maryland, Maryland, Chambers, right. And, uh, deep through. Maybe two of the worst porn movies ever made a lot of hair. Oh, God. And, and some on the men too. Early porn 11, the 50's nine restaurants that are now closed date. Yeah, that we think were really great. Like Wolfies, for example. He tried eight, hairy Truman six and Robert Reagan got one. One for Ronnie Ray gun, five 40. He was going to vote for himself, but he forgot. Five 49. Now, I got a column here that really, oh, yeah, I got to do the break. It's too long to read. It's on our website. I'm sure Josh remembers putting this on there along with the other 8,000 tourists that sent a mervee. Josh probably ain't too happy about the fact that since I'm not doing the show most days, I have plenty of time to send him like lots and lots of tourists. Oh, you're reading everything on the end. Has he been bitching about it? No. Don't bitch about it now. I don't. He's happy what he sees those stories coming in. Oh, in that case, we have 376 friends on our my space. It's pretty good in it. He's so happy he types with one hand. Michael Perente, the stolen version of 2004 in the Columbus Free Press. So long story. I would read it if I were you folks. I read a little bit about it. And of it. I read the SEC story. They're combing through tapes of old football, other sports broadcasts so they can listen very closely to see if they hear or in the background. And then what? Then what are they going to do? Find everyone who was there. All we're fine. 27 past 11 a QM hurricane season is here. Boyle, boy is it ever? Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home. Hurricane shut about. Let us got all your do with yourself. Hurricane panels. Live by the way those big home improvement warehouses. When the hurricane shut about it is your complete source for hurricane protection. They've got everything you need to get to job done and save you some big, big money. They stock all sizes of clear polycarbon hurricane panels and aluminum panels that are cut to your knees and ready for pickup or delivery. Off products are Dave Browden, Palm Beach County approved too. Contractors and installers are welcome and they accept all major credit cards. Let me say it again. They are Dave Browden, Palm Beach County approved. I just said that. Step by step, instructions are included. So why pay all the extra money for installation when hurricane shut about looking at your all things you need to do with yourself and save all those big bucks. Call them at 9.5.4. 2.3.7.0.8.3 or log them to their website hurricane shutroutlet.com. They're located at 600 Anson Boulevard in Hellenville. Let's say on these Saturday night. 5 between Hellenville Beach Boulevard and Pembroke Road. And if you call that number and tell them that you're wrong. You're told you to call. Don't give you a hundred bucks off on a minimum order of 250 square feet. So call them two day and get all prepared. All the things you need do it yourself and save you lots of cash. Call 9.5.4. 2.3.7.0.8.3 or log them to their website. www.herricain shutroutlet.com. This is New Roger. This is 5.6.2.8. 3.3.8. 3.3.8.3.8. They belong to a couple of months old. That's that. 3.3.8.3.8.3.8. That's a looser. And they're in a matter of fact. Who's first name begins with how? There's one thing we all understand. How made it won't be finished until we blow up back and stay. All right, we could change and round forever. With our tanks and all our truths, The special forces are so tired of jumping through them rules. You throw me in another airplane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up back and stay. How made it needs in New Clear T. I thought it on the air, but we didn't want to waste our pussy food. And blow up. Saudi Arabia. All you've taken Saudis man, both. But it's an interesting thing about Syria. And that's not that we need it. It's like reinforcing the fact that the sun is shining in a middle of summer time. Right. We really need that. It's just reinforces the fact that the Saudis are the lowest slime balls on a face of the earth. And you know, they're the ones who invented these madrases. And then they've supported that to Pakistan, where they teach all these kids from the moment that they go to school. Nothing but the core random, most hateful parts they can find. And hating the West and repeating the same over and over and over and over. And they just enacted indoctrinate them to be lunatics. And of course, keep the people under the thumb and keep them live in like slupperers and keep the women behind all those burpers and jerkers. And we already know all those things. So the idea that we needed like two hours and some odd minutes to watch this kind of a looped piece of tear. I don't want to, I just don't want to rehash it. And if you read any of the positive reviews on MDV, and it's all the same pseudo-electuals, man. We've been 10 stars. And this is not just the story that it's told, but the idea, the style, the, the, yeah, right. These are not people that go in and watch the movie, you know, to get a story or to enjoy the movie. Did people want to critique it, you know? Remember like, DJ Kapset and the exercises to the priest. And you see, do you like movies? I love to talk from critique. Remember that? Yeah. And so the question, father, paranoia. He was so good, DJ Kapset. I just, you know, how did you do? Then, I'll look at that one. I made just read that whole thing. It might take me to about four o'clock. I'm only going to be on to one anyway. Maybe George will finish reading it. What? A federal grand jury isn't that that former American Idol, Contest and Daniel James, DJ Boyd. And of course, if you, I heard he was for the boys. But if you watch that show, I guess, you know, who he was. But we don't watch it. Did Josh ever watch that? I've ever seen one second of America. Neither of us. No, I watched the, the auditions in the beginning. But I don't know who that guy is. Well, anyway, he's been a dead on child pornography charges. A<|vi|> of a video tape, incitual encounters with teenage girls. Oh, my God. The federal indictment was on CO Tuesday against Boyd 27 was a semi-finalist on the popular TV show in 2004. He charged with production child pornography and possession child pornography. The federal case stems from boys arrest in West Valley City. That's in Utah last month. Oh, not a pervert in Utah. He's accused of having sex with two girls ages 14 and 15. Some of those sexual encounters prosecutors claim were videotaped. Sounds like our Kelly to me. Sure does. Maybe they had to get him together with our Kelly could bust a camp in his hand. West Valley City police said they were made to wear boys alleged sexual activities. I've got to watch that again. Yeah. The South Park. I just feel like watching. West Valley City police said they were made to wear boys alleged sexual activities with miners when they were contacted in June by the 14-year-old girl. The federal indictment states that Boyd engaged in sexually explicit conduct for the purpose of producing visually patients of same. He is scheduled to appear in Charlotte City's third district court to lie 25 for preliminary hearing. Prosecutors alleged he had the girls booze before engaging and says, well, that's always a good idea. Since losing an American idol, Boyd's been pushing his new album of pop hip pop songs on his micepace.com page. The site said that Boyd graduated from the University of Utah's anticipating entering the field of entertainment law. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Since his arrest fans have posted well wishes on the website on his blog, Boyd's family wrote a message declaring there are two sides to their story and soliciting money for his legal offense. I'd be like that. Maybe they like to build a fence. So there's soliciting money for defense. 96 people hate today's pool and some jackass had the godfather belongs on there. And then some see the guys just a Mr. contrary to call me for about garden cities. My favorite movie and what was the other thing? Oh, and yeah, I wouldn't like. Yeah. In other words, whatever you say, you're full of crap and I know it all. That's why you're sitting on your ass call some stupid radio talk show on a phone you jackass. Michael Perey writes in a Columbus Street press, the stolen election of 2004. This is very long and almost as a convoluter, no, it's not convoluted as well. It's not a big deal. I'm going to do it. The 2004 presidential contest between John Kerry and the Republican George Bush amounted to do another stolen election. This has been well documented by such investigators as representative John Kahnews, Mark Chris Binniller, Bob Petrakis, Harvey Watson and Beth Harrison others. Here is an overview of what they reported along with observations of my own says Michael. So 105 million citizens voted in 2000, but in 2004 the turnout climbed to at least 22 million. Pre-election surveys indicated that among the records 16.8 million new voters, Kerry was a heavy favorite, a fact that when Larza and reported by the press. In addition, there were about 2 million progressives who had voted for Naderin 2000, who switched to Kerry in 2004. Yet the official 2004 Tally showed Bush with 62 million votes about 11.6 million more than he got in 2000. Meanwhile, Kerry showed only 8 million more votes than Gorgot in 2000. Two of achieved his remarkable 2004 Tally, Bush would have needed to equip all his 50 points from 2000, plus a majority of the new voters, plus a very large share of the very liberal Naderin defectors. Nothing in the campaign in the opinion posted just like to mass crossover, the number simply do not add up. Absolutely. In key states like Ohio, the Democrats had achieved immense success at registering new voters, out to the Republicans by as much as 5 to 1. Moreover, the Democratic Party was unusually united around its candidate, or certainly against the incumbent. In contrast, prominent elements within the geopolitical predisposed open disaffection publicly voicing serious misgivings about the Bush administration's huge budget deficits, reckless foreign policy, the aquatic tendencies and threats to individual liberties. 16 newspapers that endorsed Bush in 2000 refused to do so in 2004, in fact, 40 of them endorsed Kerry. All through election day 2004, the exit polisher Kerry had 53-47% giving a miniatur to the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. He was a big fan of the election. Democratic precincts enjoying record turnout for the proud decision numbers of polling stations of voting machines and many of the machines they had kept, they did have kept breaking down. After waiting long hours, many people went home without voting. Pro-bushed precincts almost always had an avoiding machine, all working well enough to make voting quick and convenient. A similar pattern was observed with student populations in several states, students at conservative Christian colleges had little or no way to the polls while students from liberal arts colleges were forced to line up for as long as 10 hours causing many to give up and not vote. In Lucas County, Ohio, one polling place never opened. The voting machines were locked in an office and no one could find a key. In Hamilton County, many Fcinty voters couldn't cast Democratic vote for president because John Kerry's name had been accidently removed when Ralph Nader was taken off the ballot. A polling station in a conservative evangelical church in Miami, County, Ohio recorded an impossibly high turnout of 98 percent while a polling place in Democratic inner city Cleveland recorded an impossibly low turnout of 7 percent. Latino native American-American voters in New Mexico, favored Kerry by 21, were five times more likely to have their ballots spoiled and discarded and district supervised by Republican election officials. Many were given provisional ballots at subsequently were never counted and the same democratic area is Bush won and astonishing 68 to 31 percent of said victory. Long Republican judge in New Mexico discarded hundreds of provisional ballots cash for Kerry, excepting only those that were for Bush. Can we get that last sentence again? Long Republican judge in New Mexico discarded hundreds of provisional ballots that were cash for Kerry, excepting only those that were for Bush. Congress of right wing activists, many of them religious fundamentalists were financed by the Republican Party. Deployed the key Democratic precincts they handed out flyers warning that voters went unpaid parking tickets and arrest recorder owed child support would be arrested at the polls all of course untrue. They went door to door offering to deliver apps and debounds to the proper office and announcing that Republicans were to vote two day election day and Democrats on Wednesday. Cute. Democratic poll marches in Ohio Arizona and other states who tried to monitor election might in election night vote counting were menace and shut out by squads of GOP TUS. In Warren County, Ohio immediately after the polls closed Republican officials announced a terrorist attack alert in order to press to leave. They then moved all ballots to a warehouse where the counting was conducted in the secret producing an amazingly high-tally for Bush some 14,000 more hosts that need received in 2000. It wasn't the terrorist to attack Warren County. United remarkably well with phantom populations. The number of votes in Perry and Kiyoga counties know Ohio as see the number of registered voters creating turnout rates as high as 1204 percent. In Miami County nearly 19,000 additional votes early appeared in Bush's column after all the precincts had reported. In a small conservative suburban precinct of Columbus, only 638 people were registered. The touchscreen machines had already 4,250 votes for Bush. Almost half the Mexico's counties were voted to report to them were recorded as being cast and the tally were consistently in Bush's favor. These ghostly results were dismissed by the Mexico's Republican Secretary of State as an administrative last. Exit poll shows Kerry solubly had a Bush in both the popular vote on the electoral college. Exit polls are an exceptionally accurate measure of elections. In the last three elections in Germany for example, Exit polls were never off by more than three tens of one percent. Unlike ordinary opinion polls, the Exit sample is drawn from people who have actually just voted. Exit polls are not those who say they will vote but never make it to the polls and those who can't be sampled because they have no telephone, otherwise can't be reached at home. Those who are undecided or those who change their minds about whom to support and those who are turned away at the polls for one reason or another. Exit polls have come to be considered so reliable that international organizations use them to validate election results and countries all over the world. Republicans have argued that in 2004 the Exit polls were inaccurate because they were taken only in the morning when Kerry voters came out of great numbers, apparently Bush voters sleep late. In fact, the polling was then at random intervals all throughout the day and evening results were as much favoring Kerry as it really results. It was also argued that pollsters focused more on women who favored Kerry than men or maybe large numbers of grumpy Republicans were less inclined than Kerry Democrats to talk to pollsters. No evidence was put forth to substantiate these fancival speculations. Most revealing the discrepancies between Exit polls and official tallies were never random but worked to Bush's advantage in 10 out of 11 swing states that were too close to call sometimes by as much as 9.5% as in New Hampshire and on herd of margin of error for an exit poll. In Nevada, Ohio and New Mexico and Iowa exit polls registered solid victories for Kerry yet the official tallies case went to Bush a mystifying outcome. In states that were not hotly contested the Exit polls group quite accurate. Those Exit polls in Utah predicted the victory of per Bush 70.8% to 26.4% the actual result was 71.1 and 26.4. Almost exactly the same. In Missouri where the Exit polls predicted a Bush victory of 54 to 46%. The final result was 53 to 46%. One explanation for the strange anomalies in the Votesales was found in the widespread use of touchscreen electronic voting machines. These machines produced results that consistently favored Bush over Kerry often in chilling the consistent coverage of the U.S. at polls. In 2003 more than 900 computer professionals at Sunday petitioner gingley at all touch screen systems include a verifiable audit trail. The screen voting machines can be easily programmed to go dead on election day or throw votes to the wrong candidate or make votes disappear while leaving the impression that everything is working just fine. All we're fine. A tiny number of operators can easily access the entire computer number through one machine and thereby change votes it will. The touchscreen machines use trade secret code and are tested reviewed and certified and complete secrecy verified cancer impossible because the machines leave no reliable paper trail. Since the introduction of touchscreen voting, mysterious congressional election results have been increasing. In 2002, Senate and House Contest in state legislative races in North Carolina in Nebraska, Alabama, Minnesota, Colorado and elsewhere produced dramatic and puzzling upsets, always at the expense of Democrats who were hitting the polls. In some counties in Texas, Virginia and Ohio, voters who pressed the Democrats' name found that the Republican candidate was chosen. A Twitter friend of mine did then Florida in Brown County, pressed the Kerry and it came a Bushman to a, not totally that. Yes, he did. Now he takes his 3 GOP candidates, one by exactly 18,001 votes a piece, a nurse statistical impossibility. All our judges voters use dive-old touchscreen machines in 2002 and judges in Democratic Governor and in Democratic Senator who were both well ahead in the polls just before the election lost an amazing double digit voting shifts. This may be the most telling piece of information of all. In New Mexico in 2004, Kerry lost all precincts equipped with touchscreen machines, a respective of income levels, ethnicity, and past voting patterns. The only thing that consistently correlated with his defeat in those precincts was the presence of a touchscreen machine itself. In Florida, Bush registered an expertly sharp grumps in his vote compared to 2000 and counties that used touchscreen machines. Companies like dive-old, Sequoia, and ESNS that market the touchscreen machines are owned by militant supporters of the Republican Party. These companies have consistently refused to implement a paper trail for discusses visions and give instant validation the results of electronic voting. They prefer to keep things secret claiming proprietary rights, a claim this has been back in court. Election officials are allowed to evaluate the secret software, apparently corporate trade secrets are important in voting rights. In effect, corporations have privatized the electoral system leaving it easily susceptible to fixed outcomes. Giving the situation is not likely that GOP will lose control of Congress coming November. The two-part immunophilate friends to become an even worse one-party tyranny. This is Neil Roger. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. And on your side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. On my side. I can't say a word that the games with sea Golds are in a woman, hands a man Two din atoms, apple and giant hands Golds are in a woman, hands a man But that's still turned to one come on That's who turned to one Well, man is a completely public end Who likes to flash her skinny gowns With no background all she can do Is my underback and say can he'll do the Jews? Golds are in a right way Artisan thing, give a mini skirt And I long win Nothing bad will ever happen to him Cause evil always wins you take Evil always wins Well, when she's on the view food Like we stare with a little drool And laugh along with the hateful swill A partisan funded side choke-filled Golds are in a basket Artisan, Golds are in a basket Artisan, Golds are in a basket Artisan, Golds are in a basket Who's a paid on you, who's a paid on you Who's a paid on you, who's a paid on you Who's a paid on you, who's a paid on you But she does have one hell of an atom's apple To that, they gives your head 12 or two or five, 60, W.M. I just had a brainstorm during the last break there Cause I usually don't, I try not to read some That's that long and pondress Although I think that that was a worth it That was great, not that long at all Now, it wasn't that bad But I'm thinking that like, once we get through the summer schedule I like the weekend after Labor Day Go back to our regular schedule Well, the way we'll do it is like, I'll do 10 to one every day And I'll sit and ramble on and read these event times And then one to two George can take all your great calls Oh yeah I don't think it was a brainstorming Oh, the cars love you, man Oh, the cars, the nice big two That's right I'll three of them Oh, you know, you want to They want you Yeah, I mean, what would you rather hurt All those statistics there and that depressing information about how the Republicans are seeing all the elections? Oh, would you rather hurt Please please I would you rather hurt that about 80 times Without a trick question Yeah, that's that's what I want you to think about I'm your thinking cap And then watch Seriana Oh, you got to put a thinking cap on me for your watch then Oh, that's what some people would say The pseudo-relectorals would say Oh, it's true cerebral for you, Neil You just don't understand I got news for you, man Even the people are rotting don't understand it Just a hodgepodge of Tempts to say something, you know If you're going to say something come out and say it could be No, that's the one thing that bugs me about that the daily show You know, they keep hinting in yuck in and the audience is Wailing and screaming Just come out and say it, okay Like when they had the what's his what's your name on her Kevin Spacy the other day? Oh, Jesus He's he's hinting it doing a rip job I'm bush, but he doesn't actually come out and say you know Like he's just supposed to assume we know what he's real wants to say And he audiences will put it up, you know like Of course by that time at the night they're all stone off their ass anyway So that you know they must drag those people in off the street The ones who aren't part of the staff 600 and six, well, and now I don't know if you've ever seen it Have you ever saw it in network Although Josh is probably asleep at that point Remember they showed the guys who are prompters with the audience And they're running around, oh yeah He oughting to woo up That's not all TV show, it's true That's why you hear these people screaming and wooping it Especially in some of the most inopportune times, you know But they just announced somebody's dog died And they're like, yeah, crazy people Oh, Israel's enforcing Naval and Air Block Kated in Lebanon Here we go again We're in a bomb agrande, we're in a bomb and pecania All the bombs all the time Thomas enough to inspire me to play that damn thing One, two, three, four, more bombs drop Five, six, seven, eight, four bombs drop Oh, nine, ten, eleven, twelve more bombs drop We're going to drop Ah, the bombs I'm the black one, all the drops And they go, stand Oh yeah Six hundred sixteen votes on the poll Some thing, place or person that seemed better years later than it really was I think it's a great poll Sure Audience doesn't, at least when we got, you know, in a summertime Oh, it's a little bit of a risk I hate this poll, 105, 16.9 percent Early six experiences 79, high school 72 My hometown 44, yeah, was pretty weak Early TV 43, top 40, radio 34 The 80s 33, JFK, he's still stuck on Not third man The 70s 28, the 80s 26, college 25, New York 19 Oh New York was great, I'll take your word for it Early poor 18, Ronald Reagan 13, Hitchcock will be 13 Restaurants that are now closed 12 The 50s 11, Detroit 8 and Harry Truman, solement they say It's only six For Harry Got some bad news for the, uh, bitch with a big Adams apple by the way I'm not really bad news, it's going to cost about 40 cent a day Or maybe more like Not third man And colders, no stranger to controversy But her latest adventures have several news papers Questing mother carrying her syndicated column is worth a trouble The three Fort Louisiana times is currently leaving the decision Whether not to keep cold or up to its readers But the first newspaper to officially drop colders Consensalated up for or began seems to be the Gazette of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, where the comet appeared for about 14 months A opinion page editor Doug Newman told editor and publisher Our decision was maybe for the plagiarism allegations It did come after the publication of quarters book But I would say it didn't directly play any role in our decision However, Newman surmised the quarters in Cendiary book They have played an indirect role in the final decision I think it was the book that began to unwind support among her readers Newman excite Unwind support, I think like that The liberals have never liked him, we've always gotten complaints from them But the complaints that mattered the most were from the conservative readers Who felt that their views were being misrepresented Especially about those heartless 9-11 widows, you know? Those bitches I mean the stuff that she says most people would be like drag off the stage And whipped in the drowning quarter for that Covers syndicate universal press theater or plagiarism charges earlier This week I'll all roster races is plenty more to come Though the Gazette may be the first to drop the off-spoken conservative commons In recent months, Newman emphasized it's not uncommon for opinion pages to change their lineup The daily his long-public conservative Cal Thomas It replaced colder with another conservative David Limbaugh Who has that? I don't know We've always had a rich line for conservative commons in Newman and we still do I'm pretty pleased with you A website for upcoming John Lennon documentary The US vs John Lennon Mox the conservative leaning, drug report, conservative leaning Wow, he is rather rather than a toadier Calling itself grudge report, raw story is found I don't think that's anything new There's a drug retort I think there's been a grudge report for a long time Yeah, there's all kinds of versions of that Based on that gay queen The film is distributed to Lionsgate purchased the site domain for the US vs John Lennon dot com I'm just saying it's all lumped together The US vs John Lennon dot com Back in February, but to set up permanently didn't go live until a few weeks ago John Lennon paramount Lionsgate movie campaign Mox drug report We've had a headline at the Fudge report posted last night Why don't we the Fudge report normal Even when you've got that flashing light on there Movie web noted the copycat aspect of the promotional website a few weeks ago This is pretty weird road-briing Gallagher for movie web The site opens up to a grudge report site that is obviously mocking the drug report site That has a bunch of little Lennon related links on it Click on the first one to get to the movie site Though there isn't much there, Royal Gallagher All we get is a trailer a brief synopsis message board A link to this notopio thing and a link to register for updates Pretty weird but not heavy on content Currently, graduate programs at the site is at 494,000 Plus visitors last 31 days and 15,000 Plus in the past 24 hours Oh, we do better than that The main link at the top of the site takes the reader to a page in which the film's trailer can be viewed along with the synopsis of documentary and the message board The US vs John Lennon is a compelling and provocative look at John Lennon's Transformation from beloved musical artist, Randy War activist To iconic inspiration or of peace But also reveals the true story of why and how the US government tried to silence him according to film's website The film will also show that this would not just nicely lead to that disorder American history But that the issues and struggles of that era remain relevant today Quite the internet movie database, oh not IMDB The documentary will feature interviews with Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono And song, Sean Lennon Ever seen Sean Lennon together with a pro-Zachron same person Really? And so, Koko Ono also the same person Along with the eclectic mixes celebrities and historical figures such as Watercrunk Harava Rivera, Angel of Davis, and G Gordon Litty Oh my god, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere Spend Neil Roger That's the movie Graduate port, links to other Lennon related websites and articles as well Cooking on the link called Fans of Brace Lennon's Battle with Government takes one of the publishers website for the book Give me some truth to John Lennon at P.I. Files written by John Weiner Oh my god, Stu Goss, we didn't know we had all these other skills Did you know that? Surprise John Weiner is written give me some truth In fact, I think his new book is going to be called Give us some numbers over there across the street Clicking on John and Yoko plead give piece of chance Takes one to a video for the 1969 bed in for peace by Lennon and Ono And believe me, you don't want to see that especially on a full stomach The film is scheduled to be released this September by Lions getting conjunction with VH1 Another exciting news or what? Okay, I don't know about you, but I'm a little John, I have a server from a little John Lennon and burnout Is that a band thing to say? No, that was a little tired of him Yeah, so I loved him a lot and I liked his meat Yeah, but I mean, I don't know It's a good idea It's the Yoko thing Yes, right Stayed to go on tour We can put up a tour with somebody else Like better do you ride in fact the Yoko factor war Well, Max factor, the exercise in itself That's the amount Imagine there's no Yoko How can you do? Uh-oh, you know, she's a hell of a guy Oh, I'm speaking a guy's way to do here this Oh, I don't have time now, but I do the break Don't forget George wanted to take a lot of your calls Is that what you're going to do? Yeah, both of them But you do whatever you want because it's your hour It's hard to drink and then if I can do that Ha ha ha ha In fact, you might keep people to call them and refuse Since you haven't seen it, you know, you can be very objective And refute my reviews of Serriana No thanks I trust you Oh, believe you me I mean, you know, there are some movies that you can debate They're like right on the age and they're debatable But I mean, this thing is such a piece of garbage God When I think of some obscure movies that like that Only Mahoney with what's his name Right, Philipsy more hot Philipsy more hot That's a great movie If I say for a puncher like me for, you know, the genre gambler It was a good story Well told Yeah, and so it was a story No, the genre gambler Grinch of ours Matter first well-acted well-mold moved along But nobody will ever hear that movie No, no, and what about imaginary heroes Exactly Even Josh like that movie in spite of his room It's fair to leave him Oh why? Well he walked in on that one Yeah, talk about bad luck To watch that? That's really bad luck That's the way it works You watch that movie It's like an hour and forty minutes long Or two hours how long it is And there's one scene in there that you might be embarrassed If somebody you see you watching And whoop incoming to the roommate, you know That's bad. But I mean there wasn't really much going on after that midnight New Year's Eve kiss, you know? It was too guys but nevertheless. Trump and its past noon at 5.60 WQM summertime is the perfect time. In fact, anytime is the perfect time. Now that's special, romantic dinner at the melting pot. Let's face it, everybody gets in the dog house now and then. Especially if somebody walks in and you're watching that game to see in the movie. And if I want to take your roommate to the melting pot. You just keep reading this pot, buddy. Well there's nothing like a melting pot. Well take your roommate and the Russian chick and the George and everybody. Just take them all in there with all the big books you make it now. He's right about like a melting pot. Find new feast to get things back on track. It's personal interactive and ends with luscious chocolate fondue desserts, man. Your tunnel will be wagon. Look at me better than that. If you haven't died at the melting pot lately, you're truly missing a great experience. Not just a meal but a dining experience. And now with a pot you can choose oil or broth cooking a suture taste whatever you like. Choose from my phrase like lobster. Fill in my yarn. See you. Kazan season chicken pork duck port about our mushrooms and lots more. The dipping sauces at the melting pot are homemade and oh, it was so amazingly good. Isn't it time you dipped into something really delicious? The melting pot fondue restaurant you'll find them all over time. Be sure and tell them that old meal sent you by for real treat at the pot. For lottery or north Miami Beach Cooper City, candle cross brings and bokeh. The melting pot fondue restaurant is truly unforgettable. Believe you me, you'll be a lot happier spending your night at the pot as opposed to on the list is meal Roger. What's solid? This is 5.62 a set. Starting for the pot. Push it to the side for the apples. Push it to the side for the apples. Push it to the side for the apples. Jamie says my awful guest I guess. He's got a best vacation to win it. They were getting too close to the towel headed by the countercatches for all the crew with David watching. Push it to the side in the pot. Push it to the side in the pot. Push it to the side in the pot. Push it to the side in the pot. If they throw the fish this summer, three times, three times, five times the prize will be about three a bit. Because you've made lunch walking. Put it to the mouth吃 a little bit. Push it to the side in the pot. Push it to the side in the pot. Push it to the side and find a way to shape up the pot. Push it to the side in the pot. I'm not going to read the whole thing. Martin and Fort Myers says, even though we all know that something is smelled bad on the election day, the article is stolen election in 2004 is very disturbing and sir you are... When you add why we fight document, we can get a very nice picture of what laser head of us, and it ain't a pretty picture of Martin you're right. It basically means that this nation is screwed for a long time to come. No matter what scandal in the geopolitia, no matter how many more soldiers are killed, they'll do whatever they want. If we had a bit of democracy in this computer circle would be right on every news channel, so commander W recines and apologizes to the nation. Not that Democrats are much better, two official parties are still just more than Nazi Germany, or the Soviet Union hand. This is Martin and Fort Myers. The very first vacation is Martin and what I said, you got your thumb on it. And I keep my name, well it's probably a fictitious name, good thing, Martin. Yeah, as in like my favorite Martin. Do you ever stop at the good about that? My favorite Martin is named Martin. I've got it. I've got it. Never really done. I mean, that's because I'm too slow to understand like complex things like Syrianna. Yeah, it was very cerebral comedy show that was. It was. Well that's why I had all the things to come protruding from my head and it said I come out of the way. We're going to do his brain. 646 votes on the poll. I'm not going to read the result now because I hate this poll. He's got 17% 100-11. That combined with that poll, the suggesting we put the godfather. And that is stupid, man. Just stupid. Just take your pants down, bend over and show the world your. Let them ass. That evidently is the number one hobby in South Florida during the summertime, which is why I know you're going to have a great one to two hour. I'll take a glass on childhood at the bit. It's the guilty warm up hour. I'll say that for you. And then now that we got the all star break finally over, we got the Marla's back in action again. It's the Houston Astros. We got Don 12 pitching the and then who they got pitching? I've got sure. No, it hangs in a name and sounded like I don't know. It can meet it up. And then they got Roger Clemens tomorrow with his big fan. Right. Yeah, I'll be engineering that game all by the way. What do you mean by that? Dave will not be there. So Jesse will be filling in for him. So I'll be engineering it. Now wait a minute. Where's the game tomorrow night? That's right. Dave and boring will not be there. They've been horned. We'll not be there. Who will be absolutely. And Jesse Agler will be doing it again? Well with Roxy. Jesse Agler is going to be broadcasting the Marla game tomorrow night. Well he's part of the broadcast already. What does he do? He chimes in with score updates and he does the pre-imposed game. Oh. Well, why wouldn't they just have Roxy do the whole game? I mean, not that I want to like pee on Jesse's parade. He may be okay or not. I don't know. Well, we're Dave and boring going to be nothing. It's in a word. I don't know. I'll have to tell you. Well, come on, Mr. Marlin and cider. Let's go. Ask me to fill in. I said yes. And that was that. Well, I'll be damned. Maybe Dave and somebody's taken into the pot. I mean, he's in a smoke some. I'm putting him in the water. Come with me. Already sounds like Albert Einstein had half a dozen girlfriends and told his wife they shower him with unwanted affection. A court letter is released this week that said, let on his extramarital affairs. How do you like that? I know the smart guy. Sure. Spark high school. If they can't. Well, listen, if you knew what he looked like. Oh, yeah. It gives him the player. The while here, Jewish German scientist, renowned for his theory of relativity, which means he likes to do his relatives. It's been a little time at home. He lectured in Europe and the USA, where he died in 1955, days of 1976. But Einstein wrote hundreds of letters to his family. Previously released letters suggested his marriage in 1903 to his first wife Maliva Merrick, mother of his two sons, was miserable. miserable bitch. They divorced in 1919. He soon married his cousin Elsa. But it was an awful lot of marrying me or your cousin. Yeah. It wasn't Eleanor Franklin Roosevelt's. I think second cousin. Not sure. What a ugly. Dike. My God. I would say she looked like a guy, but that would be an insult to guys. Thank you. Anyway, Albert Einstein cheated on his second cousin Elsa with a secretary, but he knew him. Probably came to Alfred E. In the new volume of letters released this week by Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Einstein described about six women with whom he spent time and from whom he received Gibbs while being married to Elsa. In the early 1980s, Elsa's daughter Margo gave almost 14 and letters to Hebrew University, which Einstein helped found. The Margo directed that the letters not everybody's publicly until 20 years after her death. She died July 8, 1986, which means some of the women identified by Einstein included Estella, Ethel Tony, and his Russians spy lover, Margarita. I would just like to ask Courtney, she had a Russians spy lover. Others are referred to only by initials like M and L. It is true that M followed me to England and her chasing after me is getting out of control. He wrote a letter to Margo in 1931. Out of all the deems, I'm in fact attached only to Mrs. L, who is absolutely harmless and decent. Another post of Margo Einstein asked his step out of the pass on a little letter from Margo Rita to avoid providing curious eyes with tidbits. Barbara Wolford, Hebrew University's Albert Einstein, our concept of the persistent M was Berlin socialite Ethel McNouski, who was involved with Einstein in late 20s, early 30s, wrote thiscribed their relationship as an affair. I don't know what she disclosed the most about McNouski. I've been told that she was about 15 years younger than Einstein. And what's friendly with this step, daughter? You go, boy. There you go. So, I'm going to show you life is more than just being a bookworm. There's more worms than just in the book. That's right. I'm looking at the thing on this log here. Did we get that straight now with the Christian who seems to be having a little problem with his log? You know, the thing I talked to Chris about, I'll have to hurt anything. He's got that billboard thing in the net. One bizarre 15 seconds spot in the middle of the half hour. Does that spot actually exist? It does not show up during our show on the autolog. It just shows up in the log log. What do you mean by that? In the other words, the computer log go on the way actually to play the spots from. Yeah. It's not a part of that. That's what it does. So it doesn't play. Okay. During the break, let me go watch Serianic. Okay. This is Neil Rogers. This one is much sense of what he's in fact. 5. 16. 16. I'm my junior, honey. 10. Don't you carry this pair of gloves and things? 10. Don't you carry this pair? 10. So the key to this just a one. On the chest. So don't you carry this pair? If you don't wear two-phase OZ, then I'll see you in the real world. 10. 16. The creaks and history things. Don't you have to go to the�ine. 10. I'm dying on the hands. 12. 30. If I was 60, then we got George Rodriguez for one hour between one and two today. He's going to take a lot of your calls, man. Oh, yeah. Just dying one after another. He's rubbing his hand like a grandstop. We're so excited about listening to the Euro provocative thoughts and ideas and input and output. That's right. He worked nearly like during the non-summer time. If we took this pool, that was what I had in mind. And I hate this pool. We had like a zillion. Good idea. The one we did get there about early porn. That was a good one. In fact, that's got 21 votes. And Ronald Ray Wani Ray gun got 18. We had a whole zillion budget, but again, there's nobody around. So basically, all we get. If that's all we've got to do in your right hands. And then you'll get a book up. And I'll tell you finally, just, you know, just get struck rating. Go to somebody's house and go to the craft window. Do the world of public service. Don't tell me if that law changed the Eurogloattober. Don't tell me. US representative Canton Harris only heard about her playing all my gun. That's our source. That's what the Chinese are reporting. US representative Canton Harris's travel campaign to the US Senate lost yet another top-level staffer yesterday. Her office issued a statement confirming the departure of spokesman Chris Engrum. I wonder if he was kind of Danny Engrum. And we're Danny Engrum? We'll just run the rejoins. Wipe the shrieks. We're in the yard. Yeah. That's enough, Jimmy. I need to remember if Nourlter staffers could be reached late yesterday with plain why. Harris said by many to be feeling the pressure as her pull numbers sink like a rock. While Republican leaders turned their backs on her, they're running away from her life she's got a leprosy. As whether the departure of a number of high level staff members including Ed Rollins, a regular revolution architect, former campaign manager Jim Dorman and seasoned Florida political consultant Adam Goodman. These sorry, sort of Republican-speaking ones. Democratic-centered Bill Losson November her chances are slim and none. None and much, much, less than none. Thank goodness. That's Canton Harris to help Jim Bush fix the election for his brother in 2000. That's the same Canton Harris. Oh, how's Theresa LePore doing in Palm Beach? How's that pitch doing? Have it heard butter or a lie? No, what heard that? You asked something I haven't played that butterfly. This isn't a long time. No, no, you had butterflies are free. Are we going to say that they do like butterfly kisses? Should have probably played that on a five-day. That would have been a good idea. I didn't do a 10-salt played today. Speaking of people of God real in dilemmas as far as whether they're going to get lectured not. Anna Shelley, a mother of three from Utah, says that she's ready for a female president and she is sure that Senator's swirlery-wadding clinton has got what it takes. But Shelley and Democrat is not sure she could ever pull a lever for Hillary. For reservations are vague but almost acheable. This is the definitive line. Okay, we always call her the ice princess. Something about Clinton leaves her cold. Uh-huh. That's what Bubba used to say too. I want to see her as a human being. I can read a newspaper and see her agenda said Shelley 27, who has been to the tour in Iraq and is appreciative of Clinton's support of the military. I think she's a little hard, she said. She may be strong but at the same time if you're driven sometimes, your perceived is not having sympathy and perception is reality for most of us. It is a reality that Clinton's advisors are confronting as they seek to position the former First Lady for a possible 2008 presidential run. They expected any campaign would begin after this fall of election when Clinton Democrat is running for a second Senator from the UK shoe in. Never has a politician stepped onto a presidential stage before an audience of voters who already have so many strong and personal opinions about her or a mid-archimence that we've followed around the intangibles of personality and the ways people react to it as in. Like that. I was thinking you can't complain about her personality because you didn't have any. Sure she does. Now we're green because of the bitch viability. But Clinton's assets are formidable and unrivaled ability to generate publicity and money and approval ratings that are notably strong given her polarizing reputation at the controversy she is weathered over 15 years in the national I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I. and recent public opinions in Polish-Ehandly-Leaves potential Democratic rivals, which I think is quite a commentary on her potential rivals more than this about her. The need these positives, however, there is evidence of unease about her personal history about her demeanor and motives among the very Democratic independent voters she would need to win the presidency. A recent Washington Post and ABC Newsful highlighted the paradox. 54% of those responding view her favorably and a significant majority of her high marks for leadership 68% strong-fandered value 65% and being open in front of 58%. At the same time only 37% Democrats in the fall say they would definitely vote for her for her only 37% Democrats say they would definitely vote if she were running. A Gallup pool from last summer also highlighted a perception that she's too divisive with 53% of her response and say they don't view her as someone who would unite the country and not divide it. Thought of interviews with skeptical Democrats and independence who participated in the post A.E. Newsful suggested ABC Newsful suggested many of you were here as an inscrutable public figure of your time-arsphere ability and intellect, but who nonetheless gives them pause because they fight a difficult to relate to her on a personal level, the ice princess. She has the warmth of the polar ice cap, or at least what it used to. The reason I'm not able to say I'm strongly supportive of her is because this is just vibes. She does not project the sense of what is inside of her like her husband. It's in San Hac 59. A self-discrab liberal Democrat from San Luis. Others said they see a persona too calibrated. Erzats, phony, fake. There's no question she's competent and very intelligent, but people want to see authentic human beings since she's very overly managed herself said, Peter Brooks 68% of English at the University of Virginia, leveled Democrat who has an unfavorable view of Hillary. Are you like that? Still supportive say the powerful scrutiny means that she faces means that far more than the typical politician she has little room for public error or spontaneity since even casual comments, often draw a national headlines. Of course this didn't even go into her wishy-washy or rack, you know, I'll let her back for the war. And the fact that she voted for it, and she still, but it would be all over the place. She's still here those same sounds. That we heard in 2004. Demi Roe, the former Mrs. Michael Jackson, who the pop singer claiming is failed to pay her what he promised when the two divorce in 1999. I'm sure you're keeping close track on Demi Roe, Auburn Hath to start to develop. In the lawsuit filed July 3rd, Nell A Superior Court, Roe seeks an immediate payment of 195 grand for attorney fees and $50,000 in living expenses so she can continue for assuming her child custody case against him. The next court case, hearing on the matter, slated July 26th, marked that down in your calendars, there were big news that day. She sold those children fair and square. He's got the re-roared. Roe is the mother of Jackson's two children, Prince Michael Joseph Jackson nine, and Paris Michael Kathrin Jackson eight. She gave up her parental rights of the children in 2001 for some serious cash, of course, but actually judge to reinstate them in 2003 after she learned of Jackson's arrest in Chameleon, Stations charges. Roe does sign at least he's consistent, okay, for the right price to go away. You can have the kids that'll go away. Roe says in the lawsuit that Jackson's stop making news promised payments to her and October 2003, maybe OGL make the payments. Jackson agreed when they divorced to pay his S5 for $1,000 a year for the first years after they split, and 750 grand annually for six more years, were also received a house in Beverly Hills at a 1998-4 to explore. That baby's getting pretty old now. She agreed to visit her children only once in 45 days. Jackson maintained ownership of his never-land ranch in two adjacent properties in Santa Barbara, California, otherwise in an international and commercial property. He's plus a fleet of vehicles that include two fire trucks, three vintage rural choices, four tractors, and nine golf carts, and the cartridge in a pair of turf. I like that. Poor baby. He's over there in Bahrain, but all him ride heads. All done. She might have had perverts over there. You know, we'd easy if a thousand votes on a poll today if Eric wouldn't have been, you know, persona non-reachable. But that's okay. I just, in the future, I'm just going to fax in that poll like every five minutes. Oh, we're going to end up making a difference because like you said, he's got an honest computer. He doesn't have a regular e-book or the tax machine. It doesn't ring a bell. Well, screw him. Texting. 670 A votes on a poll. Some thing, place or a person that seemed better years later than it really was. I hate this poll 118, 17.3% of the long kids. You're right. You're right about that. Well, the most demanded is the most dramatic effect on an increase in the пуreca du Well, the most anticipated results. Yeah. But it's going to be the number of prizes on this policy. It's the, it's the misfit vote delereverism. It's all that's left. Yeah. Early sex experience is 85, high school 74, my home Town $48, it was a lame. It was okay, not great. Early TV $44, most of it sucked. The $837 top 40 radio $30. You know, when I think of it, I think of the top 40 radio. W'd be Shee. Noooo. the 70s has got about thirty men. The 60s, 26, college 26. Yeah, it was not much. New York 23, early porn twenty two man were they ugly and Harry. Yes, Reems. Ronnie Reagan twenty. Restaurants that are closed now, but boy, they sure we think they were great. Then every week not fifteen. Hitchcock will be fourteen like rear window, slow and ponderous. The 50s thirteen, which ties kind of right in with that. Detroit ten and Harry Truman was still only six. Could have put FDR on there, but then only the real, real old, you know. Plus what was wrong with him? I don't know. We said the fact that it was a virulent anti-Semite and racist. What was wrong with him, you know, and kind of fitting with the times. 1241, 19 till one, we got the George Rodriguez one to two hours today. Four, are you lucky? I, yeah, I feel blessed. And then we got guilty too. Are we blessed on here, guys? Twenty blessed. He went to Champaign, champ. We got, what's his name is the new dolphin quarterback? What's his name? Are we here? Oh, well, Dante called pepper. Vanti calls pepper and joy, Harry, too, man. Joy, Harry, that I hear is almost as dangerous as joy rentals. You know, sometimes it's the things you can't see that are bad for you. Especially in your carpets. In south Florida for twenty eight years, rock concepts is the best in the world of taking your carpets, dry tinning and making them look and feel and smell and be just like brand new. I mean, like really sanitary. I've used him for over twenty one long, amazing years. I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else. When you drag clean your carpets, you really can clean today and entertain the night. When you call dry concepts, it goes your carpets stay cleaner longer, no sticky residue left behind and they dry in just a couple of hours. With over fifty thousand satisfied customers, you've got a lot of happy company out there. And don't forget, dry concepts are also keep this in mind, altering her pain season. The experts in water damage restoration. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just a minute, if not base. And dry concepts can get your home, we've been in stride within twenty four to seventy two hours. It's guaranteed. And to top off all of these. All of these things, dry concepts also has a standard of re-ember, clean and plant. The only one on all of South Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area, your rugs looking just like brand new. So near self a big a humongous favor, they'll never let you down, called dry concepts today, tool free and date, browner to the palm beaches. Don't forget to give your written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work. Call 1-800-248-5071. It's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, log on to dryconcepts.com. This is Neal Ruggler, what's all this? Is 5-16-2-8-10. Howard David's a bitch! Hi, I'm Parse Eali Fujini Craig with some great news. Jenny Craig is just in part just like last week. Oh, thank God, I'm so good. I'm out of battery. I'm out of battery. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's the office. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm gonna go, come on, come on, come on. Next time, come on. Holy, what they'd say about her. Oh, that's a real cow. 14 to one at five, 60. But I'm just getting closer to your big hour coming up. Oh, I can't wait. Man, those calls are gonna be pouring in by the ones. Taking a paper clip and turning it into a house sounds like a cheesy magic trick, or a phony instance of resourcefulness on the 1980s TV show, McGyver. But there's one reason that the 80s weren't as good as we remember McGyver. I do remember it. Never what. And of course, then it was the 80s music, which there wasn't any. Kyle McDonald, however, has pulled it off. When you were go, the 20-c-year-old blogger from Montreal, no less, set out to barter one red paper clip for something, and that thing for something else over to over again, in other words, you kept trading it. So finally, he had a house. Yes. You saw this story? I did. Yesterday, the quest ended as envisioned. McDonald became the proud owner of a three-bedroom, a 1100 square foot home provided by the town of Kippling, Saskatchewan. McDonald's girlfriend Dominique DePuy, expect him to move their ineroys September. Dominique DePuy. This is such a cool community project. It feels right McDonald said, and now that I think about it, I can't believe that there's another small town didn't think of it. It will literally put them on the map. What's the name of the town again? Kippling says, Skatchewan. I wonder what red you'd want to thought about that. I wonder what red you'd want to thought about those explosions in Mumbai yesterday. I don't think I mentioned this on the year. I talked to you about it before to show today, but this business about the New York subways on increased alert and they're talking about the cashmerey, lunatic terrorists are the ones responsible for those things. But what does that happen to when the Yorker or anything in the US say? Here's another excuse to raise the panic flag. Get everybody all whipped up. Oh my God! We have to vote for the Republicans to think he's safe. Anyway, what's in it for the town? The answer requires a quick one-time recap featuring a manager. We are friendly folks, radio talk show host and aging celebrities all bond together by the internet. It began when McDonald and aspiring writer do our off jobs in a apartment, whether advertised in the barter section of the Craigslist website that he wanted something bigger or better for one red paper clip. He treated for a fish shaped pen and posted on Craigslist again and again. Rolling Canada and the US seems to change the pen for a ceramic knob. He in turn, extends in for a camping stove, a generator, a beer keg and Bud-Wiser sign, a snowmobile, a trip to the Canadian Rockies, a supply truck and a recording contract. Next in April he got himself really close obtaining a year's rent in the Phoenix. His adventure became an internet blockbuster. He became the Canadian Japanese TV in good morning America. He made dozens of local radio appearances. One of which in LA was heard by a man who ended up as a pivotal figure. That a man is Corbin Bernson. You may remember him for his roles in LA law major league. Remember him? I do. I don't. Hi, Pipposini is generating my sheen at his Calma Donald. Bernson contacted him to see he was writing and directing a movie. And would offer a pain-speaking role as an item available for trade. McDonald was thrilled, but he feared the integrity of his journey would be compromised if he accepted the role without trading Bernson something he could really use. Say what you might have made your league three, but Bernson is dumb enough he doesn't need to free apartment in Phoenix. So McDonald kept Bernson's off for office blood, but proud to head with an item finding something that Bernson would legitimately want. Seemingly disregarding good economic sense, McDonald traded the years rent for an afternoon with Rocker Alice Cooper. McDonald's response Alice Cooper is a gold mine of awesomeness and fun. Then in a move that really confuses his blood readers, McDonald bartered time with Cooper for a snow globe depicting the band kiss. Reenter Corbin Bernson. You see, since today's when he get free stuff on promotional tours for LA Law, Bernson is a nice collection of 6,500 snow globes. One off, they look sort of goofy Bernson said, put them all together and they sort of look like pop art. So McDonald he berns in the kiss model and encourages his blood readers to send the actor even more globes and exchange for autograph pictures. All of this delight to the elders in Kipling, a town of 1140, believed to be named in honor of author-run U Kipling. Like many world towns, Kipling is eager to stay off the pearls of dwindling population by tracking new businesses to resume and above all attention. When the locals of elephant contract coordinator, Bert Roe, Tritobot McDonald's Odyssey, he suggested that the next town's will be newly kippling lure him. Quickly, the town purchased an unoccupied rental house on Main Street and offered it to McDonald. Roe just won't disclose the price because McDonald's does he doesn't want to know. But Roe said it was well under the growing rate in Kipling, which is about $50,000 Canadian 45 US. A. The town also puts the footage right-rad paper clip on a highway rest stop and hold an American idle style competition for the movie rule. Participants will have to make a donation of the town's parks department and a fruit and a charity. When McDonald agreed last week, I was holding back tears. I was so bloody happy Roe said it's going to be such a great project for our community. This isn't the guy that's getting the house. That was the guy in says, guys, you want in Kipling. I say, for instance, says that if the right person emerges in the town and show he'd be willing to cast him or her as a lead. Maybe a career is going to get started. Maybe it's going to be huge. Maybe that's the magic of Kyle McDonald doesn't expect to live in Kipling forever. But he says, I'll make it his home, at least for all the settles down to write a book. Of course, even if the house came free, I have the usual homeowner headaches. Taxes utilities upkeep, which have come as no surprise, the McDonald is worried. I'll figure something out. He said, I can get a job. There are three groceries in town. And it sounds like he's well qualified. I like that. He's going to be a banker. He's going to be a carpet bag in it. And Kipling says, scant your money. On his, your buddy, Arlan Spector. It's the balance of fighting terrorism. And there's a Mrs. Limbaugh on there. She's probably popping a few. It's probably pretty embarrassed that come to find out her husband had to pick up all him Viagra from 100 different doctors. I'm sure she knew all about it. She probably is well aware of his short coming. Yeah, I know. And then the thought, the thought leaves you really nauseous. Why don't you just gag and puke for hours? 722 votes on the pool. Something place or person that seemed better years later than it really was. Goes to show every time we come up with a full idea that we like that. We think it's really good. It's like, oh, we don't like that. We don't want to play that game. And that right? Absolutely. Did you say that's what I said? I hate this pool still leads 124 or 17.6% They're just doing that to frost my ass. And I asked me if I cared. You think I really cared all I couldn't care less. If I tried very, very, I'd rather watch Syrian again 10 more times than I worry about this pool. And I'd rather croak than see it again. If it like 10 seconds of it, if you missed the earlier part of the show, all you folks out there say a lot of time and a lot of cash. Okay? How much is the customer going to move you a 24-hour somewhere? I'll ask someone to do it for you. Let's say. And you certainly don't want to spend like the 25 or 30 bucks in my cross. But turn the blind and DVD. Save yourself as a piece of crap, okay? Only the most pseudo of the Syrian lectures would give you a high marks on that piece of Ture. It is convoluted. It goes all over the place. We have no idea who the characters are. It's garbage. And it doesn't tell us anything. I mean nothing that we don't already know. But nevertheless, anyway, I hate this pool 124 figures. Early sex experience is 87. Ture was shot with a handsome. High school 76, 599. Now what's your hometown? Like where I was born or where I was raised because my face was around here, south Florida, redlands. The redlands? Sure. Guess why the apartment was born in California. Right, but I was raised here. What about Brandon? Well, it's just two years. Like first two years of the high school. Oh, well, well, well, good place to get away from. My hometown 49. Rochester, like I said, is it? Yeah. I remember the days when I used to talk about Rochester and Don and Bavs and all of a sudden. You know, and that's a classic example. People reminisce about how great is any go back there. And you want to tell them to ever come back to this crap hole for you know, especially now that the complexion of the city has changed so dramatically. Do I mean by that? What do you mean? I'm not saying. Okay. I home town 49. Early TV 45. Most of which was really very, very weak. Although, you know, it was live. It was more creative. What do I say when I make about kind of stuff? But I mean, there was some good stuff. I work there. The valenture. Huh? The sit Caesar. Right. Red skeleton. God bless. The 80s 38. Top 40 radio 35. I think it's top. Yeah. Well, that thing is great. Top 40 radio 35 JFK 34. I'll tell you one thing. Top had JFK. Look what we got now. The 70 31, the 50, the 60s 28. College 26. It could have been a lot better. Spurs maybe. Maybe it would have been better if I went to class. You think I doubt it though. I think that was the only good move I made. Rick and that. Myster Brown not going to class. College 26 early porn 24 man. It was schmutzie. Really schmutzie. And of course back in that day, you know, everything was really greeny and like, oh, not good. Right. New York 24. Ronald Reagan 23. Although who the hell ever thought he was any good. Restaurants that are not closed. They used to think though my god how I missed that place. And then if it was open now, he went back and ate. You'd probably say like they do when you were slavia. Fah. Restaurants that are closed 15. Hitchcock movies 14. So I won't send you any more Hitchcock movies. I can't find North by North West name. Right. The 50s 14 Detroit 10. And Pearl World Harry Truman. Only six. I think they like old Harry. Don't they? Who doesn't? You see the tie in there between those early porn movies and Truman? Very Harry. This is New Rogers. This is five 16. Oh, hey. George George 48. What do you just think? Fritz is there guy? He's on circumsize. George George 48. What do you just think? Don't give him those sh**. You're on with the boss like me. He's got a great deal for you. We're in the front of you. Set up wheels. Are you sure? If you got the balls to give about college, your answer. That he won't take care of. Then George 48. What do you think? He's sweet as he can be. You won't find those cheques. Don't give him those. What do you want? George George 48. What do you just think? I'm Christian Begood, your friendly NSA. You don't hear a lot of negative things about our agency, but I'm here to tell you about the good things we do. Like biting terrors. I ask you what better way to bite terrors than to make all of you suspects. How can you miss? Especially when we were ordered to stand down on the real ones. Since my dear leader gave us full access to your kicking accounts for all, just about anything except for their city bag money train and were used by the soldiers. We have brave news for those of you who have nothing to hide. Now you no longer have to worry about paying those bills that are coming to do. The NSA will pay them for you. Whether you have the funds or not. Overjoy. Overjoy. This service has already paid for by your tax dollars. And he wanted to teach out against it. We'll be designated al-Qaeda. Thank you for your silence and obedience. NSA. We know your life story. NSA. Bill. We know your life. Well, with all you we do know. God, hate starting to show it one o'clock. Man, this has never happened. I don't think. Not since you've been here, he used to do this kind of stuff all the time. Just for the whole Hank all the time. Yeah. Is that what we're calling it now? It's a Hankie. Pulling a hankie? Yeah. He's got a legitimate excuse this time, or at least he's saying he does. He used to just do this at the drop of the hat. Like, I got to go. I just want to go out and want to be here. And he'd take off. And how do you start at one? Like, we can't continue with what he was talking about. Because he's sewed it up all very nicely. No loose ends. Red that great story. Speaking of loose ends. Remember they're coming out with more of that kind of stuff. If you're into the conspiracy thing. The 911, the blah blah blah blah. And you know, it doesn't really matter. Because I don't have to take a position on whether or not they actually made it happen. They knew it was going to happen. That's enough for me. How's that? I don't need to go any further than that. When you see Fahrenheit 911 and you see the, There's the memo right there being handed to them. And they didn't do anything. It's because they knew that it was going to happen. And they really wanted it to happen. So I don't have to believe that they went and set their, with the Saudis at the table and, you know, with a chart and plan the whole thing out together. It's bad enough that they knew that something was happening and they set on their ass. And then of course, all that other stuff like, everybody stopped flying, however, got all the government officials stopped flying on the public airways and started taking these private charter flights, etc. Immediately and all the memos that were before it. So they knew something was up whether or not they had a hand in planning it or not. And you see all these videos of the Pentagon and one actually at the Pentagon who they held those. So you've got a lot of watching to do. We've already, this is where we left off. Good guys. You got all kinds of watching to do. Look, it's been raining lately. I know you're busy, man. You're working. But with the weather, the way that it is, you might as well just lock yourself into a nice air condition room, which I know you have and watch a whole bunch of things. Just get your supplies, pretend like it's the winter in Montana. Because that's what we would have to do. You did the shows how didn't want to go outside. There's nothing going on out there. So you would lock yourself in or the snow would do that for you. And you'd hopefully had a lot of videos. And by the way, you knew it was winter because you'd go to the video store. This is how you wind up watching a whole bunch of stuff that you normally would never. It's being in a place like that. And you go to the video store and everything's gone. There's like three videos left on the shelf. I guess what you do there, right? And that's it. Well, that's one of the two things that you do there in the winter. There's something else. And that's all part of it, too. That's all means to an end. I mean, you can't do that the whole while. There's you watch a little bit of movies before it. Yeah, it starts with a movie. It turns into that. It turns into that. And afterwards, you watch a little bit more movie while you're having a snack. And then you do that a little bit more. And then you watch some more movies. So get to girl, get the Russian girl over there. And do that. Pretend that it's winter in Alaska. You got to watch the the why we fight just to be knowledgeable. And I'm not going to make you watch out Fox. I'm going to make my wife watch that because she's the one that keeps putting it on Fox News. She puts it on Greta because she likes the lawyer talk courtroom drama and lawyer talking. And scream about it all the time. I was I'm watching. I'm just watching Greta's like, yeah, but you watch Greta and they run their promos. They do the little news flashes and and a Riley invariably is on there during every commercial break. Bobbing is head in my journal direction saying, Philosopher over and over again saying that he wants to loofim me with a philophil. Now that is something that's funny. You know how the daily show has bondages. Sometimes some of these other shows they'll make a point. And then this is how the story was represented on Fox News or something. Then they'll have all these clips and rapid succession over and over again. There's a whole bunch of those kinds of things in the movie out Fox. So maybe you should watch it just for that entertainment thing. Like they have Bill of Riley saying, I never tell I will only go in any year. They've only told us to shut up once and then cut to the montage. Shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up. To this person to that person over and over again. Very interesting. Maybe when you catch up a little bit. I'll get you that. But first you have to see why we fight and what was the fatso I've fatso. You don't have yet because I want to watch that again. And but you'll you'll like fatso and you'll like why we fight. And that's it. And I'm going to like this new Natalie Portman movie where she gets naked. Assuming that she's really naked. You can't trust that word anymore. We need a new word for nude or naked that actually means nude or naked. Because now they just throw that out there all the time. Britney Spears nude. This is a new movie. A new movie. You understand the other movie closer. I think it was where she plays a stripper. The story goes she did do a nude scene for that movie. But then she got cold feet and talked to director out of using it. Which means it's out there. Somebody's got it. And then they us. We do have those nude paparazzi. At least topless paparazzi pictures of her at the beach. You see those right? I don't think so. I'll come in here during the commercial break. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. I've got to go with the best in the world. So I'm looking forward to this kind of like new or taken by such a movie. I don't know where it's going to be called while we're dealing with old business. I do have the the story of our humanitarian effort yesterday that I can cover. Yeah. Let me know what happened. I'm a tool. That's what happened. By the way, I saw him on the news. Blind mic again on the news. Yes. How you doing Mike? We're going to keep you up to date on what's going on there. But the red crosses on the case. And he's going to be fine. Probably all those people are going to have to move from that building. But it's not like a right away kind of thing. But funny thing about that is that we're going up. We wound up going all the way down there. Me, Rolly and Alex the other promotions guy in the station. Then just to shut up a whole lot of dog food for his seeing eye dog. That's it. That's that's what we wound up. And I used to and I thought, all right. I said I was going to go down there and help you. I'll go down there and help you. You need to get a bag of dog food when you hear that somebody needs their dog food. You've got a paper bag in your mind, right? Rolled up at the top. You grab it with one hand and you go. Well, the big one. That's what you had in mind, right? Right? No, no. I'm trying to see if we have a tub in here approximately the size of the tub of dog food that he was talking about. Like a rubber made big ass rubber made big ass rubber made big ass rubber. Like the size of a coffin for a fat man. Okay. Like he buys it in bulk or it must be special or something like that. But obviously he couldn't negotiate a debt tub and the dog and the stairs all by himself. It took a couple of us, you know, one to help him and one to help the dog food. Oh, and the security guy that gave us the escort upstairs because they didn't want looters in the hotel. And I thought it's funny because as Mike was fumbling with his key to open the door, the security guy was really nice and shine the light on the keyhole. So did it help him out of this? I could see it. And then you're, yeah, yeah. It did it made it the operation go way faster. It's funny. I worked with Mike Bohan who was blind. You've heard me talk about him for years over NID. Great guy. And we would sit there and talk about all the funny things that people do around blind people like Yelp, for example. And he's always telling people, I'm blind, not deaf. Okay. And another one. Yeah. So I was making jokes. I was cracking really an Alex up because we're driving down South Beach and guess what? I was all around his hoties, right? Everywhere. Good God. It was a cloudy day. That didn't stop the hikes from walking around on South Beach. And so I'm going, Mike check her out. Over there, and he's flying along and Alex and Rollier just laughing. And so we're posing for some pictures because of course the promotions guys. They got to take some pictures to try to make a way bigger deal out of this than it is. You know the promotions guys. QAM with that guy that was on Channel 7. Oh yeah. So we're posing for some pictures. And just like I did with you when we pose for a picture. I did the rabbit ears behind your head. There was in a picture of my mom and a family group that I'm not doing the rabbit ears behind my mom's head. It's the thing that I do. I like to do rabbit ears. Oh you need that behind the picture that we took for. Right. Yeah. You and me. I did rabbit ears. I want to double put it up. So I have a, they're called rabbit ears. But I, I'm doing double horns. That's what I'm doing. I'm trying to get you looking like you have antenna or double horns behind your head. Okay. And so we're posing and I'm doing it with Mike. I'm putting the rabbit ears behind my head and my, my fist is right up against his head. And I'm saying to Mike, I'm doing rabbit ears on your head. Right. And we're all yucking it up in some guy. I don't know if you knew him or what some foreigner was walking by, cussed me out. Is that right? Oh yeah. Do a son of a be you to the mother. I don't know what country he was from. It wasn't an accent that I recognized Eastern block Scandinavian Soviet who they'll know is what accent the skinhead was sporting. Totally humorless ass who didn't have any idea what was going on. Thought that we were, you know, having fun at Mike's expense. Which it's not his business anyway. But I thought that was funny, cussing me out and I'm like, you get away from me. Forters suck. What is it with people from other countries? Mind your own business already. Except British guys who are coming to make more teenagers. Oh, I love those kind of guys and refugees like me. Say I can say foreigners suck because I get it. Forner. So I got to get this for two days. I've been trying to get lies lies lies by ministry. Mm-hmm. No luck. Someone is going to have to email it to me. Why is that song all precious? There's this video. I haven't seen that yet. But getting a lot of that. It was on YouTube, right? Right. I haven't bothered to go look. Maybe I'll go look during the break. But I want a recording. I don't want to have run into the same problem that I had when I downloaded or when I just recorded the audio of the Naurals Barkley performance on YouTube because I like that version better. What you're getting is just a mono, muddy, crappy that something that you would record after TV kind of thing. That's what it sounded like, which is why I'm begging Boca Brian to remix it the way that we like it. He says he's going to. He says he's working on it. That'll be a present for us one of these days. Thank you Boca and I'm listening. I'm in the process of listening to the rest of that disc. And so far, halfway through so far, nothing to talk about. I forgot I read a remake of violent, femme, the Gandhi Gandhi gone where it sounds almost identical. It's not different enough to even mention. So the original is still better. There's no reason. Because if you're going to make that better, the first thing that you got to do is take out the Xyla phones. What is it with people in Xyla phones? They're like, for comedy, Frank's rap. I love those Xyla phones. I got to use the Xyla phones. I can't stand them. And violent fans, they use a lot of Xyla phones. So if you're going to remake that song, phase one. Take those obnoxious sounding Xyla phones out of there. We place them with something a little bit more interesting. I just bit the hell out of my own. You're going to make it? No. Speaking of making it with the whole of our food. I don't know man. I'm going to pass out. I'm going to soon. 13 on 560. All starvation radio. WQAM. If you love the finer things in life, then you'll love Stowies. Miami's quintessential cigar shopping kindle. With soft-floor as largest selection of cigar, Stowies of Kindle, sure to have your favorites. Stowies has over a thousand open boxes of cigar to choose from including our Turro Fonte, Padro and Monique Chryster, Romion Giudietta, Ashton V.S. G.S. as well as the obscure and hard to find. Come into Stowies today into a smooth smoke in their wine lounge, featuring some of the finest boutique wines from around the world. Join Stowies every Friday for their famous wine tasting from 5 to 8 pm. This week featuring some of the most delicious burdo's France has to offer, including the Shetto Maldbat 2000, cloded with L2003 and lots more. Located at 116 12 North Kindle Drive and open every day, seven days a week. Or call for reserve a box of your favorite cigars at Stowies, call 305 598 9820. 305 598 9820. We sure say hello to Mario and the girls and we see where free cigar the day. This is the Neil Rotterstress. This is 560.стр gospels. 9 children home. Taken rust 880. 980 這十公sub 680. 975. 880. 680. 680 Tower 880.lieicht I am getting so hot. I'm going to take my clothes off. Nice little big dava. Ah, with a little bit dava. Not like a hang-out. Nice little big dava. With a little bit dava. All right, one 18. It was getting a little hot in here. The hotter we had some of that pizza. One 18 on 560 WQA. We got gold. The coming up at 2 o'clock today. Jim managed himself at 4 o'clock at 630. It's Marlins on deck. Marlins in the Astros at 705. Ed Caplin from Las Vegas. That's right, correct. Tell me that's food. We just got the collar over there. Ah man, it's not the food. What do you mean? Like when people call them middle of the show and say stuff that you can't understand. Who the hell was that? It was Roli. And then coming over here for some. Okay, maybe he's got the pictures that he wants to show us. I was oblivious. They were pointing that out to me. You noticed that guy. It was because he was not what he was saying. What channel are you on? I'm on channel 3. Channel 3. The TV fear factor? Oh, the bikini fear factor. Well, look at that. I'm not scared. I'm not afraid of that. Go ahead. Try and scare me. Like outfox. That'll scare you. Well, you know what? We want something going into this tank. It's not just going to be water. Oh yeah. Something that bites. I hope. Oh great dead mice. That's pretty gross. The PETA people ought to have a problem with that. Now, did those mice die of natural causes? Or were they killed for that occasion? I don't know. One of the things that I've always noticed about Fox News is not just Fox News, but a lot of these right-wing pundits and the way that they talk is they like to use this phrase and they really go into it on the movie outfox. Some people say that because after they make the point in the movie that this is not a news channel, it's a it's an opinion channel that has a message that they want to get out to you. This is one of the tools that they use. Instead of quoting a source, which can be refuted, they just make stuff up and then they say, well, some people say that or there are those who say or I've heard it said that blah blah blah. You follow? I know you're all three distracted by this woman chumpin on mice right now. I don't know who she is. Is this a celebrity bikini fear factor? I don't think so. And I like to crotch cam that they're doing. What are we going to get some more of those shooting the jets? Remember that balance? That even within the nets? Why didn't we think of that? Look at that view too. It's a good shot. Ron Line. Hey George. Oh, Ron number. No, no really. How are you? I'm good. Listen. Oh, I don't think the person who just like it no sooner than the words run out of the lies lies lies was right there in my email. Absolutely. Think about bone hand. Two things about bone hand is great. Number one is nobody has a better ear to the ground on radio and the right note of the laser surgery. You've got some<|zh|> happening right now. No one has entered ear period. I used to try to fake him out by disguising my voice. Can't do it. No, you can't do it. He doesn't write through it. And the other thing and the other thing, a couple of four years ago, it would be about three years ago now. He was probably talking about the new big screen TV he bought. I mean, he just got loves TV. Right. Right. He watches more shows than I do. Sure. Right. You know that all about them. He does. He was a pit. In my dream world, he would be the call screener for my radio show. And a lot of chicks. See with those married a lot of chicks love Mike. Yes indeed. Don't know what it is. See ya. All right. Take it easy. Yeah. Can I talk to Neil? No. Okay. No. QMLO. All right. QMLO. No. Hey. That's not an African storm. Let's see if my blind guy is right. Okay. Sure. I'm going to medical equipment industry. And I got a patient, right? Okay. Put him grab arms in his house. He took the motor off his scooter and put a new one on his scooter. I mean, you know, things that are like what we mean you and look at say, oh man, this is a pain to me. Yeah. And I guess it's got a lot of credit because. Right. No. There's something to be said about resourcefulness. Yeah. It's just, it's not going to make my way to know that. You know, you know, really really really smarter or able to do things that even the average person can't go. So. Okay. All right. Take it easy. Because they got some powers like, as a matter of fact, speaking of like, the morning, you know, got a lot of free trial. Okay. Then it's your birthday, where olds have a whole lot of money, Okay. And that's because I, sort of like, you know, honey and you know, I get a glass of water coming underbell for myself. And I speak to go, okay. I'll know I'm going to bring stuff out with them. I think about this. The Bergensner. So, company People Down you. Tell me. As you know. He's going to give you a V�smanel. Your own luxury for us. Are you going? You know your money. and shake and a cup at my window who have no excuse. Here's a guy showing up to work. And we have no problem with me and a couple other guys that would braille everything up the board, everything I'd braille on it. It's like anything that would normally be labeled and if you things that weren't would have braille. Some of my CDs still have braille on them for when I lent them to them. But see, you know how people will talk about people that are outside of your shop? Yeah, because like you'll be in a room and a lot of people are in the room talking like the party scene or over here. You know, people in the cafeteria, people are talking, other people are talking. Nobody leaves dropping because you're busy engaged in the conversation. Well, Mike could hear all the conversations. So he could hear all that crap that Roger was saying about him behind his back, thinking that we were out of a year's shot. But there's no such thing as the out of year's shot when you're talking about Mike. How you doing out there, Mike? Send me an email one of these days. We used to party. QMHello. Hi, Dan. QMHello. I do want to people. Hello. How are you doing? Turn them ready. Well, thank you. Huh? That's what I was going. How's it going, man? Hey, how are you seeing the movie? Highway. Highway. Yeah, we got it little and they're gay, gullin' that, brought back to... No, you're dark though. Really good movie, man. You gotta take it out. Okay. You're high, well. Tony's like, what else? One movie. Highway. Highway. I'll put it on the list. All right, man. Josh is googling it now so that we can get something about it. QMHello. QM. QM. Hello? Yeah. It's the deal, Roger. This is the Neil Roger show, but Neil left and he did it without a word. Without any warning, he just left and we have to kind of kill this last hour. Oh, I see. I don't want to confuse you or anything like that. I wasn't my idea. You know how lazy Neil is. I mean, he's incredibly lazy, slacker. And he just sees you as his tired at one o'clock. I listen to you guys on the internet or from California. So, which particular part of California? I'm in San Diego. I see. I hear good things about San Diego. Yeah, it's a beautiful city. In fact, I used to live in South Florida. I'm sorry. And I listen there and then I got tired of the people there so I moved to California. I'm tired of the people here, but I'm still stuck here. Yeah, well, California is better weather in the summer. It's not as hot and not as muggy, no bugs, not the old people and the people have manners and their Curtis. I remember people like that when I lived in the Northwest but it's been a long time. Yeah, yeah. I've encountered the courteous people. Yeah, you don't have that in South Florida. Tell them to go back to Long Island where they came from. Okay. Hey, everybody from here, go back to there wherever you came from. By the way, something, the red cross lady that was helping Mike out yesterday, hot piece. She was a lady. She could help us with all kinds of dilemmas. Is that right? I want to help her. I don't know what kind of problems she might have in her life. But I'm here to help her. Red cross. Okay, like perfect. She was wearing the red cross shirt with the little thing on the name of like Angel of Mercy is right. Can I get into trouble so you can help me? Just cradle my head gently and comfort me. She was really, really, really something and nice. Try to dislike this woman. Beautiful and she's a red cross angel of Mercy. They're to help disadvantaged people. My heart was just beating out of my chest. It's like, oh, you know, the cartoon, the little hearts when they pop, you know, hearts come flowing out of your eyes and pop it above your head. That's what I was doing. I hope it wasn't too obvious. I hope my tongue wasn't hanging out too long and drooling all over the place. That, in fact, I was, I was drooling more than the dog. Hey, Mike, beautiful dog. Give it a bath. Well, yeah, 127 on 5 to 60. You know it. Oh, geez. I mean, I know Mike's resourceful guy. He can run a father's. Go ahead. Q amp. We're lightning quiz speeds, latest features and security. Comcast high speed, internet leaves, DSL in the dust. Call today and get the best offer to the year at Comcast high speed. They're net for only 24.95 a month for you for six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8 mega premium speed tier free with an always on connection speed of up to 8 mega bits a second. Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL-15 and up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Dial up is like having more than more blikers, man. It's like I have an Model T4. With your downloading music watching streaming video playing online games is simply surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet just like Peter Pan. Plus, when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you'll get instant access to free free choose like video mail. Comcast radio rapsity plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be name in a few. Only that puts you also get free macophysicuity tools including to conress to sure that you're in an experience as always safe and secure. And annual savings over 100 bucks to the security alone. So what you're waiting for start doing more faster than ever before, sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 a month for six months. In date call three or five Comcast and in nine five four Comcast call today for details certain restrictions apply. This is real Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. I must be high thinking my life. It's so important to you because my good mind. I think it's so sure. I. If the hardest job to do my. If I don't want to head to the sky. Good. I'm a sluggish. There is public side. Some people cannot be. I've got to do bad minds. But you can do me just get in line. And I have no pride. Oh. Even though I believe it's crazy. We're on a mess inside. If you show me camera's baby. All three of them fly. You can make a million dollars without a work to do. When I think that we just follow. You will get a ball back. They do. I have no other way. One thirty three five sixty double. Q I can pick three本. The top five three five sixreens. The top five six five sixes. The top three five six. The bottom five six sixes from the top five sixes. Well those now start. Okay. Are you on the right in the middle eight eight. How many? So three five six three five sixy every five six six six six seven, six six six. somebody will pop on to Oprah or one of these other interview shows talking about the outrage of female circumcision going on over there. They've really got some issues and then there's the people that believe that if you have sex with the virgin and ulteriorates, remember that rumor I said, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's not a fact. It's important to do it twice. That's extra important. Apparently, and this is going on in Cameroon and other neighboring countries in West Africa, I'm going to paraphrase, I'm not going to bother reading it. They believe that when the young girls start developing breasts, that's bad thing. It marks the beginning of their potential sexual activity. That's the rational going here. So what you do is you hold the girl down and you get a hot rock, right? And you mash it up against the breast one after another to to keep the breasts from growing. Okay? Sound like terrorists. It sounds awful. It sounds terrible and they are interviewing one of the mothers and they're saying, hey, why are you doing this? And the mother says, oh, because my mom did it to me. Oh, perfect. Ain't that a good reason? So I this notion of tradition where I hear people that, oh, that's tradition, it's tradition tradition sucks. If you do something because of tradition, you're an idiot. How about have a good reason for doing the things that you do? Isn't that a revolutionary concept? Don't do anything unless there's a good reason for it or unless it's fun. Last time I checked, well, I don't know. I don't know anybody that would get that charge off of ironing women's breasts, but I'm sure they're out there. Yeah, they're all they're getting to you, you know, and somebody is somebody you've facts to this and look very nice one-page facts thrown away five batches of faxes three to five pages each with stories that were meant for Neil that he already had. And is an interested. Didn't we already talk about this? The procedure for faxing stories to Neil here. He brings it up. Here's how you, if you want, if you have a news story and you think Neil might be interested, here's what you do. You print it up. You walk over to the fax machine. You fold the paper in half. You fold it in half again. You fold it in half again until it's, you know, a long thin strip and then you shove it up your ass. That's how you facts a story to Neil. We could do this all day. Printed out the fax, walk to the bathroom, wipe your ass with it and flush it. Print the fax up, walk over to the nearest window, put the fax in your pocket and jump out. That's what you do if you want a fax story to Neil. How does that? Just to avoid the confusion. He's it's either something stupid that he doesn't care about or something he's already gotten. I really like this tall red headed tattooed woman over here. Oh, I'm on on the fear of Patreon. I'm curious. Oh, Adrian Curry. She's a nut. You know, they finally do get married. She's a nut and he's a nut for marrying her because he's already had her and then some. Every witch away. He's got a pretty good resume for chick. He's got an, yeah, Christopher Knight. Well, he had an advantage. Not that we can't give him some credit where it's due because he's an old man and he's kept himself in shape and he's got all of his hair. It's it. But he's played. But yeah, he played that Brady thing out for all that was worth and he's still playing it. Not that we wouldn't. You hear a lot of these child stars and they're all stigmatized. But then they'll make you want to pute. And then you stand like this. My child was taken away from me. I want to beat them in the face. Well, let me take your adulthood away from you too. Did you get food? Then shut up. How's that? I'll be like Bill O'Reilly shut up. I don't want to hear anybody who. Unless unless you were starved or beaten as a child, I don't want to hear your your soft story. Because there are people that didn't have food and didn't have the ability to walk safely from one under their house to the other. I'll get beaten. Q. I'm hello. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I want to talk to George. You're talking to George now. Okay. Why would we make you? Let me take you off my speaker phone. Would you please? Yeah. But I want to just give you a compliment. I should. Could you mail it to me instead? Okay. Q. I'm hello. Hello. Hello. Do that mean it on me? That's exactly what it means. That's amazing. No foreplay. Just like my bedroom. Don't you just love it. Hey. When I can get it. Yeah. Do you know the right? Huh? I last time I heard from him he was coughing up blood. So I hope he is. Well, I will pray for him now. Okay. Yes. Sacrifice a chicken to Chango. Look forward to you. Show tomorrow. All right. Thank you. Thanks. That was nothing. Q. I am hello. Right. I'm. Q. I am hello. Come in for you, Ron. Hey. What's the fact? I'm going to take you fishing. Q. I am hello. Q. I am hello. Hey. What? Hey. Listen. I see every letter. Uh-huh. There is got to be. Did you? You really want to get everybody going. Yeah. I think you really want to get everybody going. Look, you cannot have a rational conversation about this issue. You know what? I'm just going to. You said gone through for having to nerve to lay facts out. Just facts. No opinion. Just facts. Oh, there he goes. Oh, God. The food's here. Oh my. I've never been happy. Wow. You hear that voice in my life. Because I'm fun to pass out. 20 till 2 on all starvation radio. I already used that one. Did not. On all shore. I'm hungry. Radio 560 Q. A. M. Hey. Did you get a good night sleep last night? We're tossing and turning all night because your mattress is lacking or a small camp one. Well, it's time to step up to a new queen or king size bed from our good friends at dialometres. When you call 1 800 mattress, you choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king size beds ready for same day delivery. You choose the date and time and age to our window that's convenient for you when you want them to show up. Seven days a week between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. you picked the window like noon to two, one to three, etcetera, and they show up. That'll mattress carries the complete line of sealee, surdissim and king corals turns in fostered their everyday low prices in deep stock, make your shopping a finesse debris. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll speak with next verbetti consultant listens to your needs and will suggest a style and tremolo with perfect. These folks know bedding inside and out because it's the only thing they sell. Just about all the folks at QA, more stinking like a baby on a dialometrist bed and you ought to be doing the same. So if the old mattress is had it, pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress or check them on the wickettwebettmactrist.com. Dilemactrist 1 800 mA TTRES leave off the last S4 savings. This is a meal rottership. This is 5 16 18 A. I said I thought I said I would close the place I'm doing. But to these needs they're all that seem that they have to do. Well, the major sign ran away. What about the ingredients? The new leaflets. Nobody's in charge. They're all fleeting garbage. Nobody for clothes needs are weak. All I need is a leaf. Losing isn't always easy. Especially if you're only given the old leaves. What if with one phone call, you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board. Get the job. Get the job with me on the Cadillac board. It's not too good to be true. It's the Glenn Gary Leads. The leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them. Not the ones on the blue cards you're used to trying to close on. Do you hear me? You've fired it? No matter what kind of property you're trying to close on. Glenn Gary has the leads you need. These are the new leads. And you don't fit them. Unless you call now 1 800 Glenn Gary Leads. They're for closures. That's 1 800 get to work. That's 1 800. Have you made your decision for Christ? Call Glenn Gary Leads now. And you'll receive 6,000 dollars. And 1 Cadillac. That's 1 800. Close. All right. I'm distracted. Lucy Lopez is in here. They're butternetals. Very distracting. I know. I'm not gonna shut up. Have you gone baby? Looking good? Thank you for the pizza. You're welcome. We're here for you. Where you're supposed to go? Where you're fooling your tools. I know she smells good. She looks such and smells good. And I've hugged her. So I know she feels good. And in the shower, you don't want to know what we do in the shower. Every morning, baby. You're my rinse cycle. Bye. Have a nice day on Power 96. She's a pip. She's a sweetheart. She is. She's on like she starts a two. Yeah, two to six. We don't have to like compete. No. We don't have to compete again her. You can start enjoying her show right after this one's over. Unless of course you want to talk to Goldie. Listen to that. We've got all kinds of options over here with your VBGI broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast group incorporated. You could listen to Goldie today because today could be the only day you stay after just because of eating. That's right. I got some serious eating to catch up on right after the show. Keyway, I'm crazy person line. Can you please tell me? Keyway, I'm hello. Keyway, I'm hello. It's good to hear you guys. Hey George, what do you think about Power 96? What's Power 96? What do you think about those? Are you a Ukraine call? No, no, no. Power 96. What do you think about Power 96? Slow down. Paddy is what? What it is? Juanitas. Juanitas, you come on. Being Cuban, you don't know what it is. Sorry. You understand that I was kidnapped by Redneck and they deprogrammed all the Cuban in this out of me. Oh man. I'm pretend that I just came down here for the first time and I don't even know what Grave is. So what's the point? Thanks. Yeah, actually I told you it was a kind of power and you know. Keyway, I'm hello. Keyway, hello. Hello. Yeah, I'm trying to find out who's pitching Sunday's game for the Astros and the Marlins. I'll tell you who's catching. Keyway, I'm hello. Hello. Hi, George. Hi. George, I know you have a lot of female listeners. Sorry, go ahead. I couldn't believe I heard a vagi-silve commercial. On our, on our radio? Yes. Hey. And Andy White, too. I was so hoping that it was a joke. Let me tell you something. The vagi-silve, that seems a little strange, but handy wipes are a man's best friend. You can carry him in your purse. And in your glove compartment, anywhere. Where are you? Whatever rocks you're about. You listen, men need handy wipes. Twice as much as anyone else. But why vagi-silve? Is that Joyce's idea, I guess? Listen, it's a network spot. Here's the darn funny answer. Okay. Well, they have no idea what radio station they're buying spots for. Yeah, true. I heard the tail end of a very happy flight attendant. Do you remember that bit? The box and the weed plate? Yeah, you carry two liquor-dale flight attendant, but we have two more breaks the sound for just the one. This one. Okay. Anyway, very long bit. It's very tempting. Oh, is it? I could get a lot of pizza down during that four minutes. Yeah, it's four minutes long. All right. Did that ever answer you requesting it? Yeah, it's a day that say the words. Say you want it. I want it here. You want it? How about the bed? Yeah. Okay. That's what it says. Okay. That's a good one. I got a bit. You know, Neil's got this this poll. And early sex experiences is in the lead really when you take out. I hate this poll. What I'm not going to do that anymore? Screw you people. All right. Hard. Bened over. Early sex experiences. Are you kidding? Those are my favorite kind for a couple reasons. Number one, I was having some. My life is so I all I can do is remember them. The early sex experiences. Those are the only ones I was having. And the other thing that was good about it, besides, you know, your sex partners were all young and firm. Right. Is everyone was equally bad. You know how I like I am. So it did not bad and bad now. I like I really, I'm just unhorrible. But when you're a teenager, everyone is nobody the marathon man. Nobody knows that you don't and the girls got nothing to compare it to either. It was like 30 seconds. Wow. That was incredible. That was the most exciting 45 seconds of this weekend. I was just with Bill the other day. You only lasted 20. So at least I didn't have a bad reputation in those days. Talking about early sexual experiences. But back when I used to have some, back in my teenage years and early 20s when I used to have sexual experiences. Now it's just, I'm just a sperm donor. That's it. If the wife wants to get pregnant again, she gets me drunk and I'm always suspect when she comes at me with beer or any kind of alcohol. Hey honey, don't you want to have a great today? I don't want any more children. Get that away from me. 11 so too. On all pregnancy radio, 560 WQAM. I don't hear any. Good morning ladies. Welcome aboard. This is a section eight. It's like, but you're buying a square wave. Please check your ticket at this time to make sure you're on board the right-air prayer. As you have taken your seat today, we would like you to pay attention up here to the front for me. I'm your headhouse this Sherlockian liquor high-udder. Also assist me in the cabin today. It's Jamaica's and neither the queen of Anita and Miss Ron. And we don't know where sexual orientation is. But what are you in the hand? What are you in the hand? What are you in the hand? What are you in the hand? What are you in the hand? It's a good thing. So that gliders on a McDonald burying, M.D.F.I.T. I'm going to hear a prayer for you to say, step-up day quiz the G.S.H.N.E.N.E. It's winter, and it's in the eight problem on the aircraft today. I've a captain, he is Reverend Cleo, this is Jefferson. Who is also a pastor of McAdamia, Jubilation, congregation. And he is assisted today by Deacon World COVID. And we want to welcome him into the spirit of the Lord. There's a gentleman in have come to have a attention that we have a celebrity home today flight. Let's give an up and put your hands together for the complex, the multi-attellence of Miss Latoya Jackson, who is lying, birth class, with us today. I would like to point out that regulations to require that all the arms being secure, let's go for the duration of the flight today to know all of them. Based on general information, cabin crew is pleased to serve you. Do not hesitate to ask for assistance. However, the students do not appreciate people up feeling up on their legs. In the event of a change of altitude of oxygen, max will drop in front of your face. Please actually talk to remain seated in our times and apply their next after you have applied your own max. We exit this time that you will not still think of an avocado, but it is not yet paid plan. Listen, gentlemen, if you look to the back of the aircraft, you are noticing is a restaurant for your convenience located in the back and one up here in the front. But the one in the front is for first class only, thank you. Please note that the blue water will not dissolve in airweigh. But if you are older in the bedroom and not know this we got some old people up in here today, how you are doing. We activate your patients discretion and do not attempt to flesh it as close but underbark. On the bonus airways, if you choose to smoke dead as the course your business and the airline do not be responsible if the white folks on the ground find out about it. The smoke detectives in the restaurant have been disconnected for your convenience, but we still act as close and on smoke was over in the end. I will fly time today is whenever we get down we get down. And just to have please be seated and excuse me to this lady down here in Roper TV. Okay, I have to ask you to remove your hand as if my late FBFA regulations. Okay. One final reminder today, I will aircraft this night in church. The combination of looking out to is not this famous getting me happy. And I want to announce that also we do not allow any loud talking up in here. We appreciate you flying with us today and we exit you sit back and fast. You see men you know how to do that. I am going to tell you if you are there the English you need to get off the plane. We hope you enjoy your flight today. I sit down and shut up and here we go. I have not been just enough time to get some of this pizza down. Thank you. Thank you Tracy from New Orleans. You notice that flight has had it to New Orleans. I just remember that's who sent me that. Thank you Tracy. She's on there. She's on our space. My space. Your space. My face. Actually I was going to make a loose, loosey low-peasant but she's not in here right now so it would be kind of wasted. I had something to do with my face and a place. I got a good guess. And we can talk about that while we're on the air. Since she's a coworker, if we were to say any of these things with the microphone off that would count as sexual harassment. But as long as the microphone is on, hey, I'm just doing a show. I'm just finding about where I want to put things like my town. So here's a list that I don't necessarily believe to kill the last two and a half minutes. To top 10 list of unintentionally worst company URLs. Okay, I don't believe some of them. But some of them look quite funny. A site called Who represents? You can check these out. No, I'm good. If you don't believe me, Who represents? So you might want to take your crayon and write some of these down because I'm going to tell you what the URL comes out as. Poor presents. See, that turns into horror presents. That's number one. Expert six change. When you take all this faces out, expert sex change. I see. Get it. Things like that. Penn Island. You write it out. I already know. You're doing these in your head. Great. I wish I could do math like that. Therapist finder for people who like Ron who might want a therapist. But I had you can get a scratch piece of paper out. The rapist. Get it? Get it? Are Italian power generator company? Power genitalia.com. Power genitalia. Get it? All right. I don't know why I'm asking you to get it. Speedofart.com. Speedofart. I'd play a sound effect. But George, how are you? Yeah. That's good. And on and on it goes. You can check some of those up. I don't know why. I just hit you can say that two minutes. Speedofart? Speedofart? Speedofart? Yeah. Speedofart. No, it was the sound effect that I'd get in trouble for playing. Oh, this is true. I'm all distracted because the food. Thinking about this Lucy what more pizza that you want to do that you want. Like some of this salad. Maybe we should order dessert. Lesson ticer with food. That always works. Well, not necessarily always food. Alcohol drugs. Oh, by the way, Joe, how dry I am. Joe sent me facts that I said that I sound the dry. Okay. Yeah. I could use a drink. Me too. Actually, I sure could. QAM hello. Why am I taking calls? We're so late. What time do you have a network? You want to see now? Okay. Now it's maybe we should go. We'll go these up next to manage it for Marlins on deck at 630 Marlins in the Astro 705. Ed Catlin from Las Vegas after the game.