30 years on Wednesday, you know nothing is tuned. Love it's 30 years? No. Nothing's changed. 30 years ago you would have predicted you'd be doing your show from Toronto every day. Business business still sucks. Sales department still sucks. I sound a little bit bitter because Todd Drec was in it this morning. Oh, okay. I'm like different ways can I say the same word to him? No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No matter which voice he said it, I'll just go away Todd, do not come back anymore anymore. Well he watches everything. And that Beth, oh my god, there's a special place in hell for you, honey. She sang baguess on a Friday. Well I wouldn't wish on Hitler what she did to my show. I wouldn't wish it on Osama Yamama. I wouldn't wish it on Bush. I've actually seen a lot. Would you wish it on Mo? No. Wow. No. Hmm. She's evil. That whole sentence. I see the way these things are really changing big time now. Remember what I told you? The faces change but the uh, yep. Gains days the same. Well there was a nice story about you today and uh... I know. And now why you told me that there wasn't like I don't have it here. But Jesus, you people are like it a lot. I just thought it was a nice story. Before you were awake this morning, I thought that story. Yeah. Kevin back to the nice job. If you talk or for lady that came by, she was a little bit annoying, but she was all right. You only took about 300. I would have added one thing to that story. What's that? I would have gotten a little bit into when you went through your, what I would call your broadcast metamorphosis when you went from doing. Because you were a different show when you were at that's correct. And I was a boring show kid when the people over the age of 100. I was a babysitter for old farts and then I decided this is, if it's boring to me, what must it be to anybody in the age of 100 out there? What is ponderous guests? So if nothing worse to me than I know you don't agree with this, but guests to me are like a two-note. But depends. Sometimes you get the... They sucky with one. Guest remind me of the sales department, man. They suck. All those boring. And then most of them by the way are dead now, you know? Maddole no hair. She was always good for a laugh. She was really cut up. Can we rock flat? Oh yeah. He's dead. He's dead. And you might know why he's dead because he didn't go to the doctor. He's a good guy though. No, I'm not interested in my nutrition, when nutrition, quite guests to each day have on the care-prepacted guy. All those old, I mean, I guess it served a purpose because I got from point eight to point B, you know what I'm saying? It was like a Gary Conduitt, like from first base to third base. See, when I read a story that's in a supplement like that, I would like to know a little bit of why, not just what. Yeah. And it's just basically, I mean, Kevin did a good job with what he had, but it's just a lick and a shmere, you know? How do you cover 30 years of a show with, you know, 200 words or whatever he wrote? Yeah, well. And the picture of me sitting there with his radio property. It was kind of a cute idea, but that picture, man. Wow. Looks like Marlene the Dietrich in that picture. Yeah. Don't you think? I don't know about that. Or who was it that said, I want to be alone. Was that her? Was that the other one? Uh, credit garb. Credit garb was same different. Yeah, it was my credit garb on that picture, but that pose on that old radio. That's an equal radio. You do want to be alone. You're not big on crowds. No, I'm absolutely not. If I went, it's credit it would buy. Man, I run a hell out. I can't stand all those smelly old nasty people standing over your shoulder. Steering it your machine, man. Oh, man. So, it's 2008, that's it. What does that mean? That's in the story. Yeah. I'll let you know in 2007. Ha ha ha. When the offer comes along. There's already an offer. I'm not thinking about that. I'm not going to work until I croak on the ear. I don't know about you, but that's not my idea of how I want to go. Ah, that's not what I want. They're like, like, uh, Bob Barker, for example. He's losing it. He's just, uh, I saw, I was down there for three days, by the way, through the worst days of my life. We're worried about it. We're worried about it. I hate it more. I mean, that's a one thing Kevin Baxter wrote that I, I, I want to thank him for writing that. South Florida, me is like hell. Why don't we do here? I was there last weekend. Ah, Saturday, Sunday and Monday. What'd you do? Sattin'y, watch TV and eight. Oh, did my, uh, tax stuff and a few other things I had to take care of. But basically I sat there in eight, any, any, any, any, any. And I came the ice cream and I came the candy. It's the same old neurotic repetition every time I come home. It's the same, but it's like, you know. Through all I want to commit suicide or not, yeah. I, I will guarantee you this. If I, if I, if I did not have this deal up here, I'd have been did a long time. I'd have been, you know, that, that guy that's calling all the time. I'll say to when I'm planning on dying. And Chris, I can give him my funeral. He already would have been there. He would have already written about it. In fact, the article by Kevin Baxter would have been an open, not a, whatever it was. That I find out it was in a business section. Yeah. Well, who now reads the business section? Business people. Yeah. What about people that are listening to radio? Nobody saw it. And the business section they put this thing. What does this guy do with business? Maybe a little monkey business. That's okay. People who buy advertising. Yeah. Well, you think RCL department's going to sell him spots? Oh, brother. You must really have had a good weekend because you got a great sense of humor this morning. I did have a good weekend. What a laugh that is, man. Wow. What a panic. So you just came down here for three days. That's how you spent your vacation? No, then I was back here. What do you mean how I spent my vacation? What would it mean? Maybe you go to Europe or some place. I don't. I'm cutting back on those trips. I'm going to be old, man. I can't let traveling. Oh, God. It's the, I don't care if you're older young. The old traveling is the same for everybody. Well, it's a hassle. I'm not our play-about. Or, and then when I came back to flight from Fort Lottodale, which I'm using Lottodale instead of mine because I thought it'd be a big improvement. Fort Lottodale is the wheelchair express man. No matter what flight you're on, there's like a half of it as a wheelchair. They got a truck on their first. And then there are like two other people waiting to go to Montreal for a flight that was two hours later. Sitting there with wheelchairs. God, you can always tell when you're in Broward County when the average age is deaf-class. I'm going to say him in Dave County. No, no, no. I told him. You're telling me Dave County is his oldest Broward County? There's so many wheelchairs. I'll tell you that. On the flights? Yes, not on the I've gone. Maybe one or two. There were five wheelchairs lined up before they started boarding the plane. Five. Yep. That's a chemical now. It is? Yes. Jesus. Man. There was, where did I go from? Oh, yeah. I came back, I went out. I came back from Las Vegas to Miami. And getting on the flight, there were five wheelchairs coming on from Las Vegas to here. Now maybe those people just, you know, you know, why so much? I've seen it. I see it fairly often. But you go into a casino anywhere. And there are people. They're like in their 90s. And they've got, they not only have the Walker or they're in the wheelchair, but they also have like the oxyentank. Yeah. Can we ever see that? Yes. And I'm thinking to myself, I don't know how to describe that. No words that they try to like squeeze the last bits of enjoyment or they just that compulsive. It reminds me of the people who are compulsive smokers. It's like the story about the guy who was running to make the first race at the back of the truck and he's getting off the train and he's climbed, runs up to stairs. And has the big one. And as he's following, he hands the guy next to him. Twenty dollars and spit the six. Yeah. That's like compulsive smokers. You're liking our dying from empathy more lung cancer and other deathbed. They've got a whole cut in their throw in their one pipe so they can smoke through the pipe. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. Yeah. That's true. Exactly. That is really something. But we're all hooked on something. You know what I mean? Yep. Sugar when of course then the people sneak out to sugar when they stick in front of your face. Area of all can yourself. Come on. Come on. Let's see how much you can eat. Let's see if we can get that blood sugar up to about 700. So I had I just raced out of that place man. I don't know how many it's wrong. I will hear. Let me tell you right now. I will never ever spend three days in South Florida. The longest I will ever come back for is a day. Well yeah, probably be better off to fly or count them up there. No, but I have to come back to do your taxes. Why so I don't have to come back there. I have to go back to the states like you're being so often. Oh, to maintain your relic. Right. Right. Well, you just can't come here and stay here forever. You can stay 180 days, which is pretty lenient. That's six months. So, what's I know how many it at once? What you do? Niagara Falls. Yeah. That's true. Niagara Falls on the US side. They got the Indian's have a nice casino on the US side. You do that anyway. Well, no, I don't go on the US side. Wow. Are we going to go through this again? Oh, no. I can't take it. First time recon out the Humphrey's losing it. I don't go to the casino on the American side. I don't cross customs when they've got the beautiful falls. You can see the one Niagara Falls on material. I keep trying to explain that to you. You've been hanging out too much with Dick Stockton, man. That's your problem. Yeah. I'm guarantee you. Because he reminds me too much of Mo. He's nothing like him. I'm just talking about his the sound. You know, that New York, Julie Sound, that Mo and Dick Stockton. You'll well say that same sound is same rosin. Would you know same because it has the Ranger Games? Yeah, I know same. He just wrote about a few years. What are you saying? He's got it. But anyway, he's good. But he's got that same. You know the sound I'm talking about. Yeah, I do. Real New York, Julie Sound, that's I, I know. Marv and Marv will be Steve Libby sounds like that too. Pretends to do hockey games. Well, by the way, Steve Libby, we're saying that's what I wanted to talk to you about. You're lying to me about table Brian. What's that? Oh, I started to think about this when I was home. It is like 16 different versions of ESPN. I'll see you but on there on ESPN ABC for a long time back when it was only one. So it means something. Yeah. But now you say, Oh, but he's on ESPN. Is this just a suggested that means somebody's got talent. Everybody's on ESPN. Even even the Christina Moron was on ESPN. So that doesn't mean anything. But Dave does. He's boring man. He's bland. He's just a voice. He's got no personality. He's got no nothing. He's just a voice. He's there number two baseball guy. So what does that mean? I mean, there ain't a lot of good baseball guys around, which is true. On speaking of baseball, I can say is, Oh, right. Well, those marlins. They're back again. There is a 1250 Marlin exhibitionist baseball. We're going. What do you mean we're going? We're all going up to the game. Yeah. Who's we? You were the beast? Me and the beast? Coat? Grieper? Yeah. Oh, Grieper is gone. I'll probably cancel the game. Sorry. We're just going on like a class trip. You know, we're going to go to a ball game together and fun. Oh, are you going to bond with Robert Creeper? Are you guys out getting this with you? So what, I enjoy going to a well-spring training baseball game. I do. Good. I'm happy for you. Just that they out in a sun? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Chris here to still look in their wounds about team Canada. I was so happy to see that man. I had nearly sexual excitement to watch them get beaten at last game. Oh, man. It was beautiful. Oh, you were the guy who watched it. Now, you think they weren't watching here? This whole country was like on pins and needles. And others, they're stabby each other with needles. Nice going Wayne. Old needle nose. It's not bad enough that he and Janica had the bad gambling problem. That's not bad enough. But then he picks all these old tools, all in slow, old and slow. And the other, the European team just gave his circles around him. How about the US team? And wasn't it? Yeah. They also took big time on the head nobody. And wasn't it nice to see all these guys like Hasherkin, Matias, old and all these very important players get injured over there. So that they're NHL teams are going to have to suffer now. That same thing's going to happen in that baseball tournament. Already talking about Vancouver in 2010 will be back. These people never were in their lesson. Gary Vettman, you're the anti-Christ. You and Beth and Todd Drek. Oh, God. Yokean and this coming back is exhausted. And by the way, he and come back to the Panthers. I saw that. Yeah. You're the next time you see your buddy Alan Cohen at the race track. Tell him that the 400 real, valuable Panther fans. We want to thank him for destroying the team now. Because we'll, along the way, come back. And either is Yokean and Yokean is going to Ottawa. It's almost a done deal already. Yeah, so. So does this business of running the franchise on the team and making up all these phony statistics attendance numbers? Yeah, it's it's below me. It's not going to make any money for anybody. Oh, he's all he's interested in is pairing down to payroll as much as possible. Try to like salvage making a few bucks. And then there's got to bail out of this thing. You're not fooling anybody. Alan. It's like picking up the paper every day and reading a spring training story. I don't read the story. I see the headline. And every day it's a guy I never heard of. Yeah. And I mean, I follow baseball somewhat. Yeah. And yet on every day, there's a feature about a guy I don't know. Today's some 32 year old guy who's from this area who's open to catch on. You know, yesterday is about some guy who's I don't know any of these players. No. So we'll learn a little bit Thursday when we go on our trip. They said, said, thanks. Good bad facts. The sad facts. From Hannah Friedman looked in. I don't know if you ever knew Fern Friedman. No. WDKT. She back then was one of the young interns there at the station. A very nice young lady. And we got to be friendly. We were out to eat several times. And I just got the facts this morning. Do you know, just saw your two-page friend and a Harold business Monday. Congratulations on your huge success. And no, Fern would be thrilled for you. See as soon as I read that sentence. That's not a good set. I thought you'd be interested in know that he passed away September 10, 2002. It was very hard for us to miss it with all our hard. Hannah Friedman looked in. Sorry, Hannah. My, my, somebody that will hold family. She was a sweetheart. She was so nice. And I guess that's the thing about getting old to be like us. A couple old Jews like we are is that, you know, he gets to read the obits of all the people that you knew will work with. I remember. I was in the shower this morning. I was thinking about the long list of all the people I work with. Oh, it's just, it's gotten to the point now. Just too long to go on about. My father used to say when I would happen, they're starting to call up our class. Is that it? That's what he's, he oh, and somebody we knew would pass away. And you could not remember the class called up. There's something going on in that place in the South Lord. I know what it is. Something really nasty going on there. You know, a lot of nasty things going on down here. No, but I'm just saying you go to the airport and you look at the people and you think, who are these people and where are they going and what are they all about it? Maybe I'm just out of touch like Tom Zickle would say you're good. But if I'd away thanks Tom, I know you're right. Of very glowing 20th and 25th anniversary story in the a son's channel. I don't think the son sent all figures that, uh, but it's an important number. So I don't think they're going to be right nothing. Nice going Tom. He's busy writing us some puff piece on some TV show. It'll be canceled in three weeks. Nice going Tommy. And by the way, bet the six horse in the eighth race. You idiot. I would have had arriving into parting flights all the long beach airport security watch. I say, let's put the Arabs in charge of that too. What do you say? That's another thing that's changed. I'm just going to tell you one thing. Listen to me very carefully. The bushes and the Arabs are in bed together. It's all I.L. and M.L. and M.L. Anyway, you know that Dubai's got eight million eight billion dollar investment in the Carlisle group. Yeah, I do. You know that Neil Bush, the president's brother that scam program that he's got for the public schools for the testing system, which his brother, of course, adopted in Florida, that the was funded by the United Arab Emirates. Did you know that? Everything is funded. The same UAE that gave a hundred million dollars to the Katrina relief fund two weeks before the secret Ports deal was signed behind closed doors. I just mentioned these things in passing. You know, that's why that banned our Bush from Saudi Arabia. It's all abortions and the Bin Laden's man, the Saudis. And the Dubai's. But then again, it got that great racing in Dubai. So you probably like it. Listen, we're already like past the first break. So have a great day. Yes, you too. Nice to hear you. Don't forget David Cohen. I'm a Gary Cohen. Welcome back. And Marty Cohen. See you tomorrow. And Alan Cohen. There you go. Hey. People are ice holes. There you go. Big whistle from her quand, drinking jetty cream. This fouls with the court is crispy. But when they've got this go, I have funded by the sun. And he shot his body, Harry. All right. Now he's got a heartache. Because all his mistakes, as it was the worst day of his life. Have a bit of day to choose if you're a little bit too shy. Can't wait to see John McRethon. And when the same mistake of death, Was his error, it's it was only free. And there's less fouls that failed his friend. And almost failed his error. Back home. When did Scott and God be shown, I'd be behind trees on your chest for a look like it or far. It's just seems that it's for you, please. Thanks to the show. Okay. So my how long ago did you get that episode happened? Was it two weeks there, boss? Okay. They're about. And he was plastered. I'm sure. And you got that story by them. They all were Doug Thompson, capital, a little blue, which I'm going to read it today. Anybody missed it on our website. He was drunk as a skunk. I don't know. You didn't have to be a genius. I see through my head. I talked about it. They still walled and gilled next day. Another secret service confiscated the files of blood from a... Right. And here was like two weeks ago, and nobody's ever gone real the truth of that. And all these religion is down there. Well, it is written. And Moses said this, and Jesus said then, all this crap thousands of years ago, that everybody made up all these bubble-lices, and people are killing each other because of it. Police search for a passenger-wrestled past security along with California at the airport, arriving at the parting place have been halted. Save. Save. Save. They keep that in mind, okay? So that's all about. As long as the Arabs are in charge, we'll be safe. 10, 17, I'll ready. My God, it's almost time for the second break. Hey, nice job, by the way, Troy Stratford. I'm going to tell you I am so relieved to see these fabulous changes in our sales department. It is just... Hey, dry concepts has been doing it for me for over 21 years. My homes clean and my carpets, in fact, are going to become pretty soon again, because they're pretty schmussy. Somebody had their brother bring their dog to my house and the mess of my carpeting. Anyway, take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount on all of dry concepts services, including the one of a kind carpet cleaning that I've been raven about for all these years. And leather, drapey, or animal ruckling, too. Dry concepts also specialize in pet odor treatments, ceramic tile and ground cleaning. Macris cleaning the cigarette by those nasty pesky dust mites and lots more. And during February, which is almost over now, Dry concepts has a special offer on a poultry cleaning for you. Don't replace that furniture just because it's soil. The dry concepts rejuvenate that furniture at a fraction of the replacement of a repulsed room cost. And don't forget, all of Dry concepts, like nissons, are especially trained and certified to provide you with the best possible service. And they give you a written guaranteed price upfront. No BS, no tack on to the NSA. Oh, sorry, it's going to cost you a lot more. No chance, no mold than they told you upfront. So don't be fooled by the imitators. You made a big investment when you decorated your home now. It's time to protect it. So called dry concepts today, toll free and datebrouder on the palm beaches. And be sure to tell that ancient Neil, for the recall, 1-800-248-5071. It's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, log on to dryconcets.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-6-1-2-8-60. Tales people are ISIL. The president laid Tuesday's striking back at his critics, both Democrats and Republicans, which are the administration is dropping its guard by allowing an Arab company to manage six major USC forms. This is the wing of President Xi. He's spot by thumb when he's in. He's a part of the system. What's the same with the U.S.A.T. Controlling our porties, breathing our stun pieces. And I'd rather have a control in America's courts. Every choice that he made, toll free and formal games. I think it's in the terrible city to friends around the world. It's okay. It's a company from one country to another. A country that's placed by the rules, and started good trackers for record from another part of the world. It can't be in the state of the state of the state. It's interesting how much doesn't recognize Israel. Therefore, we don't have to administer them. Right. You have better elections, the Palestinians, so that we might be outcome. The Iranians don't recognize Israel. That makes them pretty bad. And of course, so they came to build a bomb as a result. We're going to get really bad pissed off. And bomb them into the Stone Age. We say, don't have four to go. But the United Arab Emirates also doesn't recognize Israel, but there are good friends. Right. What? What you got to see? Hmm. Just remember folks. Next time you have a wild bottom diarrhea. Next time you got like bad indigestion. Uh-huh. Next time you got pounding migraine headache. All of these things. And any of them, whatever it is. Next time you get a hang nail. Anything bad happens to this member is probably because of the BB people. Bush and Bandar Bush. Bush and Arabs. Are you, do you mean Persians? The Arabs. The mess of a Tamiya. What a mess they have made man. Just unbelievable. Don't speak in the land violence killed another 29 people. Yes. They're including three American soldiers and mortifier rumble through the heart of Baghdad after sundown, despite stringent security measures imposed after an explosive sectarian violence. It's called Civil War. Able can be proud. A band on driving in Baghdad and the suburbs have prevent major attacks during daylight sunday. But after nightfall, explosions thundered throughout the city as mortar shells slammed in way she eyed quarter and southwestern Baghdad. Telling 16 people that only 53 mole. Murder fire also had a she had area and the capitals east side telling three people they're entering six mole. But who's counting you know? Like up to about 2,300 American soldiers dead. But who's keeping track? Right. Let's just smear and smear anybody. It says the wrong thing. By the way, saw some movies over that vacation time. The place in the crowd that the guy was raving about how it's so much better than network in the Adiadia. No, it's not nearly as good as network, but it was okay. And he griffed it was very good. And Patricia Neal. I almost watched it over the weekend. I would watch it for you. It's a black and white and it's. Which that does not automatically make it bad. But there's just something about it that it's just over the top. It's a very accurate place. The planes that are all way over the top. You must remember there's a chicken cannot. That's the taste. Yeah. Right. But yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Face the crowd was good. And it was the Messianic self important lunatic. In this case was anti-grip. It was doing a much different role for him. Although yeah, it was good. And I also saw crash, which was great. Not good. It is great. It's not twice already. I want to thank the 80,000 people I called and recommended crash. And you sent me that the pristine copy of it. Oh, right. And it's a fine, fine flick. Yes it was. And so many great things in the movie, the best of which is the thing that most important Messages that there are a lot of really ugly stereotypes. Most of them are true. Right. And they had the balls to say that. That's right. Yeah. And there's a really great cast. Matt Dylan was very good in there. Yes. And Tom Sheetle the fifth beetle. He was very good. Which he was the fifth beetle. I had been promoting that. Yeah. And my guy Ryan Philippe. I'm Felicia. And you like the man who wasn't 12 in the morning. He was like this. But he was he got too close to James. No, I didn't even know that he could talk normal. I was so excited to hear you look. He was right in that. Yeah, here you got a problem in there. And your microphone. And Lou de Chris was very good. Right. That was funny. Lou de Chris was hysterical. He was always the deal. Yeah. Anyway, I got just all kinds of stuff here. So just take your time. Thanks again to Kevin Baxter, also the lady photographer came up. He worked around and stopped and I was speaking of people dying. She's just gone nuts and they're in the Gavin and. And then the teeny was drunk when he shot his buddy Harry and it's just a Harry world is what it is. And the good part of it is that sales people are still what they always were before. The terminal still open but the boarding route. All right. Let's take a just a second if you would please share and. You need to take off running. What happened? Yes. He actually took off running. And so then maybe he had to. You ever seen the spot that guy who's always he's got a going problem. He's going and going. You're going. You know that's right. That's right. Maybe this guy had like a going problem. This is Neil Rodriguez. Oh, this is 5.62. I don't work in. What? I got a good idea. How you mixed Mr. Cash. Okay. You know the prize closet? Yeah. I got a good idea. How you mix and real good cash on the side. What do you think? No comment. Oh. So in other words, you got a bad deal. I thought that this was all getting to eat. Another bad deal. I'm still waiting. You know, I'm. Oh, in other words, you're still in limit. Everything's been pending this whole time. Oh, yeah. Well, that's because we got this. Look, I don't want to start off on a sour note because George had a wonderful lunch with a new general manager Joe Bell. And Norma can't have a wonderful meeting with Joe Bell and email being how great it went and Joseph's a great guy. And I've had a couple of conversations with Joe on the phone. He seems like a really great guy. But you know something in the meantime, nothing is changing. A lot of underwear is changing, but nothing is changing. And everything is like in limbo and we're waiting for this one to finish doing a limbo rock and the T room. And I just, you know, on the sales of the sale to part of just an absolute disaster. But disaster. And the new guy in starting until next Monday I understand. Well, by the time he comes in, like putting a piece of the Titanic together. Oh, and I was never going to mention this on the show. He doesn't even got to mention this on the air, but since you got me started laying Josh for George. Okay, so all week long because I never listen when I'm when you're doing a show and I'm not on. I mean, you know, if that's going to be involved. You know, I have full confidence that everything is going along just fine. I do check the polls. I vote on the air. I say, another one of these crappy polls. I actually had a couple of good polls on there for change. And, and then I'll like to check a couple of stories on there. You might have on. I apologize, but I was Saturday there was only five stories and I put two of mine here. Which I don't want to hear the whole of regular moral about how that happened. That's okay. I'm glad I got to stir about Joe Klein and F.M. What a what a jackass Joe Klein. A little does has got absolutely ballistic. I like I told you he got religion about two weeks ago, Friday. And all of a sudden this guy that was time to reposition ass. And he, I don't know what that'll happen to him. Like somebody shot him in a bucket that he was a cannon. Maybe it was a chainy. But just written bush on his era above with a poor steel in the night after night. The whole day seven hours. It's great. Now, but I mean, just obsessed. And so, anyway, he's got Joe Klein on there that the Wim from Time magazine, that make believe liberal from Time magazine. And Joe Klein is a two other guys who are going, including Ed Rollins of Republican who's going on about this nightmare with his poor steel. It's going to just destroy the Republicans. And Joe Klein is going, oh, they can't cancel a deal. It's going to look so bad there. What's it going to do to our image on the Arab street? He was hyperventilated about what the Arab street. I say, let's take your Jewish ass and stick your ass on the Arab street. Like you, Joe. How do you like that? I'll hold the camcorder. They won't be throwing a stale humankind just because poorman's coming up. They throw them a little harder than that. They'll be throwing iraques at your ass. God, what an idiot he is. Joe Klein, so we got that great story about the from raw story about F. Joe Klein. It was good. Anyway, hard facts, it says. So anyway, Sam has forgot about it. I won't. So I come in here at noon. I had a real good morning for a change of wood vine Friday morning, which is very unusual. And I come out in a really good mood. I come in here to look up some movie or something because I was at A1 out in But movies. And it's noon. And I haven't listened all week long. I open up the pot. This is my luck. But in the end, see if I wouldn't open it up, you wouldn't know. It never told me about it. No way. No, it told me about it. Especially your program director who doesn't listen anyway, because no the sports show. He's an idiot. But, and I open up the pot. There's George and the bit is ending whatever you were playing. And all of a sudden I hear well we have a guest here with this lovely British accent. I think into myself and talking about some kind of booze, whatever the hell is. And I'm thinking to myself, oh no. This can't be some saleshold conjured and selling out the show because they're trying to try to close on a count. Talk about horroring the show. And there's sure enough I find out if it's morning that's what I want. I'm listening to that for about two minutes. I heard Suds on thank God, which may be if you're a little bit better. With all me, not play me. I heard a said, oh, show up. Yeah. It's my fault. Yes, don't do that. We just don't ever do that under any circumstances when we get that desperate. We have to start putting guests on a pedal some product to horror. You know, we'll have that desk register to place down. That's my suggestion. Just shut it down. And from what I'm understanding based on technical concerns, I was doing a pretty good job of it. I'd say, oh, we're getting right. I went off without a hitch every other day. I think we had some, the phone didn't work. Just doesn't work. Oh, what else? See, well, I kind of totally. Joe Bell may be the greatest guy who ever came down the pike. He seems like an awfully good guy would really good intentions. But you still got the same incompetent people in every department. The engineer, he ought to know that from kiss. These guys, he couldn't like, gloop two pieces of equipment together. A bandage. By the way, how's my switches for the boardcoming clearance? Now that my vacation is over, how's that big project coming? Clarence? Then I've never heard one more word about. And then you got the sales hold, which it speaks for itself. I still think I had the best idea for Josh. You want to make some bucks. I bet you have you going to grace old orifice. Is he finally got all the stuff out there or not? It seems to be pretty barren in there. Really? It's still the most boxy of the crap. Maybe over the weekend, some people went in there. Got some of that little O.J. autographs and the footballs and baseballs and whatever other balls were laying around and graced this. And maybe auction them off somewhere. Make some good money that way. What do you think, guys? On eBay? Sorry, I was watching Spanish. Yeah, I think you were. But you were. Maybe the best of the best of the best people off on eBay. All the way, we wouldn't get too much for them. Wow. Oh, don't let me forget tomorrow morning. Something interesting about somebody. Twenty five. Twenty five. Right now. It has to do with eBay. That deal. Hard facts isn't so. Thank you for the past 30 years. I've turned him in. I'm entertaining way to listeners and software to driving from a counter to a countering my business day has been both humorous and a great learning experience for all of us. Oh, I'm learning too, Hark. We know that we can always count on you for not a opinion about news people and products. You helped to get us to and George is always happy to, especially if it's booze and you can get, you know, that's right. Get some in here for free and everybody makes drinks all over on the air. Uh huh. You help us to think in way you choose for both us and our families and proving that knowledge is a good thing. So keep reading and trying to keep our eyes open to make us question reactive politics and fortices. Your opinions are always welcome to my home. Thanks again, Hark. Thank you. And happy for a by way. Don't eat too many home and talk. A no-to-to-we're a new kind of heart. If you'd like to make something soft and fancy, copy it to only please, we'll do that. The only thing that I've ever met. The only thing that I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met. I've ever met.ヒllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllll mögring to your home. You wish I could pastry! You wish I would pastry! Nobody please my darling, N judgment like everyheart, You wint my Hand, No, no, I just think that you're giving me No, there's too much stress, I'm not being able to No, I just think that you're giving me, I just think that you're giving me You're giving me, I just think that you're giving me That boy says before I forget it because I got so many fish to fry This is an extra, what's this website? Okay, that's dot com, okay. This is just a little short excerpt from the Lou Dobbs show on CNN on Friday I never dreamed I'd be quoting anything from Lou Dobbs Wow, I always been had his head so far, our bushes asked There was come out of his earlobes All of a sudden he got religion, I saw on Lou better late than ever You idiot, you fat faced the egotist Doves, president Bush and family and members of the Bush administration have long standing business connections with the United Arab Emirates And those connections are raising new concerns and questions tonight In some quarters about why the president is defying his very own Party leadership and his party in defending the Dubai Port deal Christine Roman's The oil rich United Arab Emirates is a major investor in the Carlisle group The private equity investment firm or president Bush's father One served the senior advisor and is a who's who a former high level government officials First last year Dubai International capital a government backed by our firm Invested in an eight billion dollar Carlisle fund Another family connection the president's brother Neil Bush has reportedly received funding for His educational software company from the UAE investors, the call to his company was not returned Then there's the cabinet connection Treasury Secretary John Snow chairman of railroad company CSS After he left the company for the White House CSS sold its international port operations Two Dubai ports were for more than a billion dollars In fact, in front, his notable report is he had no knowledge of the CSS sale I learned that this transaction probably the same way members of the Senate did By reading about it in the newspaper as he said Another administration connection, president Bush chose a Dubai ports roll executive They had the US maritime administration David Sandborn who's brother Chase along with him Made a great coffee Chase and Stanborn member that David Sandborn the former director of Dubai ports European and Latin American operations he was just last month to lead the agency that overseas US port operations Not to mention the hundred million dollars that the UAE government sent to the hurricane Katrina relief fund just to waste before they closed the deal on this of this port steal I just mentioned that in passing too, got a little bit of the bush and a bandar bush should have been a lot of this man If they're all in business together, they're all in the same pot All is crooks in the middle east man the Arab crux the Israeli crux all of them and the glam too Okay, here's George is pool from Friday Well, I took almost an hour to get around with this. I got a lot of fish to fry here man. You'll be smelling it I do mmm I think I think what you're smelling is a result of Josh tummy that his deal still is like in limbo and he's being strong along again That's the famous tactic from the beeslies keep stringing you long and his every week goes by and every month goes by That's a given you see, well, I'm sure you do see I do yeah do runs with getting screwed It's really pretty sad, but things are going to change now because we got a new new leader at the home and the beeslies all of a sudden I'm going to get religion they're going to drop their bandios. They're going to climb down all those trees and they're going to act like real human beings What do you think? There's an old saying man, I think fits in perfectly with the beeslies where there's no sense there's no feeling Yeah, you said that before. Yeah, for there's no sense there's no feeling in other words as the Chinese would say gorengestelf from Here's George is Paul from Friday who has the worst employees? 1800 neighborhoods pretty impressive, yes, mate or George especially The federal government to 98. I honestly because you had this big audience in Friday because you had the booze guy on for that Let me say it again. Beth. I'd be real real nervous every time I started my car from now on The federal government to 98 DMV1995 I hate this pool 174 my cable company 130 Wow the police 120 the stake government 102 the post office 87 my phone company 74 convenience stole 57 insurance companies 55 They help care industry 54 they should rock the banks 47 restaurants in my city 46 whatever your city is whether it's like Ojas or sweet water or a high leo or The power company 45 oh, well, what could that be? Florida Plunder and loot or whatever power company you have I said department store 39 my internet service provider 39 all supermarkets. I've heard man. The justice system 27 sucks For justice, we must go to TV stations 26 radio stations 25 the worst employees boys should have been a lot higher than that Man, we go out and what we do is we get our like intermediate management level high people And they go out and they scour all the dumpsters around town and then that becomes the sales department, Dar and engineering department That's where you find peanut boys in it. That's right dumpster diving you got right mortgage brokers 23 airlines 20 news papers 15 my shadow like company 12 food delivery joins 11 the military 7 and 9 11 911 right the operators is right for why see 9 level right where you start getting nervous. Yeah, hello operator 9 level is got for When you do see the kind of people that they hired answered those 9 11 calls does I suggest that you folks out there's not ever have an emergency. Yeah, go go to get broke it and don't have any problem Because if you ever seen a show is they have on TV showing you the people who answer the 9 11 calls It's great. They're always the poor examples, you know, we don't get to see the highlights of when they do something The people the crowd that I see but they only answer for the rich neighborhoods. That's right Laugh in fact says happy anniversary. The audio award winning show burst upon me during the Z today's oh good old Z today's I have it I'm looking I'm looking we can't we can't play that thing. I have to like a little with it Where's the order? That's not even the right one. That's not it either where the hell is it? Hurry up. He's in drive him nuts. And 20, it says in her kneeling tweety, the bird, but of course I would always drop that up. Just aggravate him. It didn't take a lot. He's also dead. She's a terrible hero. He'll hear a crap and no mole. Anyway, so Alon says at that time, I was shortly my state of mother duer chemo sessions from time to time to bring our frequent trips. I had to turn off your program since the laughter was a bit painful for my mother's brittle bones. Nevertheless, recovery was quick and our laughter continued. Those were memorable times. Yes, they sure were Alon. Those were the days, baby. Although today my mother is with your mother and tiny, and don't forget winning. And hopefully your host of others, I'm still laughing hard that I'll be in more informed. Thank you for countless hours of prime time news and entertainment with a handshake. Alon, I'm not going to be using this name. PS, we declare can be the first for a claim. Retirement is not an option. Yes, again, Alon. But the worst again. Yeah. Yeah. I was on the impression that that article was in the tropical life and that that's what I was told. Right. And the facts are said, the business section, but everybody's been calling in and saying, we don't know what that facts are talking about. It was in the tropical life, man. Well, don't be talking about facts. In fact, there was a firm Friedman's mother who, whatever the case people called up and said, no man, it's in trouble. I'm not sure if it was in the business or anything. I've been had again. My brother, cover of tropical life. Yeah, holy, holy, right, man. That'll really make a career take place. It's got just the one picture there and there's even sure the whole radio, which I thought to myself and I saw the picture. Why did I bother with that prop when an oily, short-awaited radio? Looks like I'm doing that great a cover. We're team there. Put it anyway. Yeah, we have this probably somebody that they heard would have picked that picture just to make me look a little gay. Faye, you know. I'm not going to read this thing that you've facts to me about this, you know, the soldier thing, what is it? Oh, whatever, no. I don't even know. Did I talk to something to do here today? I'll put it in my pile over here. Oh, that thing, yeah, whatever. Today's pool. Well, everybody wants all of us. Everybody's boring instead of giving to us like sending Joshua back a money to make up for the fact that they keep diddling him around. And that's bad. That is just so bad. And again, it goes to show you the faces change, but they notice operandos do not change. It stays the same. Just keep stonewalling and stringing people along. And but it be put above. But it's just, so pardon me for being skeptical. But when I start seeing some action, then I'll buy into this whole deal about all things are really great. You know, things are not so great. Things are whatever they are. It's the QAMF in way. It's a measly F in way. Here's our pool today. What is the honest name in sports today? Now, not all of the people I put on here are in sports today, but they're still around. You know, their presence is still, they're on doing commercials for Viagre or whatever they're doing. The honest name is sports today. Dick trickles at 147. A lot of people want to see that. I hate this pool 90. I hate sports 59. Coco Chris 53. Man, put a little milk and sugar on it. Peak of boost Street with 39. Oh, and by the way, if you watched any of the Olympics, I will admit I watched them in a hockey yard far too much of it. We even though I wasn't going to watch any of it. But there, there are no other sports. There is no other sport in the winter Olympics. So, it's just strictly like the summer Olympics. Yeah, that's all it is. It's the speed skating and ice dancing and all the, or I got a real kick out of seeing all those guys clapped down on the ice. Did you see that? No, oh, that was beautiful. And the ice, Mississippi, really bad. I'll say we're just a bunch of clutches. But the, I every one of them was like flopping all over. I think the cycle went to think there were clutches. Peak of boost Street 39. Dick Palin 38. Who finds the drugs, every week he looks. There's hockey pairs with drugs. Pikesicle Burr 17. That's one of my very favorites. Pikesicle is out of drugs. Speaking of that. Dick Buck is 39. 13. Dick Pall 12. Kevin Pizznogl 10. Shack is got 10. Shack! Mike Shesky's got a, you know, I had to look up twice just to make sure I was spawning at right. I think you're making some of these up. Mike Shesky co-chid duperized 100 years. Bimbou Cole 6. Apollo Ono. Ono. 6. Oh, no. Mirosha Tan for which has spelled Satan. So like him a lot. Yang Yang for Ron Tugnut trio. You can't say that. To Bucky Jones. Lee Lake Speed 3. Johannes Harrier. His name is German. H-E-R-B-R plays basketball for West Virginia. But his name is pronounced Harrier. But he's very, very, very, very, very. I understand. Right David Seaman has got a pair. That rounded up. What? Somebody put on here, waiter. It's with a K. Eric, maybe it's my band in the Pemonship. Radic Bunks got to. The A points has got to. Living in Palmas and two. Cheryl Pounder's got a pair. Y'all see him. Tobias Angler has got to. Ontario Smith won. He's probably from Quebec. Steve Bowling won. J. Baller won. Jeff Ball won. And none. For Stefan Yell. Lance Pitlick. Carl Dijkhaus. Rock O'Media. To K.O. Spikes. Joey God's Fogga's Speed. Got to one. Happy Sal. How you say that? That's good. Me? Jeff Payne. Sean Crooks and Joey Cheekley have been here for 5.32. And somebody says I like this one a lot. Speaking of Fogga, what about the brickish off Ferguson? Hey, now what do you call him for short, brick? Yeah, sure. What? Still brick. The brick. I bet you the cheap Timothy Sonos a lot about that. So there's a guy reading he keep my eye on. Is the Miami police keep my eye on him and the Gonsimish Fogga, baby. This. Neil Rogers. This. This. 5. 16. 21. This is the Neil Rogers. This is a great. Any questions? Catch the excitement of the 2006 Winter Olympics. I'm going to be the big. I've synchronized the big goal. 63. I'm going to. So, Bogga and catching. What? Frozen Cats, play. The 2006 Winter Olympics on NBC. I was really heavy to be sports on there, not. There was nothing. Just absolutely nothing. 11. I wanted 5. 60 WQA and happy Monday to you. Wednesday's that big 30th anniversary. Sean, I don't know why people I heard a promo. What I was listening to you there for two minutes. Uh, I heard a promo. That's right. What's the idea? What's going to happen Wednesday? I sure hope you have any contract phone calls. I didn't arrange any contract phone calls. Well, good. I sure hope that stuff sticks to the sales. Now you're a sales hole. Okay. You're doing a fine job over there and just stick to it. And stop getting into emotional. Will you play as you're fairing? I think we're going to have a party during the show. That's what's in here. You get some more booze in here. If that would have pleasant British accent. That's right. I don't think I ever got to the floor where I heard him speak. I sure hope he didn't speak like that. That black British guy that's on a cooking show. You know what I'm talking about this in head? No, he spoke like a proper British guy. Oh my god. Okay. That's what you're talking about. Who? Not talking if that's a good one. I don't know. I don't know what you call it. Mon. So I guess, I'll have to keep him back. Use article from me here because I wouldn't want most of you to have to spend a month on your going by and a hero. I just want you to get a. Do you want me to read it? No, whatever. Yeah, well, whatever. Take a long and kill some good time. Although first, let's do the adets. And then don't, I just too much important stuff, man. Secret service agents, Haney was drunk when he shot a lawyer by Doug Thompson. Which George had on the web share last week, but I'm going to read it. Yeah, I have to. I hit the high lights up. I was just talking about it. No, no, no one is. I hit the high lights up it, but I didn't like, you know, read it. Well, thank God for that. God not 81. See, you said he was nine years something? That's what I thought. Because he had been around for a hundred years. He was old when he was on the end of Griffiths trout. Don, not, it's the skinny, lovable nerd who kept generations of TV audiences. Laughing is the public deputy Barney Fife on the end of Griffiths. He owed died Friday. He was 81. He died of pulmonary and respiratory complication of UCLA medical center in Beverly Hills. Said Paul Ward, a spokesman for the cable network TV line, which broadcast the end of Griffiths Show. And another co-ah hit, co-starring Mr. Mats, three's company. Right. He was on the Steve Allen Show. Don, not. Tom Poston, Louis 9. Louis 9. Louis 9. Dayton Allen, right. You ain't no Louis 9. But the question is, at least you're not 10, half a century acting career included 70,000 series, and more than 25 films. But was the end of Griffiths Show that brought him to the immortality in five Emmy awards. The show was on the air from 60 to 68. It was in the top 10 Nealson ratings each season, including another one, writing it's finally year. It's one of only three series to bow out at the top. It is our Isle of Loosely, Sign Felt. The 249 Griffith episodes have appeared frequently. We run spot on a large active network of fan clubs. Don't ask me why. Because there's a lot of redneck stuff there, I guess. As the bug I get to get to the Mr. Griffith, Mr. Mats, carried his in a shirt pocket to one bullet he was allowed after shooting himself in a foot. The constant funding a recurring site gag was typical of his self-deprecating humor. Let's see. It goes on about the pickle story and the Barney and the choir. In 1979 he replaced Norman Fell on three's company. Playing the would be swing or lamb or early here we go. Earlier in his TV career, he was one of the original cast members of the Steve Allen Show. The comedy for Ivy Show from late 50s. He was one of a great group of memorable comics backing Mr. Allen. His G-rated films were family fun, but not at box office blockbusters. The incredible Mr. Limftit. Yes it was. It's a mad mad mad mad mad mad mad. The girl was a ghost and Mr. Chicken. The shaky is going to waste. And a few Disney films like Gus and her big ghost of money crawled. He was a good guy. Where was I like nobody didn't like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. He was like Don Mats. If he was. Then you never stop the program. Course is as easy as will. You've beenvawend... We're nothing but men, no. Wait a minute. I won't feel embarrassed, because I forgot to write my tent, I got mad. Some grupoful gifts in my pocket. I'm just going to write things in a box. That comes from anybody. Please let's delegate to me. The agenda. This afternoon, a representative of dissertation. Your companions would call me when a name was painful. And I was thirds and nine and I was nine. But he was like. Climbed off his ladder, return to Columbia's front gate to land the part. The Husky tough-top and performer went on to become one of the busiest actors in TV and film, starring in five TV series, including Mike Hammer, and in doing how the audiences with his role as the Grouchy Dad in the 80s to become a classic, a Christmas story. McGaven 83, died of natural causes and Saturday at LA Hospital with his family to sigh. McGaven also had leading roles in TV's Riverboat and the Calfayvert Colchack the Nightstalker, a manly memorable portrayals with US Army General George Patton in the 79 TV biography Ike. Despite his busy career in telling the fact that the Bush families very proud of the fact that the support is a vis-à-vis view, they have all these big campaign buttons that come out with this year in the midterm elections, I like Pike. It says, no, I saw it coming. Despite what you remember what the James Baker the Turets said, those Jews down there on board were anyways, so his chrome, which he said Jews. You said, I like Pike's. Despite his busy career in television, McGaven was awarded only one Emmy in 1990 for an appearances, Candace Bergen's opinion, father episode of Murphy Brown. Oh, Murphy Brown. Oh, no, speaking of Quail Hunt. What does that thing call? The Night. The Night. The Night. The Night. Huh? It might be night. Or might be date. Oh, yeah, that's what it's called. The Night and Quail. So I'm Murphy Brown. Look at these people. They said it was a heartbeat way to the president's room. I guess on Wednesday, we're going to have to go back and replay all the old some clearly stuff. We can't play anymore. Let's do it. Yeah. Let's see how long we see on here on Wednesday. For example. Okay, well, some of those sounds in it. It's not like somebody was squeezing the bag. Maybe more. Oh, they were. Just raspberries, man. But it's rising here. Despite his busy career, let's see. You lack of prominence and films he enjoyed in TV during McGaven. The registered strong, we impeached it. Role such as the youngest in Venice in summertime. David Leans 55. Film was kept in Hepern and Rosano Brazzi. Franks and I was crafty grud supplier in a man with a golden arm. Do you hear he Lewis's parole officer in the delicate delinqued and the gambler Gus Stands in the 84's the natural. Let's start Robert Redford. He also started alongside. Oh, no. You are not going to believe this. Yeah, you all want you to grab the size of your chair right now. Oh, I'll grab something. Oh. Oh. He also starred alongside Don Natsu, that right in the 76 family company. No deposit nor returned. I like that. Don. Don. That. How do you like that? Maybe one of those first movies like what was the one James Dean movie? Giant rebel without a cost. Was that where all the people died in it? Big did. Wasn't that way wouldn't it? Yeah. There you go. James Dean. Yeah. That's the one. And Jim back. See? Here's our good fasting friend, Carolyn who says congratulations. I've listened to you since WKT and followed you to every station except that depressing Frip to Nashville was only a month Carolyn seemed like 10 years. So glad when you came back. That me too. I remember leaving night lost goal passes. Listen to you and listening to morning Zeta while driving to work. Also remember the day W I would do when you said you were changing your format. Would have no more guests. That wasn't W I would do W I would do W I would do W I would do W I would see. Okay. Stand was with you. Oh, stand. Stand. Major I. There was something I just realized I got my return with fun. They're ready right now. Woke up a 2 p.m. Faced down in a gutter. My mouth tasted like mong. My brain was like butter. Crawl up on my feet and brush myself off. Little for stone. Yeah. Started to call. Reached in my pocket pulled out my trusty A M radio. That ready for the evening with a stand Major throw. Wow. Good old captain Dave. He's still alive. I think. Anyway, so it was you were changing format. Have been more guests than was with you. There's so many great and funny memories like that funeral for the other radio station. The W is news crews we had. When we put W and W as to bed. That was weird I would do. We took the tombstone that we put in front of their building over there, which is right across the street. It is not ironic. That's where the ticket is now. Greg, Code Text. There's a tombstone that's been in front of the building. It'll probably be coming back again soon. The soon to be backstone. Also, I met you years ago and I'm your age. One week older moving back to Pittsburgh this spring because I hate South Florida now too. Not good choice Carolyn. Even Pittsburgh's a big improvement. I'll keep listening you on the internet though. Have a great Wednesday. Thanks Carolyn. That's good. Thanks for the memories. Oh brother. A lot of pressure. I think I'm going to need another vacation you pretty soon. It sounds like through the 12-50s a good time to start. Love those marlins. They're coming back. Even our team is going to be a drag. Well I'll tell you. Can't complain about the quality of the sports teams in South Florida because generally speaking they're ain't any. How are they heat to them by the way Josh? Are they winning games or yeah the don't well. There they're doing well. Let's go like I said we love the heat. In fact that's why Wednesday we got Pat Riley on we got Eric Reed on talking to his team. We got all that crap on. Oh look at that bush leaves Tuesday for Indian Pakistan. Let's hope you don't come back. Please just know we don't wish any you'll just don't come back. Please for continued. Yeah continue to BS. What is the honest name in sports today? Dick Trickle leading the pack. One sixty three. I hate this pool 98. I hate sports 63. They hate everybody. And that's why he's out Florida. Everybody hates everybody else. Coco Chris 55, tickable street 43, Dick pound 39. And after that although Plexigaburist deserves a mention every time. Do you think? Sure. Plexigose got 17. Hey Plexig. How you being Plexig? And what about Joe Henness Harbour? He's got a pair. Huh? No go out there. That's a liar. He's got a pair. I have some probably on a similar one. I better not. Joe is not the monitoring today and never know. First day back. How did I get to spend it two days before your 30th anniversary? Friday's a meal, Rodgers. This is 5. 16. Two. Five. I don't have a post. There's a lot of odd and interesting fetishes out there. Names sometimes pay me just so they can lick my feet. But unfortunately, there's not a lot of places where people can go to experience their fetishes firsthand, which is why we finally created America's most long-awaited theme park. Fetish land. Check out that man and vlogged. Be attraction to the SNM crowd. Yes, fat man. Me, I have another. And the Tower of Pleather. Man, I thought getting dressed up in Rodgers. And of course, yellow splash mouth. Fetish land. No matter what you're into, you can get into it here. All video cameras in the park are posted for security purposes only. Check out Fetish land TV coming soon. It's 11.17, but every Martin really brought that old thing back. You know what I mean? Yeah. That old man. Anyway, in the Rogers March of 30th year on some photo radio. But third man. Thank you Kevin Baxter, not a bad piece. It says he hates his boss, which is not to see the bread the very first sentence. Here, I guess, is meant to be dramatic. It's a little bit dated now. I don't hate this boss. I just a little bit of lyrics. You know, he talks about the previous boss. And that would be correct. He hates his boss. He hates his coworkers, which is absolutely incorrect. And hates his neighbors so much he moved. I don't even know my neighbors. And let's keep it in that way. Two and other country. Okay, so Neil Rogers isn't the people person. He is, however, an unparalleled entertainment, which is why on Tuesday, he'll finish his 30th year. Not third man. It's also a video about 29 years, 35 days longer than the expected he'd last. I would have been happy to make it 30 days at the beginning, Rogers said. His early listeners were more generous. Some of them told him he probably last six months. But Rogers, of course, I'll last to them all. And not just on a radio. Most of those people are pushing up these days now. Rogers 63, the midday personality, a WQA, a M560, says from his home in Toronto, a director, expected it's kind of interesting. But may soon become a new man since Rogers promises this week's anniversary and will be the last major milestone of his radio career. His contract with WQA, which has already been extended three times, expires in December 2008, and there'll be no more extensions he says. Well, it isn't unless they want to pay me a lot more. That's enough, Rogers, says by the time I get through, I'll be 66 years old and collecting social security. If I have to keep working that point, no way. Unless, of course, they want to pay me. I've been lucky. I've been making enough money. I can't read this last line. I don't know what to tell. Put a lot of it away, so I don't have to worry about working until I croak. Which I certainly don't want to do. Although, we get a big two-in-oddiest way to get from with that headset. And then I got what turned to my funeral. Imagine you can free your car. I hope that guy's listening to me. You are a jackass, you're an idiot. Okay, if that's your life as attending funerals of well-known people, you know. That's just hobby. He goes to funerals. He lets the fulpses. I have no life. No matter when or how it ends, there's no outrageous career in some photos that have been interesting. From its happenstance start on the side of a highway near U. Meirazawa to a showing out as mostly from bedroom student Mr. Ronald Holmey. In between its featured jobs and half-thousand stations comes from AMFM and back again, coming out of the closet on the year. Okay, and eventually becoming the last survivor, or almost once the nation's most vibrant talk radio market, what was once the nation's most vibrant talk radio market. And he did all of the show about, well, about nothing really. It's meals running for four hours. It's just him, says Adam Jacobson, ready to let it in for the trade journal radio and records. And am I mean, any of you want to work with the self-overdrive or the airways? We know Adam Jacobson? I don't. I remember the other Jacobson, what that was his name? Mark. Mark Jacobson, very good. I'll soon have been trying to forget for a long time. That awful and embarrassing kind of footage of you. Don Cox, rest in peace. Some people are saying to themselves, aren't people getting tired of this already, but what else you're going to get if you want something different in goofy and irreverent? Remember, it's all about entertainment listeners, Adam, whoever he is. Do we know Adam? No. Who? And Rogers has been doing this since his first stab at broadcast. He went as a child. He entertained himself by calling Facebook, I'll play, and from the family TV said in Rochester, New York. His parents' men is just sporting goods to her, but Rogers born Nelson Roger Behelfer, Riffus. Found his escape in radio, dreaming of being a DJ or sports announcer. Didn't he, well, how can we help it in Solomon and you leverage, too? His first big radio job was spinning records at a tiny daytime station in Canada, when the York WCGR, baby, all the heavy hits all the month of on you can stomach. And from there, he went on to study broadcast. He can Michigan State dropping out after two years to go on here as a sportscaster in Rocky, I wouldn't say dropping out was the right to term. Just being unadvited to come back. Why don't go to any classes you busy drinking beer all night and then go away. Okay. Radio jobs tend to make quicker than celebrity romances, however, Rogers did a share of moving going from bataving New York to Alby and Michigan to Marshall, Michigan, to Sturgis, Michigan to Sarah Soda and finally on the WJN-O West Palm Beach, 1975. He was on a road again this time heading to a station in Uma, Arizona, when he pulled over to the phone home. What's really to phone home was to phone mom. It was the call that changed his life and mommy radio forever. WKAT and mommy beach called Rogers by the children. They want you, Nels. So Rogers made a U-churn headed back of Florida to be with you. And I'm WKAT's captain, Brad Tom show on March 1, 1976. Everyone expected it would be a short stay. Most of the audience was dead, plus 10, Roger said there was a lot of hostility. A lot of angry old farts on the beach. You're never going to make it okay. You're fatally. You're never going to last a few months. You piece of crap. You mama like you. But despite the hostility, in the last nine months into his stay, WKAT, Rogers decided to come out as a homosexual during his show. You're fairy. Oh my God. I had typed up a statement I was going to read on here and I give it to station managers, said, Levin, to read in his eyes rolled around. Levin, he looked at me and said, fine, whatever, Roger's because. Pretty much what he said, yeah. Said, suck to you. Then he spent the rest of the day said, did keeping a lady who owned the station on the phone so she wouldn't hear the show. That's a true story. Sid was on the phone all day with you, Kola, cats and tying. You feel rich now, Niel. You feel rich now. It was a courageous decision given the times and Rogers, tenuous job security, but it also established a trend. Rogers, we use his microphone to say whatever he wanted. When he wanted, if you'd like it, he'd show you how to turn the dial. Judging from his audience numbers, few of ticketing up on Met offer, Rogers, who dominated his lucrative target demographic, managed 25 to 54 since he first saw an onion and in his last eight years at WKWM, where he's finished at top of quarterly arbitrar making his an air-view ratings period. He's the most consistent, and performed by my mom in 2554 that this market is ever seen, says, you're fair, a former QM program director now she sales executive for the Rogers show. In other words, he's been demoted twice. Screwed over. By the way, nice job, parents. You really have to over a duck. That's why Rogers ends more than one point one million dollars a year. Sounds a little bit low to me. Taking the highest paid broadcasters and throw it any medium. It's also why Rogers isn't getting away with writing about his boss, his co-workers, his relatives, and his relatives, basically anything he feels like granting a boot. They don't let me do it because these people are in love with me or because they want to hear me do it, Rogers says a management of QM, but they realize it's part of my appeal. They have to let me do it. A lot of it is just stick, but that's what the audience expects. It's part of my personality on the air. It's part of what I do. And of course, there are always several grains of truth to it. Especially when I'm talking about the sales department, there are a lot of grains of truth to it. Multi-green, like a serial man, multi-green. In fact, they kind of like rub everybody the wrong way going against the grain, no saying? What do you say? It's kind of my way of neatly getting a shot in here and there he said, I said. The target of much of Rogers are these days of soft Florida. Absolutely. And that part is not stick. Rogers is just like the area of so strong. He now is most of his shows from Canada, a movie WQM facilitated by installing a state-of-the-art student in Mr. Rodo Home. And one that works every day by the way to this fine little studio here because he's nobody here to patch key around with it and screw it up. I love it here, says Roger's of Keeps track of soft Florida, by reading for racially, then checking as many as six websites during commercial breaks. This is extended my life at least ten years. I hate soft Florida people know what I say it on the year. Let me say again, I hate soft Florida like poison. It's a nightmare. It's an outdoor septic tank. The people are just very hostile and we're unfriendly and paranoid. If you say hello to somebody in elevator or anything it's like, what do you want? What are you looking for? Here it's just the opposite. Maybe it sounds corny to people, but at least people hear most of them are civilized. They're polite, eh? Except the ones that are like, people but that's just a small minority. Minority? Minority? What? Minority? You starting again with a crash or the other one? Yeah, I'm crashing into the wall. Yeah. What a great movie. And at least listeners and South Florida civilized enough not to take those barbers personally. Or maybe they agree with them. Either way they listen because in the final analization they cramudgily roges entertaining a dictively so. I've often thought I wonder if I could do what Neil does as Rick Shaw, WXMX Magic, who with 45 years in a market is the only person who's been on the South Florida dog longer than Rogers. So much of what I, let's hit our head to Rick and Tiki Shaw. How do you like that? As a matter of fact, is a special tribute that's going to last for about two seconds if I can find it, here it is. Big Shaw. Is that emotional or what? I could not. There you go. I got it here. I wish I had to drop voices. It's just shocked radio. I don't think we have that anymore. I don't know where that is. It took a little while to kind of like, cozy up to it. Rick and Tiki said so much of what I do as playing music, but Neil is there pretty much is the main source of the program. You got it, Rick, baby. It's just me. And you wrote them out. Thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, that's it. Like it or not, he's the best of what he does. Neil doesn't like anybody. He said I really resent that. In fact, one after the break, I'm going to like list all the people I do. I don't think about two minutes. No, I mean, why did people say that? It's a, they bought to say that. Neil doesn't like anybody, and it's just the way it is. But like he says, it's a radio show. It's their to entertain you to make you smile to make you laugh. He doesn't. He just flat out dozens as Rick Shaw. Thank you, Rick, 45 years out of here. Spinning all that crap. Man, there's a legend. Okay, I'm just, you know, small potatoes. But 45 years. But essentially, can't. I saw Rick. I don't think I'm here anymore. I don't think I'm here anymore. John over there. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16 28. This is Randy Wests. And as for our phone conversation, I talk to Peter North here today. He tells me your real name is Neil Down. And he's still in interested. Can I? Don't fuck. I'm American Idol. Yes, Star. George Bush seems the host. He's a son of a son of a son. John is born. I just get arrested. I've got the best. John in the back. I get, I get arrested. Before we go home, talking about. I get, get, get, get. I get arrested. I've got the best. I get arrested. We don't get food again. It's food. We take a fool of him. What do you think of me? It's just a tell that there is. Don't sing ever anymore. Don't do. Don't sing. Nice voice. Nice. I heard up the word that's hard. But mother to yourself is it because you've just been to the youth for the culture. I have never ordered. Put your tongue out. American Idol. And I. On Fox. I moved our. Number 31. We did do the. We just did it. I'm on to a so fast. I can't even keep on. I'm ahead of myself crossing our bridge. We haven't done it until he just the opposite. We've got both for a mole who ain't here no mole for two to four. And we're evolving doors. See that. That's. You know, it's just here. It's already the first in March on Wednesday. Mm-hmm. And we're still touching around and butterbeat. But it would be good. And we got like, uh, I don't know. Not too. We got both of the end of tomorrow, which I'm really. Especially not too crazy. But then we got guilty on Wednesday. And then the Marleakea month. There's a thanks God. Doug Thompson, capital. He'll blew George was right on top of this baby last week. Secret Service Agent say, Cheney was drunk. Twenty shot lawyer. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind. In fact, uh, you know, the way the whole thing was piece together. And I gave plenty of time to get their stories straight, you know, and then plenty of time to sober up. And that's all of these. Yeah. Secret Service Agent's guarding vice president, Dick Cheney, when he shot Texas Larry Harry winning the honor hunting outing two weeks ago. So Cheney was clearly in need for it in a time with a shooting. President, he's just scunned. Pied face. Agents observe several members of the hunting party, including the vice president, consuming booze before and during the hunting expedition, before and during the report notes. And Cheney exhibited visible signs of impairment including a slurred speech and erratic action. Like shooting the wrong person. Things like that. According to those who have talked with the agents and others, President, the outing, Cheney was drunk when he gunned down his friend at the day and a hand and the day and a half delay in allowing Texas law enforcement officials on the ranch where the shooting occurred. I'll give all members of the hunting party plenty of time to sober up. We talked with a number of administration officials who are pretty to win side information on the vice president, shooting so-called accident and all the met-secret service agents and other cities saw Cheney consume far more than the one very claimed he drank and lunch earlier that day. This was a South Texas hunt. Says one white house, a case that was drinking. There's always drinking lots of it. One agent at the scene has been placed on administrative leave. Another requested reassignment this week. A member reportedly written by one agent has been destroyed. Sources said last Wednesday. A member written by one of the secret service agents was destroyed. I can't imagine why I can't you. Shredder, they probably have one of those in Cheney's ambulance that they carry around. Cheney has a long history of alcohol abuse including two convictions of driving out of the influence of the country. Dr. Stelme, that someone like Cheney was taking blood thinners because of his history of heart attacks, could get legally drunk now after consuming just one drink. If Cheney was legally drunk at the time of the shooting, he could be guilty of a felony under Texas law and the shooting ruled the accident by a compliant Kennedy County Sheriff would be a prosecutable offense. But will never know for sure because the owners of the arms drawn ranged were the shooting occurred barred the sheriff's department from the property on the day of the shooting and Kennedy County Sheriff Ray once alienated the turd and read the way till the next day. It's indefinite to talk to those involved. Anyone can do that, right? Like if there's a shooting on my property, like a cop who went out there with us. Asking you to tow the line. Sheriff's Captain Charles Kirk says he went to the arms drawn ranged immediately after the shooting was reported. Senator Feb. 11th put both he and a game warden were not allowed on the 50,000 acre property. He calls Selena, so he told him to forget about it and return to the station. I told him don't worry about it. I'll make it call Selena said the sheriff claims he called another deputy. Who moonlights the arms drawn ranged. City was told that was just an accident made the decision to wait until Sunday to investigate. Right. We've known these people for years. They're honest. They wouldn't call us telling us a lie. Selena said, right. Like all elected officials in Kennedy County, so his job to the back in the financial support of Catherine Armstrong, all of the ranching the county's largest employer. The county and the arms drawn drill Kennedy County like a Feb. This is a former employee. Secret Service officials also like a Barney Fife. Secret Service officials also took position of all tests. I'm willing to use blood at the hospitals where he was treated for his wounds. When asked to make blood out called test been performed on, I'm willing to the doctors who treated them at Christ's Sponem, Hospital Morial and Corpus Christi or the hospital in Keynesville refused answer. One admits privately he was ordered by the secret service to never discuss the case with the press. Never discuss the case with the press. It's a sure grant that it's a private doctor between the victim of Cheney's reckless and rocket actions. Can't talk to the public in any of it and shows the vice president Drunk his a scunk. We'll never see a lot of day. And that's all you'll hear about it. Doug Thompson, capital to hillboot.com, was on our website. Saw you'll hear. We're the main team. Because the main stream didn't give a crap. They don't want to go too far. They're owned by the same carl else we can group. They don't want to be sent to get them. To get more for their money. All of you. I'm waiting for Lou Daji sein on Lobras. You're often at Aurora Luthay. You wh нельзя to. Workforward in the etiquette community at the risk of paralysis. You aren't covered. That microfiber surgeon he was a truck you'relyn score. Who funded the nine. Levant. He just like our friends, The Saudis. Bush talking about all our good friends. that's a yeah line of sorry well you see you don't want to get in the channel don't always use about to oh I know that the street thing as far as yeah those those right right what the average ishmai alimma hamad arasayanat there on the street under their rush mothas that's the era of street well what the european are among the member you know I'm mumbling out of their burglary like that yeah not actually now you do in the Indian thing yeah hey it's all safe for Indian can drivers George Michael in drugs arrest how do you like that I'm so shocked yeah she's got problems he's got issues you're very reducing your George Michael was arrested yeah I yesterday on suspicion possessing drugs after his found slumped over to car and central London police or a said Michael 42 is sold more than 80 million records worldwide got only knows why during a 25 year career was arrested in the high pocket reactor of the capital recently Sunday London police folks from the shoot a statement saying the 42 year old man had been on suspicion of possessing class c drugs group in British law that includes cannabis track allisers and some painkillers cannabis or a v. we were called by member of the public to to a man seen something over to steering wheel of a car this day but said it was arrested on suspicion possession controlled substances he was bailed to be turned to police station and late march pending a police investigation is manager and public is good not very rich for comment their mom under British law anyone convicted of having class c drugs can be jailed for up to two years and face an unlimited fine according to home law office of the interior ministry website and of course your micle knows that interior ministry inside and out in a front page report to send newspaper said the singer was found in a dark colored range rover parked on a high park corner want to send for London's busiest intersections the unsourced reports that he was taken into police custody was exited by a doctor he had his photo in fingerprints taken released after more than seven hours reports that and yada yada yada mismichels he's about issues again you know yeah the tough life only which is you've been around when jordan when what's his name tab hundred and the Tony Perkins were doing their thing or those days for each other's thing out five six seven we have a big an a call is yet you know what wow this is something special i don't see any coming in either which is probably just as well i must know i have this humongous pile or the phone's not working i wouldn't know i said or all all i heard that i don't oh it's the uh... the wrong thing still the lights would live would have been lighting up it's going to be other phone thing we are going to have to uh... reset the premise again boy sure remember uh... and we're going to be changing this coming to a qm baby we got new management we got a whole fresh new attitude nothing works though sales department still same but you're most slackers tide recumers in this morning uh... after the hang turned him down to some account trying to pedal off on me some uh... we're going to do it all you've had a doubt about all my thoughts on the year let's see if this one works now go into the other thing well what other thing what is this other thing uh... here computers can have to be reset unfortunately what does that mean because that's that's what has happened when this happens let me just let me just do some out yeah it's in the wrong mode that's what was going on when i when i was having the same problem let's see let's see like he said i'm passionate i'm president and i was going to run mode it's going to all sorts of vinity things oh no up on the top up on the top is it's a mode yeah studio console mode up across the top is this pilot mode hmm it says assisted producers oia mode yeah and uh... what does it say after mode after the arrow it doesn't say anything oh well it should say talent we did this once before i figured how we do that configuration desktop director mode uh... it says mode producer oh you need to be in mode talent well how do i do that how do i change it reset your computer what do we reset my computer will do this go to the desktop director one and check dd2 that might do it configuration desktop director check dd2 that that thing ain't coming down any coming down hit it uh... hit it again any coming down well i don't know what to tell you uh... but it's a computer what other than reset the computer okay well do doing the break this is this is wq one this is all about the general and i want you to know this is the epitome of this radio station okay and they can keep changing uh... managers and program directors and operations manager from now until the cows come home this place continues setting new lows in history of brooch and he leave a run run run run run scale in a 60 hi the tell us rock your rollers past their prime what's happened straight out of Detroit rock cities kid rock what's up i'm scared and the secret no one knew i don't spend a lot of money on videos i don't think a lot of people realize that is a true love or something more higher i right here i think you turned the cameras on you put the thought into the video and not the money they call each other pen names the mom she didn't and no one understands with these two shares it's when the states that's our in a swimming video is that's sometimes the simplest things matter most play one of my songs i don't think that's necessary and and 14 no one is going to be the queen to i'll tell you that that phone is working out because i got that re-adjigoted good listen whoo i don't know cause coming in swine went to a right away so i get them all i don't want to feel like taking any right now i mean it would be nice to take me to one or two on Wednesday but i don't feel compelled i'll speak about that i did dislike support systems since you mentioned the dis moments ago that's right they'd lend or if in counterpoint did you put the story under it i do it i i don't remember what happened i don't i don't i don't i don't i don't i don't put too many other Saturday because the jashio said i'm 70 altogether maybe that's why he's not putting the money maybe he would look over the top you know possibly yeah you get little i mean one thing to be conscientious it's another thing to be overly conscientious like how excessive hey they were all important maybe we're just trying to make up for the fact you allowed Beth to uh... stuck with you in the morning and the blame her i could have no no no what do you mean don't blame her i'd protect her no i was that i'd give you a pity pity you could have said no and you should have said no but she shouldn't have come in the first place don't play this silly thing Beth about you don't know the rules you don't know all you want to do is hordesho that's all hordesho your blamer Beth what what does that mean everybody's a hordesho mr. midi this morning where you know it's awfully tough out there things are you how it is out there mr. whaaat oh Todd wreck the i don't have it is out there people see you and they go running they see you coming and put the clothes so on the uh uh sign on the dough hey we can hardly listen to that we're going to have to go through this whole oh here's one call you way in hello no sir i show you one of the Beth that's small the 30th anniversary of the year that the mission of network is being released really yeah and that only has a new master print a much clearer than the earlier release but it's got six features including interviews where Peter Fincher and Ben Fincher is now an authentic and more old exactly and then and then the the Chereski and the picture uh picture of you are off of the earth i'm sure she'll be able to do that wow see the you was a year in your Chevrolet and it's not tomorrow and it's only 1999 which is a broken too thanks a lot pali i'll pick it up thanks to the heads up and the heads down and the head up and down uh lost in middle of the heavy breathing by the main stream press reporters have gotten so worked up over the vice presidential shooting is the story of the vice presidential ambulance oh my god how many of us knew that the country's vice president of man that most politically were citizens know as the country's leader behind the scenes is so health impaired that he always travels with a fully staff ambulance including heart specialist in tow this is the real secret not the 14 hour reporting delay regarding tini shooting was hunting buddy that's been kept from anywhere can people not for hours but for years the fact is the nation's vice president and the fact or leader is so frail and so close to death's door while perhaps heartening to some of the scene is the architect of the war mongering madness currently gripping relations policy making establishment should surely have been a major topic conversation during the 2004 election but no buddy mentioned it just like nobody other than the conferences mentioning the fact that he was dropping his house when he shot his uh hunting buddy it's also worth pointing out that this same administration that's spending what must be millions of dollars on a mobile cardiac unit to travel the vice president is calling for the custom medicare and medicate that will force poor americans in the early to make do with second-year medications for such things as heart conditions there seems to be a story there the corporate media is patting itself on the back for a aggressive pursuit of the hearing what he's been shooting in the by the vice president but why didn't the white house press court tells us long ago about the vice president's medical squad while we're at it why are these reporters able to get so worked up and aggressive when it comes to the president's shooting incident if they can't seem to bring themselves the president of the vice president about the latest British memo showing that the post was not really completely committed to war against the back in July 2002 but actually suggested the prime minister Tony Blair that he might have US planes painted new and color shot down over rack as a pretext to invade US planes painted new and colors shot down over rack as a pretext to invade no it would be like a night eleven happened this story or making it happen this story much more important than the peace bad marksmanship has been blacked out in the US are selectively diligent for the state practitioners the unfortunate upshot of all on by the way David Gregory and B.C. you are such a quizzling man you should have seen him fact tracking and waffling on meet the press after that press conference member we got into it with the scum of the colon oh I apologize they should have reacted that way I should have held up your sexual went man they must have made him an offer he couldn't refuse David Gregory my ass he's saying it another day in a bash you know Lou Dobbs went to her for some stupid report from the one house couple days ago and she started doing her usual she you know she's got the truck and head ever seen the in a bash she's a truck and yeah so kind of look like a and culture man culture yes yeah a truck and head and coder junior and she started like whaffling and doing the excuse making about the her and a new dobs cut her out right mid sentence so thank you for all of you and that was the end of her and she had a shot look at her face like that that's it that's it anyway getting back to this so last paragraph in his article here about the that I did and his ambulance the unfortunate upshot of all this misdirected report of our repatriol zeal is that chain will not probably be the sweet it from going hunting anymore what we should be doing is leaving the guy alone and hopes that I'll make more trips to the Armstrong range and the company of keneocon strategist new supreme court members and key senate and house leaders oh yeah now we're talking to you it's more duck hunting trips with the judge's clearly I shouldn't be ruled out especially very soon we've got idea you could take the you know have to Supreme Court with him you know I'm actually a real good time with the current's token Thomas the one could be the bird out there with the plans yeah that's it good old parents token Thomas how you spell that that's it you're a team you're a team there we go hey y'all my name is man you're dealing Thomas random was just not an equal to Supreme Court and you know there's lots of people's out there to take this off I spoke a little man water when I was in college and it wasn't but it didn't join but maybe it's not a job nor a billy up then they don't say I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court and I got a musk that's who this quick and get out of here I want to say y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law I don't just review the law tell y'all I mean token and I don't get to the ease and I don't get to the West don't get to the West don't get to the West don't get to the West don't get to the West don't get to the West I'm gonna put these three seven two one to WCAM on Monday for board twenty seven we got the full work and now we got this going we got that going disco yeah actually I did that all on my own during the break I just if I was flipping around whatever flipping around place or defied a flip it ass flip that baby down there and I flip that magic twangering just like that's like that I'll kind of says we infiltrated the UAE government what is the prize okay Al Qaeda's gonna be in charge of the ports in the US including Miami the story you just read in this one if you sent those to Josh then they're on their twice because I remember both of those they're good at that to be posted twice they're good at that to be on every day especially the one about you know Cheney being drunk and about the most ambalence right I posted the other one too where you got you taxpayers are you suckers out there you know you're paying for an ambulance to you know a portable hospital there because your vice president got a real bad ticker he takes a look in but he keeps on tickin what the movie did I see John Cameron's ways you know they won't movie was he in oh he was in face of the crowd okay he was doing a report on NBC news about the character Andy Griffin what that was the name character he played in my I don't know I didn't see it it's written on my dresser oh it's uh... loads of roads no relation to Randy roads road loads of roads and like I said it was okay but he just got more and more over the top not a control and you know I was urging to watch and I'd be interested in here where you have to see is it's okay but it's way over the top sometimes on the sweet maybe tomorrow I mean obviously Peter French was over the top and network but that's totally the right that was the idea it's supposed to be this one it seemed like everybody was over the top including his uh... wild side kick there to stumble but it would it would tie on that uh... kept playing the applause machine and anywhere you'll see it al cita war the government of the ua united Arab Emirates more than three years ago that infiltrated key government agencies according to a disturbing document released by the ua's military it infiltrated key government agencies the warning was contained in a June two-months to see ua rulers in which the and by the way speaking of democracy they got a really good one over there don't think oh yeah just like the Saudis the democracy it seems on a march civil war in Iraq like somebody once said somebody poked the hornets is now they don't know how to get the bees back in the beeswax the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the if and the more it said is in a sort of a the the the bay�herm could be to be that�� forty people that the the rauthor BUT the message you're well aware that we've infiltrated your security censorship of copyrights agencies and they teach them Therefore, we warm the continuation of practicing policies which do not serve your interests and will only cost you many problems that will place you in an embarrassing state before your citizens, embarrassing state, like Florida. Your whole mind is exposed to us. There are many vital interests that will hurt you if you decided to harm them. The document was among a batch of international, of internal al-Qaeda communications captured by U.S. forces in the war on Terra. They would declassify and release earlier this month by the Center for Commanding Terrorism at West Point. I do like that. I don't. So I think we ought to put out kind of in charge of the ports and the airports. What are you saying? And the Secret Service. Secret Service. All the food distributors. Just like the old cheese had Tommy Thompson once said, I can't believe they have them poison their food yet. Or they let them go. Rogers. This is 516. Jesus. This did, Jamie. I like the relaxed vibe of a Mary Magdalene. My size might also be listening to the new Rogers welcome on our. We're moving to home. All right. Have a seat down on the runway as late as possible. I choose my lucky numbers. But never hit it all. I ain't keep one day up hitting. Down from the Southern Cal Hall. Gas to the advice for you. It's going to be the same powerful. I'm flying up those quicks and I'm spending all my dreams. Pulling money from my wallet. Then always leaves me clean. I'm off by 20 digits with every bonus ball. I'm in 10 seconds to my asmr. And don't say to play powerful. Yes, I will power ball to the unknown. Where I have faith, but this power ball looks like a game play. That's perfect. Yeah, big sandwich. You see those eight meat patches up and looking to brass. I thought somebody really hit a big. I was going to run 65 million. It was going to become a real old monkey. And after they run it through the formula, they each get what like 15 million. 15 and a half million. Which I would I would throw it back. I'm going to throw it back like a fish. I'd take it. 15 and a half million my ass. And we're thinking of one guy at 1060 five million. First of all, divide 365. Just 360 by eight. Okay. 14. What? You divide it. About 45 million a piece. Okay. They're getting 15 and a half million. Yeah, because they could take the they're taking the right amount. See, this is the scam of the lottery. I think they're concluded in Florida lottery. Then I don't know if kids to full amount. You get to take it. If you want it all in one lump sum is supposed to win a newty. Which takes like 20 or 30 years. They give it like a fraction of what you're supposed to get. And then I'll top of it. You have to pay taxes on it. What a joke. Look at that. There's those look at nice caps on a Hamas man and nice green caps. 120 million euros. That's 140 million dollars. 60 million. It looks really spiffy at the Olympics. I guess those Palestinians don't do too many winters for it. I think they did the lose. Yeah. I think it's a bush that's losing. Now, I'm looking at the picture on tropical life. I just went to the picture that used to get a noticing. I had noticed this before that my middle digit is the one that's kind of like sticking up. They are, I think that's not what it is to the picture out of here. Out of where? Well, I had a copy of the cover. Can't you just go online? I mean, I don't know if you can't go to mymeinherald.com. Jesus Christ, man. How come I'm the only one that's technically Eft? Look at how fast I got this damn phone back on. Not that I want to run your time. I'm a hero. I'm a hero. I'm a hero.com. Tropical life. Click it. And there's that picture. And I look at a finger. I had noticed that before. It felt like a finger. Middle finger. Just to, that's a message to the hero by the way. Okay. Not to give a back piece of good guy. We're the photographer. Maybe she was nice. Without a message to the Miami hero. I thought it was your index finger at first. But I guess it ain't. It's the middle digit. Look at this story that somebody just packs in place. They may hide in bathrooms and drinks boys urine and Columbus Ohio. And things used to be pretty normal there until the groomers moved in. Columbus Ohio essential Ohio man. Legitally told police last week that he likes to drink the urine of adolescent boys. Alan Patton 54. I want to work to Peter Clayton would think about that. He probably be urining to hear more about it. Ooh. Alan Patton 54 is in jail after allegedly telling. He's got Hannah Ohio police about his affection for urine. He's urining for urine. Police said Patton goes to family restaurants and movie theaters and waits for boys in a bathroom stall. Investigate a city. Oh no. Careful. He shuts off the water of the child level of urine and puts a cup in the bottom. He goes back and takes the cup and drinks the urine to take a run. Fifth and said this is a true story. This is from, what is it from? NBC 6 in the Ohio. Patton allegedly told police. He leaves the stall after the child leaves. Old thank God for that. Fifth and interview Patton after he was arrested while leaving a movie theater last weekend. Listening to him described it as like listening to a cracker cocaine addict. He's addicted to children's urine. Fifth and said. According to police, Patton said he's been drinking urine for years. He told us he's been doing it for over 40 years since he was seven years old. Fifth and said. He said that was the fifth and today. Police had Patton told him to make some sick but it's almost spiritual to him. He allegedly added. I like it because it makes me close to them like I'm drinking their youth. A new Albany Ohio father played a role in Patton's arrest. He told someone in a movie theater that Patton was staring at the son of the bathroom. The theater employed and called police. Officials said Patton's arrested sexual predator who was convicted of rape 13 years ago. Police said that Patton's been collecting and drinking urine in cities around central Ohio, including Hillard, Westerville, Dublin, working to in Angahana. The mad urine drinker on the loose. I don't even know how Ricky Martin could get together. There you go. They could take showers together. That would be golden. How are we doing on that? I've got to get off that picture. Yeah, I can't get off that. That's something to me. The May West Look. What is the honest name in sports today? That's our pull question. 715 votes. We got a shot of 1,800. We're not pushing. I didn't put it on it. About E3 to the morning for some strange reason. And I know why. Victor, 1 91. I hate this pull. 1 27. Well, guess what? Yamama. I hate sports 73. Coco, Chris 70. Pickable street 50. Dick town 45. Dick buck his 19. Dick Paul 19. Tyxaco Burris. You're being mean to that, right? No, what? You haven't heard of these people. Dick pound is with the international Olympic committee. He's the one that said that everybody in the international House there, right? With the health of Dick Paul. This is a former right now. No, no, no, no. He's the local. What? Who's Dick Paul? He was Dick Paul. He was a race guard driver. He was against the pull position. I was just going to say. Dick Paul is a pitching coach. He used to be pitching coach for the, uh, cubs. Okay. Right, Josh? Didn't he play? Well, yeah. Of course. And no pitching coach didn't play. Yeah. What's the pot of time by any years ago? All right. She's a squad, man. Classical Burris 18. Kevin Pitznoggle 13. Shack has got 11. 11 for a, uh, Shack wheel. Nice to see 10. Dick is shot Ferguson's got seven. He's going up nicely. Apollo 07. Bimbo cool six. Mirosia 10. 6. Yang Yang 6. Mickey Klutz five. Ron Tugnut for Lake Speed forward. The lucky Dylan's only. He'll pound her three. Joannis Herber is got two. David Seaman to write. Even to the TV broadcast. He got that boy's body. I guess I just got twenty ten. From his to the record. Michiodana who was going until the start. Whatever he's home to redock. Ff againstופn arr and 22. He might that're literally p like a purchah like they've been 24? Rating on his right arm. That's his. God. What will you get in? Why do youAL canity D new applause? Get out of here. Did that Georgia remember, yeah? No, he knows. We had an unpromote, is it what not? Ottawa, you're gunna-lee-a? Yeah, you do you clean it up? Lance Pitley-quan, Ontario Smith-1, he's from Alberta. Steve Oling-1, J. Baller-1, Jeff Balls got one and no votes for Steph-on-Yel, Crowdy-Cuz, Rocco-Midi-8, he's a golf guy. To K. Ospice, Joey Godspeed, Pippi-Sau, I don't know what that is. Jeff Payne, Sean Crook's, or Joey Cheek, why don't we cheap their talking about? Correct, oh man. So there you go. I still got a very heavy pile, okay? Sean, I just feel like maybe just this one day this week, do something useful, you know? Okay. Well, let's see, what is the townships in do it today? I sent this one, law and I can't mind. My real-time politics model plays both sides. Do I have time to read this? This is, that's fairly long, Doug Thompson. I'll put an else to give my pile of things. I don't want to overdo it. Especially after the other, the good one he wrote about, his canybean, Brooklyn's a skunk, and that's hunting accident. Irranged debt squads on a brink of civil war. Most of the corpses in Baghdad's mortuary show signs of torture and execution, and the interior ministry is being blamed. In the great that we put democracy's on a march, freedom's on a march, we put a wonderful government of really tolerant, progressive 14th century people in there. Hundreds of Iraqis are being tortured and death are similarly executed every month and Baghdad alone. By debt squads working from the ministry of the interior, they went out going human rights chief and Iraqis revealed. John Pace, who left Baghdad two weeks ago, told the independent newspaper the Brit independent on Sunday. That up to three quarters of the corpses stacked in the city's mortuary, she'll evidence of gunshot wounds to the head or injuries caused by real-bist or burning cigarettes. Much of the killing he said was carried out by she and Muslim groups under the control of the ministry of the interior. Under government, you understand. This is the government that we have to get elected, that we have to stick their ass in there. Much of these statistical information provided the Mr. Pace and his team comes from the Baghdad Medical Legal Institute, which is located next to the city's mortuary. He said figure showed that last July the more alone received 1100 bodies about 900 to which four evidence of torture or summary execution. The pattern prevailed, why got like, oh yeah, am I throat. The pattern prevailed throughout the year until December when the number dropped to 780 bodies about 400 to which had gunshot or torture wounds, but it making some heavy duty improvements, are you seeing that? Big time. It's being done by anyone who wishes to wipe out anybody else for various reasons, had Mr. Pace, who worked with the UN for more than 40 years in countries ranging from live-view into Chile, but to bulk our attributed to the agency, ministry of the interior. Coupled with the suicide bombings in attacks on Shea, holy places carried out by Sunnis, some of whom are followers of Abul Masab al-Zar Kahui, the activities of the esclaz are pushing a rack ever closer to a sectarian civil war. How many people predicted this? 50,000 told us that we're going to have civil war. Right. I say let's stop on a backing there tomorrow. He was the court. He'll take care of business. Let me get things straight now. He has vases. Look at how the piece of copy. Wow, woo! Man, the US Senator is civil senate direct. Somebody gave it to me. I said it to you. I gave it to him. He gave it to me. Somebody gave it to him. The day the change. I see. Problem is, Pasha knew, John the Baker would like to not give it to you. They'd like to say to us some great food at the very modest price. That's right. The prices are low-family prices. So you can go and enjoy the fantastic fresh pizza. And all the great hot and cold oversized subs. And their famous sloppy sausage sub. And great down home with setting a favorite slag of lasagna. Chicken parmesan, veal, and peppers, can't only. And lots of more too. Everything is made fresh for you. And John even greets the customers every day because when you go to John the Baker either location. Your part of John's family. John the Baker has been doing it in town for over 30 long years now. Thought turned me in. If I kind of like a contemporary me, wouldn't you say? Yeah. Oh, George, do it at one and two and a three. That's right. Stop by for a fantastic pizza. The family style of Italian food and John's world famous gigantic food. Garlic rolls the best there are anywhere. If I'm too John to make a location there in Pembroke Pines. 125 92 Pines Boulevard. And brand new location just open in Cooper City at 8835 Sterling Road Corner Sterling in Pine Island. Here the phone numbers to take up. In Pembroke Pines call 9 5 4 3 1 4 3 1 4 3 1 4 3 1 4 3 15. And in Cooper City call 9 5 4 2 5 2 0 9 1. We shouldn't tell John that Neil told you to stop by 2 5 2 0 9 1. It just doesn't get any better than John the Baker. This is Neil Roger. This is 5 16 15. Kacing your on to him. You don't have an international garden because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Isn't that the national guard? No national guard in the wreck. Not the national guard at law. From the director of curious George. Come on. Hey there little guy. And the producer of broke back mount. The boys here found a way to make 10th answer. It's broke back monkey. Get ready for some serious monkey face. This is so awesome. Oh, that's a gross back monkey. Oh, boy. Well that's a fish. 17 at 5 6 to WCM is George saying the same thing. We've got that's over. No, he's still out there. Oh yeah, he must be having a rough one. He's doing the Lawrence Wugman. One or two or three in a four, I think. And a five. Man, that is bad news. That's got touching you for letting that. No, no. But if we're about to know, listen to me. Okay. The reason that Beth came to you with that scam. Choring the show and putting some would be sponsored on a year and then some boring guests, recently because you wouldn't approach me with that. Because you know, I tell our absolute no chance for. Well, you're on that he happened to be. And found that day. I don't give a crap if he was like a mounted on top of the building. Otherwise, that's why it was the one that happened on. The fire hydrant out there on the corner advisory rodent for 41. I don't give a crap if he was like four hundred and fifty five pound. And which did side the doorway. There. Okay, if you had been on the air that day, then she would have approached you? Well, that would have been a big mess. I would have told her no, I don't do that. I don't do that. I don't do that. I don't do that. I don't do that. I don't do that. Anyway, now I just got to play and Jason, you're on to him. You don't have any national gardener because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard in Iraq. There's no national guard at no. No. Calvin is a both party city yesterday that Bush administration policies were stripping the national guard of equipment and personnel needed to respond to hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, forest fires, and other emergencies. Tens of thousands of national guard members have been sent to Iraq. Jason, you're on QAF. You don't have any national guards in there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in Iraq. There's no national guard at no. Tens of thousands of national guard members have been sent to Iraq along with much of the the equipment needed to deal with national disasters and terrorist threats in the US. The governor said that the winter meeting of the national governor's association in Washington, D.C. The national guard, which presides roots to the colonial militia, has the dual federal state role. Governor's normally command their guard in their states, but guard members deployed over a season to part of a federal mission are of the control of the president. The governor said they're presenting their concerns to President Bush and defense secretary Hermann Gary and Rumsfeld today. In a preview of their message, all 50 governors signed a letter to the president of all 50 governors opposing any cuts to the size of the national guard. Unfortunately, the letter said when our national guardmen and women returned from being deployed in foreign theaters, much of their equipment remains behind. The governor said the White House must immediately re-equipped guard units to carry out their homeland security and domestic disaster duties. Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, Republican, and chairman of the governor's association said the National Guard plays an incredibly valuable role in the states, but we're concerned about his governors'es that when our troops that are deployed for long periods of time, and their equipment goes with him, but doesn't come back. The troops are very strange, and they no longer have the equipment they were trained to use. Nearly a third of the American ground forces in Iraq are members of the Army, National Guard, chasing your on QM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the National Guard. Not the National Guard. Not the National Guard. Not the National Guard in Iraq. Not the National Guard. No. Get your round together, Jason. Let's say, do we want to put X-X-ray hip on this thing? Why, uh. Well, okay. I don't know he's still around anybody's mind, but you know the name was okay. And it spelled X-R-E-E as an excrement. Oh, and speaking of that kiss, oh, I know what I wanted to tell everybody in the world. Those three awful boring eating days I was down there. Yeah, you'll never ever guess who I saw in Channel 4. Angela Ray. Jim the feces. Oh, rare treats. You haven't had the pleasure yet, I take it. Well, I had seen him once before in interview when he was unshaving. Uh-huh. Didn't the help. Didn't help. But that's not, it's not so much that she wants on the face of you. And the best part of the deal is they show him standing up. Yeah, they shouldn't do that. They're all 1400 pounds of understanding of why not, like, have them sitting down behind, uh, like, uh, a wall. Oh, you know what? That goes in your fat kind of rises up. Now, can you tell me what this, uh, yes, your Amma fart thing is all about what? I guess that's a, that's a guy his name is Yasar, uh, yes, or Erufett. Yeah, what about a job for the poll I think it's a poll suggestion? Well, he's a player. Yeah. His name is Y-A-S-I-R-Y-S-R-A-R-A-R-A-I'm a fat. Well, that's the command here, okay? Just this for you. So let's get some of our good. We don't want it to get the Arab street, I've said, by excluding Yasar. Because like, uh, Joe finds it. There's nothing worse than pissing off the Arab street. I'd like, I'd like to stick to you, Clines Carcus out there right in the middle of some Arab street. Let them have a good time with them. That's what I think he'll show you. Jackass, you stumbled in. You fair, you twizzling. Sell out. Fony. He's as fondly as a 414 dollar bill. Joe Cline. He ain't too mighty fine, I'll tell you that. 560560, give him the numbers. I'll just pretend that I want to take some of these calls. I might. You never know. Sure. Surprise. I got to story about the retired Army Lieutenant Colonel who's on a no-fly list. You see that? Nope. Oh, this is a huge story. If Ohio State Representative Robert Higgins proposal becomes law, Republicans would be barred from adopting. Do you do that? All right. Solid. Good plan. Wednesday night, Higgins wrote a mock proposal to counter went into this by state representative Ron Hood, Republican of Ashville, aimed at banning gay adoption. I wonder if the name Hood is just an accident or if there's something like Cindy. Oh, yeah. I think so. Higgins said that could have also referred to shows that adopted children raised in Republican households are more at risk for developing emotional problems. Social stigma's inflated egos and alarming lack of tolerance for others. They've been different from them so and and there of over confidence to master insecurities. For his part, representative Hood's legislation backed by either the conservative Republican lawmakers would prefer 22,000 Ohio children to languish in foster care rather than be adopted or fostered by gay parents. What is it about Ohio and Florida rights bill Robinson on Yahoo? I think Yahoo is appropriate for this story too. What is it about Ohio and Florida? There's always trouble brewing. I don't know if there's a problem with their voting machines, lots of dead white people who vote and lots of living black people are allowed to. Then I'm going to have something else in common. The irrational and probably insincere fear of gay adoption. Gay adoption. Oh, my God. Say it out loud in a crowded room. And just imagine who looks you're going to get. Gay adoption. Oh, my God. Coincidence? No, rather the resusa that they managed to observe between colorful pie charts. The second front of the culture wars that began in 2004. These closely divided states barely handed WD election in 2000 and 2000 for at least allegedly. And it was a large part of the gay marriage issue on about which got the faithful out of their trailers into the polls. As the Sigourney we would say, nice trailer. This election year, however, they got a new tactic, stopped the gays from helping our wanted children. Actually, Florida has had that covered since 1977. Thanks to the Anita Bryant law. But this week, Ohio joins 15 other states by introducing this kind of homophobic Republican base fading measure. In fact, the backers have said that if it fails in the assembly which it will, they'll fight to get it on the fall ballot. Never mind, in fact, that there are virtually no credible studies that you had verse effects and get adoption of parenting. Ron Hood wants to save the children of Asheville, Ohio. And who is Ron Hood? He's a no-neck, probably flashing his three-month-old daughter on his pro-family website. He's endorsed by the NRA. They love his voting against the proposal and have done all your locked up firearms at home and is voting to allow concealed weapons anywhere. He's against abortion in the RU486 pill, anti-union and is devoted to repeal the minimum wage in Ohio. His background is in construction, needless to say he won the outstanding young conservative award in 2000. Ron Hood is up for election and he's learned less than a whole Ohio way to shoot. He's playing hateful policies, he's done nothing in his decade in the state of House to help children. Except in sure more than our born appearance will want them, with hope that they'll grab working for less than a minimum wage before being traveled to Hanziel Reppen. Ron Hood would deny homes to children who need them, he would deny children to families who want them. He has the bastard spawner last year, Roe of campaigns. He is emblematic of the future of the surely divisive Republican party. He is the face of evil, minus the neck. As a 43 or lesbian mom and Ohio 12th of Cincinnati inquire, it's like having someone put a KKK cross in your front yard, in some of the opinion you're not right. The crazy thing is they're the ones who have the hatred in their heart. They're the ones who have the fear in their heart. I'm just raising kids in pain taxes, you be saying. According to the latest ABC poll, most Americans believe law engaged without physical ideas. Most Americans want never stops the cynical political forces that work in Ohio during an election year, and as we've learned the hard way, the rest of us can never afford to overlook what happens in Ohio. Like that fixed vote in 2004. Speaking of vote, watch about a group question. 2000 Florida vote. We'll get to that. Well, I'm just about to talk about too much of this today, man. I'm laying down on the floor. They're not talking no more. And speaking of no more, we ain't got no more. Although we do have no national gardener, I think. I thank God that he elucidated us about that before he left you not. Now, what's going on there? Long be careful. They still have everybody jammed about side. They say they capture him about a mile away from that airport. Now, the incident happened early this morning and it led to a 90-minute evacuation. I don't know about a thousand or a mile away from the air force. They reportedly did not find anything suspicious. Well, that's why everybody's still all milling around outside. They're still looking maybe they'll plant something suspicious in there. So we can all be thinking about, oh, thank God for whatever it is for 9-11. I mean, 7-11. Isn't that what the Bush people are most people saying, thank heaven for 7-11? The Bush grass is thank heaven for 9-11. What do you think? Yeah. You know what they pray every day? Yeah. The Bushes and band are Bush and their friends in the Saudi Arabia. And the Saudi friends in their UAE friends and all their other, and all these other wonderful Middle Eastern democracies, baby. Yeah, we're freeing them on the march. This is Neil Rogers. That means how did they get to those smugglers? 16-18. Oh, I'm going to the girls. Get me! Mechamouse. From this is the latest theme park in beautiful Damascus, Syria. Kids are small, mine, after all. So we're passing up taking the kids to Disney Damascus, you know, because they blow up so fast. Come see space, nothing cave out. Mr. Ben Laden's wild ride. Scuds like your space-ringers spin. Insurgences the Caribbean. And especially Indian Jones in the Temple of Thome. And by the way, sure, please film the trips and her allerages for not wearing a furtive. But what the hell's the matter with you people? I don't know what you've been spoken, but ever since Scooby Blooms out, I've heard of the old man, and I've tried to spread the words that cartoons are about as real as world class as an induced technical and dream people. So come visit us. It isn't in world Damascus. We're Donald Duck doesn't wear pants, but our women are covered. And where tomorrow landed set, in 1352. And for all you in videos, am I, see? See you soon. K-E-Y. Why? Because we hate you. And I'm all you, ass. Oops. Oh, we've probably shouldn't play it again. We'll fury at the Arab street. I asked the question that it's okay to make a fund of, what's his name Muhammad, you know, audibly? And every week I'd have was, yeah, we got to call it saying, yeah, it's okay. I see. It's not an image. On the other hand, you can make those grave images. But we can say, but that's not even them. That's the Indian Mon. They'll do it. What's that bit? It's, um, uh, cast Stevens. Right. Right. Right? Yes. I don't want to play the whole thing. Hello, this is Albert Kider from Charlie Van Records. That's all you've made to the Indian video. Following this, that Stevens collection. You know, Muhammad is right. But sinking head after body. Got a machete with the real sharp blade. How I wish I had an American hostage. And it blows into the frame. I was only shooting this classic. I was all prepared. And suddenly, the change. They're matches I can burn. And where's how am I? I was on my own. I mean followed by an X-16. But on to, they won with... The money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were to find a skin. And a rag. If you want a detainee. I don't want a variation of a classic one. I ask myself every day. With some American shoes. Tell me who would you promise me. I'll be shooting another one. I'm telling you the man I'm a woman. She lives in a very unexplored sense. So by you catch even collections of paper, 1995. Or you can pay with me some nicer card or weapons of a nice detractor. Who are you? There you go. Good one. Just 17% of Americans believe Dubai ports will shouldn't be allowed to purchase operating rights in several US ports. A vastness and reports survey found that 64% disagree. And believe the sales should not be allowed. Just 39% of Americans even know that the operating rights are currently owned by a foreign firm. The Brits say, although not the British government. 15% believe the operating rights are US on while 46% are not sure. In other words, basically dumb. From a political perspective, President Bush's national security credentials have been clearly been tarnished due to the uncroutable issue. For the first time ever Americans have a slight preference for Democrats in Congress over the present on national security issues. 43% of the trust that Democrats mourn this issue today. 41% today prefer dumbbo. How do you like that? 27% of Americans in the U.S. are not fully informed. Should be allowed to buy any companies in the US. Well, that's a joke. Well, for example, I'm a waste. Yeah. Foreign ownership of specific US industries. You want to hear the percentages for an own? Okay. I already went to the bathroom. I've been in the bathroom for a few of these. Sound recording in the streets 97% for none. Come out of any contracts, dealing in brokerage, 79%. Motion picture and sound recording industry is 75% for none. Metal or mining, 65%. Motion picture and video industries, 64%. Why not raise into stories? 64% like that silly Brit you had on your own Friday. Data based directly in other publishers, 63% book publishers, 63% cement concrete lime and gypsum product, 62%. Engine turbine and power transmission equipment, 57%. Rubber product, 53%. 53% of your rubbers are for an own. Non-mitton probably have little holes per person, too. Non-mittonally mineral product manufacturing, 53%. Plastics and rubber product manufacturing, 52%. And it goes on. Borlard tank and shipping containers, 30%. Sugar and confectionary product, 48%. And advertising and related services, 41% for an own. Pharmaceutical and medicine. So we get back to that pool and what was it percent? 27% of Americans don't believe foreign firms would be allowed to buy any companies in US. You go back to that scene and network where he screamed with a few herbs and bought up the whole day and couldn't remember that. Right. And the CCA deal must stop it now, whatever he screamed. That was great. He wanted a neat deep in telegrams and the last check when Robert Duval called when Tom Hagen was at his name and that was in the Godfather. What was his name? Oh geez. They never tacked. Frank Hacker. They were up to their arpids that were drowning in telegrams at the White House. 56% of them probably ought to sneak a few calls in your day if you're like we're cheating the audience out of their opportunity to throw in their one or two cents. Yeah, somehow. Yeah. Come in to QA, I'm hello. Mr. Ivy. Okay. If I could reminisce for just a second, I would like for you to think back to the 2004 presidential debate. And I would like to ask you, what do you think the Republican response would be? If John Kerry stood up and said, I think that six of the major shipping points in his country should be run by an Arab country. What do you think their response would be on that day? Oh my God. Okay. I'm just kind of wondering, do you happen to know that if you just happen to get a wild hand of your blood one day and you want to go to this UAE, you went over there, you're right bit for some reason and you wanted to buy property. Did you know that you're not allowed to buy property? How did you want to? You also know that the UAE is on the, it's on the, the government's list of countries that Americans are advised not to visit. That's absolutely correct. That is correct. I know that. You're feeling that. Whoa, what a interesting story regarding the guy who tricks yours. Just, just, your body there sits there with a whole deck of zombies. I would like to dedicate Tommy Rose Sweetpeter, that guy. Okay. Oh no. If you've got sweet pea by Tommy Roe, I do. Oh no. But then he part of the Popeye family there. But they're all, the one they're all kin. King. Sweet. Sweet. I'm going to hear it. Don't. It only comes up so fast. You know. Why is that? It's a regular computer. It ain't a DCS. I think that's how the DC criminal markets are. I don't know how you understand. This is your face. 66. How you all said? Tommy Row. He was so pretty weak. Anyway, just had something fantastic. I was going to mind about the UAE. Yeah. Americans are advised to not travel to the UAE because there's a great threat of terrorist attacks on Westerners, especially Americans in the UAE. And yet these are the people. This is the country all the nationally owned company that your president has made this back to our deal. Let's pretend he didn't know about it. Right. Now, how many vetoes has the president done in the since he's been in office? Tell me in the number zero. Correct. Zero. And yet he is herniatic. You know, does it take a genius to figure out why this, this hernia is busting inside of his, what's left of his brain? Why the Bush family is so obsessed in the adamant adamant time? Like they said, network adamant time. And insistent, this deal's going to go through. And if you try to like have some, and that's why they got this 45 day cooling up here. And that's just a dog to show you to try to get you get all their lobbyists in there with Bob Dole and all these other foes that are on the other on the dole, right? So they can go in there and twist enough arm so they're thinking not over right to veto. This is a business deal, okay? This is a business deal between the Bush family and the Arabs again, okay? And if that's what America wants, if that's what you people want, then thank God, I'm not there. This is a new Rogerace. This is by 62A. America loves to watch boobs and butts and bite it. Uh, okay, I'll be helping you do that. Hey, when you believe to be having a fluke, they're being a sailor. We are a lazy, we are not a dog anymore. We're afraid that there's not a beach above. We're scared, we're going to eat. We're going to be back. We're going to be so bad. And you're meant to have a good offer. We don't know what's going to happen. We don't know what's going to happen. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. He's all emotional as usual. He's crying about it. So, somebody fenced us the biography of Catherine Armstrong of the city. Warren Idzdahl and Catherine Armstrong both worked for major investment firms at the time of their 82 wedding, with the pain-webber, a group marrying a Smith-Barnie bride, how sweet. During the 2000 Bush campaign, the venueary couple still were managed to share to come and share their tracking number. Catherine is the daughter of pioneer Tobin Armstrong and heir to the Fable Armstrong King Ranch fortunes from other animals who was K-Billy Hutchinson's best friend, helped launch the senator's careers in public and national committee co-chair in 71. As Texas treasure in the early 1990s, K-Billy Hutchinson was a real redneck, returned the favor by having Armstrong's son, and law warned Idzdahl as a top aide. But Hutchinson fired him after a short tenure, Warren Idzdahl was also an executive at health and life insurance companies for several years in the late 90s. Then Governor George W. Bush appointed Catherine Idzdahl to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission 99. The Idzdahl's divorced in Catherine reclaim her maiden name after Bush's juvenile successor appointed Catherine Shirley Commission. This heir apparent to the Armstrong Ranch residers state post in 2003, citing her need to make a living for her three children. Armstrong said it a lobbying is one possible career move. Wow, how do you like that, huh? All these rich drunks get together and go on a little or shoot a mission, shoot and fish in a barrel, and you know that my animal can't hurt. Oh yeah, can't hunt. They need even to make a sound. Never, I never cared for that, you know, especially this tomato paste, yeah, for God, whether what you do with it. Oh, no, maybe even water down and drink it, I don't know. Sure, author Dan Brown appeared in court today in London. At the start of a trial, which two historians say he copied the work to write that of inchie code, best seller in our syviness British publisher. See, I don't understand why anybody waste their time. Well, no, I do understand. Because people are brainwash. Well, anybody waste their time reading about Jesus and Mary Magdalene and all these silly stories. Why? You know, we talk about the Kennedy assassination and about the Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King assassinations and all the doubts that are still alive. Then that's in most of our lives or many of our lifetimes. And yet, here just two weeks ago, we had this corpus Christi, Cheney shoot him up and go on. And the public's never going to know the truth. Never. Because if these secrets, service guys decide to go like, to be in choir where somewhere, and open up a mouth and sell a story, they're going to see them, no, no way, no, how? The old smear and smear and, you know, if worst comes to work, you just got eliminated them all together when it got rubbed up. And so all of this fascination that obsession with garbage that allegedly happened thousands of years ago, that was written about years and years after. It was no printing press, okay, there was no fountain pen. There was no copying machine. It was no internet, okay? Jesus, they didn't even have bar mitzves back then. I don't think maybe they did. Yeah, today I am a fountain pen. Maybe that's where they wrote it. Maybe the old times you wrote it last stuff with their fountain pens, I got for bar mitzves, I think. That could be. I really did wrote with a quill. I don't think anybody could feel the rest of the old fashions quote, not a good idea today because they might be the bird-suit. Oh, I had to doubt about that. Yeah, but it's not a good idea. Richard Lee and Michael Byjong are suing all Michael Byjong. I wonder what track he drives at. What if he's kind of a mario by Arjong? Are suing their own publisher random house for lifting the whole architecture of the research to win in their 82 non-fiction book, the Holy Blood and the Holy Grail itself of Seller? Rounds religious to her has more than 36 million copies in print worldwide, and has upset Catholics good for suggesting Jesus Mary Mary Magdalene had a child buyer. The same theories put forward in the Holy Blood, the Holy Grail. All bubble micees. But I do know there was an Abraham and there was a Solomon, Abraham Solomon. Lord is on both sides of the case of decline to come and how the trauma affects the elderly, hugely successful novel, or the distribution of a major Hollywood adaption which so many pictures plans to release in May. That, that, that, each or another, you know, you jackass Jonathan James, I'm telling you the Mel Gibson. I wasn't speaking to you. This is certainly not what I'm thinking about Friday again. Jonathan James did not have the best come in there. Like a polygyrycy with him. So Sarah, I got your ass in hot water. No, she gave me a little bit of a smoke. If you thought that Neil was going to have a problem with this, you should have told me in the first place and I wouldn't have done it. She said that. Well, I'm not in those words, but she actually said that. No, not in those words. I'd slap that picture around a little bit. She didn't know it. It was me. Jonathan James representing Bajra and Lee, told the high court that Dan Brown copied from the Holy Blood and Holy Grail. And therefore, the publication that the result by the defendant is in infringement of the copyright of my client in the UK. Random house owned by German media conglomerate Bertelsman, see that? Random house is owned by the African Germans. Ah, deliver. Have dismissed the claim as without merit and succeed the last October and having a substantial part of the case, be by the historians drop to them. Commentators have put it out that a major character in 41 year old Brown's books are lead, TVing, or TVing, T-E-A-B-I-N-G. But there's the T-Rum and the T-Time and the T-Break and all, Boyd Os Brits, what a silly bunch. Has an aim that's an endogram of Lee and Bajra on. Huh? A third author of the 82 book Henry Lincoln is decided to stay out of it. They might force him to go see that play again. Late last August, Brown, my recording against another writer, Lewis Perdue. I wonder if he was Kim Du, who claimed that eventually cop, a cop-e-elman of two is now the daughter of God and the eventually legacy. Perdue had 750 million bucks in damages and asked the court to block his commission of the book and the movie adaptation, which features Tom Hanks alongside Fr. Ackre's Audrey Tatoo. Is that how you say her name? Yes, for me. Audrey Tatoo. The Depelane. Yeah, is he playing maybe she's a magic? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. All the bubble mice is all the time and you wonder what's going on here, man. It's been going on for five, six thousand freaking years already in the rest of us are caught in the gannin and the crosshairs of this thing. The freaking Jews in the Arabs, man. The Arabs in the Jews in the Jews in the Arabs and Israel in the Palestinians and Iraq and Iran and Iran as fast as I can't. And the freaking Saudis in the UAE would all are oil and the, you know, and don't forget about the co-edians, man, who are busy getting laden and gambling in the France while we're in the Arab Hill and the ransom, get their country back and go forward double. Oh, no. Remember those days? Sorry, dude. Now, how is the democracy coming in Kuwait? Any relations over there yet? Oh, yeah, yeah. Freedom's on the march, baby. Just can't wait for those of like any idea. And I just stop and think about it. After they got caught in all their lives about the weapons and mass destruction in the 11 and the right and out, Thailand and Iraq. After all that, and it pumped up this idea about creating the role I role model for democracy in the Middle East. Oh, yeah. Wouldn't it be something if all the Middle East and countries could be just as civilized and peaceful and as rational as what's going on in Iraq right now? They will be, so, yeah. Syria and Lebanon, all those basins are freedom and democracy. Jordan, Egypt. But, of course, first and foremost, of course, not to mention Pakistan with its dictator rather president who took over an a bloodless coup. Ku Ku Hichu. I heard his bloody, myself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And, of course, Osama's over there hanging it out. He says, yeah, you ain't going to get me, man. I don't know. I guarantee he's probably been put up in some hotel in the French Riviera. Just like Greg Reid and Scran, remember that whole deal with OJ, they flew him in and they put him up in the hotel, stuck him in that golf tournament. Just a stick into us. I guarantee they probably got in. That's why you see these nice pretty soon. You're going to see the nice pastel backgrounds that you see on the Oprah show. That's what Osama and Osama are going to be taping their messages too pretty soon. Yeah, and in fact, you might be there with him for all we know. She might want to have shot on some of those shows. Can't you just see that? With the livers? Yeah, she might, she might get because he's allegedly got that kidney problems. She might give Osama a new kidney. I don't like that. Christ. Put that hotline ring. Oh, how about it? Ku I am Batline. Hello. Hey, Neil. What a great answer. Who is it? Woody Graver. Yeah, what do you call on this line for? Are you thinking of some big shot or something? I thought it was so important. Well, sometimes I'm important. Yeah, I wouldn't tell you. Anyway, I'm not sure. Audrey tattoo is a great actress. She's wonderful. She was in that French movie, Amelie. Oh, yeah. I'll take your word for it. Christ makes me vomit. Well, you know, they have some good points. I haven't seen you yet. Yeah, well, let's bring that to Frank Daniel. Thanks. Thanks to those French Canadians, the separatist, the Quebecers, the Quebec law. Yeah, I was up in Montreal while I go home. I'm sorry. Why did I? Why did I? Why did I French go around? You think you got a language problem in South Florida, baby. You ain't seen nothing yet. Oh, yeah. You don't speak French, they're man. But a thing. That's it. That's it. That's it. Definitely. Regret your picture. Regret your picture. You're not picturing it. Regret pretty good. Yeah. You see that finger that was for you, Woody? Yeah, that was a wonderful thing to wake up through this morning. Was it really? Yes. Well, it was really something. I had a Todd Drec came in and told me that it was in there. He told me it was in there. Of course I had already read it last night when he first put it online. Because you know, since they came to my husband took all those pictures, it's probably a pretty good idea that I knew it was coming today. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're a star. What do we say? You're a god. I'll tell you one thing, man. You're sure you sure made the move. How long ago did you get out of Buffalo? What year? 1970 something. Well, I'm going to say that I can't say too many other places where it's a benefit to go to South Florida from. But that's where it's one of them. I want you know, I watch all the network affiliate, the newscast. Have we known the weather? Oh, God. And on most days, like we've had maybe a total of five inches, so I'll win her a total. Right now there's basically none. Well, every single day I'm watching on channel, whatever it is, I'm Buffalo. Every single day we also have six inches here and four to seven inches there and a foot in this southern tier and it just goes on. It's just pathetic. Oh, God. Well, I had shoveled enough snow in my lifetime for more than one lifetime, so I figured that was time to get out. Yeah, I noticed Maria's in arrow disappeared. When Ellen Chegos, she was on there for while in Buffalo. Really? I didn't know that. Yeah, she was there for quite a while. Oh, wow. She wiseved up. She got there all out. But again, Buffalo's lost. Well, thanks really, I good news, Woody. Take care. No, I'm YouTube. I took you either out of call or just maybe as potty's hell fell off. We haven't even been good luck with guys with ponytails on over as much Lewis. Oh, no, I have a ponytails anymore. Well, and that's why we like him so much. You've got to put your size. You're a real Roger. You're a man, a space 562A space. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Celebrity, justice. Nick, what happened? The Lutheran Lutheran all day on Saturday. Huh? He was a higher extent in there. He was dressed in an orange, I turned and shot a parry. He was hooked on the right side of his face. And he was, I'm sure, stunned. Obviously. You think? It's the first time I'd ever hunted parry. What? There's no, it's not a very small. I guess not. The other hunter and I, then, when we're hunting, and quail and walked about out of yards and another direction. He just got a bird. You guys continue to hunt? Exactly. That's what we did. We're doing. Oh, I'm waiting. Obviously. What were you thinking? I have no idea. So everything is just this. Oh, no one is fast hidden friend. Oh, Christ. David, moving for Dante, huh? Which one? Oh, here it is. Just a didn't. Man, I would have been bad. What's about the United Arab Emirates, for all of us, you planning your summer vacations? Oh, okay. Oh. Were you thinking of checking it out? I heard the whole thing. Oh, they were big ones, Winkier. The Bush administration has stated repeatedly that the United Arab... Oh, okay. Enough, enough, enough, enough, enough, enough. Oh, my God. 400 pages already. Stop. Stop. Stop. Wow. Okay, when it does that? Yeah. The Bush administration has stated repeatedly that the United Arab Emirates has a reliable partner in the war on radical Islamic terrorist. But if the UAE is such a stable, dependable friend of the US, then why is the United States state to permit warning Americans on the dangers of traveling to the United Arab Emirates? Good question. The State Department says in its current travel advisory, Americans in the United Arab Emirates have exercised a high level of security awareness, American should maintain a low profile and very roots and times for all required travel. That's right. Our State Department is issuing a travel advisory for the UAE, the other D.P. world that would take over operation of terminals at 6 major US ports. This is from CNN and the US State Department. The United States of course is not only the only government considered about its citizens well for the UAE, Britain advised its citizens to avoid large gatherings and beware of the threat of terrorism. The Australian government says we continue to receive reports that terrorists are planning attacks against Western interests in the United Arab Emirates. Canada is currently advising its citizens on the threat of terrorist attacks in the UAE as well. Now, I'm just going to read what this is from what the State Department says. Okay. Safety and security. I don't want to read all this. It'll take good till midnight. Americans in the UAE should exercise a high level of security awareness. The Department of State remains considered about the possibility of terrorist attacks against US citizens and interests throughout the world. American should maintain a low profile, very roots and times for all required travel, and cheap mail and packages from unfamiliar sources with caution. In addition, US citizens are in so-a-board contact with any suspicious unfamiliar objects and report the presence of the obvious local authorities. The vehicle should not be looked unattended like Beth's car, if it all possible, and should be kept locked at all times. US government personnel overseas have been advised to take the same precautions. In addition, US government facilities may temporarily close this suspend public services from time to time as necessary to review their security posture and insurance adequacy. Taking photos of potentially sensitive military or civilian sites and engaging in mapping activities, especially mapping which includes the use of GPS equipment without coordination with UAE authorities may result in arrest, detention, and or prosecution by local authorities. Don't leave out de-capitation. Countrywide transfer to us impose stringing penalties for certain violations, especially grabbing on the influence of alcohol or maybe duck hunting. In the UAE, there is zero tolerance for driving after consumption of booze. Penteleb's may include hefty jail sentences and fines for Muslims, even those who hold a US citizenship and lashings. Oh yeah. I'm under the assembly like violations. To lashings. Persons involved in the accident, which in other parties injured automatically go to jail until the injured person released from the hospital. Should a person die in the traffic accident to drive with the other vehicle is liable for a payment of compensation for the death, known as thea, usually the equivalent of the 55,000 US bucks. Even relatively minor actions may result in lengthy proceedings, during which both drivers may be prohibited from leaving the country. Yeah. Coads of behavior and dress in the UAE reflect the coverage of his law and traditions that are more conservative than those of the US. Visitors to the UAE should be respectful of this conservative heritage, especially in the Emirate of Shardjah, where rules of the East and the Republican are strictly enforced. Female travelers should keep in mind the cultural differences among the many people that co-exist in the UAE, and should be cognizant that unwitting actions may invite unwanted attention to them. Isolated instance of verbal and physical harassment of Western women have occurred. Victims have harassed men have occurred to report such instances the West Embassy in Abu Dhabi, or the Consolant General in Dubai. Abu Dhabi do. Legislation enacted in January, 96 imposes the death sentence for convicted drug traffickers. Some drugs, to normally normally take under a doctor's supervision in the US, even some over-the-counter US drugs and medications are classified as narcotics in the UAE and are illegal to possess. Drinking or possession of alcohol without a ministry of interior liquor permit is illegal, and could result in arrest, and or fines, and imprisonment. Religious proselytizing is not permitted in the UAE, person's filing this law, even unknowingly may be imprisoned. Well, it's just freedom land over there, right there. Ha ha ha ha, man. Woo, heavy. Oh, tell me, baby. The UAE are good partners in the crime, at least the version's partners in crime. Rams would slime all the time. Oh, school lockdown after Mount Lyon seen nearby somewhere, and looks like California to me. I see a bunch of palm trees, and looks much too, a California to be lecturer, don't it? Police cars are on this side. In this KTV, that's pretty good in two, it's their lay. And for you and update on that whole boy. Altanyne, California. We got tourists out there, but we got that airport that was all locked down for a while, because the guy was running around like crazy at Wild diarrhea. He had a go-in problem, man. So he had just a go-in problem. What is the honest name in sports today? We got 831 votes. We could have made our 1000 today, but why push heavy duty, you know? Indeed. We got bigger fish to fry. Keep saying that. Oh, man, this is a martygroth. Anybody want to go to Norrley in 20th century? No. All in. Big trickle, 225. I hate this pool one 39. I hate sports 90. A lot of haters in South Florida, good reason to be out of there. Cocoa, crisp 80. Think of Blue Street 15. You know the most exciting thing I did when I was in Florida? I did. Which one? Oh, well. Pick up my drug. That's a thrill. Take a Blue Street 58. Dick pound 47. Dick 1223. Plexico Burris 22. Dick butt kiss 21. Kevin Pizznoggle 14. Shack is got 13. I thought that was Danny's number. Nice to check you, Logan. I've been both calls nine. Yang Yang nine. Well, who is Yang Yang? Does Josh know who that is? No. Sorry. I know. How about Langling? Yeah. The brick ashore Ferguson. Eight. Maybe he was on that overnight sports or we used to. Was that somebody in the brick? What was that show? TJ. TJ in a brick? Maybe that's he was the TJ in the brick ashore. I mean, if it's good enough for the juice there on 790. Oh, boy, you talk about it. And that Jim DeFease man. I had a channel before. I have never seen anything. So he made Dave game look like Brad Pitt. I have never seen anything so unsuitable to be on TV. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. That sounds like something from the line six time. I'm going to go to the end of the day. Maybe that's what they say. Mickey Klot six, Miroshetan six, Satan. Ron tug that five, Lake Speed four, Nadine and Thomas in. For a three. Kabuki Jones three, Cheryl Pounder three, X, X Ray Hib two. Johannes Herber two. They, they don't know who that is. They did seem in two. Lance Pitt like two, Radic Bunk two. Nice going here. I'm going to go straight up three hours later. The eight points two. Tobias Anger were two. Yes, your airfits, Sati, is got one. This is last name. Yes, your Amaphort, Sati. Uh, Ontario Smith one. Steve Bowling one, J. Baller one and Jeff Ball one. Ball and baller. Non for stiff on the alcohol that casits because they're hockey players. Nobody were hurt him down there. Rock will immediately none. To chaos fights none. Joey God's in a God speed none. The happy sow Jeff Pear is that T.P. So Jeff Payne Sean Corx and Joey Chief out of eight hundred and forty five boats. All got the big. Well, by the way, Yang Yang is a speed skater. Wow. I skater. Yes, that's all right. Well, what do you want to do is just having in it. We should be right on top of that. She's probably, you know, as we said, they're ready to go. And he went over to shoot. I'll try butter. There were no sports. It was hockey, such a great. And then that was in. I'm going to say it for the empty time, whether it's basketball, hockey, raining else. Professional players from professional sports league have got absolutely no business playing in the Olympics, okay? All the Zee-nefolian boy, you talk about people psychotic. Oh, man, when Canada lost at the quarterfinal game, oh, my god. No metal, no gold, no bronze, no silver, no sliver, no nothing. And you would have thought that we just been invaded by Bulgaria or something. I mean, just unbelievable. Well, all of the one good thing is that everybody pissed off at Griske against it, that's good. WDQAM Hello. Morning. Yes, sir. Sounds chronic to me. WQAM Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a name for the poll. Yes. How about the C.L. Mariners pitcher, JJ? What? JJ? Puts? Yeah. How could he be? I would tell you, been a golfer when you. I didn't see it. They want to look for a while ago. They didn't hear the news just said on the air. Oh, okay. Thanks. Yeah. Got it. JJ Puts? We got it. Puts? WQAM Hello. Not there. WQAM Hello. What about the C.L. Mariners pitcher? QAM. Puts? Puts line, yes, sir. I think it's all you. I'm a C.L. What about the C.L. Mariners pitcher? WQAM Hello. Hi. Bye. Providence, you have to see. I think I made the right decision today. I just had that feeling. Yeah. Put it in your gut. I went with my gut and my gut is just fine. I got like four out of five times. What a rough bedtime story. And I think you're going to be here a lot more from now on. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I think you're going to be here a lot more from now on. Oh, if my ears. Oh, please. Do that. Yeah. My ears resolution is quite waste in time with the same. I have it as an idiot. After 30 years of this. I've turned my effort as a team. Well, it has changes in that regard. It's got much worse. Much, much worse. Just what he thought couldn't get any worse. It gets much, much worse. I think some. I think they're changing out of go visit some of those folks. You know, we just don't get them massage. Or throw. Or get all passed one. If you want to see a great movie, you get crash. Okay? Right. In fact, when is that on DVD official? I don't know, but I think it might be out already. I think March 1. And if you watch it again, because I've already seen a twice. You want to miss it a whole lot of little things at the first time. Sure. I'm going to watch it again. And well, as one of the best things I see in a long, short, long time. Tight like all the way through. Oh, and let me also say this to you. And because how can I figure out this? What movie does it remind you? Very, very much of a night. Really? Yeah. First of all, the first movie you have on line compared to the magnitude. Because it's a bunch of personal stories about people and families who seem to be disconnected. But if you watch the whole thing, you'll see that they're all, all their lives are interwoven together. We really like like Magnolia, but no frogs. And they ended all the story. And then, of course, the ending, you know, and the same with Magnolia, there could have been more. We're going to find out more about certainly about some of the characters. I don't want to give anything away. No, I'm sure you could have seen a lot more about what's his name. Yeah. I can't remember his name only the way he talked. Oh, I know the movie. What's that was his name? Ryan Philippe. How come I just forgot it, too? I think it was just not a simply. I remember by thinking about the way he talked. He doesn't talk that way. No, not in this movie. Not in real life. He didn't talk that way in the 24 studio 24, whatever. That's right. He's 24, 54. Talk a little more like that. You didn't see them or we could see it. You did? That's because you saw my sister, my naked there. Yeah. Yeah. One 14, Mike Myers playing at the, yeah. And that whoever the owner's name was is 54. I, you know, something he was so good at. Will be Mike, Mike, my name, we're going to realize it was simple. I'll almost the end of the movie. You're right. Me too. He's great. Good Canadian boy Mike Myers, eh? When you're shopping for shoes by now, please tell me that you know where to go. Brandy shoes and Pomponobie. You've been telling about these fine folks for years now. You can't be to combination waiting for you. It's a brandy's because they've got the best selection of name brand shoes that you've had possibly find anywhere. They've got the lowest prices in town all the time. I'm feeling special every week for you. And they've got professional sales holes. They're who know how to really take care of you and your feet and give you a perfect fit every time. They've got rock pour, foreshime, echo, new balance, essay as my fist to all the others too. Just ask for Arnie when you go in. How much should you get the perfect fit at the right price every time. In fact, Brandy's even specialized in wide widths as well. So Brandy's is worth your trip from anywhere in South Florida for comfort style. Fit value and selection always, think please. Brandy shoes. It's 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomponobie. Open daily 9 to 9 and Sunday's 10 to 5 and this week is a great time to buy new balance at Brandy's. All great men's and women's styles are 10 to 20 bucks off. So we sure to get your rest in the store or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com. And we sure, sure, and tell them when you go in that dry and schmutz sent you by. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. There's a lot of lecture wondering how I knew everyone used calls since 2002. I know you had a promise before, but thanks to me, you don't have it no more. It's no big deal, don't have a cow. Just be because yes, I can hear you now. Don't you know that I heard it through your phone line. A turning, general says it's just fun. Baby, I heard it through your phone line. The length 30, so will read your mind. You know what's coming. You heard it through your phone line and we're hoping that you don't mind baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And your heart outsmone, you rubbish. Huh? All right, it was a turning, a graphic. Very why? I don't know why, and we got some of you. See, I'll see. Oh man, can you say moron? One nineteen and five sixty wq a m. I said you're a great website. Yeah, and I'm getting more and more stuff from there. In fact, I just sent Josh 400 stories from there during the break. Capital Hill blue. No. Raw story. Oh, I love raw story. Have for a long time. Do you love her raw? Yeah, I have her story to say. Oh, here's one for the pull by the way from DP. Crap, Ponzo Thorpe. Why receiver Kansas City choose. Now, you say that crap, Ponzo. Maybe that's how you say it. Now, what are they calling for? Craft. Crapy. We're just playing. Oh, no. I guess I think that's a bad place. What it is. Democratic Congressmen calls for subpoena of Halibut and profits and led it to chairman Davis, advanced to raw story. Henry Waxman outlines over $250 million in Halibut and charges recruited by defense department auditors. Representative Waxman is asking the committee on government reformed the subpoena documents related to the charges. Letter follows. We'll have to hold it around our website tomorrow because I just sent it to a what's his name. The honorable time by hitting his letter. We're just a part of it. Today, the New York Times revealed that the Army Corps of Engineers has awarded the Halibut over $250 million in cost reimbursements, profits and bonuses for billings that defense department auditors determined to be unreasonable and supported. The defense department provided no adequate explanation for this irresponsible action. It's done with holding relevant documents about its compensation determinations from the committee for almost a year. And it goes on to talk about the excessive and unsubstantiated cost and but it's in great detail, Halibut and again, raping the public for your vice president and everybody else is fine and profit, except yours. I'd be like that. I don't want greasy for the pool. That's interesting. I don't want greasy. You think Bob greasy? Yes. So it's happy happy been. Mr. Sins W. Y. and C. Knight, Tom and Tom, I have to say thanks a lot Tom and thanks to the grease mice we see. The great, the original grease man. George, a congressman failed to declare Abamok client, who have been supported client servers. Boy, what do I tell you about that? Deca cars man, about the dog game of Domino's and all they all come tumbling down and I tell you that. Several months ago. Yeah, you did. And you kind of poo pooed me at the time. Cocka still. Poo pooed. About what? I don't see anything significant happening yet. Are you talking about the government or a QAM? All of the above. 878 votes if we really push we'd get 970 during the show. We'll be really fed when the Josh is camp because he's got several different jobs. He's going to be doing pretty soon. Now why did you let them out one thing? Because I really won't have the time. But how do you know that? If you're other deal is still in flux. Well, I'm going to be doing it. It's just a matter of how much should I do in what? The other deal. Yeah. I'm going to be working on power. I just don't know what my pace situation is going to be. There's still hagling. Why is that? Why can't I? I can't only imagine the numbers we're talking about. They kind of bucks it to go to pay you. Well, a story short. You're not related to anybody there in the building. Well, all your mother works there. And she. She does, actually. Well, like I said, so you were out the back. Connected. That's another next to 10 grand right there. Well, obviously not. Not related to the right person in the building. Is that it? That's it. Nice. And here I thought you would tell me about all these big changes that were coming. But if you put a blue thing in, you can't listen. Everything was cool. Everything was cool over here. Everything was even approved. But yes. And offer came back from the the Naples people. I guess. It's outside. And it was something that basically I would turn down. So we're working on that still. That's all I got. Offer came back from the Naples side. What's all this happened? I'm going to talk about that. That would be cool. I'm over there. Even before you came into the building. You know how that works. Like the studios were going to be such and such. And then it came back from the other side. It's something that they lie a lot. Is that what you're saying? I didn't say that. No, I said it. You said they lie to their teeth man. They lie and they stone wall and they stall. They play games. But if they don't want to cut loose with a cash baby, they don't want to cut loose with a cash. That's what it's all about. And we can have Joe Bell and Joe West and Joe South and Peter North and all these of them. We can have 50 of the greatest general managers in this three man kind. You're dealing with a measly beastly baby. Oh, you know, I read that. Yeah, why are you? Why is he going to do it? Because I did a really bad job. I was going to have a problem. I'm not trying to read that measly beastly. Don't get a position. It's been brought to our attention from outside sources. Since we never listened to radio anyway. That the only lucrative show we have on the air, the new Roger show, I believe it is, has been played in fire again. Now, this flies in the face of God and the FCC. Well, they're not really the FCC. But we know so little of broadcasting. We don't want to take any chances. Some's equipment as validates our fear of indicating Neil Schrell on our other stations. Not that I never would have occurred to us in the first place. We're much too busy convincing ourselves that we know what we're doing. After all, we are based in prestigious Ford Myers, a town that Oscar named after his Weedy. Suffice it to say if you want to feel important, run off the space above a seashell store in Fort Myers and get more cousin policy than that. Uh, uh, not to mention, uh, as a Florida based business, we benefit by not having to pay our bills or employees. Oh, no. That's the best I could do. Did that suffice? Yeah, we're still waiting for the remake though. It's in production. Oh, I see. Well, I mean, for the time being, I was at least to this coach, or anyway. We left the asphatoon out of that one. A Georgia congressman admitted a trip paid by a client of Fallen lobbyist Jack Abramoff from travel disclosure forms, even though he declared on his personal income filings, Ross story, his found. The congressman represented John Linder, Republican of Georgia. What a bunch of crackers in Georgia, baby. Took a five day trip to Puerto Rico with his wife and August 98. I bet you that Americans don't care for his kind, you know. In fact, he probably don't care for their kind either. The trip was paid for by the future of Puerto Rico Inc. A nebulous lobbying group that sought to advance Puerto Rican statehood and other island causes. In other words, Arizona's Puerto Ricans. The group was a client of Jack Abramoff, the former president of the country, but we put it through a lender. The longest serving Republican in the Georgia House delegation was first elected in 92. He sits on several power academies including ways and names in Homeland Security, and was chairman of the National Republican Curriculum Committee in 1996 to 98. Shortly after trips taken by former and Jordan leader Tom Delay began to attract attention to media last March. The A&P reported that 43 House members scrambled to publicly before their own trips paid for by special interest. Linder belatedly filed for nine trips, but the Puerto Rican trip remained markedly absent. Even Ricky Martin's looking into this. Linder should have filed a travel form shortly after his trip and couldn't have corrected it when he belatedly filed for other trips last year, failing to properly report sponsored travel as a violation of House rules. Linder's office amazing enough did not return and repeated calls for comment. I think like that. I don't. Like I said, discretion to the tip of the answer. Runners, Lou Dobbs, promo on CNN, he's foaming at the mouth, foaming. Man. We're like he's got. By the way, do you ever get a spider bite? Yeah, free put with sure. Yeah, me too. But I had that apartment Amsterdam. Yeah, that base of the itch. Oh, not not really. They hoied. This is the biggest spider bite. I was going to catch him a few days ago. I had gotten taken to garbage and put it down the shoot in the garbage room. And of course, I was wearing my walking shorts, not a pretty sight. And I came back and I was like, listen, I got a look as if the house was went down there for about ten minutes. Right. That's not why I came for my. I was looking down again and then I visited it. Yeah, which was지 for kilometres. Yeah. That's why I went. Well, that's probably the one that my Shi's the problem with this, and maybe also I didn't Yeah, when I was an Amsterdam. It's been a lot over there. 27-pound, oh it is. Kira Phillips time to go. It's a crazy meal, Roger. It's a bit spicy. It's a bit spicy. No, that the Lord even loves the Oroggers. I'm a smoother. Oh, I like the blue glow fish. Inside the shower so I'm so excited. Inside the shower so I'm so excited. And I go sweet shoes and tractor off the wall. I then go to the door and drive you away in that day. But I'm much too small but I'm happy for the way. Or it's a gentle, friendly way. When I go to shower, I'm going to go far away. I like the golden shower and square, and the brave taking a boat in shower. I like the golden shower. I look, and then go down to the E4. I start to stroke. I listen off my wee wee with a pair of blue-pugled, and the gold wheel on my floor. Let's take a piece of metal to hold out. I'm just thinking why Ricky and Martin were the little boy. I like the golden shower and square, and the brave taking a boat in shower. I'm just thinking why Ricky and Martin were the little boy. I thought he was a member of Manudo. He could have hooked up with a guy from Ohio. Maybe he's saved some up. And a cup? Anyway, here's a fastness. How could you forget to say why we're seeing the Kooi Fag? I never heard of the Kooi Fag, and then it says PSMagnolia is still such. Well, anybody that has a position FSU couldn't understand Magnolia. A little bit too cerebral for this guy. The Kooi Fag, you know who that is, Jack? I do, and how about your boy gay on the Patriots? Yeah. I made him a steak. A couple days before we came, we were talking about Kooi Fag. Yeah. And well, there are several athletes named Gay. There's a gay on West Virginia, I believe. I knew a guy in middle school named Gay Gay Williams. Gay Gay. His first gay was gay. He was a gay gay Williams. He was double gay. I got news for it. I said that then Kooi Fag, Jack Nichols's character was JP McMurphy. How much of his name was Randall McMurphy? That's right. Randall, because he called her Randall several times when I was watching there. And she said, down Randall, you know, Miss Ratchett. And that must have been thinking of JP McArthur. Remember he was just thinking about JP Wondler. JP Morgan. Right. Let's see, athletes with bad names, a Killy Smith. A Killy Smith. A K-I-L-I. The former Dolphin circa 89, George Shorthoes. Oh, man, it's bad news. George Shorthoes, when did everybody say that? Did you guys? I guess, I don't know. George Shorthoes. You know, a member of the past is in full long. I'm kind of like, I don't know, because I got so many important things. I can see him for tomorrow. Because I got news for this. This business of just the handling to the causes for the sake of like feeling obligated to do it. To hell with it. You know, when it, when it regenerates into what it did, that's right. I'll test the waters if they got something to say fine. If not move on. Move on. I got, I got the whole world to save, man. Anybody believe it? No, especially not me, but it sounded good. I bet you'd definitely believe it. Duffers, you know, it's one thing to be a fan of some of it. But nothing, I think he's going to start stalking me pretty soon. He did come to Amsterdam when I was there at that time. Remember? Right? No concern about that child. Anyway, this is a fact that we got to say, remember the story about the South Old Isoder who is jailed for refusing we go back to Iraq. His name is Camila Nahia. And he and two other Iraq veterans will be hosting two fundraisers. One in Broward, one in Miami this week. The goal is to raise money for marching to New Orleans. Veterans and survivors march to New Orleans, which takes place March 14 to 19. Because of the billions of hours being spent in Iraq, the Gulf Coast has gone neglected in the wake of hurricane between an extra damn sure. So as I know where you and Neil stand on the wardroards, so be great if he can help us get the word out about these fundraisers. I don't know if anybody's going to go or they're going to at least out past it along, okay? Camila's in New York today would be available for honor interview. No, we don't do interviews on the show. It's very, very much whoever sent this. Or you can call me, Ocarlo. Thank you, Carlos. We don't do that. Here's the info about the fundraisers with the movie soldiers speak out. We'll be shown. Soldiers speak out. That's the movie we're going to show these two of us here in today. 730 tonight, doors and refreshments stand open at Werses. Ocinema, per day. So 503 South, 164, Laura Dale, just east of the Barrett County Courthouse. 730 doors and refreshments stand open. 8PM screening followed by discussion with special guests. That's tonight. Then tomorrow night, Tuesday, February 20th. At the tap tapation restaurant, 8153, Miami Beach. Ha, tap tap. 730 P.M refreshments and Deluxe in 8PM screening of the movie soldiers speak out. I followed by poetry and discussion with special guests. Okay. I'll put that in my comment and say it and maybe somebody wants to find out about that. Or not. Because we have such an activist group out there. You know that. Yeah. Let me go and think about that. Now I'm a little bit curious. Did I hear a, maybe I must have heard wrong. I thought I heard a promo for a UN baseball game or something before. I'm sure you did. I did. Well, I'm looking at my schedule. I see nothing about I see a bullet to my dog at four. Hurricane hotline and Bernie Cosa are said seven might not be tonight. You got it there. You are. Baseball. Yeah. That was like said tonight on the, not that we would make a mistake. You are not going to fall on the Wednesday. That's on Wednesday, man. It's a long ways away. Wednesday. That's a way down the road. Now I would have sworn it. I had something to do with the. Kings baseball. I'm going to be a green. Did you think? Yeah. Probably. You sure. Probably this one. Not that one. Yeah. I'm waiting. Wednesday. Nice. The Kings. See, Tom, the Maryland. I told you about the basketball game. Okay. I just want to make sure because we do have a habit of making the. All right, guys. It's a bad mistake. Oh, nice. You've done a shalyly talk to a couple of football players in a not going pro. Did you see that? That's great. Yeah, I've done a shalyly. There's a person in the university. What does she do in her spare time? She's busy talking football players in a state in school in no. Pro and make all the big bucks. Nice going, Donna. You silly person. You're fair. But you want to be curious about their education. Right. Well, when is that going to start? An examination of Palm Beach County's electronic voting machine records. Not good machines, Mom. From the 2004 lesson. Found possible tampering in tens of thousands of malfunctions in here as a watch group said last week. Then here is found or a black box voting dot org said the findings call into question. I've come to the presidential race. But county officials end to make for the electronic voting machines. Strong with the scoop and took issue with the findings. Voting problems would have had to have been widespread across the state to make a difference. He won Florida in 27 elective votes by 381,000 votes in 2004. Overall, he defeated John Kerry on the on the black box voting dot org. Which describes itself as a nonpartisan on profit citizen's group said. It found 70,000 instances in Palm Beach County of cards getting stuck in the paperless ATM like machines and that the computers logged about 100,000 euros including memory failures. I know several people who in South Florida in the Broward voted for Kerry and then it came up Bush on the thing they had to call the supervisor and straighten it out. Just to the coincidences. Also the hard drives crashed in some of the machines made by open California based the core of voting systems. Some machines apparently had to be rebooted over and over again and 1475 recover recoverations are performed on election day more than 4,300 units. Recalabracians are done when a machine is malfunctioning here is said. I actually think there's an a folks in plant Florida that's anybody's guess who really want a presidential race here is said it. But that's what that said. There's no way to tell who the votes should have gone do. As we well know, as we saraffly know Palm Beach County other parts of the country switch to electronic equipment after the turbulent 2000 presidential election when the county's butterfly ballot confused several voters mostly old Jews led them to cancel votes for third party candidate Pat Buchanan instead of Al Gore. The Supreme Court halted a week out after 36 days in headed Bush a 537 vote victory bogus totally phony and immediately said back in rolled over and Al Gore said back in rolled over and the black caucus said, well, do please do something about this and he said no and sit down shut up. I do like that. Or her. Typic and it went tippered too. That's what I'm saying. Piece of crap. Don't forget it's not to be a public in party that's the problem it's the week jellyfish. This stuff what is supports the old man. The Democrats ought to be not just talking let's have some more hearings in the 45 days to reocke. They ought to be screaming bloody murder. They ought to be shouting from the tops of rooftops that we do in a Howard bill. Open up your windows and scream in the old man. That's what they ought to be doing. Are they doing it? No. But I mean that I would better like that. Twenty-two a WQAM. With lightning quick speeds, latest features and security, Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for early 9.95 a month or two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than that hokey, hokey, slow dial-up. Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you'll get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Rhapsody radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that but to get macophicy security tools included saved and rest assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what you'd be waiting for, start doing a lot more faster than ever before, sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just nine ninety five a month or two much you want to hire a grandmends without it. And Broward call nine five four Comcast or in date three oh five Comcast do it today. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixteen fifteen four. Oh, God. Oh, right. I had a lot of money in the 401k with a broad broad broad with a broad broad broad broad. Well, down the target, just one day with a broad broad broad broad with a broad broad broad broad broad broad broad broad. Yeah, it goes so cool. Yeah, it goes freaking cool. But now they're on the road and they're from from from and they're from from. I used to get a really nice and sad from a broad broad broad broad. Now I'm asking if you like bright with that. Where run run run run run run run run run run. That we keep it all. You're free someone's home. When they did you do their role from and run run run run run run run. Yeah, I have no food. And I walk your shoes. Oh, the dog that's with a gun. And it's run run run run run run. Yeah, I wasn't going to link that by the way. A little thing that I'm through there. Sorry. Good. I want forty five. I mean, when it gets to that point though, I just, I just, at that point, just get up and walk out. One forty five a QA and we got both for, we're more used to be from two to four because we still haven't decided what we're going to do. And then we're like in a state of flux, you know, and it's not. It's it sucks to say the flux where I do in the limbo rock. One day it's bow and then it's guilty and then it's Curtis and then it's this one and that one and all over the place. And of course, the rationale being what we certainly can't possibly do worse than that one one that most are when they're in November December. Which sounds like a real good rationale for not putting anybody on there. I'll speak at a radio, which I know is very unusual QAM. I can keep it sure is radio station for two more years, but eventually it's moving to big new digs in Davy. Nice going pipe or high. New signal I hope. Well, maybe we will lift your listen carefully. I notice they are sunset and we're going to be doing anything for my 30th anniversary and I'm so pleased to see that. That's because Tom Jick is still rubbing his hand like together. Pist off because I've been exposing the fact that he's like just, you know, all he does is write crap about network, flop TV shows. Just puff pieces. That's all. I'm going to drop it and I'm going to set out of touch Tommy. I don't think so. I don't think so. Walk in the control room at WKPS 88.5 FM and secure while the station needs new facilities. They could be written right now about us. Yeah. Me sign a control board as a record player or record player. For now. For now. In a record is a real-reel tape recorder. Both were once staples of any broadcast operation of most radio stations face to come out more than a decade ago. That would out like high heels, high shoes, but have button shoes. The student run station at Piper High and sunrise was stated to move out this fall into a assisting space at McFadder Technical Center in David. You can't get no McFadder than us. Where'd be available to all public high school students in Broward. While they do have computerized editing capabilities and digital automation programs, those in charge of the class that they need much more to effectively prepare students for a future in broadcasting. All right. Don't do it. Please don't do it. I beg you. You've got to be out of your mind. There is no future in this business. The move has been delayed at least two more years to allow for construction of a new building with state of the Artificial Visatemic Fatter campus. New building will put all the school districts broadcast operations under one roof including its TV station in closer programming for schools. I'll be under the umbrella of the Broward Education of the Network or B-Con. Remember Molly P-Con? No. Nothing has been architecturally completed, but we're looking at probably a two-year time frame before the station exit moves over and said, be Con director, fill us shift or Simon. I wonder, she's really do arfulous. I don't think so. The transmitter for WKPX would also be moved and placed in a much taller tower that's new home. See that? Mm-hmm. I totally agree. There is your question. Be a shut up for a minute. They have an increased recovery area of the 3000-watt station more thoroughly blankening the county. Excellent. You do a fine job over there. Piper and Spiderman factor got that hostile call which we still amackin' a waste by time plan. It's sad in a way because it's always been here, but it's kind of exciting in a way too. So Piper, Station Manager John Farley, for the radio station, it's like growing up and graduating. It's got a chance to become bigger and better than it is now. Put that dance, stickin' power 96 right off the air. Oh, sorry, Josh. The station, nobody has a lower audience that appreciates the eclectic mis-of-alturitive, pug-metal and hip-hop play by students. Farley said arbitrage on readings you've foret show that any given time, KPX has got 10 to 30,000 listeners. 10,000, I should say 10,000 to 30,000. That's a lot. I don't believe that. We're that big and fat number. Get outta here. 10 to 30,000 listeners, any quarter hour. You believe that? No, I don't. Especially when you can't hear it. Who wrote this article? Michelle, Michael Hibblin at the Aherod. Hey, Michael, I got news for a baby. You better recheck your arbitrage sweetheart. 10 to 30,000 listeners, my ass. That would put them right up there. And, you know, if they had like 30,000, Jesus, it's totally run by the students. They're just faculty got in directed for all. They said, once they experience it, they love it here. But it would be put a boot put up. They would get hang out with your friends. You do this. You do a lot of sex. Whatever they do. That is just so ridiculous. I mean, there aren't that many people that live in their coverage area. You're about a mile and a half. What does that mean? Nothing we want to not KPX is into a fine job and more power to them. You get that more power to. It's not. 10 to 30,000 listeners, my ass. Just amazing the way these people have no idea. They wouldn't know a radio of somebody's stuff. And all that old one that I got my head on at Herod picture. And they stuffed that up there. Back to him. But Michael Hibblin or whatever his name is. He wouldn't know a radio. And if he's given the numbers there, yeah. And in addition to which, how, how, I don't ever saw WKPX listed. How do they know that? That's a good point. I've never seen the list that either. Of course not. They did not have a commercial radio station. So how do we know that? I guess you just picked the number. And of course, you know where you got the last part. I thought, turn the man. Just go that for me. Rift that off for me. Anything with 30 in it, man. Just rif a saw. We're used to it. Chur'd off. This is beautiful, man. Doing a heck of a job, Mickey. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chur'd off. There's donations. And there's another way he talks. He's like a male rear crossbeat. He's a bitch. He really is. I think we're seen early. Right. Beacuse. A excellent point. It needs to be beaten. Yes, with a stick. We need to send him to Abogar Rift for a long time. Then we'll be safe. Mickey Chur'd off says the nation's aviation system reigns the number one target for terrorists. Any warrants that his agency may have to cut spending on security, their ports of Congress rejects a fee increase for some passengers. So we still have to keep these big, big task cuts for the rich in place. Fronting for all bushes, buddies for all his base. But in the meantime, we don't have to cut back on air ports security because we can't afford it unless we can pass along. We've caught cost you poor slippers out there. We time you fly. If the air light industry fights the fee all the time wins and the result is we have to cut spending on air light screening. Then lines are going to be longer. Cressive is going to be more tipped off. Shirt off said in a view on Friday. And of course the worst thing would be if something happened in a plane blew up. That would be a real try to the heart of the air lining industry. So we've got our real interest in making sure we have adequate funding What a line. The worst thing I would have to have something happened in a plain blue up. All brother. Is this guy got away with words or what? That's a step away from Tommy Thompson and it's glad about I can't believe they haven't poisoned our food supply because it's so easy to do. These are your leaders, man. These are your leaders. You know, this is a whole thing since he stole the 2000 lesson, the whole thing is surreal. In fact, going way beyond before that, the Clinton impeachment, the monoculum, whiskey business, any star. It's all surreal. It's like, it's like a bad movie. You couldn't believe that's possibly could have happened. And this is what's going on in terms of government under the name of government in your country. What are you people thinking about? This is lunacy. Madness. A country that Americans are advised by the State Department don't travel to because your life isn't there because of the threat of terrorism. There are going to be a lot to buy the company that's going to run the ports. It's six major ports on the east coast. Now we're talking about a Arab government. It's going to be just like how it would be. I'll say, man, if so, the whole thing is a country out of the Arab government. That's what I just got through saying. And of course, Iran or evildoers because they don't recognize this. We only want to eliminate Israel. I guess what? So does the UAE. Whenever it's a selective friendship with these Israelis, you know, wherever it's convenient, they truck them out. Just like all kinds of, with these pharbiscite or right wing guy, a man, a saint, same thing. Oh, yeah, we have to be friends with Israel. Not because we like the Israelis, or we give it to him about the Jews, we and that stuff. But because we got a full field of prophecies, man, we got to go ahead and have our people. And we're all going to go to heaven. And the Muslims can all, you know, get there seven of virgins or whatever. The crazy religions, man, that all you kids out there, let me just tell you right now. That's the one thing in life that you have to overcome. You have to survive the religion. As if you can do that, maybe you have a decent life and you live more than like 10 years old. Surviving the religionists, they are the ones doing most of the killing. As part of, at least a mafia man who are of course endorsed and supported by the UAE, well, they wash each other's hand, you know. The mafia's give a lot of money to the church. But at least they only stick to their own. They don't go out in the OSM with innocent device standards. They pain in the as a device standard. Unless of course they try to shake you down and you refuse to pay. As part of its budget request this month of the 2007 fiscal year, sure to ask the private proposed doubling the two and a half dollars security tax PD suite by passengers, An answer, flights, passengers on multi-leg flights, already pay five bucks each way. Just amazing what's going on in the public sense back and we get a steady diet of where the Olympics. That's what we get is crap crap. Pure on another way to crap. A bunch of pansies skating on the ice and flopping down on their asses. Which I'm sure for the first time for a lot of them to spend so much time on their ass. Good dog. Look at that little thing they're talking right now. Skating carried the Americans, combining for 14 of 25 skating carried the Americans aren't we proud of that. This is the new runs. Congratulations man. What a project. This five inch leaner.