Hey special thanks to Alex Marvich from the Sun Sentinel pretty huge for you today. Thanks for having me here. Neil God Yeah, well you don't want to get ripped out for this show. No, no, I'll keep it rip anyway But hey, what did I say? Okay, I went there here and you've got his back five days of which now is off. It's kind of now is an honor to be ripped by Neil You know, let's sort of sell about so we're back. We're back Monday morning. We're talking about the dolphins win against Buffalo You know, that's gonna happen 31 10. That's what our prediction is so go ahead call your bookies now and you're not even a fan All right, I mean, you're not even a dolphin view. You're the middle of the road guy middle of the road That's what I get paid in a four dollars an hour to do and you weren't every year every seven No, go to the bout that. Yeah, they got you grind it So bumpy to the game tell us great job today Creeper thinks thanks for all the love would appreciate it How are we gonna get some rest get ready for Neil coming up next have a great weekend go dolphins go kains and thanks for listening These expressed on the previous programs are those all And callers and you're not referred to it Alex Quest And over back at 11th century, 790, 290, 290, 290. The burn passed an army, but they took it down in the water. Where the sun is shining down, they sit the whole journey. But we can, I don't know where do you, it is like, wacky, man. It's a V-A-T-L-A-T-L-A-T. I don't know what it meant. Sure, smells like wet dogs in here, man. That opens a down-by. That's not it. But no, I know, Lord of God, you're somebody that is, uh, an e-jaw, huh? We could see, too, Lord of God, and I don't know the audience with their dolls in the home of my son, man. Dear, the whole somebody's been among me, father. The phone's been ringing. We look at that baby, go. Oh, is that it? That's damn it. I don't know. Touch this, man. The phone's been ringing. We're in a package hotmail. The toilet paper don't get wet. The whole, the toilet paper. The toilet paper, the toilet paper. The toilet paper. What are you trying to say? It's very expensive. Maybe even more expensive. That's impossible. And so many, many, every day, stage and end, and a vacation. Do you want to get wet? You went and saw Miami-Port. The TV, the TV, the TV, the TV, the TV, the TV! Oh! And I'm going around with a red-shaped smile. The fire! The fire! The fire! Oh! I guarantee you one thing right now. If you gave me $7.90, I can put a change of call out as back to WFU and I'll share some of these already grabbed those up a long time ago But if they didn't change it back to FU and just starting playing a hits again I'm a year old in oldies, what great call that and certainly do big numbers and much bigger numbers gigantic numbers more than to do now. It should be like even a two-share You guys in the last trend they never came close to a two-share all day across the street No, I and they're talking about that pop pop by their talking like out of their ass Hey Joel, I hate to break the news to you But we got like 90% of your ex staff over here. I know you got four or five of our losers over there all that we do like Joe Rose right and Zach Okay, we like Zach he's fat, but they're blue like him Well anybody else spoke Well we like the booster the only problem is he's in the wrong. I still I don't want to give that with the Josh again You should have taken a job in a meds book. I mean you're not a talk guy. You're like, you know you're a sports puke or a Everybody I don't know like like that. Yeah, I said that way was on our station So it doesn't make any difference where he is excellent play by play guy Do what you do best books through tough you know stuff trying to be an underling to what I goof all in the afternoon That'll advance dude that that's his life now. He's an underling to Danny boy. It's got him under his wing Anyway, our pole from yesterday before we get a very jackass today just Started like a whole thing, didn't he? Even though Barry's got his head way up there. Asked over there across the street to have his insentuous relationship and they actually do have a working relationship They're like partners in crime All right, oh speaking of partners. I want to know how well what's your name is doing that story about Dog The bounty hunter in his wife That is really good man That's right Rita How surprised are you that you are a lot of people are wondering here the next thing in government issuing this how surprised are you with the He's a human in the way into the right government for following through when they're request oh boy She is the best request. She's great That's that would be a good format all Rita all day and I bet you still get bigger numbers And they got across the street. I mean they can't come close to a two-share and men give me a break We yeah 18 plus men that are high-share as in the afternoon LeBastard one six and we got two seven and that was before that's the last trend That's before we had mad dog in the Humperon here together Anyway, 1531 votes on yesterday's full something or someone I don't want to hear any more about But we should have put Stu got to know that would be good. Hey Stu. How about that around the gas demand? He's big in the meat business now anyway Paris helped me. I don't want to hear no more about her and I can't blame it for 104. There's so-called war on terror 187 the war on how about the war on freedom? ours great that's to go and really well Tom Cruise 172 you're fairie George W. Boge 166. Oh, it's just where's this out baby Surrey one 39 well here's the pictures. Here's baby. See we look at that looks like a baby What are who the daddy was? John Mark R 134 9 11 100 they got the nine-level. Look at that I guess last Monday and Tuesday this is no no no no no. Already very bonds 51 nice ass very More Howard David at 39 see as the numbers decreased that means they want to hear mo about each one of these see I hate this poll only 2.2 percent 35 out of over 50 hundred votes yesterday So they loved it Israel 35 2.2 so George needs to do a lot more Israel bashing huh? That may and culture 33 they can't get enough of that bitch. That's slut Nancy Grace 13 nice Now do we put that on our website the a porcupine always picture of Nancy Grace and no with your approval We won't run away. Well, let's get it on there now. That's a beautiful thing Don't get porcupine about it on Nancy print Nancy Grace 13 bread pit 12 and Iraq only 11 so they want to hear a lot more about Iraq and they will momentarily and a lot more about red pit I don't know what else to tell you about Bradford I've had it I know it first Maybe 20 years ago. Here's a facts from Kevin. Thanks Kevin Says Keith overman as repeating his commentary on 9 11 and that you should not miss this It was better than the one he did on rum spell. Well, I'm gonna well record it in fact during the break Remind me before we do the break going in the other room and set it up for the PBR in there Okay, so this is just in case I forget to turn on or I'm not around So tonight they're repeating on countdown with Keith overman MS and BC 8 9 PM. Okay, and then he's got a pool Thanks for the pull ideas by the way. We need help with our pool believe you made. I mean anybody I don't need to help with their pool now very jackass this morning I go to the herald website there because I read very religiously because I know he's extremely objective He's the real sports analyst. He knows his sports talk sports media I think I probably ought to do the break Okay, well no, because I don't want to interrupt this. This is heavy do these stuff I'm not only doing like three four hours on this and by the way. Thanks Whatever her name was what's your name again? Allison Allison What did she used to be across the street see we got all the people from over there across streets? So you want you can make all the wild statements you want about Joe Bell did this and Joe Bell did dad We're starting rumors and I'm starting where was the fact that a matter is that loose lips sync shift Joe all the rumors all the story coming from your people inside your building across the street That's where it's all coming from so you can make up all kinds of stories about Joe Bell the this and the Arrogance did that then Frankie Panthagio the fact that a matter is the cancer is inside your building So tumor it's a gigantic tumor Remember to to tumor yes, I do with a honey no more get the honey tumor So anyway we'll do this thing because it's a whole article about WQM and 790 the headlines says WQM and 790 bosses trade barbs Ooh Remember L barb different by Tom Merrimon Hazel Park hope and then we got this press release I'm I'm gonna go in that give them some publicity on a station. It's got a real audience like this show around a gazed and might even say that bit about Chris and around Hey, where we let Moan guilty bit Chris and around it. I don't think so And then we got of course these dogs story That's probably your favorite. I just heard about it this morning is a matter of fact one dog the bounty hunter Yeah, but when he gets me to and he's something more than he will face the consequences How surprised you here that the US government How surprised how shocked you are that she could be on the air. I mean there are so many that's a good That's an excellent pull. We've done that before but a long time ago Somebody who doesn't belong on the air, but who is okay? We've never done it that way You know, I mean I don't know now we can take the crawl off of there because I don't think he's back on here anywhere after he bitched out for what's your name in accounting Lening martes is letting you have her on here again. Do we have him still on here and I haven't seen him on the schedule for a while I don't know what the public some of the people who would have been on that pull and probably have it in the past that they won't be back because they're not on here I think many martes in the Crow will be a hell of a one-two punch for across the street Right after the choice right now that somebody else really like over there Troy we forgot about him I can't use a good guy He's a good guy He's a good guy right now, but that's okay Troy do whatever you got to do baby. We like you a lot the good man right right Scran City was okay. She said he was no Roy, but you know who to help could measure up to that 700 90s people it's on the pull. We haven't even gotten to that yet And we got the whole thing very jackass. I might spend most of the show on that today by the way The monitor is turned off on the floor Well, I just had this time that's if you want to waste your time trying to call in I'm gonna show when I'm doing it You can go ahead look you know give your a little finger exercise Which is better than during it near back dome for somebody else's but look at that 803 on a pull man We got more people voting on our crappy pull now than they have listening across the street. That's pretty weak. That is really weak Joe weak pathetic sad And then when it gets to this thing about all the salaries that this station's paying QM between 10 and 7 p.m See the problem being that's more than you whole payroll. Maybe if you'd pay somebody instead of wasting all the money on those super dolphin games Maybe he had some talent over there. You had an audience but you don't that's what he doesn't understand in other words If cheap cheap cheap cheap if a loadballing is what it's all about fine But by the way, thanks for warning us about not overpaying bokeh and for because they weren't gonna hire him anyway Remember that deal when he said had the voice mail on Greg's voice mail, but what is his real fine burger? We're just one of you know, we're not interested in hiring Kim bokeh and for anyway So don't don't overpay him Click Idiot really idiot. Yeah, say he he's he's shadow boxing. You know what I mean? Yeah, he shadow boxing He's competing with himself. He's he's like dancing in the dark I remember that song dance together That's what he's doing you're living in La La Land Joel and the only reason for that is because like Anne Richards said you were born with a silver foot up your ass or something like that And what she said twice yeah before she died He killed her 800 three votes on today's pull which will get to a buck on the leaves Are you looking at a poor kind of leaves again? Oh boy, there's a lot of people all whipped up about that They don't cotton of that when you start picking on poor kind of me doctor rice. Excuse me doctor We all got your ass for shridio poppin Oh I don't want to step on any of that no 10 17 at 5 60 WKM is happy Friday today is the first Day in a long time just don't let me it's that I would say it's the first time since June When you say that I play it's why do you best dude, right? That's right my first Friday Sure while this week has gone by seem like only about two three months for me Anyway, so here's today's pull then we'll get to the meat of the matter with very jackass Hey nice gone very you're a real good chill a real good supportive chill over there already you gave them a couple of shots 831 votes already the thousand we got looked more people than you would ever dream I have listening Joel Which of these best describes condolese or rise poor condom please a incompetent 195 sell out 180 boy issue ever sell out Can't oh wait a minute having had a pull in the long time that we can actually have a I think 100 and 74 said that I love that That's what I just can't stand that so about 170 force that that evil 92 Bull like 83 brilliant 54 I hate this pull 26 3.41 percent that's a little bit too high We're not pleased with that. She's gross 14 with that gap toots. He is real me as and butcher 13 She sure was a good butcher there in a middle least and of course a good butcher in our rack too Remember she said who would have ever believed that you know and then she held up that report that said that was labeled You know warnings that the Alkinda want to do a hijack planes and saw them in the buildings remember that August. Yeah, yeah, yeah President was too busy clearing brush dough and proper Texas on the ranch. Okay, so that's the poll So far we got 839 we'll get that thousand easy before you know it Here's a lineup today that will sink our teeth into bird jackass mad dog at who do's derail between two and four each Your hearts out across the street okay, they tried hardly get the mad dog did they get them no and he's worth every penny Whatever to hell or pain them four to five the power hour which by the way that was my idea Very in fact that whole afternoon lineup was my idea long time ago and then they finally got around to do it When they finally discovered a morning show the power hour with a Humperon mad dog four to five and then Hopper a solo five to seven. Oh look at that Looky looky here comes cooking because the Marlon game doesn't start till 735 in its Atlanta So the pregame so Hank has to do two full hours. How's he gonna do that? Wow, I love that the crossover our brother way especially since it was my idea But it's not every time I heard those clips man sounds great sounds like those two are having a great time together But it does well you know listen cuz it's got to do with sports you just they anti-sporic Sure Marlon's on deck at seven. Marlon's at the braves in Atlanta 735 They better sweep the series this weekend if they want to hang on any chance because I see San Diego won a game last night does that mean there's what three three and a half yes Three and a half out of the Marlon's for the wild car a depog raise a pod raise oh and then any can't do the baseball game tonight That's our Friday lineup and then of course tomorrow I got the hurricane's gonna get there and I'm here at Louisville's pretty damn good get their ranked better than the Kings They are really aschickers and they're averaging their score in a ton of points is what I'm full too Well they're running back broke his legs So he's out there. Oh no, so yeah Just like to quarterback like Rothle's but couldn't play against it often that's your gave him a chance They didn't win it though. I come close right right so look oh and by the way Willis McGay he is that his name? Yeah, the Buffalo run a bit right, but he was to play for you. M of course. He was the great you and when then he He had both of his way I think he came in right that's correct. See I have three out of sight out of mind You know, and he's the moron that's hidden the game against the Patriots on Sunday. He said oh I thought it was through down Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, but he forgot to take that math class at you and right. Yeah. Well, he's a UM Flunky or whatever he was so I expect that spelled F L U and K wife lucky and not as opposed to a he could play ball though He could run and give me the ball. Yeah, he's okay But he thought it was third down so he didn't make that extra effort You know, he didn't stretch it push it and as a result the Patriots got to ball back and we won to bed Okay, so very jackass rights WQA and the 790 bosses trade barbs. This is you know something I'm gonna frame this I'm gonna get a gold frame and I'm gonna frame it and gold lame Very jackass rights two years after launching the markets second sports radio station Now this is the third time by the way that they've tried for a second sports station The first one was 1980 the fan that was the one that had more testies distraught on it and Jim Barry and a bunch of other losers remember that Uh-huh. How many listeners do they have? Then they went under real fast then there was a 940 after chief channel decided to destroy that And first they tried like irregular talk and then then work out to well with fractions And so then they decided to put on that fox sports radio network thing WRFX I mean who would a lot of callators like WINZ Great callators like that when you have WRFX the fox and then they had to got on there What else did they have on anybody we ever heard of before? You have to me mom just I'm just asking like sure about that. I'll now Who else did they have Carl Foster and Carl Foster was on a four oh that's right there been three other stations before this one There was the 14 101 that used to be the light bulb that station which is something else now Remember and Carl Foster was on there in an item mark so whatever her name was jackmark and They also went under just like our effects how many listeners they have those two put together And now we got seven ninety to tick it. I think they got a lot more than 30 listeners That's maybe 40 or 50 very rights two years after launching the market seconds sports radio station 790 the tickets and keep in mind this is being written by a guy who's in the bag over there He's a you know wrote to front page story about seven ninety the ticket They're gonna kick ass to QAM because they're Harold and that station You have an insatiess relationship anyway. He says seven ninety to ticket still faces sizeable financial losses and trails WQAM five sixty in the ratings. Oh We would do anything to hurt them but you'll find where who owns the company that is leasing 790 signal still speaks boldly and branched like let me say it again He owns the company that is leasing 790 signal in other words 790 is still owned by Lincoln financial which used to be Jefferson pilot and Dennis Collins and that bunch of go go and over there So they don't even have a radio station They're just renters. That's all they're leasing the signal When it out, when it out for starters find Burgess missed and along we clear this is Joel Find Burgess my friend Dick Finder who got screwed over pop of work for starters find Burgess Miss rumors is venture my fold his lease with seven 90s older Lincoln financial has three years left followed by five one Your options at seven 90s discretion. I'm sure people have heard WQAM's Neo Roger Sam going out of business in March find verse There's no truth to that. I heard WQM General manager Joe Bell went to a sales staff until them to start a rumor That's seven 90s going out of business to scare advertisers right Bell denied that all the allegations calling it ridiculous and he said Joel a man in your position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous Nobody said stop with it. Yeah fineburg 29. Oh, yeah a real big shot with daddy's money already has reached one conclusion He believes the market cannot support two stations sports stations long-term and it's the ultimately will prevail Though waiting is those suggest that says Barry. How do you like that? He suggests that ultimately he will prevail Even though very sad the waiting goes to just I'm here for the long-haul he said WQM is doing stupid money after stupid money there's plenty more salaries from 10 to 7 p.m. I spend the whole day Maybe that's why you have no audience drill because you're not paying any town to be on the air over there Maybe that's a part of it and I hate to break the news to you Joel, but this station Nobody ever lost money on the Neo Roger. I've been on the air for a hundred years in this market Nobody ever lost money on this show and mad dog and a company I think they're gonna lose money on those two and a half noon even though of course they got across over out If you're gonna lose money with Jim Manich and hey go over on it. Oh, no way Jose Now unlike you which is losing millions on those dolphin broadcast year-veer and which is allegedly already admitted losing eight million dollars in about a year and a half You know who's who's making more money Joel? Who's more who's got the numbers who's making so money? But nevertheless yeah, we're throwing stupid money after stupid money. Then he said this is this is my favorite Oh, this is gonna take a long time but I could spend two hours on this excellent He says WQMun from your father station to your grandfather station and here comes the grid This is one of the great lines in in the history of morons People don't want to hear angry 60 year old men anymore There must be what we got those numbers you have any Them us people we got like in the last trend in men 2554 about a 10-year and you got a one because of people to want to hear angry 60 year old men People don't give a crap. They don't they don't check the ID You know it's one thing to go to a club and they check ID, you know We go to my cigarettes and they check ID whatever it is But when they turn on their radio nobody cares how old the people are or how much younger when hip-root Somebody suggests that they are they just want to know if they're entertaining if there's something there That attracts them if they want to listen to it if there's something interesting Exciting something to think there is think their teeth and do right you jackass even if they have a bag and check a pair Even if they got a bag and they're got like a walker and they got false teeth who the hell gives a crap about what? I got a rinse Yeah, who cares about that? Well, I mean some people with a bag Don't don't go. But nevertheless, but that that's they keep trying. It's a me. It's a sad It's like bush running around with his war on terror, you know, and Iraq and war on terror And I think he keeps trying to petal it and everybody says please go settle if somebody else go petal it Right like a bicycle take it out and petal it Joel because nobody's buying it People go on here angry 60 year old men anymore Somebody please buys them spots on my stage Well, I'm a dude on 2 a.m. Look that bag is back on his dance. I want one thing at the floor. He's not my time to die The hell are they doing anyway? The man we sound a guy really good. I want more grist more. Ghost voice real high When I listen to this war, a family voice won't get eye attention But we'll really get me sit for this york Let's treat the high boys will be at the other next year I think Let's do it on 2 a.m We're in fact in fact all next year. I'm going to this year as great man would voice this high Now we'll have to get deeper in their closet again So I'm gonna press on the macho press The check-out grist 4 in a time to build the fan of the sun Yes, there he's on the 9-games and 5-games 4 guys and voices has cracked and saved with well here's a hole And I can't believe that Last and a real close is a rain yield For some time If they're fortunate on their really mixed month's balls Stay focused And that girl man We are he's harder than my intractor Yeah, boy time is here 1033 27 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM what have I told you for a long long time Nero casting man narrow casting sports talk I'm gonna say it again the reason that we've had big numbers on this radio station outside of the show Is because Hank Goldberg and Jim Mandates mean something their personality The people who everybody in a market knows they're entertaining They're amusing they're interesting and people want to hear them all the video on here Hank in the morning but nevertheless Am I right? Yeah, that's what it's all about That's the only reason we got those numbers is because of what it is That's why when they took mad dog off and they shoved them deep in the afternoon between two and four We might as well shove down for transmitter maintenance That was the guys in one It's a house But nevertheless see you try to tell that to sports nerds they don't understand that people live in their own little world I think that everybody else see I just that always is bug me people who think that the whole world view Everybody in the world views things the same way that they do So in other words if you're obsessed with like Basketball cards or baseball cards. Oh everybody wants you a baseball card show Remember that with Mr. Eagle and his baseball card shows who doesn't why I bet you it's a big ratings on those days Anyway, you heard about cats and heres is plain know what about it I know I just mentioned that because I'm good at going nuts to disgusting I mean we can all make mistakes on the air but this guy such a he doesn't belong on the air, okay? That is a good poll. Let's let's take a poll. Maybe to begin with the way. Don't let me forget All right people who don't belong on the air I mean it's not not just somebody like that not just radio people don't belong on the air, but they're like TV people who don't Don't belong on the air He was down that for when he did read a He did something on them. He will face the consequences How surprised are you that he was Did you still anybody ready? She can't speak Yeah, man, no it didn't make any difference with Tom Broke or Barbara wall wall They both had bad speech defect, but she does can't speak at all Maybe they're counting on the train wreck factor. It's got you watch What it is? I know then there's not you're right about that. I'm obsessed with it. I came running in here When I thought about it When soon as you got out of that dog the bounty how do I think because that's the kind of stuff He loves man her an antsy grace Just love that crap. You know the chicken a rouba and of course and and in the cold with a 20 year old kid Those are the kind of stories they just go freak out about anyway So Joel findberg says getting back to various comments. I won't spend more than two or three hours on WQM went from your father station to your grandfather station people the one here angry 60 year old men anymore That's why old meal will be 64 in November had an eight-share and men in the last book and about a 10-share in the last train Men 2554 because people the one here angry 60 year old men well not 60. I'm a golden net ancient WQM can point to the ratings to dispute that says very in the last ratings period last book April through June In the key demographic group of men ages 2554 WQM ranked 10th in the market with the 3.5 share and WD and 790 was 25th of the 1.3 in other words like almost three times WQM beat 790 every day part rating seven-bear relations QM tank Goldberg shifted after noons and Kimbo camper and former Lava 100 host Kenny Walker became five 60s morning to him over 20. Not to forget about bad dog going back where he belongs between two and five Findberg conceives. He's not happy with where we're at in the ratings He's not happy with where we're at in the ratings He's an incredible What up? But I couldn't be happy with our line of peace of the audience can't say that but he loves it Oh my god, let's see a lot more that's too boss and Daniel a basketball Make any they can even keep those losers on here. Then the juice fly out of town O.J. and McDuffy Yes, he did and the juice so what do they got? Said the kid Rosencranstein versus Dean whoever is stand bursting on the remoday What do they got we didn't even know what's all they got anymore is anybody on that show with him or is he doing it solo until he leaves time goes back to New York? I couldn't answer that question because I'm here in it that he may be driving a cabin in the York one of these days So that's the latest room where I'm starting Joel Man Fineberg conceives. He's not happy with where we're at in the ratings, but I couldn't be happier with our line up He clearly loves tweaking the competition very says Tweet this Nobody comes morning show his terrible find verse if you have one guy walker who's been introducing just in team team Tinkerbell and all these boy bands paired up with a jack They start talking one day about the singer of pink and how can he play their song and he goes out for ten minutes And you know what thank god because they're how about more people interested in pink Then I write about you know who's taken a shower in the dolphin locker room dance straight then he says Joe Rose offers people a more He's the dolphins aimellist well, how do you like that guess who was the dolphins aimellist for about 100 years Give me one guess In fact even now when you want to NFL highlight films is opposed to who in the play by play guy if you're watching Highlands of adult and game when they actually made a good place You know who's watching her to background all the time first mad dog. It's correct I mean is there any comparison between the two? No, I mean I like Joe he's a good guy and he's a broadcaster He's the only broadcaster they have on the air the only sports casted broadcaster they have on the air Like I said those are good god, but he's a rock and roll sports guy. He's a play by play guys not a talk show And I mean if something I'm relieved to hear about this because quite frankly if Kenny and ball are talking about a lot more than just force We might actually have a chance for an audience in there. I don't get too much That's good Right You're objective. What do you tell about pink or the dolphins? Oh, geez. Yeah, don't make me choose Okay, and as far as Justin think your balance concern Joel. Bye. Bye. Yeah Anyways, is the ticket effect is running promos saying what do you want to listen to Joe Rose or Kenny Walker Really a choice. Oh, thanks for the promotion by the way. I mean like that Joe Rose or Kenny Walker No, there is no choice because I don't want to hear somebody talking the same sports crap But that's why I played that bit because I haven't played in a long time Same old stuff Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop as remember would say by the way. Don't you miss Ferrell and I alright? I miss Ferrell Yeah, no, we miss Ferrell a lot not you remember growing don't call me even if she does hate me We responded W2M's dual bell Kim Bo camp or was an all pro player even though of course he is Tonda was on here. No, he's all right. He's lost an up a little bit Jim Manis was on the unbeaten 72 team Kenny Walker's dolphin stadium announcer whatever that means He would see the response Joe is Kenny Walker is a broadcaster forget about whether he's the dolphin stadium announcer He's that real broadcast you will keep a long zone of year That's just some dumb joke. Oh, sorry. Sorry, but and hey go over used to announce the games No, he didn't announce the games. He was on the He was the color guy. He's a colored guy. Is the colored guy with the Requeaver. Yeah, he was on the broadcast. I think he's what he was a fan. He's beginning to blow the wall The who the place election. If anyone wants to see other two stations compare Bell says open up an arbitron book and take a look Give a cook. That's what he said give a cook What and Joe's not even Jewish and he said that give a kick Find brigadoges. He's losing money, but he won't say how much millions millions I guess he forgot his earlier statements about how what a genius he was to be able to lose eight million of daddy's money in a year and a half I'm by no means a worried man. He says we continue to beat Ed revenue projections You know how many dollars they're taking in this week It's interesting because some of the sale that we have their former sales manager on our powerful sales team now. I think we do Who's who is I can't track any more yet others. I think he spilled the beans about how they were crying in their soup about all It couldn't sell the dolphins for a lover money. Remember the dolphins Josh got off to that great star last year Well, they usually get off to the stars But they didn't get off to a very good start and then of course they didn't win the last six in a row But by that time you know all the money was down the toilet. There's a lot more to this by the way I want to spend more than two three hours on Two ladies on ABC nine of the All clinkin small find out why your ground shirt leaders are accountable for nothing ever for anything We'll show you the towers falling over and over again To minimize the significance of being Five meters have gone by two more for most of you remember But none of them was entirely they would clinkin small Just remember that especially with the elections coming up semi-grads bad Republicans who 11 all clinton's false or 911 that they built Clinton blew up the towers and everything in a world Don't look at him Who would he the bad guy Dig right on ABC your subservient making mouse network 1046 a QM I don't want to spend more than five six hours on this thing if you tune in late a very jackass Is hit the jackpot today in this morning's hero big article here WQM and 790 bosses trade bars Oh, there's the phone. I must mean your packages down. Oh, thank God. I'm gonna be great. Oh, it's worth anyway I got a long way to go here Fineburg ignoves as he's losing money, but won't say how much on by no means a worried man He says we continue to beat add revenue projections this past spring the ticket persuaded the dolphin's see of the station or right-fee reduction Which find where won't discuss so in other words instead of paying five million and probably paying like former to now I still will lose the rest in exchange the dolphins are allowing big 105.9 to Simal cast the games on FM which cuts into seven 90s audience the dolphins met with WQM last spring could consider returning the Insta five 60 in 2007 wouldn't that be a kick any ash Joel? Right, oh after you lost all that money Chris put in Jimmy civilizan and I was a real love that was an active rocket science anyway And screwing over the moment In the mad dog anyway it says it was no coincidence Very says that 790's highest ratings came last fall. It's first year Erring dolphin games and believe you me That was nothing right home about now here comes here comes this could be some of the funniest stuff in history mankind He ought to have his own show on I have a goal of being the number one sports radio station and the market now. Let's talk until I get there five or six WT and he's my existence every day it takes money on their pocket They were saying anything or do anything to disrupt my business Me let the zooners that your people are starting inside your volume over there that are disrupting a business This is the part of his roar cry. He's got two basic things will do anything to hurt them and nobody wants to listen to old man on the radio Then that's it that's it not that he's got some great thing over there to anybody would want to hear So here's what Barry says and of course keep in mind This is very jackass who they heroizes in says to his relationship with them over there So Barry allegedly is giving an objective view for here He says the view here of 790 after two years the ticket has done a lot right including offering numerous big name guests Scheduling Chris Mortensen and wifitly clever comedian Frank Kelly endo is regular football season segments on Daniel a vastored show and piecing together his best offshore a lot of since it's launched his launch time also Rose has a shot to win the 710 aim race if he can lure some of the hardcore sports fans who might fear from WCM's morning show right I'll tell you one thing is about as much chance at Joe winning the morning against Kenny and boys the risk of my finding a million dollars under my ass right now Then he goes on to say Barry, but it's difficult to envision 790 out rating WQM in the foreseeable future if ever If ever and then here comes this this next sentence here Okay, and this this being written by a puss who never even acknowledges the fact that I exist It will be impossible for the ticket to win during Rogers hours 10 into 2 PM and difficult to make Inroads against WQM's formidable afternoon lineup bolstered by the goldberg managed four to 5 p.m. pairing Which was an inspired idea whose idea wasn't Barry You couch potato jackass you little piece of turd Bell the client to respond to several a fine bird shots but offer this singer I don't listen to them or focus on them. I focus on our product. Well, it's about time Joe Unlike Joel there is somebody I have to report to other than my daddy. Oh, what a shot that is Things go take a little bit of a shot there a Joel fiber. Get out again. Pruise. That will do anything to hurt them Take a nice sheep shot like that. Nice going Joe We got 948 votes. You know we're gonna be close to a thousand by ten o'clock. Not that I mean it gets us to do but I as pull But you know something Joel that probably tears his kichki's out Thousand votes my ass because you know that you could fit their whole off between midday when they show is done You could put their whole audience their whole audience into a phone booth and everyone for the Chinese army left over In fact when he says I'm sure people are hurting you arrived your sand going on a business in March That's because you know everybody's listening to this show Everybody who's listening to their radio in his town right now is listening right here unless they don't speak English and he knows that So you might as well sign off between ten and two shut it down baby like the beach boys said shut it down Remember that they said they're they saying it so anyway here's the bulletin on stugots Somebody hands in my press release was this yesterday this half a while stated September Great shot shut it down capital records the bleach boys hey Brian put away the teddy bear and wake up So Early in the week I guess somebody must have handed this press release to stugots while he was on the air Now keep in mind he's the general manager Over there because that he's got a lot of money and again he was on fox because that he's got a lot of money Now he's the general manager, but he's also on the air with then he labashed it won't you have to know? I guess isn't it another way worse Josh? Yeah So stugots and when he was on our station what did I say nice guy doesn't belong on the air to say hello We're goodbye to now we say that see at least I'm consistent like Joe Rose I'm not gonna tell you he thinks just because he's over there He's a great guy. He's good on the air. He's a broadcast. I like Joe Good people and by the way he hates them like poison See and let me just before I get into the stugots thing make one other thing abundantly clear To all these losers over there across the street the only reason you even had an open door even a crack in the door That any opportunity to compete was because of the series of incredible blunders by Greg Reed over period of three or four years That's the only reason there was any in road there I mean I'm like I don't even have time to list all the blunders he made you know what with the mohower David it and then the stern fiasco in the feral I'm about you know Trying to lose the license for us all the other stuff. That's the only reason and it all started when he blew up the first team That's what it started and then Joe Rose came back Which I don't know why the hell Joe was foolish enough to do that but we all make mistakes and then they lied to him and lied to him And let me just say I'm in the back That's why he wound up over there So that's the only reason they had anything at all and I and of course they haven't See the opportunity anyway because they stink so anyway somebody hands us to stugots He's on the air and it's a press release In fact on the top of the press release it says another generation of quality foods and on the bottom it says their website WWW dot gold ribbon valley dot com so it's probably a pretty good indication. It's a North Miami pretty good indication This isn't a sports press release Right right by the way here about cancer here so anyway about this form former dolphins Why we see her around they get and signs on with buffalo So stugots go sort of thing oh you imagine how desperate the bulls are they slide around again? It didn't sound with the bills you moron you idiot you quizzling you fairer Simple then what it says is former dolphins why receive her around a gazz in OG has just sounded deal with buffalo To dolphins glad however it's not with the bills and said dolphins favorite number 86 to send an endorsement deal with food manufacturers Gold ribbon valley endorsing their healthy line of buffalo buys and not force brisket meat products Which would be sold to dolphins that him starting this Sunday as September 17 Samo uniform. That's because we have an audience to probably pretty happy about that credit it was catching the last touch I never thrown by Hall of Fame quarterback Dan Moreno Gatsin cannot be credited with another great catch the newest health food craze buys and buffalo meat I aware that they had the same legal counsel Gatsin met Steve Chase the founder of gold ribbon valley by a fluke Where OG became hooked on Chase's product. It was played through a set the endorsement offer a story in itself Chase the grandson of Hebrew national founder Lenny Pines has the same passion for his buys and products as his grandfather Have one creating the craze for the first kosher hot dog Guys in the gold ribbon valley will be unveiling the new product of dolphin stadium this Sunday September 17th at the first regular Season home gaming against the bills all are and hopes that while the dolphins are crowning to bills on a plane feel will not all Dolphans will be taking a bite out of buffalo with the OG coral kiosk Proud kiosk located in the parties owns of the stadium How do you like that so right away he jumped in inclusion or rendezvous with a bill's awful They're desperate Yeah Nice going to God somebody way can't inherit this plane is still off to us So that's the way close over there is very jackass now. I was spent an hour on that or pretty damn close to it That's a shame. I got so much other important stuff to talk about today Like dog the bounty a lot of people are wondering Here's the neckhacking government Brutal doing this house surprise you with the US government anyway. It's just not seriously There's no way that you can be on there. We have to all we have to all be in some kind of a collective dream You know what I mean? We're overall you know between bush and the rack attack and the fact that the in fact even on our pool 6.4% of the new rogers audience just condolences is brilliant Okay, even after all of the things all the lies and all of the S and how could anybody have ever dreamed that Anybody would fly use a hijack planes and fly them into a building. This is the same bitch This is the same bitch who held up that folder and that they were during those 911 investigation hearings It was asked to read the title of the other report and said oh I'll cut a intent on attacking within the US and using planes to fly to buildings hijacking planes And she gets up there and yeah, see these people think we all have this amnesia or anus dream world with your fine bird and don't forget your will do anything to hurt you guys Sports videos 5 60 Neal Rogers All the great excited users in this girl. Yeah. They say it's a mess. They don't like to push you wears, but we have to make one think perfectly clear. Maybe correct. I don't care because you're making 50 million. All the fuckers on the nether go and crazy. I feel a little computer. Yeah. They're like, please don't act. They're like a bunch of broken sailors out on leave. And hang it in the oven. Well, well, why she's literally getting pretty Brian Williams way back in the rain here. K.D. is 10 times making 50 million. Well, she's back in for America's help to come over the semifinal. Yes, you need the final. That's a double ID other than what her company hired. You're definitely wrong. But it's all she's been beaten up so bad that the poor lady might be fucking happy. Here. K.D. is 10 times making 50 million. Well, maybe it's because everyone is with something. So what's my bag? Yeah. It's such a thing. And the only one that's happy is that crazy narcissistic they're rather. You've got to make them be clean. All the meetings they've said, let me go. We're more and more and more. Break down the shed off. We're. K.D. It's so good. I'm going to take it. Hey, man. It's 11.5. 60. The equity QM. She's about a half a step away from Reader Cosby at Territory. And that's saying a lot. She's weak. 9. 179 votes on the pool. Not as weak as Joe's line of wood or across the street. So you hear the ladies rumored about them by the way. Oh, brother. 9.76. Let's get to right number on there. Which of these best describes kind of leaves or rice? I ought to play that original kind of leaves. You know what? Very high. Uh huh. Double dog the bounty hunter. Really? Now you think if I'm played it, that read you. Cosby would put it on the earth. If you know somebody would. Okay. So anyway, 9.79. Which of these best describes kind of leaves? Oh, and the other something I can go back to that can't stand that sled again too. Oh, that's a pin in the ass. Uh, in combat in 235, a sellout 2112 is there any doubt about that? No. Oh, and then. I just can't stand that sled. 194. Evil 104. Bullbike 100. Come on. I voted for that though. Bullbike. You have to be deaf dumb and blind not to know that. Brilliant. 64. Six and a half percent of the sighting says she's brilliant. That's the same. At least with our audience, it's not that 33 or 35 percent like the total American, audience out there who continue to kiss up to the bush crowd even though, in on to his neocfascist garbage and all these lies and all these dead people and bloodshed. 69 percent of the audience thinks she's brilliant. Based on what I have no idea that she come across. He was being brilliant. Carnaliza. I hate this pull 34.4 percent too high. Gross 17 and a butcher 16. Well, she works in a butcher shop with you know who, Dr. The article three of the Geneva Convention. There he is. He's going to be doing a press conference shortly or your president. Think we're going to hear some of that? No. Although the station is very big on press conferences but only if they have to do with sports. Let's see. Here's another fact that says, and why did you waste my time with that previous fact? Well, it's just 34 year old. I can't believe it's in the circular file out here. It says, two gods can't get fired. He just bought a new DMW so he needs to make his payments. DMW inside scoop. Well, that's fine. The only problem being he's got a rich daddy saying. So they're making it if it's whether he gets fired or not. Got a rich daddy just like you'll find it. But there's people going to the silver spoon up there. So there. That's the whole deal. Trying to play radio. See, I'll stand again for the, I don't want to spend any more time on that because I got too big a too many fish to fry here. Have an incredible cookout. Maybe we'll get some of that buffalo meat from Marrond Aguesson before he joins the bills for some of these game. But you can't talk your way into an audience joy. You've been trying to do it for about two years now. It doesn't work. It isn't going to happen. You can't create it out of fiction. You can't talk about how happy you are when you're alone up. And you can't keep the S in a public. They don't want to hear it. They don't want it. It's like trying to sell hollow off of the S. They don't like it. They don't want it. Okay. And he thinks that by the big side of the book. And of course he and very probably start this contrived contrived contrived. You know, to whip up and you're like the same thing with Greg Kotzex. Remember that with that phony tool he was taking online on his blog. And yeah, and I'll tell you right now. Sure we wound up tilting the balance on that. We because they were trying to do the same thing. So we got to jump on him. We made him look like a bunch of monkeys that they are. When we got that memo, remember that memo from one of their upper or their hot shots there at 790. And we want all the people to make sure they vote on this. All right. There you go. So they're trying to load it up and pull me up. They were doing a pretty good job. They're early on making it look like they were somewhat competitive. And so that we stuck it to him, baby. Just look at him. This business of comparing Danny LaVastude. I've seen him on the SPN. When I was down there last night, I heard some of his pathetic performance. He's he's weak. Weep. Oh, but he's so much hipper and younger. Yeah, he's younger than Jim Mandage. Okay. Does that mean he's a broadcast here? Oh, does that mean anybody we do want to listen to it? Oh, no. Comparing him with Jim Mandage is such an insult. So ridiculous. It's insanity. It's lunacy. So comparing which waltz with the mel Allen. It's just foolishness. Not nonsense. Anyway, moving along. I've said my pay. I just don't want to say too much to hurt those guys. Because we do like Joe and we like Troy. And we like fat. What's his name? Zach. Zach, crants in your pants. 991. You know something next time I refreshed up. We're going to be over a thousand. It's just really after a lot of the clock. Take that and put that in your pipe and smoke. You're Joel. Our stupid ass. Pull. Anyway, the Wayne dog Chapman. Now you just find out about this this morning. Just this morning. What kind of a well. I don't follow dog is closely as you do. Really? You went from there. You're brutal. You're brutal. I'm not brutal. She is. Yeah. She is to television. Most of the people across the street are to radio. Don't belong on here. And believe me, we've had plenty of people. We don't belong on here. And talked about it. Great length on there. Show. Let me more. Taz. The crow. Oh. I'm going to be over there. I wouldn't be something. If we get to dolphin games back next season again, I was just in very very started that rumor about how qm met with the dolphins and maybe there's a possibility we'll get them back next year. Certainly not for $5 million. I'm going to see that. How much are they going to pay us? Right. First half of the day go like 3 and 3 team this season. But who would we have doing the games? Yeah. I don't think we would be him. I know who the color guy would be. Oh, right. Yeah. I mean, is there any doubt about that? No. Right. There is no question about that. But it's for, and of course you know what he always says about the dolphin. They play like men and they look like women. Right. But who would be doing the play by playing? You think Josh maybe it gets in for back? Uh, I don't know. That after find somebody. Certainly not Jimmy Siffleless. No. God. Oh my God. No. Not Jimmy Siffleless. Sounds like an old lady with her legs tied together. But anyway. Dwayne Dog Chapman, the sub-famous world's most famous bounty hunter, which he would notice. Of course, look. We got Joe Zagaki. So who the hell are we to talk about anybody else, right? I mean, that in itself is such. It's very similar to the reducous be thing. You think about it and you shake your head and you say, no, this can't be happening. This isn't possible. It's just not possible. Dwayne Dog Chapman, the sub-famous world's most famous bounty hunter, which he would notice by any net being thousands of bail jumpers, was arrested yesterday for allegedly jumping bail in Mexico. U.S. Marshal's arrest of the star of the A&E reality showed dog the bounty hunter. It is home in Hawaii to request to the Mexican government. And of course, there are a few worse slime balls in the world than the Mexican government. All the people, and that's why so many slime balls run to Mexico when he won a hide. Because the Mexican government virtually never prosecutes anybody. Unless of course, they happen to be, you know, in Tijuana, and maybe out of a vendor. Like, what was that movie again? Losing it? That's what it was. Look. Chapman, well, John Stockwell, wasn't that. So I couldn't throw you. Shelly, well. And your favorite. Oh, and don't forget about two fair, calm crews. Sorry, Tommy. Chapman was spotted in connection with his highly publicized 2003 campfire of Max Factor Cosmetics Air Andrew Luster, who fled to Port of Ayara, Mexico after skipping out of a million dollar bail. I think you want to trip to Port of Ayara on a Hollywood Squares though. Luster was later convicted in an absenture on 86 charges involving drugging of three women with the date rape drug GHB and raping them. Luster is serving 124 years since. And the dog is the one who went under and nailed his ass. I'm sure he's already. I watched this piece yesterday at 30s and have any idea where Luster was. And he went down there, the bounty hunter, and nailed his ass. Which is proud of the dog. Very much so. Get him off the ear, though. Get him off that A&E man. Stop. Yeah, you don't want to remind of you have A&E putting that crap on the ear and putting that other silly person on. I just can't think of what his name is. What's his name? Oh, which means. Freakable. Freakable. For a single. It would be like me sitting here reading all these articles by no-em-trumpsy women playing drop-ins like that. Obviously you have a six-eth humor like about that read across be thing. You have to pause the dog show with the same thing. He chases down some people. Ten. Ten. Ten a thousand six votes, Joel. Oh, no. How do you like that line by bury? They have no chance of ever beating the knee or rather sure between ten and two. None. Zero. They have to kill me first. Go ahead. He tackles down scummy people and sprays them in the face with face and it's hysterical. Are you sure? Are you sure? Or do you mean dog? Yeah. It's hysterical. I said in other words, you watched that. I said, you were going to come for a responsible for being on any. That's right. I wouldn't mind if it was like once a week, but they have the subsection just like when they put that You're going right. Put that throwing up god-eating under the head or on like 75 times a week. They put dog on a lot because it happens to get a rating number. A young reen, a young punk watching you. You know, punk. It's hysterical. It's like, common son. When you listen, if you're that much in the dog, you want to hear about this. You don't even know the story for those things. What happened to a frequent beaters? Chapman, son, Leaven was also a rest of the day. As was colleague Tim Chapman, who was unrelated to considered a blood brother by dog according to the reality shows website. He's a blood brother. Yeah, they swaps that. Marshall's not on the door of Chapman's home just after his six-same. Well, we don't have to read this. We could play that son-lating thing there with his wife carrying on. Where is it? So I can't believe this is happening again. That's the dog's wife. That there's really good man. He went and get this for those three and five minutes. He didn't violate it so badly. But he was set up for when he did read it. He did something wrong then. He wrote a statement to class classes. How was the friends of you that the US government? I mean, a lot of people are wondering. Chapman was cooperative. The BBC was handcuffed and placed in the back of the government. Be it for less. Deputy US Marshall J. B. Beber. Chapman's wife Beth told MSNBC, Rustman was being held in the federal detention center in Honolulu. The rest weren't as under serial charges expected to be announced today. When Chapman's cage was a little peer-reforced. Magistrates court in Honolulu. Larry Butrick, chief of the criminal division of the US attorneys orfits in Hawaii, said, Chapman was arrested by Mexican authorities in June 2003. On charges of illegal detention and conspiracy. The magistrate will determine whether Chapman could be after they did two Mexico and the final decision would be made by the US Secretary of State, according to the US attorney's office in Hawaii. Convilly, the US Secretary of State, not Condom's pleaser. Mexican police said that the three men subdued lost outside of Nightclub, put him in an SUV and drove him off to an 18th 2003. Police stopped to vehicles soon after were intercomended to custody. Chapman and his crew were not authorized to track lost or intranet take him into custody in Mexico. Mexican officials said at the time, adding that bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico. A lot of illegal. They sure lot of slime balls run down there. Judged Jose de Jesus, Pigneta, Jesus the judge, or do the three men to stand trial and charges of unlawful detention and deprivation of free and charges which carry sentences up to four years in prison. Pigneta granted the men bail 1500 each but the three were supposed to check in regularly with police and get Pigneta's permission before traveling outside the Mexican state of Halisco, a prosecutor said. Halisco. The men did not supervising prosecutor Marco Roberto Svara said in July 2003, threatening had the men arrested and returned to Mexico if they missed their schedule, it proves before Pigneta Pigneta. The following months of peer-requatureged Edward Broly invented a county California rule that Chapman wasn't in pleasable any of the million dollars in bail money for fitted by Lester when he fled the Mexico. I can't do vigilante justice, Broly said. My view, you violated state statutes and Mexican statutes, therefore you're not entitled to any restitution. Chapman later said he was proud of captured Lester, but regretted doing it in the wrong way. Dalgit, the bounty hunter, which Chapman and his family chased down bills, and prison, and other fugitives is one of A's and E's most popular series in its third season. And George loves it. And the trailer tracks, they all love it too, man. That's right. He looks like Halcogan, trailer track for the stars, especially the pictures real dark like the one on our mice based account. We have 500 in what? 90, some, 596, pounded 96 friends and in mice based. That's more people than you had listened to in jail all they long. It was a matter of fact, you know, I wrote down, I wrote from the last trend, I wrote down the day parts. I'll do that when we come back. Okay. Comparing QA, M&E team plus QA, M&E team plus QA, M&E 7090. I mean, who wants to listen to angry 60 year old men for Christ's like, what's his name? And that's Fatal Faggot. Who wants to hear that, Joel? 14 past 11, a QM, have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something is the moment of store stops carrying? Dalgit, after you make the purchase, that's right. Caled Dalgit, after it's at 1 800 macros, get factoryed, prices lower than the chain stores. Dalgit, also has 12 month financing for you. What's not to like? Caled 1 800 macros, you'll get the lowest prices on the best brands. Seely, surd a King Quill, Simmons temper, pedic, Stearns and Foster, you and he can do it. Dalgit, Tristan's got a 99.7% on time delivery rate too. All you do is pick the two hour one of that you want. Pick the date and time seven days a week, eight in the 10 p.m. Like say Wednesday from noon to two. When it's convenient for you when you're going to be home, and they show up on time. Even the very same day that you call for matter. If you call right now, you can be sleeping like a child as soon as tonight. And Dalgit, Tristan's delivers two. After carries one of the major reasons why the right number one of customer satisfaction, I've been using them for years and believe you made. They never let you down. They always bring your fantastic goods and the best prices going. So for the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do, just sit there on your fat ugly ass and make that one easy call to Dalgit. 1 800 macros, 1 800 mATTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for stupid Joel. You have a big name, so this talent's the basis we all want to ask for. 4.0.5.60. It's Friday. You best in the morning. I'm excited. I am a shortener. I am. I just do what I do. I'm a cheap man. I'm going to go to the lens. This is a big game. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. I'm going to go to the lens. You know I had someone who takes pride in what I do. I want to do it well. I just want to do something well. You know, bus and tables are. Bye bye. Just go away and do a well and soon. Twenty past ten. Here's what we wish we would go away. American Constellant. Yeah. Far away and soon. Turkey is ruling Islamic rooted party. Do you want to wave a criticism of the Pope today? You know the Nazi Pope? But there are Nazis running around the world. They're all the rage. They keep talking about his neo-fascism. And they're right about that part. They just haven't looked in the mirror yet. Turkey is ruling Islamic rooted party. They're going to wave a criticism of the Pope today. A music of trying to revive the spirit of the Crusades with the marks he made about the Muslim faith. The spirits of the Crusades, in other words, it offers. They couldn't refuse. Maybe that's why they like the mafia so much. Maybe that's why all the officers usually go to choice and give the big donations. You know, then they would have a church wedding and a church church. All the baptism and church funeral. They're all in it together. Even like in Lutiano, do you know that he had a church funeral? I imagine he did it. Even my last funeral for that. Oh, don't start with that, my little old man. Uh-oh. Muslim leaders elsewhere in the world also expressed his may with Pakistan's form ministry, summoning Novaticans ambassador to express re-gret over the remarks and Parliament passing a resolution condemning the comments. The Pope's words were deeply disturbing for Muslims all over the world. He has caused great hurt and anguish to ministry, send this statement. The Vatican envoy regretted the hurt caused the Muslims and said that the media totally miscontrued a misconscrewed certain historical quotes to Pope's newsletter. Bennett recorded from a book recounted a conversation between 14th century visiting Christian Emperor, Manual Paliole, Paliole, Lugos II, number him, Mani, who? Mani to his friends. And a person scholar on the truths of Christianity and Islam. The Emperor comes to speak about the issue of Jeha, Holy War, the Pope said. He said, I quote, show me just what Muhammad brought that was new. And there were all fine things only evil and inhuman, such as his command is spread by the sword of the faith he preached. Bennett did not explicitly agree with the statement nor repudiated. But of course, the fact that he quoted it, should have said something. Sully capazoo's, a deputy leader of Turkish Prime Minister, whatever it held his name is, Erdogan's party said, Benedict, or Marx were either the result of pitiful ignorance about Islam and his prophet or a deliberate distortion. Not bad enough that the deans were making cartoons of Muhammad, but now the Pope is putting words in his post. The comments raised tensions ahead of the his plan visit to Turkey in November. His first pilgrimage to a Muslim country, ill Papa. He has a dark mentality that comes from the darkness of the Middle Ages. He has a poor thing that has not benefited from the spirit of reform and a Christian world. Capazoo's was quoted as saying by the state on Antony and Anatolia news agency. It was like an effort to revive the mentality of the Crusades. Bennett, if you author a such unfortunate and insulin remarks is going down in the history for his words. He said, he's going down in history in the same category as leaders such as Hitler and Mussolini. How do you like that? The Pope is thrown gasoline onto the fire. Thank God the price of that gas is coming down just before the election. And the world where the risk of a clash between religions is high said, How look coke? Oh, I better not say it in any other way. It's KOC. Cook. Deputy head of the Republican people's party is a small group of protesters like a black-reath and firmly Vatican's embassy in Ankara. Turkey. There's no comma comma in there. That's where it is. It left in Ankara. Turkey. Now, let's see. Here's one that says, I guess you're having issues with the Sun Sentinel again. You missed this gym. Now, what is this in? No, I do have issues on there. They're website. It just did sucks. I can open up certain pages. Now, this isn't sarny. How come you didn't tell me this about missing the crow? How come I didn't tell you? Didn't I ask you to like check out when he had this because I couldn't get past pay. I want to know. I'm sorry. Look, I punched that into the third place. I didn't. I'm the right person. Okay. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I don't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't get to know. I didn't. I don't. I don't. I didn't get a deal. It was that every year. I think I knew where I Tiere. All greens give me Gagina from every city they're getting to me. Himanseria.erve. I.) I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. Please don't. newspapers for our success. We got little Tommy Jick at theirficent and was going to bug up his ass. So even if we get an 80 sure he won't write about that, who hates to show like poison because I don't take a lot of stupid calls and don't take any stupid calls as of yesterday or anytime and if we're seeable future next 10 years. How do you like that, Joel? Just because you're such a jerk, I think I'm going to re-up until I croak. I'm going to sign a lifetime contract. How do you like that? How you like them apples? Well, that's a good to be. Oh, and by the way, what did you say they got like three more years left? Five more years in three year by year? Yeah, right. I thought what I'm hearing. The rumors that are being started inside the building over there saying that they're going to lie you right. That's what I'm hearing. Aren't you? I heard it just now. An Allison told us a lot of stuff or she did dirt that she gave us over there. Wow, she said it's trouble. If there's one person man, if she don't everyone here from against that's too God, she said if she hears his name again, it'll be too soon. Keep calling her. You know something when people keep calling you and bug in the crap, buddy, like somebody we used to have that was called a Joe Rose at home and Hank at home. How do I mention a name? Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. I mentioned a lot. Remember that? Yeah. Big deal. How to give you an update of what took place just now off the year? Because I think it's important. Yes. How are just called the radio station? How are they? But who I get along with great? I thought he called me a. I already did that. I can't believe I ended up that already. What a good job. I made up the way I was doing it. I think it's important here. How are just called the radio station? Who I get along with great? I thought he called me a. Saying I was trying to stir it out. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7 to measly listening love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's become empowered the caller like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listen. So just want to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. But don't call you. Because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting a take in the big hit on the radio station from everybody else, but it's over me and you've done. The biggest things. That's how much to bicis we all got. Because we've forged radio 5, 60. You came. Where's the five touchdown. Come up a of All the lives, all the lives There's a guy who's high on the killin' And he's high as fuck Once in one gets done on the path Jesus picks up back Jesus's eyes are still by him He never shall judge Once in one gets done on the road Through the church it's right The world's lost out And he's in the grass The father's lost out He likes his fingernails He's not a false false talc He's a grubious man He's not a false false talc He's not a false talc He fouls his own hands All the lives And he's in the grass And he's not taking killin' up there He'll do better killin' up there Who's a tailor one time So forget to take your pill And I just got into a town And he's in the grass And I don't care about it He's a fucking fool But since I can't be a cook Oh, I'm on the show. Oh, I'm on the show. Stop, stop, stop. Can't get in the rest. Stop, stop, stop, stop. You don't need to make such a mess. Stop, stop, stop. You can't get in the air. Stop, stop, stop. Stop, stop, stop. You don't stop, stop. Stop, stop, stop. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You don't put the getting higher. Hey, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, good workting high real high. Oh, good work. Hey, oh, good. Stop, stop, stop. Can't get in the rest. Stop, stop, stop. Don't get in the rest. Stop, stop. You don't need to make such a mess. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. Stop, stop, stop, stop. I should probably play what up dog. It's a good idea. Maybe the Stinky Partner can make a deal. We'll give you a 410 million illegal aliens who are keeping hostage here in the USA. It's a small bag. They don't really call it a deal. If you've heard me to lament, I've heard you lament. You're on a hostile man. Anyway, here's those numbers. Hey, don't forget. It also don't forget to set your Tvo. Well, that's right. I got to record Keith Oberman because in fact, it's a road among the same sheep that Kevin sent the facts on. I like that. Wow. Keith Oberman's repeating his commentary on 9. 11 and 9. You should not miss this one since Kevin. It is better even than the one on Donnie Hermann Gary Rumsfeld. All right. That's a countdown MSNBC 8 to 9 PM Monday through Friday 8 to 9. Go miss it. Tvo recorded. Squeeze it. The 2018 plus and last trend that's made of June and July. The interesting part of this is now this gets your little last involved. See, even George is going to beat the crap body of midday. How do you like that, Joel? Beat the snout out of you. You can't compete with George. Even poor little George. Maybe I should have talked about sports. Yeah, George, we're going to talk about sports. Then you could probably be on an even keel. But nevertheless, let's see, morning, 6 to 10 AM, 2 AM or 2. This is many, team plus QAM 2.3. There were always the only guy to go on the year 1.5. So you, you know, figured out. It's like a 0.8. It's like 50% more. Midday is 10 to 3 and 10 to 3, not 10 to 2. If you take 10 to 2, we'd head over a 6 in men. 5.3 for QAM 1.1 for 790. 1.1. Barely making the final tubes in the transmitter below. 3 to 7, 2.7. And again, that's 3 to 7. That was including one of the hours of the week. So we have to go for disaster that would hit me. Just like we have to be several with 2.7 because this is before the change. And then they got 1.6. That's the big kind of thing. That's the big number. Danny Lamesford and Stu Goss who's worried about around the gadsence playing for the bills with his sausage. 2.7 for QAM and 791.6. Almost double the way I look at it when you say. Sounds like it. And nighttime, 7 a midnight, QM a 2.4, which is those marlins. Well, you know, what do I say? That of course is before tomorrow's got really hot. So we might be having like a 2.5. And across the street, oh my god, 7 a midnight, they got a 0.6. 0.6 and he's happy with what they got. Well, I'm glad you are, Joel. And that's good that you're not spending any money for salaries because why waste it, you know? Why throw right through a bad money after worse. Anyway, getting back to the Pope. I don't want to spend any more time on your buddy when they're because we don't want to do too much to hurt him. See, he's tried every angle. How about the sympathy factor? They'll do anything to hurt a childish man. That's a worth and adults being childish. He's like 29 going on 15, I guess. Child. But you know, when you got daddy's money, we got a thousand and seventy eight boats on the condom. Please, if I pull, they're not too keen on her. Now, what? Let's see. 6.3% of our audience says she's brilliant. Oh, yeah. And he's brilliant too, you know. I was making the point there. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. Rocket scientists. They're a lot. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not. When he speaks, yeah, kind of like that. Only not as, not as amusing as we're taking as old chicken. I'll wave over this a little bit more on it. You know, quite sure like now, I got that thing showed off. I don't think I ever turn it on again. I mean, it's there if we need it. You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Now, there's if somebody important was going to call in on a phone. You know, like Joel, or maybe very jackass. But a lot of stuff on this Pope is this, a wave of Muslim outrage swept the globe after Pope Benedict XVI linked Islam with violence with a Pakistani parliament demanding that he retracts the statement. The Pakistani said, if you don't cut the crap by a bang, don't call us violent or blow you up. That's right. And India, the head of the minorities commission said the Pope was the leader of a billion Catholics worldwide sounded like a medieval crusader. And in Gaza City, a grenade exploded outside of Christian church all of the were no casualties or damage. Yeah, you're going to piss us off. But a bang will show you a thing or two. Said good old religious love. We love the Kailia. Out going Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Hania said the head of the Roman Catholic Church should stop attacking Islam. These remarks go against the truth and touch the heart of our faith, Hania told reporters after the main weekly Muslim prayers in the Gaza mosque. The Pope should revise his comments and stop attacking Islam, which is the religion, a more than one and a half billion people in the world he we see. The Pope made his comments in a complex speech in the German city of Regansburg on Tuesday. And implicitly denounced the connections between Islam and violence, especially with regard to Jehad or Holy War. Jehad my ass. His official spokesman laid the way to said that Benedict respected Islam, but rejected violence motivated by religion. And thank God the Catholic Church has never been involved in that. Ha ha ha ha. Man, that's right. Woo! You talk about the Pope called the kettle pink. The King of the State. The King of the State. The King of the State. The King of the State. The King of the State. The King of the State. The King of the State. The King of the State..... Saigon in the church. Ow! I wrote my no to the FCC. I told them all lies once we saw the envy. And I was just a seguier My Chris J. Triand spirit, a crusher thief, the Wittner had come to l. We're engaging with men, the bad is even when it's so don't provide me in us today We're out as men of God, but it's not when they need to do it when they want to say it's a fool They're living in heaven and down the river and wild in wild food We're getting it all with bristing the old songs that are so undersized It's almost gone, it's very complicated, but it's just a misunderstanding The closet made of fresh tin balls, we found the mobile found with it's real estate When we wagging the green, no things are out and men of God We're going to sadly gain, don't you do what you're doing Just do what you say, hey, Potter, can you help the normal boy Don't you do what you do, just do what you say Oh yeah, that was some line about using violence to try to promote their religion Thank God they have their church never did that That's great, thank the Lord, thank Jesus Hey, here's a fact, it says McCarthy is alive and well, the body of George Bush You have an economic punishment A correct that You're telling me, oh man, he is the best According to the New York Times editorial this morning It seems that our president wants to have anyone who gives material support to a terrorist group Or anyone affiliated with a terrorist group Is a threat to this country and should be removed from the judicial system and subjected to a military trial This definition could include people that are knowingly gave to a charity They didn't know what's affiliated to a so-called terror group This law could be used to arrest legal citizens or residents of the US And put them before a military commission See that these New York Times editorial for more detailed information Excuse the errors in the no problem, thank you so much That of 1996 votes, which means next time I click it, it'll be overloaded 100 Joel, honey like that, eat your heart out sweetheart And like very jackass, I want to make sure I quoted direct letter when Powards in Barry's mouth or certainly anything else It says it will be it says it's difficult to envision 790 out rating WQM in the foreseeable future If ever and that's underlined, I wonder why that It'll be impossible, it'll be impossible for emphasis man from POSIS It'll be impossible for the ticket to win during Rogers hours, 10 to 2 Impossible, you ought to be playing very colmo right now It's impossible RC-A record Oh, the other has that You got it If you don't have you got round and round you must have it's impossible Come on, can a chicken pea or lot it's impossible There it is, I knew you could do it Oh, oh yeah Each or hard out over there across the street you jackass You can't play no curry colmo records You're ready to play and pink and curry colmo side by each Oh, we do it We do it We do it Not step on peri now, it hurts, we have means Tell the song that I leave the score That's what very jackass is Baby your chances of winning in midday while I'm on here On a scale of oh, our minus infinity You're going to have to try and invite away My parents both lived till past 90 I'm going to be alive till 100 I'm signing a hundred year contract extension How do you like that for five bucks a year just to piss you off Because we'll do anything to hurt your ugly ass And by the way, you all cost a voice Okay, it's enough When I think about the Pope, I've got the old whipped up You know, picking on that poor German Pope He's got their lovely red shoes And you ought to read his diary Okay, can I get back to business now? This is serious I don't believe me Deadly serious How can it be serious when I'm looking at it? Puss We believe Every time I turn him on he's home-thing Man he's no web of meat but a loop but about like that A little bit six point two percent burden on Condolee's on a pool I don't want to keep reading that whole poor resolve Then Jim is certainly right in cost to comments Hey, sir, you wanted to buy a radio you jackass you idiot Oh, he does have a radio but it's he's got one of those crystal sets that stuck on seven sixty in Palm Beach He's got the lovifurgon with a ventone I guess we didn't like Kevin Cohen very much or his brother Marty Am I right? I imagine we're given that on here audition a couple of times and he shouldn't come back Now you don't think that was because of chicken act to it That would make me feel real bad Jim becomes Jim becomes Jim becomes I didn't know what he had on WCWF That was my obligatory raps going open To familiarize myself to you The listening audience on this my live audition on the Many thanks to Clarence and Greeper for the lightful dinner end date last night That was a wild grind under the Shaquille O'Neal post of over my headboard I say Shaquille O'Neal in order to distance myself from those who just say she act in an attempt to establish my own identity Thanks, fellas, you say I have the gift of gab as opposed to being ungifted in other ways So let's talk intensive sports now shall we? It provides nebysheities such as myself and apple tuna to feel accomplished in something they never could accomplish in their lives Even in high school when I would hide under the bleachers from the bullies and apple the jax Nicken to the locker room to inhale yellow laundry I am glad to be sitting down after last night with Clarence and Greeper All day I have been walking like William Boyd Will be right back with more broadcast professionalism after these wades for master applied The following program is brought to you by Ah Oh man Yeah, we didn't hear from Evan no more after that And so it's probably chicken-like spot you bastard I might have to hold his check back a couple of days And that's your get him going you're probably gonna phone call any second Let's see now I'm one of your package showed up down there because my phone rang once and I may give up Who I hope it was Packages down there with that fanx if it's not it's not good. You're gonna go get it during break Why do I need what what am I gonna oh that's what's got to be on thing and they're doing this next break Yeah, I like what I know if that's what it is Oh the package that is Well, what do you mean by that in other words acquiring minds want to know whatever. I want to know if it ever got there. Yeah Well be prepared because it's a formative break Okay, all of it does have 75 units units in it. I got the card Alisa song all cut up Buy or sue my me arena to force sale decision may impact Marlon stadium Oh my god I'll dispute over the sale of the Miami arena may have important implications for major league baseball's efforts to build a Marlon's baseball stadium in downtown Miami right by the prestigious Camille House A company owned by developers got silver suit arena owner Glenn Straub when Zeta fourth arena sale claiming Straub is trying to back out of his contract to sell the Miami arena the Spad comes is major league baseball Eyes property south of the arena for a new stadium and it's in to contract with least one property owner Daniel Area so owns the city of the office building in northwest fifth street northwest first Avenue City signed a contract in August to sell his roughly one acre property you major league baseball And then how do you like that We will stay at broker who's partnering with silver middle. You'll say they would be willing to use some of the nearly five acre land for a Stating where to build a project that compliments the ballpark if you said they would do so as long as it would not diminish the development capability of the Miami arena property Using forces of the arena land could alleviate concerns expressed by Marlon's officials that the downtown property proposed for a ballpark is too small too small man too small Just like the scope from instead of our shoe barn he's too small Straub wouldn't comment on the arena yesterday under areas contract signed some time in August Are yes would not name a date major league baseball's got sixty days to make a judicial pain or walk away from the deal just just walk away Jonathan Mariner major league executive of baseball enterprise president return calls this week for comment Miami mayor many Diaz who some was making those counterfeit bills also declined comment about the proposed downtown ballpark The hero report last month that major league baseball's are going to the collection of parcels between north west 7th and north west fifth street north of Miami Haven't been for real life. That sure would be a great place for a ballpark wouldn't it not downtown Miami sure Did you know everybody went and I hear they got a shopping mall that they're going to build very even bigger than the Eaton Center and she thought our buying up to is all those brickle condos man like halavama like her while they were Until housing bubble started to burst. Uh-oh see there. He goes again bursting our bottle. You're so freaking negative I'm almost thinking your hates. I thought I'm sick. You don't want to be here any more than you absolutely Potsatively have to wash the fervoment. Yeah, that's my philosophy 112 votes on the poll. I told you I bet if I refreshed that we got more than that we can do we can do better than that as the she quotes say 1103 I told you Can I tell you yes you did I'm on a roll baby look out Joe I'm gonna be real dangerous and I'm on you by the way. You're not feeling anybody. I'm on your ass I'm on your whole routine 1103 which of these best describes kind of laser rise in competent 262 sell out 243 Can't stand that slot. I guess you know is it worth it? To me it is yeah, it's a lot of effort to reach over Can't stand that's a lot there you go 2018 said that evil 120 evil condom plays a bull by 113. Oh boy 50 to ain't never been married But she's real tight with at Nazi from Canada to the brilliant 69 6.2 percent that number keeps dropping and dropping and dropping and rightfully so brilliant my ass If I've my ass is got a hierarchy of in her head. I hate this pool 41 3.7 percent well We hate you to gross 19 and a butcher 18 or speaking of butchers Every single time man Stomor a stammers and stumpers and really very sad don't forget we got the mad dog from hooters To rally this afternoon and then of course the power hour and what was the other line it very said? Or is that compliment he gave to me without mentioning my name a second time he doesn't want to overdo it He said it's difficult to make inroads against QAMS form will afternoon line a bolstered by the Goldberg man It's 4 to 5 p.m. Perring which was an inspired idea meal QAM This Dick Jamie how I'd relaxed my having very Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new rotters Welcome on our Group hey There's gonna w q a s stands first in their misguided commitment to stretch what should be a five minute segment of sport in To 20 hours a day to convince ourselves that corporate is never wrong We went directly to you the listener I'm doing to a yo sports for not on W to a m oh sure I can't afford to buy anything to advertise but it does let me day dream about man How does this in the world sports radio affect your life? Well, I can support my favorite teams in Ashley even if they wouldn't give you the sweat off their jacks Sure, I know they care about me and my opinion at least I pretend I know them personally But you don't know any patients no, but I can still go woo woo when my team wins What a game what a game is that change your life? Nobody feels good to do that or something. What if they lose? Is that change your life? No, you like men And see the menu I like it's men that you watch and walk about One wake up next to in the morning I got it go man my pants are getting tight. I got to look and see if I'm not always no package Yeah, I told me and depressed about that I got to check raw story and see if there's any update here on the skier America before I do this story Okay, I want to be given no misinformation fromation on here like cancer and hers is plain I placed them to love you. I'm not what do you mean by that? I can't walk into them at the same time Jesus old bush on terror. They're coming again. Yeah, they're coming to take us away. Ha-ha Let's see bush says cancer and been on all this bush crap, you know, and I put a book Bush a second choice VP nominee attacks Republicans over big you a brother is in gay bashing That's the story is developing it says, but does it say anything more here about skier America? Unless we want a Google it you want a Google it? What do you want to know? America Anyway, here's the latest story. This is from New York sun For me, I don't even heard from the York sun did you? Alexander and maybe I don't know since era America faces a cash crunch. It's star host says Era America radio the liberal talk show never kiss fighting off bankruptcy the face of the network Al Franken told the New York sun on Wednesday They comedian and liberal authors said the financial situation is dire enough that he hasn't been paid recently Oh my god, he's right in there with a crow How do you like that? So he's a mom truck truck problem. We have a cash flow problem. That's what I know Mr. Franken told us on no cash has been flowing to me That's the first thing I got there was a cash problem. No, he stopped getting paid Mr. Franch, and this is and remember somebody told us that they were paying him too many near Someone said that Mr. Franch and reportedly runs a base salary about too many near from the radio network. Oh, brother Woo The stench of commoner is off at at the top. Oh, wow, is there very he said he is found out He wasn't being paid a week ago and that he had some recent conversations with management over financial problems I know that they're trying to get it together to weather the storm like we have in the past He said hopefully we will Financial problems have dog to start up radio never since his launch in March 2004 since launch time on September 1 Eramer her radio switched its New York flagship station from WLIB on 119 AM to a station with a much much much much Weekers signal 16 hundred a mww rl in New York 1600 on the far edge of the dial as a part of that move the radio network Wait off as many as nine employees How many delay? nine employees a spokesman for America Jamie horn said Miss horn said in the statement yesterday notice season has been taken to make any filing of any kind She said yeah, we already had that line still the statement left open to possibility that some kind of shake up a Restricting could occur soon both liberal and conservative web logs reported the numbers most recent financial woes yesterday Meaning Wednesday a liberal web lot think progress reported the network's expected to file for bankruptcy Friday meaning today That's why I mean did you google it? Are you looking? Yeah, there's some stories impacting you one really was it's all in the lines of what you're already said Now what you're faxing you to me just to waste my paper again? Yes, you have many maple trees. We have to knock down For all the paper heard as waste got one of the networks found is Carl Gimsberg I want to show hope he's not came to Allen again for him. Sure. He's not for Arnie Ginsberg Recently resigned in former CEO Danny something rather who's currently a vice chairman of the network has said he'll leave it to end of the year Recently a host of an era America talk show actress Dining Garaffalo left in a work to pursue other professional opportunities And who was supported by the network they said will pack you sandwich the web log of her former show the majority report now hosted by Sam Seder Seder Say yesterday that if the network does file for bankruptcy the radio a lot of could continue in the same fashion during a reorganization in the final Analyzation era America is not the last word in progressive talk but only the beginning of a new genre of talk radio Last year, Eramerica was involved in a scandal involving a boys and girls club based in Cooper city in the Bronx. What is that? I can't read it. Oh, prompting a problem right hand margin again. You know Comping a probe by the cease department investigation in the office of the state of Trinity General Elliott's stitzer the probe is still underway That's the next governor New York by the way Elliott's bitter and possibly the next president of the US you may laugh now See more people never heard of him. I'm telling he's great who? Well, he was helping lots of radio network a former director of America Evan Montfell Evan Montfell Cohen or Enko one see that this is a Marty Cohen simultaneously serving his development director for glory Why is it girls club mr. Cohen told us that he arranged for a transfer of 875 grand from the club to help the start of the way D. O. I I can't do this one Okay, now yesterday's folks in for the doi Emily Jess at the transfer has not yet occurred Doi expects to earn market up hold its commitment to repay victims of the scheme poor boys and girls Well, man, they took 875 grand and they used that to start up secure America nice very nice Just what's so called progressive need Whoops, he sees it's not easy. Yes Okay, oh right I done it No, see you can't do it. I got to face you some and I bet Let's have a doi off 1125 looks on the pool. I'm keeping my eye neck because while I'm thinking we can make 1300 day and that would piss off You'll big time he would admit it and would he would say oh, there he goes again doing anything to hurt us By the way, I certainly hope for your sake that ball headed to the Rosenstein bird cranks whatever his name is and hop in a car and take off and go back to New York to drive a cab or something Because that remember those rumors were floating around a lot of rumors going on all of them coming from inside that building That's like the funny part and they blame his jewel bell for Thomas salespeople who go out there and start these room First of all, Joe don't have time for such crap. Secondly. He's not that creative. Anyway liberal and conservative media bloggers There's been rampant this week with reports that fledzing progressive talkway see there's that progressive again Liberal liberal. It's not a dirty words quick to suck it up to that right wing insanity Liberal talkway to never care America's on the verge of falling for bankruptcy reports also speculated the possibility of a pull out by major investors and a revamped lineup when enough They're gonna pull it out Wow a misty affair in America to remember was revealed at the network his dropped your experience since an any based talk show from a trigger lineup to be replaced by Sam Seder Why I come to a savior? Why what are they serving? Mata still mata however springer show will still be offered by America through its indication arm Whatever that means a facelift at the springer Cincinnati sales team say almost all their 50s I'm a filial sir staying with the show while springer will be dropped at the New York affiliate in favor of the same Seder show every day's a sater doesn't have to be paced off. They have a sater when you're in New York The New York Post reported that Rob Glazer that we'll not were found to invest in money in America to keep it afloat has pulled out There are America also reportedly lay off six employees this week Pundit and former sater nanot live writer Al Frankenman at worst highest profile star told the in New York well We know he hasn't been paid the several weeks. I'm what is reportedly a two million dollar your contract On his radio show Thursday Franken professed to no inside knowledge about a possible filing in the shirt List is even if it happened the program would continue. I'm still flying on the United he said referring to the airline that had gone through bankruptcy Wow, he also joke. I'm so confident. I went out and bought another sports car Wow, you excited thrilled Let's see here's Harry and Hialia Says in reading the overtime ratings as long as I can remember or you have I was just curious how many people does one point represent one point All the friends that how many people are listening that you know That's maybe something you should explain to a lot of people don't understand We mean the listening pool changes throughout the day and the point is a percentage of the two share in a morning Would be a lot more than a two share say from seven a midnight right? It's a person. It's a share of you know out of a hundred percent of Whatever is listening. So if there's a billion people listening them a three or four share would be a lot if there's like five people listening And three or four share would be like you know a foot an arm a leg Also wondering who gets these books have never seen one or not anyone who has the diaries the arbitrage hopefully our friends Right, they do it at random or said that way we do a question when you can't request one Harry We wish you could wish you could request it. Yeah, thanks That's for Joel. I really joke and help you out Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I think that's a diaries Wow, that's said Are they continue shadow boxing they're fighting with an imaginary? I was just what I'm interested you're not in our league baby. You're not in the same category you're not in the same category We're the sports talk monster if you don't believe me just take a look at my face the sports talk monster take a look at the Humphrey space And About a month take a look at both hands for you want to see a monster wow I want to think out over there. They got too God That's didn't they got a bunch of silly people. I got poor Joe and remember these they got your roses because Greg we made a bad bad mistake Joe was kicking ass between eight and ten we had a good lead in that point I hope that Kenny Walker talking about pink That's very reassuring. I'm glad to know that somebody who is listening there is what will wear the fact that they're talking about more than just the stupid sports stuff And obviously Joe fibers one of those people who really believe just like Ray Perry Did everybody in the world wants to hear people talking about the same ball game and the same sports garbage Over and over and over until it's coming out of your ears man That's right What is that that your plan? Oh, I thought it was pink. I was like I would know I thought I probably saw pink before you did because I think him and they started when I was like an Amsterdam I'll see in their videos when if you were about the right time and sure What I don't know if we're part of it. I see pink Sometimes I see red. I don't know if we're talking about the same person What do you mean pink pink is a person female with pink here? Okay depending on what day the week yeah, yeah, okay. Well, okay, but then you didn't have a group pink Groupies no no she's got a she didn't sing with like other ref emails pink She has been no two, but no she's an individual. Okay. Sorry. So problem well I'm gonna listen a lot more to Kenny Walker because he and board gonna be talking a lot about pink though Educate is all how many pinkos oh 12 13 already we better get with it again You know that's my thing. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I have you know that's my every last door. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. So anyway, I think what if this is trying to see here, what we gotta put on. I've gotta be careful with this. Watch out. All right. He's an aft. That's a good job. That was a much faster finger. He says, we need one of your bedtime stories. Coach from Condom, please arise. Please one to thank you, Mr. Turn for around your full. She's an a-hole. Let's get that on there right away, but of course we spell the whole word on our full. Yeah. Rounds of hole. You have a bit of a weekend too, and thank you so much. Good point. She is an a. She's a hole, eh. I think that's what those Canadians were saying about her up there in the. That's right. Those new fees are where we're gonna help she was. And then in 48 votes will have 1,200 by 1 o'clock. You can depend on it. And then who the hell knows if we can make 1,300 after that on a Friday? I don't know. Let's not get too carried away. Here's somebody who says, I just heard you mention Kamil was house. You should know that the city is moving in far away from downtown near J.M.H. The city doesn't want to homeless near the rich people moving in. You can see a picture of the facility at Kamilos.org. And they're seeking donations as usual. I'd go left to them. They're doing a lot of money for them. Of course they didn't. They were all that happy about it, so screw them. And it's a good thing they're getting them to hell out of there. Maybe somebody would go to the ball games. That was one of the real pleasant things about going to the pants and games when they were in the arena. Although it certainly was a better ambiance inside than in the macarina. How about those pants? Oh, got hockey starting today. Maybe the breaking camp, breaking bread. Aren't you excited about that? Break of it. Break of it. Huh? Break in that you said there's ass. The evening is just a dream. You want to see the image in the pants? The scene of playing what? Break our song? Play it, catch it? And then getting the pass is the middle of the ring. On the full line. And here's the song. Here's the shot right here. Eric Dejardin. Frog. Anyway, that's a vendingous miracle. We should have started to show it. I usually do get out of the way, but we had all that Joel stuff to deal with. Joel stuff. We'll do anything to kill them. A suicide truck bomb hit a US Army outpost yesterday in Baghdad killing two American soldiers leaving 25 wounded. One soldier was killed at the scene of the attack while the second data was wounded at a hospital. He sat at the soldiers, a string of attacks left more than 20 people dead yesterday across Iraq, a courty-west and Iraqi official. Well, it's hard to keep in pace. Look at that, A-holes already got a vote. Let's see, September 12th and 13th, oh 40% he's having read on 40 in the Fox News poll. The Fox News divide by two in subtract six. Fox News and my ass were super-roll ratings. Now, I got news for it. They're pushing it if they say 40% they're really pushing it. John Young writes in the Waco Tribune, Harold, ah, those conspiracy theories he says. And of course this isn't what you think it's going to be. They got it since that caustic facts a couple of days ago. Now, it's going to be what you think it's going to be sweetheart. Okay. Okay. He says the nation's foremost 9-11 conspiracy theorists was on meet the press Sunday. And we all thought conspiracy theorists get no face time and mainstream media. Well, the helps when you divide the president of the USA, that would be dipchini. Next, possibly the Fox News sees the chief agent behind the belief held by so many including many of our fighting forces that we attack Iraq because it had something to do with 9-11. Months after President Bush said that it wasn't so a Senate and Teldon's committee reports said it again last week. Son of Hussein had only detected Al-Qaeda, but apparently tried to capture Abu Musaval Zakawi. Pressed about this by NBC's Tim Russell, Cheney said that he hadn't read the report. That's amazing. Then again, it's not. When I mentioned 9-11 conspiracy theorists, you've thought first about people who believe that the US government was behind 9-11 and did nothing to prevent it. These individuals are dismissed as coops and crazys. But those who send young men and women off to a war based and politically calculated leaps of reasoning get treated with difference and motorcades. Time magazine had a story last week titled, Why the 9-11 conspiracy won't go away. It wasn't talking about Bush Cheney's explanations for going to war. It was talking about those who believe our government might have brought down the twin towers. Time didn't really say why those theories won't go away, but a set of polls helped. Stunningly, a script's Howard Paul recently found that 36% of Americans, yes more than one and three, don't believe the established accounts of what happened in 9-11. But I'll still don't believe, for one, a time poll found that 54% believe the US rule in Iraq is hurting not helping the war on terrorism, implied at least that many Americans don't equate Iraq and the war on terrorism at all. 53% don't believe that Sodom who said that any connection in 9-11, 53% of what was to the use, I don't know. What about what am I talking about? They keep telling us, oh no, they didn't have any connection and they're finally admitting it. They're saying it. In the 53% this is in sobering contrast to a zombie poll that found as many of 85% of US troops in Iraq and February said the US mission is mainly to retaliate for Sodom's role in the 9-11 attacks. 85% of US troops in Iraq and February said that. That's why they think that they're there. 77% of those troops said they believe a major reason for the war was to stop Sodom from protecting Al-Qaeda in Iraq. Like our vice president, they haven't read the US Senate until this committee report either. All said it should surprise nobody to see the level orange polling numbers showing distrust in our government. Sunday, Taney told Russia that the fact that no Americans have been killed on the Homeland since 9-11 should give some credence to the notion that maybe somebody did something right. That might be so relevant to the Homeland, but many Americans would point out that the invasion of Iraq has resulted in almost as many American discs as happened on 9-11, 2001 and made them at least far less stable than it was before. 2672, by the way, and this Americans would get in close to 2700, but who's counting? This was a gruesome twist on the throwaway line that we're fighting them over there so we don't have to fight them here. What's happened is that young Americans have died there to justify old men's conspiracy theories. That said, all the old men over there, what do you say? I'm too gay to go in pretty tragic. Of course, who don't want to say about your old men on the radio? You know, what they said that like two years ago and all of us are two years older, and we're still looking at the rest. In spite of all the Greg's mistakes and all his machinations and immensulations and stuff, we're still kicking the rest big time, big fat juicy, but and wait to see what's going to happen. I would have candy in Bochio and now those hours of powers between the two and seven in the afternoon. The feasting of this hell, my older whole dude, Rogers, for Shridio fight, watch the ball of you, and him. Holy Macanon, this is Tio Boe in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. And he's still alive, how do you like that? And it's headed the Shridio, shrunk three sizes this week. I'm sure you've said it. Throw. 1177 votes and if we go release the synthed package in a coming here. No, no, I sent it. He filled out the paperwork. Well, whoever I will stop reading the lies. Whatever you guys do, it's just, you know, I mean, when you say paperwork, I mean, you know, that's the things routinely all the time, you know, as the music takes, how has do we, you know, I did talk about this, it takes you for a life thing out. I don't know, five minutes, not even that, not even. Well, I don't know where you're sent up, but it's your right coming here. All right, I guess I'm going to have to go out and buy the beyond CD. Come on, right now. What? Don't do that. Why not? Do you think it's that thing is going to show up here? It might. No, whether they want to say it originally Wednesday and here it is Friday after noon now. I think you sent it at the dry cleaning room somewhere. It's possible. What the gas station? I think you stuck it in the wrong slot. Of course, it wouldn't be the first time. No. Hey, we're back to the set committee to five present and push on Thursday to prove charity, tending legislation he has vowed to block deepening reporting conflict over terrorism and national security in the middle of election season. And of course he was on it with his press conference this morning, militant and belligerent and hostile and nobody changed, and nobody changed their mind. Republican Senator John Warner Virginia normally approached a reporter pushed him over through his arm services committee by a 15 to nine vote with Warner and three other GOP lawmakers joining Democrats. The votes at the stage for a showdown on the Senate floor as early as next week. Earlier in the day, Mr. Bush had your name to become a trial and nailing down support for his own version of legislation. The president's measure would go further than the Senate package and allowing classified evidence to be with health from defendant's interior trials using coerced testimony and protecting U.S. interrogators against prosecution freezing methods that violate the Geneva Convention. I'll resist any bill that doesn't enable this program to go forward with legal charity, Mr. Bush saying. In other words, the hell with the Geneva Convention? Why not? Shouldn't they feel that? They violated every treaty that discovered said in the lines for 50 years and you know, whatever the hell it is, they're going to do it their way. Isn't that the way we do it? The Bush F in way? That's right. The world's. Look at that five for A whole already for Congolese thank you, Vince. She's already got five A holes. Man, or like Oprah if you look at her, I think she's mostly A hole or something close to it if you watch that sound parking. It is close. Yeah. Well, she had a talking. Yeah. Be surprised. What could talk? Talking body part. American Airlines that confirmed it's sticking about pulling advertising from ABC and it's affiliated properties in order to protest this portrayal in that network's recently and moving the path to 911 and that propaganda piece and a piece of turd. We're still waiting our options that American representative Tim Wagner who confirmed this to a first report that September 12 by Adweek Online. Pulling advertising is something that's currently under review. He said we're currently telling our following our ad schedules. The option is open to pull our local advertising as well. Most local ads runs around major hubs in Dallas for Worts Chicago, LA and Miami. We do a lot advertising in smaller markets too we said. The carrier also said it's considering legal action against the network. ABC representatives could not be reached for comment. The airline spends 25 million annually on broadcast TV as thank God we're not affiliated with ABC. Channel 10. American just spent 80 grand in 2005 and about 125,000 through the first seven months of this year to place ads at ABC. Those figures don't include local spending or spending on ABC owned cable properties. The carriers all lay across all ABC properties own and affiliate cannot be determined. The one source said since spending terms of least $3 million a year. Robert, Roger Frisell, what does it look like for Zell again? Roger Frisell has present corporate communications advertising for American confirmed that the client is mulling its legal options within the library. The film in both its first and second parts appears to suggest that chief hijacker Mohamed Ata was flagged as a security risk at Boston's Logan Airport by American airline personnel. According to the 9-11 commission report that incident occurred earlier that morning in Maine and the airline was US airways, US scare. Late Monday, American Airlines released the following statement. The Disney ABC TV program the path to 9-11 which began every last night is inaccurate and irresponsible in its portrayal of the airport check and events that occurred the morning of September 11, 2001. A factual description of those events can be found in the official government edition of the 9-11 commission report in supporting documents. This misrepresentation affects this honor as the memory of innocent American Airlines employees and all those who lost their lives as a result of the tragic rights of 9-11. You go American although wouldn't fly. I never let you go. Right? Right. Twice. Here's a good one. In the name of the Lager, beer used in British Church at campaign. Is it this? Nope. In the name of the father, the son, the Lager, and the Holy Ghost. Oh, yeah. And yesterday we had that story about that thing that had a thing that I didn't let Josh do it. The guy said Jesus is his face on a scene. Yeah. Sorry. Took away your opportunity for glory. I guess that it's not. You'd be private later. The punch line. It would be one thing if it was just any old scene put it over. Two pieces of advice. That's right. Well, guess what? And miraculous image of Jesus Christ in the fraught of an almost empty part of beer is to be used as an add to encourage more Britain to go to church this Christmas. And there was the picture right there. We had did I just, in fact, to see it. Yeah, but they'll have to go back to the link to the original article to see the picture of the the thing. The glass. You see it? Oh, yeah. Look at that. I never even looked at that. That's Jesus man. God. I never did say it. No, Google. There's one on our website. Now you don't have to Google. It's just going our website. Good. And the name of the Lager beer. And that's his story. And then when you click on the story, just go back to the link to the original story and the picture is where were you find them and then it shows them up. And first I didn't like seeing anything. But it's like anything. I'll say, if you look at it long enough, you'll see whatever they tell you to see. You know the suggestion. You see it? Right. No, you can't still loading over here. Get out of here. What kind of stinky ask computer you got there anyway? You like God. All right. They've a lot of it. Got it? Slowed now the other this story. Oh, my God. No wonder that the infetix didn't get her yet. You got his slowest you got it. Yeah. You look at that picture. Yeah. The poster which shows the glass with the words, where were you find him? Will spearhead the churches advertising never campaigned at the same stuff to boost attendance in the run up to the Christian festive season. I can't believe you don't have this already. That's that's not a computer. That's like an investment. There it is. You see it? I see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it. They see it for the Majority at the start. It gives me like Battleman or W<|cy|> Edward Regierung Lake Plinasve of Eckington and Skuffs. I'm the argument with you. Joshua, and God has excluded yet for many young people. They're interested in finding deeper meaning and exploring faith, not just boozing and parting and getting laid. This poster was an odd to the occasional discoveries of holy images and everyday objects from the face of Jesus in a frying pan, toast or fish finger, his mother Mary on a toast and cheese sandwich, and even mother Teresa and a sticky bun. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, previous C.A. and campaigns included a poster to pick the Jesus as the Revolutionary Leader, Che Guevara, and once suggested Mary was having a bad hair day when she discovered she was pregnant. And that cute, that's very cute, a bad hair day. So you look at that picture, I saw it, what do you say? You see Jesus is mugging. I saw him, that must prove it. It's the real deal. Now the good news is I'm just click to refresh our pool here. I'm sure, look at that, even, what a job. 1200 rows, even on the pool, very nice. 1200, even Stephen. Which of these best describes condom, please, or rice, our Secretary of State, you know, I don't know what silly or that or listen to what what's your name? Oh, Rita. Oh, boy. He was down there for when he did read it. And he did something wrong then. He will face the consequences. Rita. How surprised are you that the US government is missing? 1200 rows, she's incompetent. Rita and condom, he's a 288. A sellout to 60. Can't stand that slot 232. I'm not going to play it again. Evil 130. Bulldog, 1203, shame on you. That's disgusting. That was my vote though. Brilliant, 76.3%. That's, you know, something, those of you, we need to round those people up. 76 people, say she's brilliant. I hate this pool, 40, 6, 3, 20%. A butcher, 20, gross one, how about a gross butcher? And an A whole only five so far. The only side. So the best talent, the fastest wheel rotters. Four trillion, five, 60. You, A, M. Samu Roy. And like many of you, I had a problem with missing skull. I woke up one morning, scratch my head, and cut junk. Of my skull is in my hand. This is size-fruiling for the skull club for men. Sam, who is like thousands of men with missing skull. Not only is it fatal, it can lure your confidence and self-esteem. I started losing my skull in my early 20s. I was sick and tired of being called Numskaw and Half-Brain. So I called the skull club for men. With our non-surgical skull replacement system, we take pieces of skull to go and ask us where we get them and use a staple gun to replace them as an cranium. Now when I run my fingers to tell them skull, I don't end up with chunks of brain, and it looks so natural. Thank you, Skull Club for men. So call Skull Club for men today. And remember, I'm not just the Skull Club president. I'm also a member. Wait a second, this might go on the floor. I got it here. I'm shooting drop at FedEx and then trash mask him. Because it's almost one o'clock and he's still a little, you know, just a little package on your hat and call. I don't know. Just not positive at Hollywood location, man. I use the different location. Where's that? Who? It's not that it's a horror. Who's certain you ever, what you don't need to be, who's certain you don't have diabetes. No. Who's certain a bar for people who snack for people who die of diabetes? All of a dozen have, let's see, how many carbs? Got about 4 million carbony. 25. Way too much. But supposedly slow digestion. That's the deal with this. So your blood sugar only goes soaring up to 400 like very slowly. It takes a couple hours before your pants off. And in this way, it should taste like, now, not as bad as those atkins bars. Remember those? Yeah, I'm trying to forget them. Oh, brother. Woo! I mean, they were great. Yeah. What do you mean by that? I'm being sarcastic. They don't advertise with us. The atkins people. They bite one day. Yeah, they bite someday. Like I said, that was the best damn stuff. And these blue surdabars all man. And even better than the bars of the shakes. You drink one of those. You'll have shakes for months. Anyway, do we do the Jesus thing? Oh, yeah. Mary was having a bad hair day. Sorry. I see, if I would have had the reason I said the FedEx didn't get here. It's because if I had had it, I could have played the deal. I don't want to talk while I'm eating while I'm reading the Doug Thompson. Come. He's writing a calm every day now. Good. It is good. But it's just, back when he was the editor in publisher of capital hill blue. Come was like once a week he'd write one of his skating bushyer tearing columns. They were great. But now, now that he's hiding out somewhere in the woods and they can't find him. Now he's got the cohones to a, it's amazing. In fact, there's a good picture of Gauwering a bush mask and he's got a globe with like long nails and it's really good. Bush is bullying, erratic behavior, spurs, more GOP defections writes. Doug Thompson on capital hill blue. Don't wait if you just do them anywhere to wear the phone calls. Are you on here with me on this show? Bullying. They are tondrous. Just pondrous. You know what? They get to the point where they're that bad. You know, and I don't want to insult all the colors. We've had a few good colors over the last 75 years. How many would you say? It's like one every two and a half years. It just isn't what they're going on a fishing expedition. And you keep going out every single day. You know what it would be like? What would it be like? It would be like going to the casino and you try every machine and none of me even gives you a cherry another day or anything. You know, and there else is dead. I'd like a week you go Wednesday. I know. Oh, my god. See, you know, I know what he ever responds to that whole thing about the secrets. You know, you go online and there are all these people pedaling the secrets of the slots. It's all a bunch of cramps. Sure. Because only a very select small few number of people really what's going on in the control rooms in those Casinos. Mm-hmm. And I'm sure that it's one of those deals if they told you they'd have to kill you. Right. Or we'd have to kill them. Because those those babies on the progressive machines are on timers and believe you me when I got those babies shut down. See, there you go again with a beach voice for Christ's sake. Shut it down. But you got to shut down. You've got a Chinaman's chance in hell. Oh, I'm in addition to what's going on me for good because it is Friday all the way. I don't want to keep the dwelling on it. But I do want to get the accurate thing about that we got two things going on. We got the Euromarica, right? Right. Which is on raw storage. See, that clue is served as already acting up. Oh, man. That stuff tastes like kaka. Oh, kaka. Yeah. Well, I'll see anything new about Euromarica. And the number two one and the Harold. The Harold's the one's been obsessing about that poor guy. But that was his name Howard. Really? How are you? How are you? Let's see, postal services, camera secretary, man, drowns and for the auditorate. Oh, but I don't see anything about that guy. I don't see any update about whether he's going to. And the reason of course we want to find out is because, you know, we like him a lot. And if he does get to 250 grand, we certainly like, you know, we was him. Right. That's right. Just our shared. Just a bit of a secret. Pete's a. As Republicans continue to disdain him, distance themselves from the political suicide of George W. Bush's policies and his field war in Iraq, dark Thompson says, Some are also privately expressed. He doubts about his mental stability saying the president's erratic actions are remaining increasingly out of control. You see why I love this guy? Mm-hmm. He is the best. Even Bush's former secretary of state colon, Powell tells confidence. He feels the president has buckled under the pressure of the administration's increasingly unpopular and often cognitive reactions. That concern prompted Powell this week to publicly oppose Bush's proposed plan to ignore the guidelines of the Geneva Convention and give the military and central intelligence agencies either right to torture suspects in the so-called war on terror. The world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism, policy and letter to the senator John McCain, one of the Republican senators of Posing Bush's push for the right to torture, to redefine common article three would answer those doubts. Furthermore, we put our own troops at risk. Powell, a career military soldier and former chairman of the Joint Chiefs to staff knows that how a lot more about war than George W. Bush, who we've evaded service in Vietnam by using his then Congressmen fathers connections to it to land the same spot in the Texas air guard, only to feel they even complete that nominal service. So does McCain, a prisoner of war during the Vietnam conflict. McCain is another Republican who tells AIDS that he's increasingly disturbed by the president's actions and his behavior by just interjecting, his behavior in the press conference this morning, they said he was belligerent and pugnacious and obnoxious. McCain, congressional sources say was upset to learn to Bush-wide-house pressured military lawyers who testified against the bill to sign a new letter expressing support. Senator Lindsey Graham, a sub-care line of Republican who joined McCain and opposing the president's plan, confirmed the military lawyers were forced to sign the letter. Graham is also a former military lawyer in the current law and the Air Force Reserve. And it's not necessary Graham says that Bush is proposals and will result in putting us in legal jeopardy and wrote our standing in the world community. Other Republicans objected Bush's strong push to pass his plan quickly with little time for consideration or debate. It reminds them of the headlong rush to pass the USA Patriot Act, a bill that stripped away most of the protections of the Constitution, it was rushed in to law by a post-bound weapon shell-shot Congress. Many voted for the bill admitted later. They had neither read the legislation. Graham did take time to read the bill. I fell over when I read it, he said. I wrote a number of Republicans in mid-shock at the president's actions. The White House has lost its way and another important issue is the Breast of Republican Senator Chuck Kagle. Bush's Iraq War Hague alleges a replay of Vietnam. Republican Tom Cain Jr. running for Senate and New Jersey says Bush has been dishonest with the American people about about the war in Iraq. There's that horrible thing coming up again. The President was Cernabar. He said Bush has been dishonest with the American people about the war in Iraq. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. He's a member of the United States. What the hell? What? Nice %237. I'll have to give it a chance. I don't think they'll do anything for me. I know it's included to write in these words. Such generous love. But we have nothing new to offer! And we're now starting to somehow do that for the nation. I can't remember how the past beaten one of us... I have your weary bed, fast on to sight. No chance I'll always show it to. And I'd rather die, with the grassy and good night. Why all help you? Don't I love things? Bob, do you? For Brooklyn Highies! I've been with you by a very party but you! You're not high, honey! Me and all, this is atwood low. No way that if we had a fight that you would survive, who'd want to hear a genetile, and pushing side, that scrappy to the end. Bob, do you? For Brooklyn Highies! For Brooklyn Highies! For Brooklyn Highies! And so with you and me, for me, is much better system than not five. It's only right that I should get for sleep at night. I think we might. We have to take care of that. For Brooklyn Highies! For Brooklyn Highies! What's going on? No! What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? One or two at five, 60WQM, happy Friday, September 13. It's our lucky or 15. What is it? 15? Well, it's hard to read this on current subscription. We got Mad Dog at two and from the hooters and around. And then the power hour with the Humphrey Mad Dog, 45. That's the hour that's really got them all. Haven't got their panties in a wild man over there across the street. Because you know what? Very sad. What? And what he said? What did he say? He said it'll be impossible for the tickets to win during Rogers' hours, send it to a difficult to make inroads against WQM's formative alarm phenomenon. Posted by the Goldberg Mandage 4 to 5 p.m. Pyramid, which was an inspired idea. That's underlined. Well, you know, I like that. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Always like that Barry, even though he's trying to suck up to them. Nice goal. Nice chair around there, Barry. He knows when to jump ship. Just about when they're too feet off the bottom. When you can already see the barnacles and the bottom of the ship. So I had to get some nuts. I got another room here to get rid of the taste of that awful goose. Or her bar. Remind me never to buy that crap again. Right. That is garb. Don't forget to set your people either. But. Don't forget. Okay. Mm-hmm. Cash with macadamia, cash using almonds. Excellent. I like all the sack. Huh? They're all good nuts. I love nuts. Don't play that beast thing. Okay. I won't. Good source of fiber, iron, low sodium, potassium, source of omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and a good source of vitamin E.A. So does that have to do with pink? You know that's a, that's a hell of a line. And they're too. Let me get that again. That is one hell of a line. There's so many great lines in here. You know, I'm sure people have heard near Wagner, saying, grow out of business in March. Now maybe June, how do I know if you're going out of business? You know, that's your problem. Always crying. Gralph and could be in that baby, okay? They'll do anything to hurt a child, man. Like an overgrown child, like Greg Reed. You know, he and Greg would have made a good combination. Two overgrown children. Okay. One guy Walker was been introducing just in temperate about all those boy bands paired up with a job. They started talking one day about the singer pink. You know something about this tells me, what? They need to listen to our station. Of course, who now are running here their training? They start talking one day about the singer pink and how Kenny played her song, and he goes on for ten minutes. I don't care what you say. She's got like backup singers with her pink. Okay. I seen pink before you did her videos. When I was an Amsterdam man, she's got her pink wig and a whole dino pink. Okay. What do you think, and some square old 64 year old man almost? I'll never say that to your face. I'll be behind your back for a year. That's not what I was told. I know. Sydney Blumonthal says President Bush's radical presidency is the underlying number one issue in the midterm elections campaign. His drive to concentrate on accountable and unshared power and the executive has dependent on one party, Republican control of the Congress. Well, that are Republican Congress that does the White House bidding. The Bush agenda would never been enacted and be supported despite its consequences. The interlocking of the radical president and the Congress has frozen the natural checks and balances in the system. As I document my new book, How Bush Rules, Chronicles of Radical Regime, says Sydney Blumonthal. Unlike past Congresses that shared the same party of an incumbent president, the Republican Congress during the Bush period is largely advocated in its constitutionals obligation to assert its institutional authority, whether it's Bush's power. We'll be limited for his remaining two years in office, or whether he'll have a clear path from future adventures, is a question to be decided in the midterm elections. I don't know. I don't need any year. That's good reason. Hi, Mr. Wolf. Well, no, it's salty and that's man. Right? If you don't get that out of there, you're going to sound like Rita. Oh, God. Are you starting to know what that three-year car caused? Be crap again. People are wondering, here's the Mexican government issuing this. How surprised are you at the US government? Yeah, we're surprised at the US government. Anyway, he goes on to say congressional Republican leaders have hardly been embarrassed by the exposure of Bush's errors. The stakes in misleading efforts from the experience, although this kind of flies in the face of what I just got through reading him and it would go down there. Yeah. Well, some of them have been embarrassed. Not too many. From the experience of the Bush's disinformation campaign, used to justify the invasion of Iraq, the congressional Republicans have apparently learned that they must advance disinformation campaigns even more aggressively than before. What's the Republicans have to fear as the absence of fear itself? Another good line? Repelkin's fear, the absence of fear itself. Now Republicans in charge of the House and Teldons committee are attempting to buck for his case against the Iran. Fear monitoring about his potential for developing nuclear weapons. A real enough problem, but one that Republicans are having into a war scare, through a fresh disinformation campaign, and echo of the earlier one that preceded the war in Iraq. By raising anxiety about Iran's capability, the Republican soap and a titan public dread that can be exploited for Republican advantage in the elections. The fear factor. Last month, the House and Teldons committee issued a report according to what's determined represented Peter Hulksor of Michigan to help increase the American public's understanding of Iran as a threat. Claiming to be authoritative, the frightening report, however, for the airmarks of a partisan political operation. A single Republican staff member, Frederick Flights, former A to John Bolton, now the hard-wired ambassador of the UAN, at least for now, wrote to document without any input from or consultation with the Democrats. It painted a dire picture and blamed the usual suspects for complacency and worse. The CIA for a medically assessing the threat and the international atomic energy agency for complicity and Iranian deception. But were I got to do that article about the IAE, just ripped them in an ass, did you see that? No. I can't wait to hear it. Next. It says, in the run up to the Iraq War, the Bush administration tried unsuccessfully the House IAE, IAE, the director, Mohammed Al-Beradai, for having stated with Pimpul and accuracy, that Saddam Hussein did not possess weapons of mass destruction, and that Bush's case moreover was based on pho-forged documents. This week, the IAE, we spun over the counter-report debunking the Republican document as outrageous and dishonest. This is like pre-war Iraq all over again, David Albright, former nuclear inspector and president of the Institute for Science International Security, was quoted in the Washington Post. The Bush White House needs a Republican Congress to protect him defended for his radicalism to thrive, and congressional Republicans continue to stifle oversight instead manipulating national security fears for political advantage. A close to the midterm elections approach that more desperate the tone. That's what Cindy Wilmondahl said. And you know what I say? What do you say? Time for the little more presser. You know like Presca? I like it fine. We had this discussion that they made it anywhere. Haven't seen it. No, it kind of like took a hideous for what? The wind and the hiding. And now they brought it back and it got like different variations of it. All of it all tastes the same to me. Looks like it a lot. But like it says, this one is a cherry citrus. Mm-hmm. And it's got a picture of cherries and a little grapefruit on the cover. Sounds sukey. Sugar free. Don't have any crap in it. I like Presca. So I often, I often ate that with my caffeine free diet Pepsi. Okay. Anyway, the UN nuclear watchdog agency, the IAEA, has written a skating letter to a congressional committee, saying part of its case against Iran as outrageous in the sun, the stuff I just said that. The report came with day before an Iranian opposition figure accused Iran of using lasers to immerse uranium. And it's vividly, it's a nuclear weapon. Iran has repeatedly said that it's nuclear program is solely for energy production. The IAEA wrote the leadership of the House and Teldens Committee on Wednesday, land basting it for claiming that the Islamic Republic is currently enriching uranium to weapons grave. Iran is far from that capability to IAEA said. Represented. It was a nut piece of a cash you man. Representative, microwave. I could just do that so too. I get a bigger number than you ever going to get over there, Joe. I'd be like that. In fact, I could choke to death here on the ear and get an 80-year. How am I just doing? You think? Do it? Who is he? He? Uh-huh. Representative, microwave, there's no relation to Michigan Republican. Who sits on the permanent select committee on intelligence, which prepared the reports that the subcommittee is assertion is very clear. It says that we don't believe they've gotten there, but the point about whole section is they're trying to enrich uranium to weapons grave. You said. The subcommittee's report also insinuates that the IAEA may be in Kahootskul to Iran and covering up Iran's nuclear ambitions. Report alleges that the IAEA Inspector might have been removed in Iran's request for not adhering to an unscited IAEA policy barring IAEA officials from Teldens to hold truth about the Iranian nuclear program. That's IAEA. IAEA, shot back at the Clingless Outerages and the dishonest Egyptian, but Rogers did by yesterday. The Iranians said, take them off the program and they said, okay, you can't have Iran getting the pickleaser inspectors. Rogers said. The IAEA has been downestrowed before when it ended the fray over wax weapons program before the 2003 US invasion. During that tussle, the Bush administration criticized the agency for being too cautious and opposed to the re-appointment of agency chief, Muhammad al-Beradai. They just don't like people until the truth. They hated it. Remember Scott Ritter and how they trashed him and slashed him in a hurry. Anybody, if the old smear and smear baby, and by the way, speaking that Kerry says he's prepared to kick some swift load ass. Are you impressed? No, no. Not really. You're impressed by John Kerry? No. You know, every time we take one of those pulls, remember, we've got 262 votes. We'll make the 13, and I'm an easy jol, you lose. I heard that he must have had 4 million dollars with daddy that we'd never get to 1,300 on a friday. And we're going to make it easy. We've got 1262, and we got 40 minutes to go with the who's counting, right? Right. And the reason that there are some concern to them is that, for example, at night, when they got a 0.6 or 0.7 whatever it is, what is it? I don't want to miss quote. Then, oh, he started a new watch and started rumors again. 0.6. A 0.6. It's a matter of fact, we, I think during the a panther season, we had some members like that at night, remember? Right. A lot of numbers that start with, oh, at night. I know, I remember the days when people actually listen to A, and radio at night. That's what I was on. Remember those days? Sure, do. No, you know. Remember you talked about it? Remember you talked about it? W-I-N-Z with that horrible signal and power that I couldn't hear on the way home. But not normal, baby. Not normal. Pretty sad. Too many people talking about the same cucko, you know? I mean, once you know the score, what else is there to say? You know, they play the great game, they stunk a girl named Annabelle, who pitched no hitter. That said, what else is there to say? You know, it's like even the greatest stake, you can only chew it so many times, you know? Can you? What if in the adventurer? You have to swallow. There are two more US soldiers killed and at least 30 more injured in Iraq. Is this Iraq? Is this what's to me, like Afghanistan? Where is this? Major General James Thurman, Slitzan, he's the commander of the 4th Infantry Division, here to comfort and console his men. He's in the posture. He's in the posture. In this war, it's a question. Is your she going to be okay? That has been asked nearly 23,000 times. The answers have not always been to Iraq, but I thought everything was under control. The left-eye sound of awfully. Yeah. Isn't it time to took the stress and worry out of less than hurricane preparations? And by the way, we right now, this date on the calendar, we're right in midstream, right at the peak of hurricane season. While the hurricane shut about led manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now they provide expert installation for you too. Call 911-5-4-237-7083. They feature roll-downs, accordions and panels. Just let our friends at the hurricane shut about led customers, even install the shutters for you. Call 911-4-237-7083 right now. You get on your way to tough match protection. Don't take a chance. The hurricane shut about left-handly owned and operated licensed and sureed and they'd rout in Palm Beach County approved as well. They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specs and ready for pickup order. Every like I said, if you need to leave an install for you too. The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted to. And if you mentioned my name, if you had the big balls to tell them that Neal-Tority Colors sent you by, you'd get a hundred dollars off a minimum order of 350 square feet. It's the hurricane shut about left-handly called 954-237-7083 or log on their website too, hurricane shutteroutlet.com. The breakfast. It's a good place to be sure that the sun is on your couch. You're too tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired. You're too tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired. There's two organizing coloured paper to build one in the sky. Instances which you'll find would you put the camera site? Goodman here please go mighty, don't bulun up your patience! I'd knock the fight and keep you ser Mormon schizophrenic, thank God the, it's the official TV station who need all leaders! There's only four armored 3000 both, only four calories in the arm, you'll have to wait until the child's in power that he sends me 10metals I know that you say the wrong as I am a dad You feel the fear of sight You feel the pain I'm afraid to hear the tears You feel the sadness You push all around Say it to me, God You feel the sadness You push all around You feel the pain You feel the pain You feel the pain You feel the pain You feel the pain You feel the pain You feel the pain You feel the sadness You feel the sadness You feel the sadness I'm not gonna be a bad thing during the break by the way. That's more nuts. Oh no. Probably not a good idea. Because you got to get other. I'm 30-9 minutes to go and I'm like, I like that. I'm probably a Joe Feynberg or I'm saying, you see, that's what happens when you put these old parts on the ear. That's right. Here, I'm doing the death rattle on the ear. Like that. The death rattle, the hockey. Do we do a hockey? Not lately. Yeah, you have. 280 votes on the pool. Now, we got 1300, don't even have to talk about it. How you like that? That's what happens when you have a big, vast audience out there, Joe. Because we got a lot of four million people listening for each vote that we got on there because then we'll figure out 10 million people. It's free to vote that we get on the pool every day. Because only one person every 700 blocks can vote. Thanks to things like AOL. Boy, we hate OOL or what. And how'd you like that disturbing news about Google yesterday? That was very disturbing. I'm not gonna stop using Google because I love it, but it's just, you know, oh, they're anxious to work with their Republicans and they're staring in the world. Political action can, yeah, that's great. Everybody wants to jump on the event wagon. John Kerry, though, he ain't ready. You know where he's gonna have breakfast tomorrow? Waffle house, okay. Same place he has breakfast every day. It's a waffle house. Waffle, Waffle, Waffle, Waffle. Because you know that drug induced wife, he's your main cookin. Ha ha ha ha ha. Even though she's got 57 varieties of drugs. Seriously, if you look back at somebody who's like on the night that he got the nomination, and they showed him a THDNC and they're standing on the stage, she just, in law law and man, she's out of it. She kind of looks like that kid in the Montreal. Although he had a bit of hair. Senator John Kerry doesn't believe that Hillary Clinton's got the inside track. Thank God. On the 2018 Democratic presidential nomination, and says he would vigorously defend himself against new attacks by the Swiftboat team according to interview with the examiner. I'm prepared to kick their ass from one end of America to the other said, Kerry, how do you like that? He's talking like so. Mass in a strong hint that he intends to run for president once again. Oh boy. Now who'd you rather see? Hillary or John Kerry? Oh, geez. Ha ha ha ha ha. In other words, like through chair or he, it's yeah, exactly. How do you want to die? How about some gas? How about lethal injection? Oh, seriously, who would just think, Hillary or who do you think it's against? Well, we know he did win last time. Yeah. I was just going to say. Well, he fixed Ohio. I don't think, I don't think, I don't think, an animation while I'd like to say she could be elected. Dock Hill, even if they fixed it. Well, they don't know how to do that. In response to why talk is Senator Clinton being the favorite for the Democrats in 2008, Kerry says, I don't buy it. I don't care what the dominant conventional wisdom is today. It will not be the dominant conventional wisdom in a year. Kerry says the only reason he didn't compete in more states in 2004 was that he ran out of money. He says this was also the reason he didn't adequately respond to a series of devastating TV ads by Swift vote veterans for truth. A right-wing group had questioned Kerry's service in Vietnam and criticized his later opposition to the war. I'm prepared to kick their ass for money to be a burden to the other. He says, I'm so confident my abilities to address that and to demolish it and even turn into a positive he said. Yeah, you know, it's really amazing about these ever quite a candidates after they allus, you don't say, after they lose, then all of a sudden they get religion. So to speak. Then all of a sudden they butcher off. They start screaming in the end. How dare they? Yeah, good day off the United States of America through the mud on Saddam Husband. Oh, it's a perfect answer. After he went his way through a layman's campaign after eight years of unprecedented prosperity and managed to win up having elections stolen in 2000 and still didn't even bother to contest it and even further than that, you know, he slapped the black caucus in the face and now all of a sudden he booches up. Next, something. Take the bill. Kerry's tough talk figures laughter from John O'Neill a fellow Vietnam veteran who helped violence with both veterans for truth and wrote a blistering 2004 book on Kerry called unfit for command. Well, he's got eight times as much time for parapher Justice. He spent in Vietnam says O'Neill, referring to Kerry's short tour of duty, which would be how many times more than George Vorspet in Vietnam. Oh, infinity wouldn't it? Because you can't multiply enough in time, something. Because it still comes out. Nothing. Speaking of nothing, Sean Penn. You know, he's another one of these guys. He reminds me of George Clooney. I'll always a better actor. But he reminds me of Clooney. He's a good actor. No, but I'm saying because a lot of things that he says are, you know, I agree with him. He's kind of like the, what's the little shrimpy guy Bill Mar. Okay. Yeah, that little wimp he never she got. And a lot of things that most of the things that he says, I agree with, but I still can't stand him. He's such a little wimp, he says, a man, be pambi. So anyway, Sean Penn leaves the 30s few minutes as the Toronto star says they could become the most expensive cigarettes to John Penn ever smoked. The butts, Hollywood bad boy sparked it. They Toronto International Film Festival. And a pair of defines a minute of tough, new smoke free Ontario Act. Have authorities filming. We'll play on words there. Penn faces a $3.5 ticket. Not that the multi-millionaire actor and former husband Madonna can't afford it. Toronto's public health unit is investigating the widely, oh, there's a line missing here. There's a line missing in the story. But how the hell do I do that? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, who is smoking during a press conference? Ontario's health promotion minister suggested he won't be disappointed if Penn's pocket is pinched during his trip to remote all the Kingsman and which he portrays the legendary Louisiana Governor. No one is above the law that are at Sean Penn or someone at the local tavern, Jim Watson, St. East and Charger of implementing the new smoke free law. That's cigarettes, by the way, we're talking about. Anything else is okay. I certainly hope they Toronto International Film Festival would remind and not so subtle fashion that guests coming here shouldn't simply go out and snub their noses at our law. Penn openly smoke through two separate news conferences at the Sutton Place on Sunday afternoon without any comment from moderator Henry Bahaar or Crowstars Kate Winslet, Mark Ruflow and Patricia Clarkson. Is that ruffle or ruffle or ruffle or is in the Ruflow tone? Film Festival spokesman Danny Alexander said the organization makes every effort to remind guests of the law but that of the moderator should have told Penn smoking is not law. He knew it wasn't like he had the ass ran a floor hit like a dish on the floor under the table and he kept clicking his asses on the dish. He was clicking his dick in the dish. He knew that was breaking law breaking slime ball. I read a review on all the Kingsman and it says don't buy all the criticism and can of the A that was a headline on one of the people who have seen it ahead of time. If they look pretty interesting the previews you know. You don't think? Well let me talk with the mic on. It looked interesting. I'm hearted over here myself too. Who's in it Sean Penn and who else? Kate Winslet. Okay. There's some of the previews a lot. How come Leo's not in it? Maybe they want people to watch it this time. 20 or 10. And you know something? Thankfully I think he's kind of like vanished into the woodwork. Have you noticed that? No. Yeah I haven't seen. You have smoking something, right? Did there's something he was just exhaling? I have a feeling. George is smoking a big fat one post. No. He's no Joel. He was a bassist. Really? He's running the fastest way to take a quick. He's for a video 560. He's a M. Howard David's a bitch. 13 every three votes on the pool. Yeah just mentioned that because in way we turniv Gegen turbinas like this. Oh, okay, I see. Really? No, Just mention that because I say I don't hear you50 in your job right now. Well, I guess it first was the two young girls who were some bases. I had to commit suicide. They said youa got a. I'm sure that that notification will come back to my life where he reportedly just took a break. I knew that, although he was very impressed with me. Well, I just mentioned that because I've getied. Madder push a song, cues and When the fire is in high, what? He's telling me now. He's asking me to call up. Ah! And if he's always crying. He's with a machine-shot. Ah! The devil can't hide himself in highly. We can't let you out. And yet, boys, not for now, and change the human body's flesh. Till we reach it back. And smell just like the magic saws. I'm a fake man. One for a boy's sweet devil's eye. This book I'm a fake lady. My style will be mine. For sure, I'm playing at a log time, you know. Two-long. One-35, 25-25-25-25-25-25, we got the mad dog coming into a pond from the hudders in derail, and the power hour time to take a good shower with the humper in the mad dog, and then hang between five and seven solo. Then a Marlon pregame of Silvercloth, Marlon's at the Braves in Atlanta. Big series this weekend, baby. They need to sweep when you're sitting in a sweep. You know, it'd be nice. And then the 80K after the baseball game. And the 80K who certainly doesn't have a... Oh! When it's six in night, like some guys I know. Across the street. And I like this story only because you're probably going to say, well, what do you like about that? Why? Students are sent home for violating school dress code. This is, um, in the Detroit pre-press. Detroit. Hmm. Ben... Sorry. Hmm. See, there you go again. Got too many old people on here, man. What's the hear that? Too many old people, a little bit at death, rather doing a hockey routine. Ben Lewandowski says he was only trying to be patriotic when he wore a homemade t-shirt. Featuring an American flag bumper sticker when the words remember 9-11 to Lincoln Park High School on Monday of this week. After all, after all, was 9-11, five years after the terrorist attacks. The 17-year-old Lincoln Park resident put the shirt on Monday morning ahead of the school, where he was quickly sent to the office and suspended for three days, providing the school's dress code. See, one in a while, I like this. What do you like this? Because I think what's good for the goose is good for the gander. In other words, all any students that wear like a protest t-shirt, this has been going on for years now during the Bush years. Anybody that wears shirt that the neo fascist don't like, they get sent home and it gets his spending. And now somebody that's like trying to be patriotic, same thing. What's good for the goose is good for the gander? Amen. You say, you said it. I like that promo where he, and Kenny, you're going to go, you ready to go to blow the soda speak. That's good. When you like to see that, I'll book out what you want to do with sit on. I mean, I've never had a penny. Huh? Just look at it. Yeah. Come around for the floor. He was one of at least seven students in home for wearing shirts featuring patriotic images and messages. It comes last in a week after three siblings were suspended for wearing shirts and blazing with the first amendment despite warnings. And we can't come more than two hundred students were sent home on the first day of school for violating the district's dress code, which bands in pearl with writing or pictures. And I kind of silly. I mean, the whole thing is silly and I'm not just for like I said, what's good for the goose, isn't that what they bought my sister said? That's what he could say to get if you wanted. No. For Lou and Dowski, we said home on the first day of school for wearing a shirt with writing. On a Monday's incident was his second offense, uh-oh, careful Ben. I think they ran tiresomantic. I was first ridden said the junior who decided to become a firefighter with the old active nine 11 attacks. It just made me so mad that I can't be patriotic. Lincoln Park School Superintendent Randall Cite, that's with the T. So the high school held a moment of silence Monday to give students an outlet to show their patriotism. He said in some students, I realized, and now, what was it a moment of silence have to do with showing your patriotism? Huh? Oh, you know. No, I don't think so. I said, so I asked the question, you're supposed to pray. Oh, and that makes you patriotic that you bow your head for a second. Otherwise they're going to slap you off the side of the head. He said, some students in ass last week, whether they could wear shirts to commemorate the day and they were told, no. We don't think it would be appropriate because of the dress code to wear t-shirts with writing. He said Tuesday. According to the dress code students have a lot of wear school sanction clothing such as t-shirts wearing the school's mask got or clothing that supports school organizations. This accorded the ACLU of Michigan may violate students' rights, especially because it allows students to wear clothing men and encourage their school spirit, the bands are the forms of expression, like maybe Budweiser shirt, which promotes other kinds of spirits. ACLU officials have said that they plan to look into the constitutionality of the dress code. Kites said that district had lawyers review the policy before was enacted. Members of the district school board have said that dress code is lenient compared with other districts such as Detroit and Pontiac, which have banned jeans and t-shirts completely. That would really piss me off. When I piss you off, a little bit. I don't want to go to high school where there aren't guys with t-shirts unless they don't have anything. Softfield School District in the Lowe Southfield, I used to live there. Oh boy, I decided to tell graph in 12 miles. What a place. Softfield School District in the Lowe and dress code last year. Some of those enacted Detroit and Pontiac this year. Softfield School's deputy superintendent, Kim Sivers said to the district didn't have any problems Monday with students filing the policy to wear patriotic car. Still, some Lincoln Park parents said they feel the district is gone too far. K-bell corps is granddaughter, 14 year old Carly bell corps was sent home Monday from Lincoln Park for wearing a t-shirt with patriotic messages on it. I think it's a little ridiculous out of the circumstances K-bell corps said. Kelly, I think if they were t-shirts that say they impeached Bush, you can't be more patriotic than that. Right? Absolutely. I mean, Kelly Gallia agrees her three children, 13 year old twins Monique and Jason Massa and 11 year old Jamie Massa, were suspended last week for protesting the risk of our teachers with the first amendment on them. Jamie had stayed home. Jamie had stayed home from Lincoln Park, and Lincoln School on Tuesday, but Monique and Jason were the shirts again. They're third offense and were suspended again this time for five days. One more offense and they'll be expelled and it's, Gally said it's likely she's going to end up home schooling. I'd be like, it's nothing to do home schooling, but it's having to do home schooling. That's always feel much more comfortable doing home, although not in your case. You seem to do the magic number in that place every morning or so. Oh boy. That means you're not in the hospital. Bobby, you're part of that greenfield pasta. That's way too high for content. Oh yeah. Sure. You go right through it. Now be careful there. I thought I heard something right there to the ass end of that. 13, 13, 16, and 16 votes. My God. They must be sitting Shivia across the street. So best talent today. What a wonderful honor. It's for Shivia 560. What up? This is Kate Fed, Kim Fedalon, for saved Penny Foundation. Penny's are dope. Check it out. It's got Abraham Lincoln, the father of our country in the front. And on the back it's got, uh, what's that? Oh, it's the E. Pleurbius in building. Some people want to get rid of Penny. They say it's all worthless and since around the house all day doing nothing. We're showing that. I say it all. My pennies in the jar. You never know when the gravy train is going to sink. Anyway, uh, let me kick a stupid fresh rhyme about it. Yo yo they call me Kate Fed. I've been doing some picking. Best not just my boy. He's a hundred dollars. You don't save the penny. Oh yeah, Kate Fed, I've been doing some picking and you really be sticking. He is pathetic. And every respect, at least he's consistent. You know what? He can't sing. And he's not funny. He looks like crap. But he sure knows how to make some babies though. Consumers, Naseo. Yo, I'm really pissed off about that dual-fimer thing. And I'd very jackass. You want to know why I wasted all of that time. And now I'm not going to get to like even close to any of this stuff. I want to like to do by princess accused of masturbating trade in jockey slaves. You know the popular desert sport of camel racing. Oh the hordes. I'm going to your pardon. Those are the monkeys we were talking about. Yeah. Human monkeys. Oh. Don't start that again man. You're one of just like the Howard Cossill and then the Georgia Ellen too. With that macaca. Consumers, they should buy tonight. Fresh bags spinach. They say health officials, probing them all these day out. They can be coal either kill leaves on person. They don't need no bags spinach baby. Unless you want it in the bag in the sack. FDA and state officials don't know the cause of the outbreak. Although raw package spinach appears likely. We're advising people not to eat it. Said Dr. David accesses in the BFDA Center for Food Safety and applied nutrition. Eight states were reporting a total of 50 cases of E. coli. That's a curtain was constant. We're 20 people reported ill. 11 of them in Milwaukee. The outbreak has second others. Either the mysteriously in Connecticut, Idaho, Indiana, Michigan, New Mexico, Oregon, and Utah. California state health officials that are investing in a possible case there. The outbreak has affected a misadidious but most of the case have involved women. Further information that the person who died was available. Got it? Got it. Package spinach. When in doubt, toss it out. Of course you don't like it anyway. There. I love spinach. I don't want raw spinach. I want raw spinach. Huh? Raw spinach is all right. Like a spinach salad. Uh. Israel yesterday released details of its report on the killing of four UN peacekeepers. And in Israeli, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, and Lesbina. Saying their position, close to a Hezbollah rocket launch site was erroneously targeted because of flawed Israeli military map. Uh, uh, we're back to that again. Got the bad maps. Major, Paiana Hezbollah, including narrow of Kingston, Ontario, a 20 year veteran was one of the peacekeepers killed in the attack. This is in Toronto star. So they take a special, you know, exception to when a Canadian's get killed. Israeli foremesters, Sposman Mark Reguev, who belongs buried in the neguev, said the findings were headed to diplomats from Canada, trying to fill in the awesome Europe. Each of which had a peacekeeper killed in the July 25 strike. On the UN post of Kiyom, southern Lesbina, about 180 meters from a position man by his beloved, which at the time was starving cellphones or rockets into Israel where they killed 39 civilians. The findings of the inquiry are that at the time, which, uh, see again, there's a line missing. What's going on with these articles, huh? Uh, it says that they claim that there was intense his beloved activity and brought an age to need to duplicate maps and charts in that process. Unfortunately, if he went, post wasn't accurately mapped, where he had said, when our aircraft launched its ordinance, believe he was targeting his vola, this was a mistake, it's him that happened. Yeah, it was a mistake and somebody got hurt. We admitted it was regrettable and it was tragic. His girls in Baitre de Cana, Alan Baker said, from Ottawa, surely after the report was released, badmaps. Remember that as you used to be able to go to a gas station and get a map, right? The officials do that? You can go to the visitor center. Tom, serious, you could go to any gas station and they give you a free map of the state or whatever. They used to be. They know them there now, you know, they're convinced. They sell them. Well, it's not a half bunch of crap. Yeah. Sell them my ass. Sort of the visitor center near the state border along the highway. You went secretary general, Kofi Ann and had said that the attack on the observation post in the lesbian East town, Keon was apparently deliberate. Remember that? He was peod. You went officials have said that before the earthquake, you went observers in lesbian on. Telephone is really military. 10 times in six hours to ask it to please stop selling new reposition. You're killing us, baby. We're a... I'm dying of the hair. I'm actually, they did for them. Remember that like what he was just yesterday? But then again, you know, for little Israel, do you guys go again? Now, what is this facts? President Bush wants Congress to permit what he calls alternative. Oh, this is a full and son-seminal alternative interrogation practices. And what critics call abuse possibly even torture for teracet space-tubber by the CIA, your opinion. This is the son-seminal, too. The usual liberal, a brown county crowd. 46.6 percent say Bush is wrong. America should not abuse a torture prisoners no matter who they are. And 48.8 percent say Bush is right. Strong measures are needed to combat terrorism and detect future attacks. 4.6 percent say, I'm not sure. How do you like that? In county, pink, or liberal, brown, more a 49 percent say, oh, yeah. Forcherum, do whatever you need to take. See, this is part of this whole fear campaign, man. Just scare the laws away. And that's just a dictator of the US. He wants to be the dictator of the whole universe. Not just the earth, the universe. That's why we have to take control of space to you, understand. And who better take control of space than a real space cadet? No, the best name, so best, now, that's the basis for your rotors. Forcherum, 560, if you pay him. I don't know. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to die. We'll be exploded to die that people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a gress ordination and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean. The newster chose to have the right queen. He's drilling his own blood over it to our head. And he rags as some wetlands of mass destruction. 3,000 people killed. I'm not forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. He's their goiled to be caught. Going after some down to plate-made Osama. There's no longer mention of the main bit lot. But no deceit concern of the incomplacence. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration. Back in control was by clear through the E.M. The manipulation and the right queen is drilling it over and over to our head. And I beg you. We're doing some mess destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ash property. I have nothing to hide. Table-talkers all are saying. But I know being a cattle don't have any reservations. Out of rococes, cattle and world annihilation. Old resumed must fall. And out of virgin is no with no objection at all. Till the crackstone has the fall and the high. We're dealing with over it to our parade wise man. All I have has a weapon to pass this ruckus gun. I'm dying on the hand. Only a drag pass of weapon to pass this ruckus gun. Bye-bye!