The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the host Pretty soon For those of the busy broadcast groups it's fact advertisers for agencies The biggest name is the best channel How much does this? I'm right! I'm 16 Tell you, two way down Don't concuate a way in the board It's hard to tell And they're gonna use two way down Yeah Okay, football, they listen to sports radio 5-6 EQAM But when they want the two tastes of real beer There's only one choice President Day imported beer Join David Buster's at Dolphin Mall And President Day beer As they team up to bring you exciting university of Miami College football Viewing parties all season long Only at David Buster's featuring great President Day beer specials Like a bucket of five ice-coat bottles of President Day You got out! You're the U.K. Where the fact is The music Hi! This is David Wetter Totally of CBS TV News Now there's something called HDNet We can see every freaking potmark in my face But till a gig I could get so so deep Anyway, you may have heard that some girls Take a mass spot Time of CBS TV News Now unless you've been living under a rock You know it's Kitty Kirk I've only met Kitty Warrant She's not a pop name Not on purpose perhaps But she pops your knees And when she does Spit guys and every direction Let's just hope the cameraman Aware of sneezey jokes Do not take my complete and total honesty for bitterness Well, okay, take it for bitterness They put me out the pasture You can't encourage it, it's there In my way to mad Wait a minute With my bottom on my face What happened? Fireworm? What is that? What is what? How about now? And says, we're going to give you a different way to look at the news Okay, I'm here to tell you that That's how I wound up working for HDNet I say stick to the facts Short of that, lose your top and kiss your nipples Cause you ain't got a prayer Here's hope and bribe William's grabs you by the feet And each should like a shrimp And then rather reporting formally of CBS News Now, catch me on HDNet Sometimes, who's warm and dreary the morning Correct, is... What a great start to the week that was How was that on the year? Was I going to have a nommy? Oh, it's just a Josh Messer left here Turn on, that's all it's all it's all Great I'm here in a book, can't, but how's it going? Tommy? And then a bunch of four little words They didn't say it before Mom, maybe they did Here's a facts from Jim and England Can I suggest another choice for your poll? Tommy, well, I know you can Take a poll only whenever a new topic of issue comes Up and he says you could take more than one a day Oh, do I have the old John story One in religion band, yes I do Jim And then his pulse, who just and who's the greatest Muslim in the world Wow Wooow, you like that one? And from somewhere there's a situation Zaharmahem and Ali, use to Islam, can't Stevens And then the guy that the head-butting guy with a name Sit in, sit on whatever is it whatever was Zahdain's a dog Hello, this is Albert Kita from Charlie van Records Yeah, at any rate, the thanks a lot Jim Had a good day and to get lost Anyway, there's Oprah, she's at this Martin Luther King Today, not in a memorial day They're not going to end up bubbling with their little while They were speaking and Barack Obama is going to speak And now they got Oprah speaking Power That's the 9 Power Oh my god That's the thing that all you need to know about What's wrong with the world? The fact that anybody is supposed to take this bit seriously I mean, just take all the money right to the bank And just go off and have a wonderful life And you know, binge eat a lot To your bust This is a very depressing story Should we start out the weekend? How about those dolphins? They turn the corner away No, they suck Hey, for it's the Mr. Team bust of the stadium again Yesterday, this is not good Yeah, it's nice to see Tom fail everyone What's in the one? It's good And Josh has seen Vinnie Luzes yesterday It's because they didn't play until the night When they're used to nothing could be fine They're losing Carolina The bucks suck So who put the S&JETS to Jeff suck? That was very bad Anyway, it's a football, you know, who the hell cares? You people are like, you know, all whipped up All are going to kick your ass How about those dirty k? Five and five How do you like that? Can you believe that? I can't believe that the orange bull is still standing When you thought they would have pulled it apart Brick by brick, turlet by turlet Still standing? I'm still standing That's what Miss Ellen said And she says the religion ought to be banned Hmm It's another gay thing Anyway, what do you do to the stir from lake whales? Do you hear about this guy? In fact, what was the movie? It was far go Yeah The stump grinder That's about the only place I've ever seen a stump grinder Oh, the... What did you ever? On match point over the weekend Yeah How was green? Yes Two thumbs up something Okay Yeah, I know Scarlett Johansson Okay Lake whales forward a man trying to save a dog being pulled into a stump grinder Was cut in the machine and killed a authority say Robert J. Wagner 25 I'm sure no relation to the Hollywood Bob Wagner And his grand John San Tilly, of course, he had Lucy We're using a grinder While the Hunting camp at the River Ranch area about 940 yesterday morning Said, poke County Sheriff's folks will m and Donna Wood Scent Lee's dog on in Tangle The man was leased, cut to the machine would said Wagner tried to rescue the system of old lime or rainbow Was pulled to the machine's blades He died of last operations and made your head and body trauma Would said deputy said he used a four-wheel drive vehicle They get to the scene Wagner and the dog Were dead by the time of 30's got there In the old woodchimp or the stump grinder There's two different things for what it's worth Isn't it the same principle? Well, they both have blades on the inside But one machine is a woodchipper in the other way Because only blades on the inside and blind blades on the outside Now that's bad, bad taste Don't be starting that again Somewhere out there somebody in this community knows Who did that murder last week at football player Somebody knows somebody's on the loose there's a killer on the loose I still can't get over that That was just on the note It just leaves me alone Anyway, speaking of dead people, the she had promised her promise yesterday To resherfle his cabinet After calling lawmakers this lawyer, let's of course, is in Baghdad And blaming assuming Muslims for raging sectarian violence That claimed a hundred at least 159 more lives including 35 men Blon apart While we need you in a rest police force, Blon apart There are excuses Among the unusually high number of dead were 50 bodies found behind a regional Electrical company in Bakuba, 35 miles north east of Baghdad And 25 of their spawns scattered throughout the capital When they say scattered, they mean it literally scattered And Baghdad's morbs are full No room at the end With no space to stir body some victims of these sectarian slaughter And not think it for all those to claim but photograph number to quickly And government's cemeteries Then fearful of an anonymous girl are tattooing their thighs with names and phone numbers Wow, what a way to make friends, huh? It's a good thing to write your name and phone number on a two room somewhere It's nothing to write it on your thigh Men fear for a little, let me say again In October, especially bloody months for ratty civilians about 1600 bodies were turned in At the Baghdad Central Morg They cities network of morgs built to hold 130 bodies in most animals more than 500 bodies are sent for burial every three to four days just to make room for the daily intake Sometimes making corpse identification impossible We can't remove all the bodies just so that one can be identified and pull them all back in again They said we just don't have to stand How do you like that? They're dying like flies over there and now we got the Bob Gates to be gates It's going to solve it all Yeah Here's the poll from Friday How many of your friends and or family listen to me? And this was not a good weekend take a poll anyway because everybody was out of time for the Extra day let's see the holiday was Friday here it's today People don't have to work today like you know bank people government employees It's a holiday. They have to remember and stay and they're walking around they got to read puppies on their Blappelle am you're poppy on? Not on well I pop it in How many of your friends and your family listen to me? I'm 1907 most a few 700 few well, that's good zero none zip it a do da for 277 Speaking of zipity do da I ran rather was on with I missed this morning. That's what oh And I got a great Katie Courage story From this week's in Clower Now it all depends on what they want to believe the front page or the insides stir I'll get to it Because the front page says Katie fired it and he liked that Through anyway how many of your friends are family listen meal? A 0 477 almost none 432 most 103 some 79. That was your just choice some which I guess a few wasn't good enough for George Right all 142 I hit this poll only 41 just 2.1 percent and only my enemies listen 33 only my animas listen But as you are president I appreciate the members of my candidate So if you see it look up there there's flames going over where he looked up like oh Oh come and give me 787 votes on the days pool I think a thousand is a safe for us today What's your take we're taking a pool on pools today what's your take on these pools I'm kind of shocked aren't you? But what about their response so far No, 787 votes 595 almost 76 percent say they're fine. How do you like that? I will be fine. You would have said what and that's what I voted Yeah, that's because I'm the one I have to come up with in your name day Great, I can't I would have voted for whatever if that option had been on there But it wasn't well, what does what does that mean whatever like I don't care? But you don't care about anything if we get 4,000 votes on the pool I care about the rate of these thousand votes you wouldn't care Right, right, what ratings not web hits ratings what's all are those well, we know what those are There it goes again and pick it on our lead in I can't believe you somewhere out there There's a killer anyway They're fine 595 once a week is good 81. I hate this pool 42 523 percent hate hate to pull on pools I shouldn't have even put that on I'm so tired of those bastards If you don't like it go vote something else go go go get a law I'll go get your head in the witty room in the stump cry to go write a dump I hate this pool 42 they suck these pool suck 37 and get rid of them 32 not that much negativity when you come to the young Sam They suck and get rid of them only 32 and that's because they want us to have to work and come up with a poll idea They're safe, it's that's what it's all about oh yeah, they're great So Elton John Says organized religion fuels anti-gay discrimination and other forms of bias Suddenly if you published this weekend I think religion is always tried to turn hatred toward gay people John said it was your very newspapers music lengthy magazine religion promotes the hatred and spite against gays He said you're fairy, but there are so many people I know who are gay and loved the religion He said for my point if you are with ban religion Completely Organized religion doesn't seem to work in terms people under really hateful lemons and it's not really compassionate on no Schmidt Elton also criticized religiously just for failing to do anything about conflicts around the world why aren't they having a calm claim why aren't they coming together John said that those in his own field have been similarly relaxed It's like the peace movement in the 60s musicians got through to people like getting out there and doing peace conferences We don't seem to do them anymore. We said gentlemen. We're laughing they'd be living it with a vengeance if poor John was with us Papa John we got y'all y'all y'all y'all go That's what we need Benny with a good enough to GETS yes, but I was depressing you know and rain and monk Let's blame the weather for the a paper it's sick of the juvenile yesterday although both teams played the same crappy weather nevertheless Maybe they're just not that good is that possible Yeah, probably like the dolphins man two in a row they beat the mighty bears and the inconsistent with a dolphin region to quarterback Damon heward I mean, that's just that's a joke. Yeah, seriously He went back up. I mean he makes you and Harry to look at well Trent Green man He could play on my team not only is he played that. He looks pretty good too for no regard 800 10 votes on the pool and 613 of them say these polls are just fine don't miss with our polls Har fout Hey I know. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yes, you. You can't. Yes. No. I will attack the fire of Boise Gun. He was amazed by my friend Boonjam. Oh, no. I don't fear the shape in India. Who would I probably have knew you'll enter the capital? Thank you, my friend. Woo! Woo! Thank you, my friend. 1017 at 5.60WQAM, the use of medical marijuana has given two Toronto professors to write to do something that many students could only dream of. Access to especially ventilated rooms where they can indulge in peace. I like that, George. All right. The two at the esteemed University of Toronto and York University of the north of the city, suffer from chronic medical conditions that some doctors say can be eased by smoking marriage a week. There are more nearly 1500 Canadians who want to write to use the drug for health reasons. You're saying human rights? What? I was going to say I have that disease. Whatever it is. Whatever it is, you got it. I believe that. Suisato tendencies. I have a female animal who is good for it too. Using human rights legislation to petition their employers for the right to light up in the workplace, they face illegal struggle in the universities eventually agreed. Mom. Without the medication, I'm disabled. I'm not able to carry out meaningful and valuable productive work. Your university, chronology professor Brian McLean, who suffers from a severe form of degenerative arthritis. It helps me maintain my mobility as a physical problem. But also have to keep the pain in the distance so I can focus on my work with clean told rotors. A clean three month battle to persuade York University to provide a light up room. Finally, a clean this month is short and comparison to University of Toronto, philosophy for Professor Doug Hutchinson's year-long struggle. It took Professor McLean a season, three full months to get similar accommodations. And I believe that in Canada now, we should hope the next person who gets the accommodations to not take more than a month, Hutchinson told rotors. How do you like that, huh? Those of you in the fascist USA, but never less. I'm speaking of the USA, the US government, please, but all cancer was helped as deteriorating, and the Cuban dictators are elected to live through next year. Don't cry, buddy like that. Yeah, whatever. He's got terminal cancer, terminal baby, terminal. That their view is reinforced last week when the Cuba Foreign Minister backed away from his prediction that the ill and cancer would return to power by early next month. They see embryo. It's a subject on which I don't want to speculate, Philippi and Perez are okay to the AP and event. He don't want to speculate. The US government officials say there's still some mystery about cancer as diagnosis, as treatment and how he's responding. But these officials believe the 80 year old fascist, or a communist of whatever he only is leader, and it's cancer of the stomach, or colander and pancreas. You can see in Wikin and thinner, when officials say photos released last month, and it's considered unlikely to return to power, so right through the end of the next year. It goes to show what happens when he's too many of those V-fried beans. They still can't condition him at an ability because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the politically sensitive topic and they value their lives. With chemotherapy, cancer made live up to 18 months of the defense official without it, expected survival dropped to a three to eight months. He's going to be dead soon. Castro's dead soon. American officials won't probably talk about how they glean clues to cancer or health. But US-Fi agencies include physicians who study pictures, video, public statements, and other information coming out of Cuba. Maybe Bill Fist has been studying the pictures like he was of a terrient her cheery, that he was diagnosed on a camera. She looks really alert to me. Look at that. She just, well, the wound is clawed through right by her head there. Terri Shavilland her famous cheery. Oh, man, that's it. Look at all these episodes in Florida. First of was alienito and the hanging chads, and then we had the terrient her cheery. Oh, when it holds its stop, it's better. 840 votes on the poll, by the way, we could be up to a thousand and then three shades of alarms to you. I think you a lot of have a smoking room. An interesting question on a small light up. Not cigarettes or cigars, or I know just the room. What room would that be? Doesn't it look right here? Yeah, yeah, the one. Oh, since then, of course, I've got the current issue of what's here on this D in November, 20th. November 20th, 4th, they're a little ahead, anything. An actual inquire. And the front cover is enough to make you puke your guts out when you see care, a cursed e alley. Her secret, a liposuction, the real story of a way loss, 75 pounds gone, and there's the before and after in the before mainway, is one nasty, skanky looking cow. Wow. But the, and on top of the headline, dog about 100 is a crack addict. $300 million of horse turns ugly. Let's begin with that guess what movie was online, which I watched principally again. Speaking of which, with this boy, not with her, but. $54. Oh, okay, with her very hot husband. Ryan, Philadelphia, is to be right in the ring. Whatever house name is, he actually talked to with a kind of a story. No, man, right, we too, when he comes right down to him. I don't listen, I don't care if he says anything. Just shut up and then. Anyway, oh, her divorce turns ugly. The drugs, the affairs, and the cruelty. Oh, no. We're not going to be picking up poor Ryan's to leap, are we? But the big story on here, Kayney Fire did it, did it, did it. And Clara, world of exclusive, the secret meeting that cost anchor her job. And then when you get to the article, as you'll see when I get to it, the fire we're going to run, she may be fired. The headlines as fire does in past tense. Well, we're going to have a centerfold here. Drug craze now, may Campbell beat me bloody. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. That's what her former former, former one, racing team boss, Claudia Baitori says, and can beat me bloody. I guess that's who he said. I don't know. I didn't read it. I don't care about no McCamble. Or anybody out of these other drug craze, it is. New battle for a fairer. There she is. We're really bad against you. She's dying. She's on the way up. Oh, you see, Jack Palinstein over the weekend. Yes, he did. I think the honor of that, you should watch the stream again. No, geez. You said you'd ever saw it. And then how I didn't? All right. We're a little brand-brand. It's a wildest thing. It's like a million years old in that movie. Yeah. Anyway, Gary Cooper was in that, right? It's a Western. It's a cowboy movie. Oh, Alan Ladd, I think. But I'm not sure. Well, I don't watch cowboy movies, okay? I understand. Every sense where a rocker's in Gabby, he's when I was 18. He was, you know, 100 years ago. I don't watch cowboy movies. I don't watch Westerns. Whether there's spaghetti, Westerns, although I do like my low car pasta. You want to hear the story about Katie, Katie out, and not much of a story. Yeah, sure. Secret, meaning that cost anchor her job. New is gankin' end up on 60 minutes earlier, Lee show. And then, if you read the article, it's like, what are we talking about, and here's this Katie, correct? Could be fired from a new 50 million dollar year job. The anchor has learned exclusively. Intoxycward meetings are bosses of the CBS TV news have drawn up contingency plans to remove the 49 year old former today's star from the anchor chair. The better put her in the electric chair, the bitch. If the perky news cast remains in last place in the news ratings, where she'll be replaceate sources, the sources are looking at several options, including moving her to 60 minutes early, show. The real early show. When they move into the real early show, the door, door, door, door, door. That means that they want you out. Katie, feels both Brian Williams and NBC and Charlie Gibson ABC, and the prospect of overtaking her competitors look grim, what a bull's down to, this isn't in shock, that she could be fired and not even know it, whatever that means. A close source added, there's absolutely panic now that this was a bad mistake that needs to be fixed. I would have told him that for a consoling fee of nothing. The stunning development comes on the heels of the anchor as exclusive report that Katie has been emotionally devastated over her poor ratings. He blows. We've real that the chirping news stars, averaging no more than no more viewers than 69-year-old veteran newsman, Fuddy Dirty Bob Shefer, her lower paid interim predecessor, brought an afternoon rather left with a shoved out of the anchor spot. So this is God punishing CBS for caving into the Eneocons, and for pushing old Danny Boyot. The inquiry also disclosed that a desperate Katie turned a former NBC anchor Tom Volkaw for tips on news anchoring, and politics. Behind the scenes her bosses are in caster for comments of Katie made in which it appears she didn't care about the fact that she was a guest, remained in the last place to Volkaw insider. Katie's searing comment, if her new U.S. stated they actor were 30, she was quoted as saying her coming in and becoming number one, was never an expectation by anyone in CBS news, and it shouldn't have been an expectation by anyone in the outside world. We didn't expect it. We knew she sucked in the drama in the first place, like a fish out of water, baby, like taking your goldfish and sticking the living room floor. Expecting it to run around a little bit for you. CBS bosses fear that her lower ratings will hurt the prime line of the follows confided the close source. To make matters worse, critics are surfing like sharks. Better in New York news, they tell Mr. Miterberg and Gaze said that the newscast isn't working. No kidding, Vurn, sounds awfully gay to me. Even former CBS anchor man, Walter Crock, I'd offered his prescription, more hard news. Walter likes it hard. Then over his try to keep the national squad-led unskilled anchor and Katie's first six weeks behind the anchoredist, CBS News female correspondence received 40% fewer assignments than they did under Sheeper, according to an industry publication. Katie seems to be getting hit from every direction, getting criticism for hogging the spotlight, refusing to travel under soft news, approach to the inside of she's too freaking soft that bitch. The important switch to readying period is upon them now, and their secret meetings that were posted decide to Katie is fired if she can't bring the broadcast up to at least second place. Most of the sense of that, she is fired if she can't bring that to at least second place. That's very good. You're all fired unless, you know, right? It's kind of like a worsen with Greg and George O'Ros. However, CBS spokeswoman insists Katie's doing great. Everybody here's very excited about our progress since we're the only newscast that's up. While the others are down, but a studio insider concluded, while everyone is hoping for a miracle it's going downhill fast. Good. And well deserved, okay. But a bunch of idiots put in her under it. I mean, just totally unqualified, totally out of place, and fits like a glove in your nostril, in your earlobe. You know, it was big rubber gloves with rump of heel scents, if you buy one of his trussies there. No, those big rubber gloves that they stamp out like for about a half a penny of pair. Nope. Eight hundred sixty-seven votes. You better get with rump of heel, Mr. He's your good buddy. That's right. That really need pasta machine. And I'm sure you threw away a long time ago like I did with mine. Yes. The U. God. I realize that my show is drawn, and we can go around and wait. Oh, it's not a toy bug. Like how real weightlifting is. Something to eat, but tell me, just see that play. You need to get something to eat, but please just figure out how that machine is better than me. Now I want the paper set. We love the comic now. Just see the love of child. Yeah. You put the baby in me and we get well done more stable. We are down. And you play. Right, you spin, see. That's not my gen. He's in trouble with seeing me. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's a big part of the game. Hey. Yeah. Oh, I mean, that's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. Yeah. Yeah. I want the paper set. Round. We all belong this way. We need to be here. I want the two bad legs. We're still in brand new game. When we don't know what's next. In the memory gave a world. Can we not to be without being like you, or rather? Because I just used to love you. Yeah. Got the bad image of you. We're down towards stable. We find. Yeah. And we're running around and waiting. He's right. He's by a city. Not a modern world. Yeah. I need some more money. He's in trouble with seeing me. Come on out. Yeah. You put it in memory. I want to go and be part of tension. You can't be with us. We can get some stuff to be with this balance. We can. We're like a twinkling. It's worth some time. And our case. I love you. That's what we all want a little something. Baby. In fact, I'm looking for that. It's true about Ryan Philippe and Reeze with us. We're not going to give a crap about her, but never less. And I told you about Barker's out. You guys wouldn't be. You know, I mean, the Barker's going to the dogs and couldn't be happier. The prices are right. Host is coming in. Quits in June 2007. Wants to spend the rest of his life involved with animal causes. And being surrounded by loved ones. That's sweet. Go on. After a number of health scares, they soon to be 83. You will realize that all work in no play doesn't make him happy. And the set of the step down is the most familiar face on TV. It was the hardest decision. Bob has ever made a close source for a meal. He's been in the club. It's been 50 years in TV. 35 with him hosting the prices right. You don't have to be on truth of consequences. Okay. Now he's ready to vote more of his time. He's right. He's been carrying for his manager of pets. Bob is going to pour whatever energy he has left into volunteering for animal rights causes. And probably bang in some of those Barker's beauties there from the prices right. It happened in the suit. Barker's head is up soon down. He's whether it's several lawsuits in the mind. He's brought by hostesses of the show with one legend. He's sexually harassed her ass. He's also out of an surgery to unclog a block out of the 99 knee surgery in 2000. At prostate surgery in 2002. All of these things. All of these things. Bob used to be able to balance the show with his private life. Said the source. Now he craves more time to himself. The health scare is really help put him life and work in perspective. Yadiya. For crying out loud, he's got millions and millions and millions and millions. I know. Good. God. If I want to send us a little something, so I give them tell them animals. I'll speak in a dog's dog is a crackhead. How about that? It says instead of walking the straight and narrow, I wouldn't as his claim, Dwayne Chapman is breaking the law. And here's a picture of the dog. It says, I've seen him so messed up. He couldn't get to his office. He's a filmist TV show. He says, one source. And here's a picture of a typical crackfight. I don't know what this is. The thing is a typical crackfight. The dog is a crackhead. Body, how does this goes up to two grand a month? Two grand a month on crackhead. You guys, the incident, you little something, something that you would probably use. The main dog Chapman is a crackhead. Survival, I wouldn't as sources of exclusive to the inquiry. The mole of here fell in chaser. As been smoking crack cocaine since the release 1995, say the I wouldn't. And it's been up to two grand a month on drugs. That's more than a hundred years ago. I've been up to do grand a month on drugs. That's more than even George Spins. Well, almost. And one of the most blatant examples of celebrity hypocrisy of her dog, or just the lawbreakers he covers on a sit A and E show dog about a hundred, to go straight and kick drugs while he gets hired on a kite. Sounds like a limbo to me. He'll pop a rush. Now, when it sounds like a hippocryp. The Wayne Chapman is a phony. I know because I'm his crackhead or tattooed blonde Linda Hegel, who's been selling drugs to Chapman since March 2005 told Ian Quarra. She, I don't know, she's the dealer. I've sold crack to him, a swell cracker, more than a hundred times. And seen him so messed up, he couldn't get to his office to film the MTV show. Chapman's former girlfriend, delaying the duck, and also claimed she's smoke crack with him in 1995. And again, in Denver in 2005, dog is a cocaine. He snorts and smokes at any eats at the limit told Ian Quarra. He's eating. He way overdosen and he can't get enough. Once I've refused to give him any more drugs, because I thought he was going to die, he said. He was saying, I'm dying on the head. Simply poured off for Chapman, who's halfway to chosen the third season after federal agents recently arrested his answer to the edition of Mexico. But the night before September 14th, arrest, Linda says he brought $200 worth of crack from her. And he bought another hundred dollars worth of crack from her before authorities told him off to jail the next day. The extra living case is now on hold, but in the months, leading to his arrest, Chapman blew thousands of dollars on a wild drug spray. Dog bought about $2000 worth of crack from for me for a year. You're in a half-sadland, the who passed the polygraph test. Oh, there's Barack Obama speaking. To the quotes of a wall together. The water falls like rain. That's your nice present, by the way. At some point, I know that one of my daughters will ask, perhaps my youngest, Betty, why is this monument here? I understand how Lala Hazel is saying. He'll say, what you'll be talking about, girl. Anyway, he's great. You're like him as much as I do, but I'm telling you, he's the person who says that. I don't know, just to, I like him a lot. Anyway, where is this? He'd usually buy crack from me once a twice a week for hundreds of dollars at a time, he'd paying cash to his wife, Beth Wood, and find out, Linda. The first time we did business was in March 2005. Wayne said he'd pay me two grand for our girl and drugs. I sold him five grand as a crack, but he wasn't capable of having sex after we smoked it. Shockingly, Chapin smoked crack inside his Oahu-Hauai-Hom while his children were sleeping of court and Linda, how do you like that? Where my children sleep at a broken water awake? And for kids we're getting up, he'd go into the bathroom and his wife was sleeping. We smoked outside in his car on the garden. When the garden is good for the plants, smoking crack also triggered severe paranoia in Chapin's as Linda, who has that he once spent two years in a Texas prison on murder charges. I think he needs the illusionist on there. What else is name, Chris Rock Angel? My fruit. The mine free gear, maybe just some other freak. Wayne would think someone was filming him or recording with Sylvia. He'd run around the house, checking the windows, and doors to make sure they were locked. What's more, Chapin who claims to be a board again, Christian, even got high before taping a show, according to a link. Smoke all night before filming a TV show, then he'd be too high to do the name show, Sylvia. It was moved from Hawaii to California to do a scapegoat druggy past. Both would be calling, cursing and saying, I've got 20 producers here waiting for Dwayne, but Dwayne wouldn't leave. He wanted to stay and keep smoking crack. I have to shove him into the shower, poor coffee down his throat, and get him to take a vacuum to bring him down. Connie Chapin was murdered dog in the early 90s, also said he wouldn't have his crack use. First hand. Of its queen. Like Moses before him, he would never let him go and let him go, Barack Obama, he's just like Moses. And for Moses speaking of drugs? Sure. Hold Moses. Two years after we separated, I went to his house after the kids were all home and dog open the door, he was smoking hit a crack, Tony told the inquire, the pipe was in his hand, he said, mind you own business, and physically threw me down six steps into the yard. Dog is always talking about rehabilitating people on TV, but I know him for the phony he is. I can't stand his hypocrisy no more. He kind of reminds me of Dr. Phillip that'd be the case, you know what? Phony, belonging. I'm not sure if you can get a question, I'll be the other one. Chef and even smoked crack, bourbon Ted. Even smoked crack with a son, Christopher, according to those close to the family, now 37, Christopher is in the Colorado jail. Christopher told me he was smoking crack all the time with dog in 96, he blames dog for getting hooked on crack and soda-wise, a Gloria hex, a race Christopher from the time he was fired. Chef and Zex were off in, to land also confirmed the bounty hunter used drugs with Christopher. One time I paid dog up at hotel in Denver, he told me that he and Chris had been smoking crack for five days, and he was also passed a polygraph test. One contacted by the inquire about claims by Linda Delane and Gloria that he smoked crack. Chef and said, here are all lying. Asked if he ever smoked crack he answered, why would I tell you that? Then he insisted he had never smoked crack cocaine, I think I have a lot of enemies right now because of this thing in Mexico. Well that must be it. Despite his analysis, the claims he only has Chef and Zex interested in heart. I'm really going to truth about Dwayne to make him get healthy for us to wait. I don't want him to die, she said. I want to tell him the stage that everyone keeps being left behind was not carried out before he coffee, but he was fishing at $5.80, and his head that he created, you know, he heard you lie in, wouldn't he be affected also? Complaining about the wonderful rejoinding that they spend so much time on to make sure they don't need the best clients? игрative. But we've got some shorter versions for years to and for us for the show. Good. I'll never just for us, just for us. Because our audiences want here like five minute clips and sports shows that's in our listening to in the first place, but if they did listen in the first place, they would have already heard of him, is that what you're trying to say? Great. Paul, this big market radio? Paul, Paul, this is their number of athletes ever been made in the neighborhood. Okay, I'm such a... ...al-w-I-M-Z... ...where there's a parenting for the image, it still must be... ...from two to six. I guess you say, work can't move the old that way. All right. Close. Just looking back, and wait, Zimmer. In the sun, what's coming... ...there's a η mène. Each answer calls of colours and<|cy|> is smoking on a steady vibe... Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey bye hey hey hi hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey I'm going to start. Is that right back to memories? It won. I'm playing my goal. It's a nice habit horrible on the year. And anyway, and I wonder if Stan is still alive, so I just Google STEM major. Where are they now? It's to stand around in Tampa, in the mid 70s, having them successful talk for grams in New Orleans, Kansas City in Milwaukee. You also covered the Vietnam War for NBC News in 1969 and 70. I'm looking through this thing and I don't see any court events. You're about what? Any court events? Monol. Stan says, my most vivid regular election of the WDA year, and that's Tampa was the FBI and circumstances had interference in start my car and I could blow the pieces, not blown to pieces, blow to pieces. The minute I hit town, I started doing a bunch of shows on the Kennedy assassination, because good old Santos traffic had he was there, along with great lunch, former CIA big of, CIA big, and basically they had been a great hero to the Miami Cubans. In fact, I had gray on one night and looked from the street and they asked him if he had any part in killing JFK. I don't think I've ever been a physician to ask a question like that before. For since he said, no, of course, but then I asked him if he knew any of his Cuban compatriots who had a JFK dead and he said, yes. Since I've shown what well in ratings, but everyone got messed up with them and tempered the team through his to organize the station personnel. We were all gone shortly after that. There's nothing to hear about WNWS about INZ, but I didn't have that stuff. Like he was never even in the market for Christ's Sakes. He returned to the Tampa area in the early 90s to begin a America's first live online program at the Son of Radio Network. The first, first of years, it was based in Clearwater. His National Service heard on about 500 stations over nine year period, including our assisted stations here in Tampa or Orlando and West Palm Beach. It says, I think like that. So I guess he's still alive. Well, this is a 2002 Ted Webb. He had any of the who to wicked web-we-we when we practice to be we've. So I don't know what's going on with him. I know I still ever got my money into investment. To them, we don't take any calls. Maybe that's what it would be. We're going to be standing on the floor right there. Hey, stop it. Go ahead. Sure. That's another reason not to take any. And in 1943 calls on the pool, we'll be doing 1,000 before you can say, cursteel is a cow. She is a brother. She is just a cargant, you wouldn't believe me, from one fat pig to another. So did you see any of that? Because they showed clips of it. I mean, all over the news. Does that see any of her big Oprah day view when she showed off her new body, wearing a body stocking up to hold on. On our fat actress, cursteel is having a shocking liposuction secret from her fans. She's facing plastic surgery to finish off her dramatic transformation state sources. Cursteel who bravely plotted her figurine bikini on the Oprah show, which we just babble about November 6th, and said in interviews that she'll never have plastic surgery, but inside this particular show, soon be singing a different tune. The new cursteel, they say is actually considering liposuction to turn down the problem areas that have been resistant to her weight loss efforts. Her first year is thrilled with all the weight she's managed to lose, but there's still some extra pounds in the egg year, no kidding. Although she claims to have lost 75 pounds in a year by following a strict diet and exercise program, Jenny Craig. And he caught Jenny yet? She needs a teeny. Cookie now. The 55 year old cow can't lose the fend and her thighs and legs and experts say only surgery can get rid of the figure she craves. Dr. Bruce Nailer, a New York based plastic surgeon, personal trainer believes that little lip and tuck will make cursteel look fantastic. I think a little fun? What would do it? Sorry, wrong button. Right now she looks disproportionate, said Dr. Nailer looks like two different people are doing it to waste. Like they're from two different worlds. By Jane Morgan and Roger Williams on cap reference. Dr. Nailer explains it because women tend to stir fat in their thighs and it's your weight loss and probably come from curstees already self-operbody, not her lower half. It's felt like a bossy of the LC-de-bordant cow. And it goes on. Care, she can't have the surgery right away because it would be a violation of her Jenny Craig contract. She admits you got fat the old thousand way by eating too much. She claims she doubt 8,000 calories a day during her feeding frenzy days and ballooned up to a whopping 12 pounds before becoming Jenny Craig spokesperson. The former chair's actresses thrilled with the results. She's a tango Jenny Craig, but because she can't seem to lose the interest in her thighs, she's reconsidering a lipo. Anyway, here's the story that everybody is hanging on the eggs of the seedless dam. Reces 100 million out of divorce turns ugly. Plus the drugs, the affairs in the cruelty, here's a picture of Reese, which by the way, she looks pretty good to me here and she's always calling her a pig. She is a biogly. She's not ugly in this picture, man. Maybe it's a good photo. She's a solid-spotty boy. You know, lying, a good angle. She looks really hot. Did you touch her? Did you touch her? You're a me as here. Abby Cornish. Who? Abby Cornish and Ryan Philippe for not him. Says one game hand. Cornish. The biom show. Okay, it's said, well, maybe you don't want to hear about this. I don't want to hear about it. I don't have this. What's the name? Ryan's a criminal or a name. Reese with the spoon suffered years with a husband from a hell who badly we traded before she ended her marriage or, since they riotfully cared on the string of a listed affairs, he was drugs. Well, well, Reese 30, the man. Struggle to make their 70 marriage work for the sick of their children, Eva 7 and Deacon 3 and a car investigation reveals no more sources who say that Ryan 32 repeatedly humiliated the legally blonde beauty behind her back. And if he looked like him, he would be getting all the good too. Despite Ryan's bad behavior, he could clean up a divine since the couple reportedly didn't sign a pre-nip under California law earnings during a marriage or divided 50 50 at stake in their divorce is $100 million thanks to Reese's mega rise at the Hollywood Box Orifice. The couple announced there's a little October 30 after Reese heard rumors that Ryan was cheating with Australian actress Abby Cornish 24, Cornish tonight is having anything to do with the breakup of the marriage. A remorseful Ryan left Reese and ominous note they read, say goodbye to the kids for me, so the source goes to the couple. And ominous note, say goodbye to the kids in up your as a bitch. The tinsel town too some appeared blissfully happy when they wed June 5, 993 months before daughter Eva's birth. Their couples began after their son Deacon was born in Sparrow, a control when Reese's fee sorted $29 million a film after she went to Oscar for Walk the Line. Ryan lost interest in Reese especially after Deacon's births of the source. Maybe she was like sloppy and saggy if I think that was it. Maybe you. Sources claim Ryan what that was that I don't know crap. Sources say Ryan stayed in spring 2004 straight even stayed in East straight off him and Kiosk and Vancouver. He cheated with a woman he met at the cactus club cafe across the street from the Opus hotel where he stayed. She's very petite much like Reese but she has big boobs along our fears and insider Vancouver. She's got big, big, beautiful boobs along our here. Ryan invited her to club bar none one night with him and neck to power. How can they even go to 54? Ryan and the woman left the pallet of our one upstairs to talk to him and spending that night and several more nights together who would all sorts of acrobatics and things. Up and down in and out one morning Ryan got up and began to chat with Reese and their kids on his webcam although a woman just had sex was in the next room. How do you like that? Yeah. One thing when they had car rastole and a few that a sexual relationship with Ryan she answered no comment. Shockingly Ryan's alleged extomarital high geeks in Vancouver don't end there. Ryan was notorious for calling over waitresses and clubs asked them to bend down like he was going to whisper something in their rear. When they did he'd stick it nose as close as he could at their next after taking a huge sniff he tell them how great they smelled that guy was a pig. He didn't stick his nose in their rectum that we know of I guess you know how that's a great great smell. Franched are also dropped by brand these night club the same Vancouver strip club Ben Affleck visited when he cheated on JLo with guys probably Ryan looked over every day to pass by said a source he later said he accompanied one strip into a second form massage farmer where he grabbed about the hot lot hot time they had together and it goes on man on who cares you know. I actually look really good in this picture you'd be very impressed that's fun. I was watching a movie with her in it over the weekend wasn't a bad movie but boy she I'm gonna tell you this picture she looks absolutely beautiful. It's only she looked like that. And Ryan was just not a profile picture isn't. No you can see how miss shaping she is from the side. But Paul was a lower John. I'm cutting out like sort of a troll. Yeah I think Ryan's a cutting out too. Ready, no, displacement, sportswear! This is the Neil Rogers Jewish farm juice clip. She says it's a good job. who I don't know who deactivated something. I heard Pesenes say that they resigned but now I can't Now we won't have to pay the ground already, change the kids in the hall, we can now pay the ground. If they do, if I wonder if that action killed Rinsumer law, we could stand in one. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they want to win, though, if they want to, if they want to, if they get over to my very own, we won't have to get in. If they do, if they think that the dollar is a little boy crook and so he won't. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they don't. And with an option, if they want to, if they do, if they do, if they is not the definition of adoption, what will he want to pay? If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do, if they do. If they do, if they do. If they do, if they do. All the kittens have to see, of course, they probably have two eyes on the back of his neck. But nevertheless, at least in an agency where he's going to where he's been. You, level 4 at 5, 60, WDQM, free and last, freedom-loving Chris Rock has rocked his family, launching the worst-presaving agencies wife in early 10 years, because marriage may him feel in prison sources say. I'm not going to do this anymore. Yeah. I don't know what he's talking about. The popular comic has started a high power divorce that's during the Helping Shed, Malach, Compton Rock, Chris 41 and Malach 37, but a happy for a long time. Chris never wanted to be married in the first place. He felt pressure does he become a star to get married and have a family, possibly labeled as gay, or in some way, on a wholesome. Chris tried to make the relationship work for the sake of a couple's daughters, low-law for him, Zara, too, but he's always wanted to be, I'm on the talent, instead of a family man. The company will marry in the November 1996 temporarily, split in the same or not, because of Chris's celebrity lifestyle focusing on girls, glitz and glamour. The phone-loving comic into a kick-off as he goes with Hollywood pals, including Madonna, a date made of his, uh, before marrying Malach. In the original, remember the couple finally released it with Santa Collequids. It was nothing personal against Malach. He's a beautiful person, and Chris does he couldn't advance for better mother for his children, but time to move on. He said he always felt marriage was like being in jail. George. Uh-huh. Yeah, it's sad. Our story is that the comic's well-trapped by the marriage, but the source concluded Chris always felt marriage was just like being in jail. Although in jail there's more sex. And in the culture and tragedy in the cash, since he was a son, Dicey's made two and a half son, her new baby, and a staged commitment ceremony with her lawyer. She sold the last photos of Daniel for a reported 650 grand. She made an estimated $1 million for selling pictures of a fake wedding to her lawyer companion Howard K. Stern. The former playmate then banked a $1 million selling her first interview since Daniel's death, and a video of her daughter's birth. She is a nasty, hateful bitch. Slut. God, how do you like that? I've stored it here. Well, we already knew about that. And she's classy. Yeah. Yeah. 9808 votes on your NT by the time that our first break of the hours over, we're going to have a thousand votes. There we can go home. And feel like we had a bigger accomplishment. We got mad dog at two today, the power hour with a hundred mad dog between four and five. What you could hear, touch to that if you wanted to listen to the luck in the old days back and then when we had those long rejoins. Now what did he actually say to you? I want to hear, I don't want to hear you in the double. I'm making up crap. What do you say? He said, I heard Neil complaining about those rejoins in the late events, so I gave Josh a list of short rejoins for you guys to play on your show. Right. As opposed to playing on the other show, we're having a two and I was okay, I guess. Well, they love them on the other shows. I'm doing crap. Vs. Oh. Vs. 980 votes on the pool. What's your take on these pools? What do you think? What do you want? What do you think? They're fine. 751. Once a week is good, 97. And I'll be good. Once a week. I hate this pool 56, as in a 5.6% look at all the 56 is in there, man. I think it's an old man. They suck 43, the pool suck and get rid of them 43. Well, that's not even 9% between those last two. They overwhelmingly like the pool. I mean, what's not like if you don't like it, don't vote on it, that's all. No, no, that's not good enough. Stay away from it. Give me something to complain about. That's what Ryan Fully told, he's with his pool. Keep your hands off of it if you don't like it. Keith O'erman, Tessa, will have discontent as the anti-Orily. To keep our key to correct is on the verge of getting fired. Keith is moving up in the world. By the way, that line about pick her up by the feet and eat her like a shrimp. Yeah, and that one bit. Yeah. No, it was hysterical. I love that line. I think I'll probably go to get it. Just that. I just needed to find his voice. He'd been a drooled sportscaster, a serious news anchor, and a big wing critic of Fox News host Bill O'Reilly. The most of these personas really clicked. Any found one? A little over a year ago, as a White House fumbled in boxy Katrina recovery, Oberman finally blew up. He concluded a broadcaster of his MSNBC cable news show Countdown, with an independent rant in the red-attack cadence of his idol Edward Armourl, he called it a special comment. And just like that, Oberman found his voice, the angry every man. He became a liberal cat report to conservative media writers like O'Reilly and�� and Blun in Internet start too. The result has been a cultural earthquake. Oh my God. I like that. A cultural earthquake. He broke. Here's what happened. I haven't been an old woman. I'm in a phone interview this week. Five years ago, and I live in 50% of the country went quiet. There was this self-imposed censorship. Suddenly, it became unimaginable to criticize the administration. No one else was brave or stupid enough to say, I don't remember signing that document. The oldman is hot, and every sense of the word he likes to say that the first epic creating one of his blistering of the tutorials is to get pissed off, and that's certainly how he sounds. And you do understand that getting pissed off. If it stops, it's me fired up when I hear someone say that. Right, I do understand. But there's something more to it too. Conservatives may hate his attacks, but no one doubts that he comes across as one of the smarter guys in the room. When he laid in the Ben Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld August 30th, he threw a references to Naval Chamberlain, the policy of appeasement. Let's see, NBC Network anchor Brian Williams, full-ed off. Not that he would try it. Broadcast Networks are not interested in the controversy overman says, well, maybe they better start thinking about it. I think, says MSNBC General Manager, that punk Dan Abrams, that Keith Abram may be a model for the newscast of the future, and sure Abrams is going to say that because he's overman's boss. Besides, the MSNBC ratings have been on a roll, he helped by the 67% of the viewership for Obama and show in the years since he began channeling Howard. I'm his man, his song, I'm not going to take this anymore, Bill, from the way of work. How do you like that? He's channeling Howard Bill. But there's something more at work here, a possible new model for the next stage of electronic media. The Obama isn't just getting more viewers. He's getting more views, lots and lots more. It may have been the Rumsfeld piece that struck an earth, captured on you. It was email all over the country, watched again and again. I'm up after the period I've calved down. It had been seen more than a hundred thousand times. I was told that this thing was flying all around to various places. He says, he heard that as many of them are more people were seeing it, there than when seen the original was amazing. That only was at a rock solid indication. Rock solid. It overman was pulling younger viewers, but there was legitimate proof that it could move product as well. The day to Rumsfeld piece, there appeared as for all of our Rums new book, the worst person in the world, placed at 19,000, and MSNBC Generalist, according to media beast, or about comemedia news website, after the commentary aired in the book moved to 19, from 19,000 to 19. A little bit of a move, when you say, oh, bet. It's tangible evidence of what Obama calls the proverbial ripples on the pond. Not that he needed the book sales to convince him, wherever he goes, people rush out to him, tell him they've seen one of his special comments and that he speaks for them. Six weeks ago, Obern says the woman burst into tears, I was at a restaurant with my girlfriend, she came up to me and started crying. Suddenly everyone wants Obern. Last week, he and political veteran Chris Matthews teamed up to anchor MSNBC's mid-term election coverage. The result, Abrams called it a major turning point for this network. Radings were across the board and the coveted 25 to 54 age demographic increased 111 percent from the 2002 midterm election. What's next? I expect to see Obern leave in more mainstream settings. The next one thing he is resisting, however, is pressure to prove more special comments. He asked a field, and he says, otherwise I'll turn into a cartoon myself. He'd be saying. Certainly, there's the passionate carries today, as Abrams says, keep isn't taking this into viewers can see that. But not that he's got everyone's attention. Everyone's asking Obern the same question, whether he's out of the election and the resignation of Rumsfield, where were he find targets? I'm giving the Democrats six months, he says, and then they may be in for some special comments of their own. Don't think he's getting. He's found a point of view and he isn't afraid to use it. He told the winner, coped out, 8 to 9 PM MSNBC, Monday through Friday. You go, Kim. Yeah, you go, Kim. He's the great white hope. And we've got a thousand more than votes. Holy, moly, I can't believe that. Can you? I believe it. What is the significance of that? Is the race significance? No, no, absolutely none. We should have put that on there too, like who gives a crap? But you, whatever. There is. No matter what the brilliant pull question is that Sean, or one of our listeners, who then maybe even I've come up with that, I can give him a news, which is unlikely. And to our presenters say, whatever. I couldn't give a rest. I couldn't hear less than he wants you to know that too. Because he's a hard ass. He's a little hard ass. And a little hard ass. And a little bit about things that don't affect my life. And that's right, me too. Just like the pull result. Like he said, oh, we can get the, anybody really think I care? No, first of all. What do I care? You only have to remember, thank you, about a little one's in that paycheck. Are you, drugs back in? My fellow Americans. This is your president, George W. Bush. And I know that black me, many of you were upset with North Korea's nuclear proliferated nuclear proliferated, uh, getting nukes. We are poised on the break of a serious doughdown here folks. And while makes matters worse, the North Korean's of called, quote, gangster lock. I'm here to tell you not, we are not gangster. Calls, let's just have a roll off. Then he's in the ass. Call, we're just gonna go. Call, we're just gonna go. I'm down with it. We're gonna go. Call, we're just gonna go. Call, we're just gonna go. And call, we're just gonna go. He better just make a tune. We're gonna go. He's in our, or hangin' on. Sounds like a video, I should know. His role would be a role to the band's role. It's gonna push you going away. The word came on the day now. It's gonna show you how it is. We had a thousand 31 hosts on the pool. 760 friends on my space on my space page. I have no idea what that's good or not. The judge says for an old fact like me, it's pretty good. Damn. That's damn good, you old fact. The US Embassy in Indonesia warned today that demonstrations over a visit by US President George W. Bush could turn violent and told Americans to be vigilant and avoid protest areas. They hate him like poison. Bush is getting to make sure it visits to win the need to the world's most popularist Muslim nation. And in ally, and US Latented Terrorism, Frizzon Asia, on November 20th. There have already been protests from hardline Muslim groups in the run-up to the visit. Separately in opposition party is criticized the construction of helicopter pets, and the 87 hectare by a botanical gardens in Vogor, a scenic town in the foothills near Jakarta. Heptar. Heptar Lopez, used to play third base for the Yankees. Bush is meeting with an Indonesian president, Yudni Hangyo, whatever his name is, will take place at a palace in the gardens, and massive security is expected in Iran, Vogor. While the Zidma groups intended demonstration to be peaceful, any demonstration can turn confrontational and escalate into violence. U.S. Embassy sent to American citizens in Indonesia. The embassy or the Americanist to avoid the Ores and answers demonstration sites, to avoid crowds, maintain low profile, and be vigilant about security at all times. I am Indonesian standards, the protests of far-while frequent, have been relatively small and peaceful. But on Saturday a low-grade bomb at Offensive Jakarta, a lot of the U.S. base, a NW restaurant, and it's an in some local media link to Bush's visit. How do you like that? They brought a bomb right, they came out of Oreskates and they brought a bomb right to your car. That's sweet, special delivery. $1,34 votes on that poll for those poll watches. Man, we got a lot of people out there, keep track. They're charging, 1-0-1? I don't know why. Because they got nothing else to do. So, Stan, I guess, is doing a significant morning to America, breakfast of Champions, something like that, I guess. And you know, I scoured the internet during the breaks there. I know the law, I went out of that come from. I don't know. Well, I was looking because between now and the end of the year, I want to play like a lot of stuff we haven't played in a long time. Old, old, old, old, old, old, old. Oh, yeah. Stan, major. I knew it was talking about it. It was talking about it. It was about it. You met that. Wasn't what the hell is your problem? Can is in New York, son. When he went through his job, I don't want to gain back. I can't show it to you. But who do you want? I do what you want, Alan. I think you want Joe, you're in old? So cool, son. Then what's the hell do you want in the air, silent? It's that old we have to show you. What are you giving me, man? What is that old? What are you want? Is that old, we have kind of content. Do you want during to the set? I just can't. I just can't. The next stand may show. This afternoon is too. I knew it's not really a set. I told you I owe me. So anybody a binding and neat response lately? Or have some milky way dark candy bar? No, you're referring to it. I'll get to it. I'll get to it. I'll get to it. I'll get to your buddy, Capri, too. Oh, and that's another bad thing about not taking any calls. Capri, you can't call on anymore. Like I said. No. And like Captain, maybe he's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Anyway, speaking of Bush's problems in Indonesia, and everywhere around the world, where he's We've filed. The fact that they asked him in Finland, what do you think about President Bush? They said, home and dreary. President George W. Bush's response was swift and the size of it a little late. After voters gave Republicans a thump an act of polls, handing Democrats control about how the Congress Bush banishes contentious defense secretary. And finally, the presumptor leaders of the new hasn't sent it to lunch. And suffered through two pain photo ops with Pelosi and Harry Reid. And what did the president get for listing to the voice of the American people? The worst approval rating of his presidency. Bush's job approval rating is falling just 31 percent. According to the news we pull. How do you like that? Bill Clinton's lowest rating during his presidency was 36 percent. Bush's father was 29, and Reagan's lowest was 35 percent. Jimmy Carter's was 28. Nixon's lowest was 23. Just 24 percent approved by going defense secretary, Hermann Gering, and Rumsfeld's performance. And 31 percent approved by Duktini. So at least they're even Steven anyway. 31 for your Bush 31 for Cheney. 31 percent. Worst of all, most Americans are writing off the rest of Bush's presidency. Two thirds, 66 percent believe he'll be on a million, much done. Up from 56 percent of the United States are a poll. Thank God he won't be able to get much done. Only 32 percent believe he can be effective. But the new poll carries sober news for Democrats too, still on their post victory high. Just about everyone believes the Republicans lost the midterms more than the Democrats won it. That was certainly go along with that. Well, there's Dan Watter. What was that all about? Take them far down to the. What was that all about right there? Did you see Danny Boy? No. Presented with the list of factors that may have contributed to the Democrats. It says 85 percent of Americans said the major reason was disapproval of the administration's handling of the war in Iraq. 71 percent said this is one of the Bush's overall job performance. 67 percent said it is passed by a National Government spending and the adiatic. And a whole bunch of other numbers. That's no, but he wants to be recruiting me. Pondrous. When Venezuela's left his president Hugo Chavez called President Bush to devil in the one speech in September, many thought his anti-imperialist rhetoric had reached rock bottom, but. And I see the right hand margin this is chopped off. And I'm using Firefox exclusively. How does this possible? I don't know. I give a fresh depth of since been plumbed to Venezuela and government to judge recent events. Officially we guys, Bush as a genocide or Nazi who arranged the 911 service to text to justify aggression against the nations. In a speech last week, Chavez criticized the decision of Iraqi court to sit and dictate the side of the death penalty. If sentencing has been done, Hugo said the first one to be given the most of your sense of this planet should be the president. And we already talked about that last week. And we asked he said he should have been hung. His comments, which were fairly typical of his recent text on Bush, came shortly after the publication of Venezuela's illusion by Venezuela's legislative national assembly, describing the 911 attacks is self-inflicted. After next edition of the Foreign Ministry in Corraccus in which Bush was portrayed as a Nazi storm for a traffic accident on, spot on when you say so. I would. Chavez informed Mr. Nicolás Maduro have referred several times to suspicions that the 911 attacks were planned by the Bush administration and called for an inquiry. There you go. So the course of Democrats now, is not going to be any impeachment you understand. And I'll post you. I'll be the, you know, all the other wish you watched in a course, Harry Reed, who's a dead man in the suit. When Harry Reed is driving, they do a brutalizing, not the C.B. He's drunk just to see if he's still breathing. He is a dead man in the suit, I would say. When you say that? Yes. I sure about it in the same thing important in this inquiry. Sharon's basic instinct is back. Do we care about that old bag anymore now? No. Rinkle Lee is nasty. Penny Marshall is the first class of which, when she flies codes, we care about that old bag? No. What he saves her house from a foreclosure. We care about that psychotic nut, no. Martha versus Rachel Ray, the most adhesive schemes to survive against talk show newcomer. Can we give her crap about either of them? No. Tom Cruise is, what? It's not like Rachel Ray is so great. She's just not Martha Stewart who we hate. So we hope we try. You go, Rachel. That's right. And she's at work. I would have to work. Yes. Tom Cruise is pissed off. Can we care about Tom? I'm less easy to come in out. Pits up. You have a pit stop. You have a pit stop at a tea room somewhere. X-Powl, X-Galpowl, if your Keith can't stay clean and sober. Keith Urban. Oh boy. Nicole pregnant, but baby joy roamed by threat of divorce. How do you like that? He's finally pregnant, but her marriage to Keith Urban is a mess. Wow, I guess who care? Who'd have to see anyway? Some kind of country dude? You know it. Is he? Oh yeah. Oh, here's something. No. I don't want to hear no Keith Urban. Maybe little Keith's suburban. Barat Baxter and Clos encounter over sex gag. That's CLOTHES Clos encounter. I don't want to read this. Anyway, Josh Sadev, we'll be thought it was great. Some of the funniest crap I've seen in a long time. Good. In other sightings during the week we zeroed in on Jake Hill and Hal to the afternoon and Vine, party and cramps during Hollywood. He was there with the gorgeous brunette, but they didn't appear to be an item. The couple was goofing around like best friends and when they both spotted the young lovely in line, Jake's gal powers and the go-over in sort of conversation with a pretty stranger. Jake seemed too shy and couldn't pull it together to go talk to her. Oh, I said. Poor Jake. Give me a break, Jake. Take it. Put away your snake. Please, if there's Danny Boyd and Wanderer. If you had the better, I think you'd have to bet that we'll have a gridlock. That's not my hope and there is a possibility that if Poor Danny Boyd, man. Look at that. Pop had Danny. Look what we got now. Katie Curry. She's been fired. She's been fired. Or somebody's talking about her waiting sucks. Make a long story. Short and show this to you. Anybody with a brain. No she didn't pull along on her. She's a news reader. Like I'm a rocket scientist. Okay. Like I'm a genius. Just as there. It's so tight. I'm a moron. Especially when it comes to radio. What's up? The graphics man. There's a big old numbers we got. Twenty seven passed eleven and five sixty. WCM Mad Dog and two then that power hour baby. Then we got the hopper. Who's helping those scaled man and record levels. That was funny. How's Gary Cernanuma? Is he still alive or how's he doing what? Whatever. He's a real encosure. Sure. To guide your breath. They're beautiful. This is all I was to do. It's Dr. Phil. The crack addict staying at your house. What have I? One of them depicated in my roses. And another one made love to my one cherub. Deal with it. What? What am I supposed to do? Get him to leave. How do you feel man? How do I feel? How do you feel when he spits in your face and calls you disgusting. Then I'm looking to fish on off. Dude. Get him out of here. Feel good. Look. I don't want feelings there. I want to make it home with sky to put his hands on and stop helping my Chihuahua. I'm a damn sexy. I'm a 32, 28, to noon. Dr. Phil Man is he got some teller. What? No. Thousands of cases votes on the pool. Aren't you whipped up about that? No. A California man suspected of meaning threatening letters containing his suspicious white powder to celebrate the US politicians has been arrested. And could face federal charges to the FBI said. We still have that no idea. Just in case you were keeping track or maybe you forgot about the people who sent the and tracks. We have no clue who did that. Not even a more persons of interest. But investigators identified Chad Castagana, 39 of Northern Hills, California, as the persons suspected of sending more than a dozen threatening letters to media outlets and the homes of public figures in various cities. The FBI sent the same in last night. According to the federal search warrant, among most of us who received threatening letters were, John Stewart, a company's sentels that Ali Shou, Toshihov, David Letterman, Keith Oberman, and MSNBC, represented a Nancy Pelosi of California, and said it to Chuck Schumer of New York. The document filed on Friday, New West history court nail, A's said, multiple people in various cities including New York and San Francisco. We see letters over the past three months that contain an unknown, white powder in various written threats. In some cases, the threatening letters included expressions such as theft to demagogues and references to Alan Berg, a Jewish talk lady who was murdered by white supremacist in Denver in 1984. Castagerman at the white powder sent the letters was non-hazardist to say, but said, Castagana was arrested Saturday. There's some expected to make initial prints of federal court today. In 2001, as we well remember, powder re-entraxed four sent in letters to New York and the organization of the government offices in Florida, Washington, elsewhere, killed five people made least some team people. And those cases still haven't been solved. But they're working fever-said and you can be sure that, aren't they? Oh, that's what they say. And how about our Sami Imam, where you got him in Willable Omar and five times we got on a day ago? We're going to smoke him out of their holes. We're going to smoke him out, man. When in doubt, smoke him out. Speak your in-waiting, the Mao Sine Nancy Pelosi, through a support behind representative John Merther for majority of the U.S. today, giving a significant boost to Big Fagjana and his race against representative Stenie Hoyer. Have we ever had a name as Stenie anyway, huh? Though your strong voice for national security, the war on terror and Iraq provides genuinely to ship for our party. And I count on you to continue to lead on these vital issues, total sea work to Merther, he has said it, and let them change by the heel. And what if that's a great relation to Schlenn heel? Speaking of that. You know, I don't think we can play that bit anymore either. Which one day I hate the bird? Yeah, well, I know we can. I mean, if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday, on 16 WIOD, you missed this. As is the bird? Yeah. Merther, how you doing? Okay. Listen, do me a favor, play anything, because I can't stand listening to you. You start like a dude. Do a little bit of a favor, play anything. Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you, yeah, God. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. Who not just to tell you not to say anything, just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? Ah, play something already. Why won't you answer me? Oh, God, can't stand it. You won't say he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello? Anyway, as the House of Representatives on Challenge Leader Pelosi's considerable sway over a colleague, she and Merther have a long and close allies, but until now, she hadn't interfered in the majority of leader race. Santino, don't interfere. Remember that, Malacolio? That's right. I don't interfere. For endorsement, as the vote ends on turn the race, especially if she chooses to campaign on Merther's behalf, Pelosi's decision to back Merther's most significant move, she has made, since Democrats scored out his turn for the election day, the biggest movement she has made since the visits of the bowl. We acting to the leader, who I have said her support for Merther was no surprise, Nancy told me some time ago she'd personally support Jack. I respect her decision as to her very closely sent this statement. I'm grateful for this support. I'm grateful for the support I've made. I'm grateful for this support I have for my colleagues, and I have the majority of the caucus supporting me. I look forward to working with Speaker Pelosi as majority of leader, but about about whatever. Anybody interested in this crap? No, I'm not. No. You have a thousand, seventy-eight votes on the full. Like I said, now the elections over what now. Right? Right, now we wait. Wait for what? For something, they've got to do something too. What's other they're going to do? MP4 crimes. A Chinese submarine stopped the US aircraft carrier battle group in the Pacific Liesmo. And service with an firing range of its torpedoes missile before being detected. Oh my God. Washington Times has learned they surprised encounter highlight China's continuing efforts to prepare for a future conflict with the US despite Pentagon efforts to try to boost relations with the regions communist rule party. Comonist of communist to see every person as communist is baby. The submarine encountered with the US as Kitty Hawk and its accompanying workshops also as an embarrassment to the commander of the US forces in the Pacific Admiral William J. Fallon who has engaged in an ambitious military exchange program which China ended improving relations between the two nations and military. I wonder if he's related to the British Jockey, Kevin Fallon. I think that's his name. No Kevin Fallon? He ain't no Frank Heathens. I'll say to that. The slurs of the incident comes to that. Is that a nuclear and more gerry rough head? Her hand or the US no comment? Her hand or the US Navy specifically is making his first visit to China. There's nothing like rough sex. The force or animal was scheduled to meet senior Chinese military leaders during the weeklong visit which began over the weekend. According to the Defense officials, the Chinese song classed these old power detects submarine, shatter the Kitty Hawk undetected, and surface within five miles of the carrier October 26. The surface submarine was spotted by routines surveillance flight by one of the curious group planes. The Kitty Hawk battle group includes an attack submarine anti-Semory helicopters. Their charge would protect the warships from submarine attack. Currently officials, the submarines equipped with Russian-made wake-homing torpedoes in anti-ship cruise missiles. And it goes on. And I've got to watch that movie while we fight by you on. When they warbed in the system, that would be said which by storm a wartime president? That's our only export anymore. Maybe we could use the wartime concept year, not a wartime president. Tophead Janko, look what we got. So let me tell you why terrorists came in there and told you about those short-reduits. And that's because obviously, you know this because you had lunch last week with Joe Bell. A couple of members of the terrorist. The terrorist. The bad programming. I'm sure that because he was complaining, you're hurt me on the air. And it wasn't his decision. It's because Joe Bell told him, get those long-pondrous rejoins out of there. You're killing me on your killing like the listeners. You jackass you idiot. You fair right. That's why. I mean the audience knows that, oh Senator Carl Evans speaks to reporters about Iraq and some bulletin. The tingencies that were likely to face. It's those by-fuckals, our focals back up there. I'm traditional. I don't mean I can't believe I had it dumped myself again. Oh well. Isn't that what they're called? Yeah. By-fuckals. My knees buckle with him. They speak alcohol. They say, I don't even know. I said, I said, I just let Chuckle make sure he's buckle on. Yeah, that's all right. I know it's all right. I have to stop there. Look how you want from me. Okay, it's Monday. Plus a lot of stress. I didn't even get to watch American Dad yet. No, no rush. Oh. Not as good as the- Oh, it's good. It's all right. Well, I mean it's along those lines. But nothing is self-pondrous. Who's the episode with the- What the- What? Time and applause. Oh, well. Few things are. Next true. You're always a lie. And you're always a lie. And you're always a lie. And you're always a lie. Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I thought- Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not- I don't even call the every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you when you're not from this understubbing. No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the ball. I make the decisions you take to eat. Right? You all move the practice. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? Hold on. What are we doing? Remind. It will shut the hell up. I'm on the phone, Remind. I'm sorry, sir. Yeah, yeah, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Leave us. Get here, you folks. Stop it, please. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's my hand, Remind. That's your beat as well. My other hand, Remind. That's a full ball. Right. I can't hear anything, Remind. Stop saying the floor. Sorry. I'm sorry, sir. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. It's time to walk. What are we even beating the WB? Oh my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Oh, come on. Hold on a second. Remind. vegetables. That's what the hell you're doing with a harmonica. Remind. Don't play, Remind. I'll jam that thing down your throat. It's a boomer and away from me. Oh, for tomorrow, Remind. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. Sir, over 25 million people shot. I'm not buying her. Listen. Yeah. You see me what I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a good agent. If I cry in a while. I know we might hang up and down. So I decide. I'm the puppet master. I say it. You do it. Now, Fox is going to handle all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work. He's not the puppet master. Maybe. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes, you have a sense of how he is doing now. This is a blowball. It's nothing wrong with a floor, Remind. What's this in my ear? That you'll beat his mouth. My other ear, Remind. That's the phone. That's the phone, Remind. Get out. Get out. Get out. I've looked. Yes, sir. Tell me. Tell me. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. Tell me. Tell me. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. Tell me softly. So Carl, I've been says the US should start taking true set of vacancies. Once these have to be by-focals. Right down there on the tip of the nose. Looks like they're going to fall right off. Like they always do. They tend to be chairman and I will be as ranking. There you go. Carl, I mean, you know, Jewish or a senator from, I don't know where those little glasses are. By-focals. Is that what they are? According to Washington side, there are moves of foot to dump by-spresident Dick Cheney and replace him with either John McCain or Rudy Giuliani, part of the 2008 presidential election. Whoever succeeds in, he will be able to campaign for the presidency. But the first to come with being an incumbent vice president. They're like, I'll go. Since the increasingly received Cheney, a single of these got no intention of voluntarily stepping down, the strategy by the birth camp may be the force to mock by presenting evidence before special counsel, Patrick Fitzgerald. That it was Cheney who was responsible for the compromise of a CIA officer co-vert officer Valerie Plain Wilson and a Bruce D. Ginny's an associate's cover firm. I'm sure there's not the unusual professional relationship between Fitzgerald and Carl Rhodes defensively, Robert Luskin. And side is believe that Fitzgerald may be profiting carefully craft a deal by Luskin. We're by robable testified a Cheney's primary role in the outing of Mrs. Wilson under firm. The CIA of the Diamond Arrow will then be retired permanently. If such a deal is worked out for CIA may then offer a deal to school or living, Cheney's former chief of staff also to testify against Cheney. With such double-brill testimony, President Bush will then be compelled to ask Cheney for his resignation or face of a very nasty in public indictment. The game plan appears to be what D.C. and side is fairly quinnful, saw in a Washington Post outfit last month. And article that suggestion he's spoken extensively to a Donald rummstell who is aware of his impending firing. The opposite state of the rummstell would not be the scapegoat for a rack intended to be done shortly after the election. Quinn seemingly channeling rummstell instead of the after rummstell left. There will be only two scapegoats left, Dick Cheney and George W. Bush. The article concluded by asking which person would be served as the official scapegoat for a rack. This editor wrote based on the arrival of James Baker in the Cottery of George Herbert Walker, Bush Old Hands on the seal of the bailout of Georgia, it's clear that the Bush firemen does not intend to roll out one of its own to be declared a scapegoat. With words from White House sources, Cheney was opposed to the seconded of his old mentor, rummstell and even more resistant to the naming of Bush family lawyers, lawyers, rubber gates to take his place. It's clear that Cheney doesn't want to be placed in position of exposure. However, even Cheney Neocon Allies like Richard Pearl and Kineelman, since the Cheney is the designated scapegoat, have veiled about Hugh Mack Poor being a mistake. And her not distancing themselves from the Cheney group, once the most powerful operating cell within the Bush administration. It's a power play, man. It's a power grab. This group over here in the Neocons of an area. And much of a little crap. That's why these people are dead. Power play. We're like a hockey game, you know? Hockey game? Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Rosen, Al-Shore, sound ghosting. You guys are wrong, you are over there, okay? You're limited, ticks? Good luck to ya. Stick along. To the earwaffills in the... Marshall's. What is it? They say in Ireland, Hubham's rared, some of them. Hubbob? Well, Craigman writes. True blue potholes in the New York Times today. He's a Senator George Allen the Virginia is understandably shocked and responded. Just a year ago, an actual review cover story declared that his hometown persona made him quite possibly the next president of the U.S. instead is political career seems over. And it wasn't just Macaca or even the war that brought him down. Mr. Rowland, Macaca Woods, a reliable defender of the interest of the economic elite, found himself facing an opponent who made a point of talking about the problem of rising inequality. And the tobacco chewing football throwing tax-cutting social security privatizing senator was only one of many fake populists defeated by real populists last Tuesday. Ever since movement conservatives took over the Republican Party as court forefathers, they've been a small minority of wealthy Americans at the expense of the great majority of voters. To hide this reality, conservatives have relied on wagging the dog and wedge issues, but they've also relied on a brilliant marketing campaign that portrays Democrats as a leadist and Republicans as representatives of the average American. This slide ahead depends on shifting the focus from policy to personal style, John Kerry speaks French and win serves, so paying no attention to his final rule by tax cuts for the wealthy and use the proceeds to make healthcare affordable. This year, however, the American people lies up. Two to form some reporter still seem to be falling for the conservatives spin. If it walks talks like a conservative can be a damn ass that headline on a CNN.com story featuring a photo of senator like John Tester Montana. In other words, if a Democrat doesn't fit the right wing caricature of a liberal, he must be a conservative. But as Robert and Tolerant Cates' earnicky of the newer times quoted on the yesterday, what actually characterizes the new way of a Democrats is a strong streak of economic populism. Looking at Mr. Testius' actual policy positions, he has to increase in the minimum wage, notice also security properties and privatization. We need to stand up to big drug companies and have Medicare and negotiate for lower prices. We should stand up to big insurance companies and to afford a healthcare plan that makes healthcare affordable for all my Italians he said. So what aside from his flat top haircut makes Mr. Testius a conservative? Okay, he supports gun rights. But on the economic issues, he's currently incredibly left-of-centered. That's just compared with a current Senate, a compared with current Democratic senators. The same can be said of many other victories Democrats, including Bob Cacy and Pennsylvania, Southern White House and Rhode Island and Sheridan Brown and Ohio. All these candidates run on unobasually populous platforms and one. What about Julie Brman? Like Sherp writes your virus paying to Flaughtsum, some of season is reelection's proof of Americans continuing conservatism. The Mr. Lieberman won only through denial on this section, for example. By rewriting the history of his once-perven support for the Iraq War and Donald Rumsfeld. He got two thirds of the Republican vote that managed to confuse and have Democrats about his positions to get over the top. Last week's populous wave among other things vindicated the populist direction that Al Gore took and the closing months of the 2000 campaign. But will this wave be reflected in the actual direction that Democratic Party? Not necessarily, quite if you sit in Democrats have shown themselves nearly as willing as Republicans to the bought-ocorporate interest, consider the vote on last year's raccoding and bankruptcy bill. Mr. Lieberman voted for a culture cutting off debate and ensuring the bill's passage then he voted against the bill. I mean he was gesture and let him have it both ways. 13 other Democratic senators also voted for culture including Joe Biden who just announces candidacy for presidency. The first big test of the new Democratic populous will come over reformally 2003, prescription drug law. Democrats have pledged to repeal the clause in that law for any Medicare from negotiating lower drug prices. But the fine print of how they do that is crucial. Medicare reform could be a mere symbolic gesture or could be real reform that eliminates the huge implicit subsidies the program currently gives to drug and insurance companies. Are the newly-infigurated Democrats ready to offer real change in this country's direction? We'll know in a few months. Says Paul Krumman, like you said, well, you have some time. No, we wait. 1099, that's not your tax form. That's how many votes we got. Aren't you excited? Nope. Not even tax season. I'm not a senator. I'm tired of these pools, Manola. I just want to put them all ready. Good. Thanks to the article I read about the dog's bounty hunter. Just to give you a little clue what it might be. But don't think I'll go into it now. Don't go into what? Whatever it was. Don't go. Don't do the dog. Here comes the dog. 113 votes. What's your take on these pools? They're fine? 841-76.2%. That is shocking. Once a week is good, 1008. Once a week is good. How about for the poll? I hate this poll, 61. Get what I'm 47. Then they suck 46. Get right up on. Schmidt can dump them. Toss them. Stick them right at the moment. See, I like putting those negative things on it because there's so many of these people other than they, they, they, they, they, Jones for them and they're dying for it. They live for it. Worked for, and I go on with these five venting, you know? So it's put a little bit of it. It's actually nothing else. They're the poll may not give you any. We'll clue what's to anything. But at least it goes to sure that negativity is really a live on South Florida. Except, of course, about the fish. Oh my God, I think the real fish is one of the top. I can, I can just hear them. Oh my God, after it's something, after that, something against the bears. And then yesterday two in a row now. Well, maybe four sales traded was right. They're going to go to the Super Bowl. 10 and six, maybe you can smell it. The biggest thing, something that's gonna be the biggest, you rocker for 20.560. I like to relax by having very mackerel and massage my balls. I listen to the meteorologist while the one out moving a day. You can eat the parts that will get you the best of our own. They're going to get to town. Some men to toe and sleep the next for last. They peek into that at your nose and the bowl. And the bowl here to get the boat here to get a boat here to get a boat here to get a little wine. Well, keep your boat on your spine. These ends are all taste good. Keep real kind of present. Keep real kind of present. Don't forget anything. Don't forget anything. Travel the culture here up to tiny, hard-a-spin and peace. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. While he glaughter him from the helpful. Man above. Man above. Man above. Mr disbelief. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man below. Man above. Man above. Man above. Man above. It's the last 12-1 at 56-17-15. How come I can't find Superman on my head? 25th anniversary of TV classic themes. That would be really bad. I would be that. Maybe I got it. I know I got it here somewhere, played it a million times. Where does it? Well the reason I mentioned that is because the guess what was on on like a biography. What? No, that's sunshine Superman, but it's super bad. I'm not sure if I got it. Oh, how deep-pressing the sunshine came softly. Jesus. Anyway, so there was like a two-hour spiritual on the history of Superman. Which are just printed a bunch of stuff on, there's like 400 pages about which I finally stopped it. I can't stand it. Oh, I know. Highlight the highlight this. Where the hell is it, man? You've heard me play it 50 billion times. Sure. How did you do that? How did you do that? I'll find it. Kills some time here. I got it. Too many discs here. Too many discs and so on. No, we haven't done that a long time. Were the TV themes I love those? I love those, you know. The honest of course you're saying, oh, not that again. That's standing there. Oh, my God. Those themes are on the other side. Oh, my God. That's still going to speak, bullets. All powerful, all locomotives. They won't believe tall buildings at a single bound. Oh, I'm inspired. It's a fire. It's a change in Superman. Yes, it's Superman. Strange visitor for another planet who came to earth with powers and abilities. Bar beyond those of Aquaman. Superman. Who can change the course of my new rivers and steal his bare hands? And who disguised as clocktons? Mile-vetted reporter for a great month about the newspaper. Pipes are never ending battle but proof. Justice as the American way. The American way. The American way. The American way. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Hey, Jimmy Olsen. Anyway, well, that's pretty melodramatic. Jerry Seagull and Joe Schuster were the creators of Superman. And the movie, the thing I'm TV on Amy and the animal where it all was. Anyway, it was not talked about any hunter saw I watched it. They went through all of the various incarnations from the comic book days and then the first movie and all the other movies and super the return of Superman. You guys see that? I forgot to ask Superman returns. I saw it. And it's a suck. And of course the earlier one was Marlon Brando and Yadayani. And I'll let TV shows. And of course even Tom Welling. You know, it just was darling on me while I was playing that Tom Welling. You're the citizen where the Superman outfit. They don't want him to be super boy. So that's where the outfit, which I was thinking he would look good and there's really really tight red tights. Anyway, because the lives is, that's me. Joe Schuster. And Joe Schuster. They were both Jewish and they are both dead. Yes. Joe Schuster was born July 10, 1914 in Toronto. Form of Slater Jerry Seagull was born in Cleveland and as Jerome Seagull on October 17, 1914. Jerry grew up alive in Lovex Science fiction. Always knew he wanted to be a science fiction writer. If you were right in some of some stories to amazing stories and science wonders stories, the stories were rejected, but you didn't give up. If they would publish them, he'd publish them. Whatever that means. In 1929 Jerry would create a fan zine, whatever that means called Cosmic Stories, for his temperate and redicted stories. This is written so poorly, it's pathetic. Today Cosmic Stories is recognized as the very first science fiction fan zine as opposed to magazine like their common. Joe Schuster's family would move to Cleveland, Ohio when he was nine. He'd meet in Befriend Jerry Seagull around 31. Both of them would go to the Singlandville High School. They both had the same love of science fiction stories. Either as novels or comic strips. The intro had such strips as Old Me, Mozart, Zandflash, Gordon, C. Wood, A.J. Next, John Carter of Mars and the Shadow. The Shadow knows. How about you, Pern? I might have that. Lamont Cranston. They would also have a love of movies regardless if they were A or B class. It was shortly after the two men to begin working together, I'll bet. The two have produced another sci-fi fan zine called Science fiction. Joe Schuster was the art editor. Jerry was an editor too. They published science fiction, what a word. How does it get to Batman? Oh, Joe and Jerry, let's see. Jerry would read a book called Gladier to written my full of wily. This book had a character that had super strength was able to lead 40 feet and could let bullets bounce off his chest. This along with other fictional characters with inspiring new Superman, those other characters were Doc Savage, sometimes advertisers, Superman, Doc Savage, Perk, Elysian, Samson, Gladiator. Joe and Jerry first tried to sell the Superman in 1933. They created a few different comic strips for man, even a cartoon version. Once the Chicago publisher was interested in the character, but didn't follow through. Dummy. Joe was his heartbroken. Oh, with this in two up and burned all of his Superman out, we're drawing not devouring after to do it again until they had the time to be worked with character properly. The only original artwork left was the cover saved by Jerry Seagull. During the rejection periods, Joe had a work part time. John's doing deliveries for a grocery store, selling ice cream bars on the street carrying heavy boxes. I wonder if he sold Eskimo pies. I don't know what company thinking about that yesterday. I haven't had an Eskimo pie, and they still make them. As far as I know. I haven't seen any in any years. Here, it would have been had trouble sleeping once summer 1934. Once summer night by the damn leaders, you got that? By the week? The damn leaders. You ever see Dan Lear? As he tossed him to him because of the 80 kept thinking more and more about a new Superman character, he would wake up with little bits of ideas, and he would scribble down on paper each time. By the time morning arrived, Jerry had his character. He ran all 12 blocks to do a shoot, he's a permanent spying his neighbors in the Superman. He also became, he said, and the two of them would start to work on a costume design for the character. The new Superman would be one from a planned dying from old age. He was put into a rocket ship and sent away the earth for his continued survival. He would land on earth in a passing motorist who found the sleeping baby, put him into an orphanage, with a physical structure millions of years more advanced than her own. The attendance of the orphaned noticed the baby's great strength. When the baby grew up, he gave him Superman. He would also become Clark Kent, a shining turver, and man who was usually ignored by women. Jerry says he was telegraphing himself in a Clark Kent, like Clark, Jerry was shining to verde, who wore glasses, interested in writing science fiction. He admired women from afar, but in return they didn't even notice him. Jerry, Jerry also shared these traits, so the feelings were mutual. Jerry also decided to add an attractive guts he made in the important name, Lois Lane, she would add romance to the comic by falling low with Superman, but with Sturklar Kent not knowing they were the same. She was a little bit slow, and she had a shallow core. Then Jerry and Joe would work out a costume and appearance for Superman. Jerry was just putting an S in a triangle on Superman's chest. He would also suggest adding a kid to add a visual effect when Superman ran jumped and battled a bad guy. If you would come up with the rest of the costume and Superman's physical look. Lies! Once again the two would go out and try to sell Superman, but the new version got rejected again and again. One editor who rejected some of the singles earlier worked told him what you got to do, can't just come up with a comic strip that is absolutely sensational. Absolutely. Upon seeing four weeks of Superman's strips, the same editor shook his head and replied, the trouble with this kid is it's two sensational, nobody would believe it. I'm always supposed to believe comics, don't you feel like Mickey Mouse? Yeah, they have to make sense. And peanuts, dogs and mice that talk and things like that. The thing that makes the least sense, and I want to know which one of those guys thought about putting his underwear on the outside of his pants. Other editor seemed interested in Superman, but with Sturklar Kent Joe and Jerry's work, they have a word that they would go into a watered-down version of Superman. There were other times when Superman almost did get published, but for one reason or another didn't work out. But Joe and Jerry were, were they become kind of pros getting little things job as doing a bunch of comics for publisher, Major Malcolm Wheeler and Nicholson. The major was interested in publishing Superman, but Joe and Jerry turned out as offer because they thought Superman should be in a better company. Once while newspaper wanted Jerry to do with the release of your lectures Superman, but both Joe and Jerry turned his down, and what about Johnny and Joe, over to Mountain and I know you got that. Over to Mountain, that's good song. But both Joe and Jerry turned his down as well because they felt written stories from the Holy Ghost of the excitement that Superman was supposed to bring. The Mountain, a totally comic book style story would be best for Superman. During these years, Joe and Jerry did work with comics such as new funds, spy, slam Bradley, and we do volunteer squad and federalmen. And new fund number six to do would create Dr. Rukh, who was the magician with a gravity rod, because our engineers thought, thank you. I guess most of us have a gravity rod. Yeah, we're starting down. Dr. Rukh, first appeared in 1935, new fund number six in his goes on. Tip top comics wanted to try Superman that were turned into a newspaper by United Features Syndicate, and they felt readers would soon be bored as Superman. Some newspaper under his did try to help Joe and Jerry by spreading around their Superman work. Make not syndicate was one of them, and because MC games was needed more comics to produce, they sent Superman to him. Max scenes didn't like Superman, but his editor, Sheldon Mayor, did. Sheldon, try to get Superman published in his popular comics magazine, but Max wouldn't agree with it. Despite that his boss had negative opinion, Sheldon Mayor still likes Superman wouldn't give up on him. In fact, he's still giving Superman stories back to Jerry and Joe so he convinced somebody else to publish. And then it goes on and on. And DC, it was trying to start up an action-futty's comic, didn't have enough stories to the comic. As agreed, Max scenes were looking around for something for them to use, and that's when Sheldon stepped up and said, well, there's always Superman. Max replied, it was better than nothing and said it over. Max got Jerry's okay to send Superman over, and other stories to DC for a possible publishing. DC's editor, Vince Sullivan, told Jerry, they were picking Superman over with the girls. DC comics. They asked the duo to rewrite some of the story, gave them a truly simple, a 13-page story. It was published in May 38 with a June covered-aid in action-commer's number one. For their work, Joe and Jerry received $130 check. Wow. Which was for their first issue and the rights to the character. Good deal, guys. Wow. But the good news is, by 1941, they were paid $75,000 each for their work on Superman. But when they sold the DC, the Superman's during the eight, they also sold the DC, the copyright to the character. This was normal business practice for those times. By 46, they were getting paid close to 100,000 year, but they saw DC make millions of the Superman character. In 1946, they hired a turning-out-bridge zugsmith to take DC to court for the rights to Superman and Superboy. They spent all their money through legal fees by 48, and finally said a lot of court-free, a party, 200 grand. How do you like that? Not pathetic? Yeah. Another book did. Say, rich is to rye story, if you ask me. A rye is to rye story. A lot of other twice em votes on the pool. There's your president. And what's interesting is, yeah, what's interesting is he's still there. So what do you think is Superman? What do you thought, send a zirt? So I saw that again last night, it was on the subject. I just said that to you, when I said, how do you feel about the zirt? 10. That was made in Canada, by the way. Well, not it. Well, kind of figure. But well, you know, her boyfriend was kind of a wizzy, wizzy, all kind of guy, you know. And there were chopping a lot of wood. It's a lot of wood. Not more. Anyway, it's actually good movie. If you have a weekend in your board to death, it's, you know, George did Josh yet. Pidden? No. About the mannequin. It'll take a second. I'll bring it to you. Yeah, it's nice. It's not that long. When we're east, not that slow. We're coming to the left. We'll something in. We won't. We'll try to come by. You know, we'd buy some of the doors. Yeah. 1132 votes on that pool. No, please name. So best tell us what you mean. You're a rocker. It's a sports radio. 50. You're a TV. You're a god. You're an old thing for FDD. Hi, Bob. Hi, Merlin. You feeling alright? You're covered with running sword. I think I'm going blind too. Sounds like syphilis Merlin. Good being. Somebody just sent me this lovely SDD. Pick it up. Who can? The SDD. Pick it up. Okay. That's right, Bob. A selection of feed treatises each containing a virulent and highly contagious sexually transmitted disease. Who would send you something like that? Oh, X, Y, it's Grinnell, girlfriend. Good be any number of people. You know, I played pro ball for a number of years and there's a lot of casual sex of the road. Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere is thinking about it. Yeah. Spread the joy. And the germs with an FDD pick it up. Okay. SDD. It's the next best thing to be in there. Doing it. Do this. High pass. No. No. It's five and six to nobody. Do a mad dog coming up with two to seven. And I'm sure that's a dolphins man. Oh, rock back on track. They're kicking ass. Like roses like lilacs. Oh, so speaking of, well, see the thing that really bothers me about. And, you know, coming funny dirty and all, which I'm both. But it's disturbing to me that, you know, if there's a character of this story, like Batman, for example, you know, is Batman and Robert. It's not just Batman without Robin. And it's not Batman with all these different. And like the Batman movies have been very untrue to the story. They're all stuffed. Yeah, they snarrow you. I'm shocked. I'm Batman and Robin TV show is great. For a comedy, yeah. I mean, the comic book wasn't supposed to be comedy either, but I like TV show too. What are you trying to say? The TV show was a comedy. I understand that. It was camp. Right. On paray. Well done. Camp. But the comic book was, you know, wasn't supposed to be funny. But it was. Okay. And anyway, police dressed up as Batman and Robin and kids.cling. Well came for economics, whether it's Superman, or whether it's Batman, whatever it is. It's garbage, you know, all the converting of Egypt, it would be like the godfather with P.E. Herman, you know, just in making his earth. Yeah. The dynamic duo, Sergeant Tony Smith and PC Michael, meant to hold on the superhero office in a bid to unsevalous suspected baddies. How do you spell that? They pretended to be drugs looking for a fancy dress party and not on the door of the suspect's home. All those brits. What do I tell about them brits? Those inside refused to answer the door to the loud, commonly dressed visitors, which would drop the offices wanted. What if two guys dressed up as Batman, a robin, came knocking on your door? Batman, a robin, then went around the back of the property and weymouth door said, well, seven uniform offices went to the front door. Those inside the house were pleased to see the policeman and complained to them about the fancy dress trunks. They then have had the officers in. All the fancy dress drunks, not trunks. However, one of them had inside the house ran out of the back door on seeing the policeman. To where the superheroes were waiting for him. Right, and they're waiting arms. Batman, Sergeant Smith gave chase. Dr. Were friends. And the foul foul whack. It says arrested him. And I could hear how he's killed. PC Kevin E.N. said the people opened the door immediately and said that they've been alarmed by some drug and people in fancy dress in their garden. So the rules were successful and we were led in. Sergeant Smith, at the last year police officer, dressed up as Carol singers, which also worked out well. This is my first costume acting experience, he said, the Batman costume was quite comfortable and not too restricting. I still wanted to jump over the fence. But it was difficult finding somewhere to put my CS spray. There was nowhere for the handcuffs, but then Batman does need handcuffs. The CS spray. PC Holmes said the bad thing about the operation that we had when door hours of terrible puns from PC Holman. A man aged 22 has been arrested charged with a drug offense. He's built it up here before we met magistrates. There was no charges against two other men found of property, thanks God. Now great. Maybe that's the best man in Sylvia's. But dressing up as Batman or Robin really can't. And really, yeah, all of that guaranteed. 152 votes on a poll. What's your take on these Sylvia's polls? We take on a sure video on our website, TheORRGERS.com And 76.2% in 1981 say, they're fine. We're fine. I'm not going to pass you around with it. And I'm days when I can't come up with a good idea of this, you do it. Oh yeah. I'll have a great idea. And you make believe some of the glorious nation of Kazakhstan, continues to rule the American box office. Josh thought this weekend, said it was hysterical. It was great. Fabulous. The five-short-burned tones go at cultural meanings of learning for America of make-cleanford-Goracination Kazakhstan. Took in 29 million dollars to make the number one movie for the second straight weekend. The distributor, 20th century Fox, obviously. The more at raised it, it's 10 day total of 67.8 million. The top team who is remained unchanged from life to weekend would disney the Santa Claus III, the escape clause in second place with 16.9 million. And the Permont Dreamworx animated tail flushed away in third with 16.7 million. By the way, Dreamworx, they have made a match point, which are saw this weekend, so it was great. He said it was great. Did you bring it in for Josh? I did. Did you? It's time. You're holding it. Well, hold it right here. It's a movie too. Uh-huh. So many as well, Ferrell Comedy Stranger and Fiction Day but you as the best of the weekend's newcomers, all placing forth with 14-point-1 million. Ferrell plays a big tax under, suddenly able to hear the voice of a narrator, Ember Thompson, chronicling his life and impending death. While 20th century Fash could throw my borat, this studio's Russell Crowe Ridley Scott, were you in a good year of flat coming at number 10 with a mirror, a 3-point-8 million. How do you like that? They're flopped and good evening. No. So why don't I get my copy of borat, the Kazakhstan, if you're known with a rubber hose? Let me get in there. This one's actually worth waiting for. Comes on DVD as opposed to getting a cloudy, dark, shot in a theater, pirated version. Oh, that do you never go to the movies, is that it? The last movie I saw on a theater was Ferrell Night 9-11. Okay. Okay. This one's worth going to. That's the long time ago. This was worth walking to the theater and watching it with people laughing all around. We'll do it. All right. I mean, when you got your Samsung 40, oh, yeah, that's the end of the day. You know, in fact, maybe it'll be out on HD when it comes out on DVD. Now, let me just ask you this question. I'm sure neither one of you knows the answer. I'll make one up. Our Josh has got that HD set and still has that HD set. So, you can see the volume on which I can't tell you the way it is. The HD is making. Well, that's where I get my bonus. When I get my bonus. Oh, I'm holding my breath. But anyway, because I'm really thinking about getting that to DVD player all the way. There's the dilemma again just like there was a ZHS. It's going to be the beta. It's going to be a lot of blue ray lately. Yeah. Blue ray. Hmm. I don't know what that's going to be. The one that's going to be racing is how much material is on and other. And other, in other words, are all the new flicks that are being coming out in the DVD or the come out on HD? We would think wouldn't you? There's not much of a difference though. Like watching like TV high-dath is different. They're watching a movie high-dath. Yes. Because I've seen, you know, the HBO high-dath or whatever the movies that have come and they look the same to me. And. Like I said, I think I'll save the money. Okay. Why don't I want to do that just because I have another big day would run on Saturday. Can I? Can I write and I give you a thumbnail, sketch. I don't want to go into detail. Okay. Good day. But by start there, I've ever seen. I get to early in the morning, like about 80 when there's nobody there. And they're all pretty much open. You know, so I can go to my machine, way down in the end. They're usually playing these way. If you have good luck with, or sometimes really bad luck, whatever. And I sat down and gave it a try. I mean, I think was quarter that I'm macro. I thought, and I won one spin for 30 bucks to pink 30, which means the kids are dead. If you get to pink 30, run away folks. I'm real fortunate. So I got off of it. And I'm trying other machines and the guy comes along. I know this story. He gets, you know, all kinds of spins and he gets 2,000 bucks online. I'm thinking, ah, I better go home and sort of be it. When that happens to him, happens to all of us. It's going to be a bad day. So I'm playing down to another machine down away. And then trying these, a young girl who always is there. She came up and said, well, you picked the right machine today. This one was paying all day yesterday. They want to happen to be on, you know. And I'll play for another two, three minutes. And about a being. Oh, there's 3000 online. Was that nice? That was nice. I just missed it and then passing. So I could afford to go out and get that. Yeah, I can. But I'm not going to do it. I'm going to save the money and save your soul. Don't waste your money out there. I'm going to pay for this. You're going to pay for this. You're going to pay for your five sixty. You pay. I'm just going to get a break of your hope. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little bit hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or tell a band on the road Tell a band on the road There's a point that for the dear baby just will He can't just come close down In the town you're searching for the victory Where the fuck would he need his help Tell a band on the road Tell a band on the road There's a point that for the dear baby just will He can't just come close down Tell a band on the road Tell a band on the road Tell a band on the road And with John W. I got a story about an surgeon I could be Rising all the dead people but first I just found this What? US radio company may sell for $18 billion Wow, I got it Not easily broadcasting either No, we're not with that That was so far $18 No Two conservatives of private equity firms were expected This would be a good idea I don't think that's right Contorting two-contorted private equity firms Expect that this would be a final auction But today for the largest radio company in the US clear channel Communications Chief Channel worth about $18 billion Was a great people involved in the auction Videos were making less than adjustments That are offers last night these people be same after the deadline was moved From Friday to noon today Oh, like half an hour ago Offers were expected from a group that includes Providence equity partners the Blackstone group and Clubberg-Cravus Roberts and another that includes Vane capital, Thomas H. Lee partners and the Texas Pacific group Other private equity suitors including Apollo Corps group and the Carlisle group And Sir Barris capital management No, Kilt capital partners are expressed interest in making this But since cool to the auction the Carlisle group The Providence Blackstone KKR group had a rich and Interpretentious and respected window contest having How the discussion with clear channel much earlier than the others But the rival offers it expected to be competitive And they're going to be very aggressive that we say This is our expected limit 30's per share people brief on both good said And last few weeks clear channel shares of jump and anticipation of a deal Clear channel shares closed on Friday at 3497 It's unclear how much of a premium bidders will pay to that Yari Yariya Onel like that, two channels going to be sold Maybe the first thing they'll do is they'll fire feed Bolder when they come in The assassin People will help destroy this one-squared industry man This one-grade business just like I told you Did I tell them on that Yeah Ignorment is day, 1180 posts on the poll by the way We got 13 and we're looking today Not that that's such a big deal But you know, it's not bad And especially a poll on the polls what's the big Simis with that right? That's what they're all playing about What's the big Simis with this? And Surgeon activity in Afghanistan is risen four full this year in militants That'll launch more than 600 tax a month a rising wave of violence As resulted in 3700 deaths in 2006 a bleak new report be seen Afghanistan's up on 130 in Surgeon attacks a month last year Said to report by the Joint Coordination Monitoring Board which Consistive representatives from Afghanistan and the international community including the UN The new reports that insurgents were launched in more than 600 tax a month As of the end of September up from 300 a month in the March this year the violence is killed more than 3700 people this year said but who's coming? Let's go The topic battery is the power The power Now they did make one the Batman or Robin movie way way back when when the TV out it was possibly the worst of all of the movies too Yes, I'm certainly the C.A.A. Really poorly done. All of they didn't have all the people in her Burgess murder was in it in Vincent Price and Who yeah, oh, no, you're talking about the original movie. Yeah The one that was made is Cartel. Yeah, that was all right. It was a very happy everything We're gonna break the word you know the ridler maybe Merleon to Carlo wait she was in the monsters if on Craig If on Craig was who back girl. That's what that was Lee Merleon To cat woman was Lee Merleon. Oh, like I said Frank Gorson Ridler Caesar Romero Joker Julia Caesar Pepper Tony Blair who nearly the fact defeated a recent parliamentary attempt to come in currently record is facing a new threat from Martin and where Victoria's Democrats are expected to call British witnesses as they launched congressional Those days to the war Tony Blair Remember they sext up the Intelligence Now we're the majority party we can all hear instead of seeing you remember they staff at John Coniors who in January will become sure the house is issued a committee We can hold any number of hearings like maybe any number But third man or the week Democratic senators are also expected to see hearings aimed at touring Latin how down in Street and the White House Coordinated efforts to claim that some of the same possess those weapons of mass destruction All the claims led the war from allegations that some of us reconstituting a nuclear weapons program to his alleged links without Coddick would come out of his amination unlike their counterparts in Britain congressional communities have the crucial power to subpoena witnesses and documents unlike those silly as brits Or busy addressing of his comic book characters Mr. Coniors stand her long been investigating how false information was presented by the Bush administration to persuade the public of the Significant growing threat allegedly posed by Sodom Got him Sodom they got him Their inquiries were partly triggered by the leaking of the downing street memos which revealed they believed that the British government The distribution of the satin on wars early is the spring of 2002 Well Mr. Coniors published his findings like here we said we found their substantial evidence to present device president Other high-ranking members of the Bush administration mistlete Congress any American people regarding this decision to go to war in Iraq Misted in the minute manipulated intelligence information regarding the justification for such war Countments torture and cool in human degrading treatment and Iraq and permitted inappropriate were like we tell you begins quick to their administration He called for Bush's censure some new Democrats now decided not to pursue but any fresh investigation He was in subpoena powers a sure to put further pressure on the US and British governments good Accelente What just came over the fast machine look at this look at the tiny pronoun You know it's funny because I just I had this to write my pile and I should make candid oh oh For I start Sasha Buron told has been punched by a man who didn't like his jokes And we're I said the close Come across the past or by any or street and say any solidest cousin alter ego. I like your clothings are nice Please know I want to have sex with it But the target of his job field is to see the funny side punch call repeatedly in the face accordingly The trip of the sun Conan been on his way to a bar with British actor he will worry after the pair pair on US TV show set in our life a friend said Sasha couldn't resist playing the fool Is warhead but picked on the wrong person I guess this guy thought he was being attacked by someone stable individual and lifestyle Sasha's very lucky to get a much worse beating Call the set to be shaken up and we see many lasting scars This isn't the first time I'm hurt to get to Borajoke Can imagine two US students who appeared in the bride movie are suing cone cleaning their subredmedaline Which after they were filmmaking roses and such as the march we had that sir and Friday and there's another story to somebody else So I What a hell of a sit. It's in my powder somewhere maybe it didn't even I'm sure I put it on our website. Did I Josh? Yes, you did well you you were telling that they want about the village. Yeah, how about the kids? Yeah, well, no, that was earlier Well, the villages suit them too, but I'm not I'm not wasting my time without them to show you know it's fine for our website But out on this high page show did I'm saying? I know you're saying I'm sure that the movie is very funny And I know take both your words is really hysterical and as soon as this is available on DVD I'll get you know steel a copy I'll take your word for it Haven't even watched American dad yet. I better do that to Zilib. I know I'll still a copy for you But I'm gonna wait for it to come out on DVD to steal a big copy. What? Boraj? Boraj? Yeah, I don't need you to steal the copy. I told you I had a big day of woodwind Saturday I ordered but it won't be up for a while 1191 votes on the pool the only one that's important on here. What's your take on these bulls? They're fine 9008 they suck only 49 and get rid of them only 49 and I think those people voted twice 145 Holy Macaron. This is Dio Boe on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I'm Florida Congressman Mark Foley. If you're a young man between the ages of 15 and 18 I'd like to talk to you about folies friends congressional outreach program Foley's friends is a program that gives teenage boys a hands on a approach to learning about government They'll learn the nuts and the bolts of working intimately with a congressman staff Follow by a thorough debriefing Successful candidates will learn about politics like running a campaign that's down in the polls Imagine the thrill of bringing that pole back up again So apply today and using one hand. I'll email you all the details Foley's friends congressional youth outreach program. I promise to leave no teenagers behind Oh Oh Well, if anyone put around make it the whole show would have been a lot these year. You know a lot less disturbing 447 either much flip or course I did everybody watch flip especially when I lived down here I mean this was near and dear to our hearts It was sure I'll tell you what things Sandy was near and dear to my heart, but then again A battle is shaping up between Democrats in the White House over the military commissions that excited the law last month My president George W. Bush Senator Patrick Lehi of Ramon is perfect take over a sermon of the Senate in this year a committee and the California Daily Journal reports The lady is drafting a bill of undue portions of the new law in an effort to restore habeas corpus rights randomly combatants thanks God A spokesman for Lehi told the newspaper to bill will be intended to repeal portions of the law that prevent some detimies from pursuing federal court challenges to the government's authority to hold him indefinitely I've infinite spokeswoman Terry Schmeler told the newspaper the goal is to try to do something to reverse the damage Scott Silliman director of the U.S. that silly man director of the Center for Life there's an actual security adooking University School of Law told the newspaper an attempt to amend the law could set up a partisan showdown in Congress and possibly a presidential veto Civilized attorneys filed a constitutional challenge to the act after Bush sided October 17 Scott Silliman What's your name silly man Hmm Stop over ten votes speaking of Silliman. There's a gentleman came with a big cheat Side Democratic Wisconsin Senator Russ Fyngold says the run for the White House is not in his case. Yeah Russ ain't running okay No Jewish prison all I think Elliott Spitz is gonna run. I still think Barack Obama's got it. Does need Jewish? Sure whatever you say a small single engine plane made a skinny crash landing underwood driveway southeast of Lentaine Air Fort and Palm Beach County this morning The crash knocked out electricity in the area to the plane keeps Clipped several power lines and uprooted a pool Thank God it was an awful No one was injured in the oven 15th in emergency landing, but it's like an hour and a half ago on the 6200 block of pine drive near Lentaine road circle place and Lake Osborne Channel five reports the pilot skid ballooning minor injuries and then he was doing a person on board The plane with its wing is shredded almost completely sure it all came to rest against the car and nearly missed a nearby house Channel five said probably the plane was attending to make an emergency landing on a patch of grass the mist land he's body was aiming for the grass But he's here disaster crashes under investigation. I like that Oh there's a McCock was done there that was right. There's still very suspicious of him But Comic-kin and they well ought to be man phoneers and a $47 bill It's not that I hope he's the man. I hope he's the guy sure remember the way he coesied up to Bush and it was like they always said about him He never met a worried in like right Tony volnny baby airzats and especially with a puffed up chief medicine really, but I think it's growing now I think the chief is like growing. I mean like Hank's poop a good growing From 150 votes on the pool for the pool watchers you think there may be a few people out there hate our pools like crazy But you know what the votes are growing like like that thing on the kids cheek But there's good rounding from Massachusetts. He's got two chances nonetheless done on US representative Jim Gibbons Republican of Nevada was elected governor and the battle last week Despite the allegations of late night curousing and sexual assault involving their talk to the wait Chris three decades is junior a New round of subpoenas and just police maybe looking at whether of certain justice occurred in the case Local law enforcement investing in the allegations made by Chrissy Mazeio and subpoena the phone records of all those in the given's party on that faithful Friday the 13th of October man Friday the 13th according to the biggest son They say Metro police is a peanut telephone records of Republican governor like Jim Gibbons political strategy Is sig rojic and other witnesses in the investigation into allegations that Given the salt of the woman and tried to force himself on her sexually Pullman's cell phone records of everyone who was drinking with Gibbons and co-jick and the quenches mixed Restaurant before the October 13th legislator salt on Christmas here among the records of peanut sources coasts investigation told us on It's not clear whether the flood records were subpoena this part of the investigation was a underlying the salt claim or her later claim that she was Perfected in the keeping silent about the incident. You better stay mom mom Another possibility of interest for law enforcement is the security video from the parking garage or the incidents alleged to have happened Which went missing for several days before being turned over to police Police find other round of witness interviews including the governor like himself I knew like that wouldn't have be better to go to terms that's a prevert Like in California, he's more popular than ever now The group a leader. What's up with that? Oh, what do you mean what's up with that? They like him and Hollywood baby they like him I eat grapes. I'm a great eater. That's what they like about him. He's one of their people They gravitate whether it's Ronnie Ray gun whether was a George Murphy 100 years ago in the Senate they gravitate toward their own people You know when I really hate and I just noticed that I did this what? When you print something out and know you get these pop-up thing take a survey or it was like a quick ad on it And and you don't even realize it's in there and you're printing it and that shows up on the print job. No No, what no, it doesn't for some of us that know how to print web content We just lost them one of these days I'll get it back I'll print it again. How's that? And it's very important because of a two-end e-griiffence to meet in court Then important oh no Andy Okay, I keep thinking he's dead. I don't know why maybe switchful so you can see how I think it is Well, I don't want to see I don't want to see that Any grip of it and it's on dot com. I don't want to see that That's nothing I hate when you do my hours books. I don't want to buy his books. You see is already face or Talk to Jebadaa Like I said it's not important to write Yeah, they don't care about it anyway. Do you think about it? No, I saw it anyway Did you really over the weekend well, I'll be damned The death bread came on simple white flyers blowing down the streets at dawn a group calling itself friends of my Hamid accused the local Palestinian Christian and selling mobile phones carrying offensive sketches of the Muslim prophet The message went on to curse all Arab Christians and Pope Pope Orazi the Nazi still struggling to come Muslim out of Rachel Mr. Marks on Islam And as a picture of me here, he looked into good while neighbors defended the merchants saying with charges in the flyer We're bogus the frightened phonyler went into a hiding fleeing feeling less than satisfied with the 30s conclusion that the October 19th was probably just a harmless rant harmless rant now the dealer is thinking of going abroad Colored part of a modern exodus this steadified of the tiny Palestinian Christian minority that could lead some predicted the faith being virtually Extinct in its birthplace within several generations a trend murdered in many dwindling pockets of Christianity across the Islamic world When in doubt root the goi amount This is one of the major themes the Pope is expected to carry the turkey for a four day visit beginning of February 20th It's first people visited to a predominantly Muslim nation the Vatican called it reciprocity Muslim demands for greater sensitivity from the West must be accompanied by stronger protections in rights for Christian minorities They be sent in some places such as Pakistan It means more safe guards from extremist attacks. Oh, those are extremists in Pakistan are that that I've seen In Indonesia and elsewhere touches on appeals to quote growing sectarian classes Here we go again just like Elton John said get rid of religion get rid of it And turkey Iraq had the rest of the Middle East and seek to preserve communities dating back to the time when Jesus and his apostles preached But nearly everywhere. Oh, you know what I love on the biography channel. They'll turn on the see what they're doing and Jesus Christ is on there. You know Jesus like Jesus how how do you do the biography of Jesus? How about his next or neighbors? Slimmy gold far that lives like two tenths down. Yeah, we got a lot of info from slimy. Oh my god But nearly everywhere in Muslim lands Christian populations are in decline No places more striking than the holy land For decades it was mostly economic pressures pushing Palestinian Christians to immigrant using family ties in the West are contrasted to missionary schools The Palestinian uprising and the separation barrier stutter by Israel in 2002 accelerated the departures by turning once bustling pilgrimage Such as Bethlehem and relative ghost house A little town of Bethlehem. Can you hear it? Are we seeing it an hour one? Oh, you are oh, yeah, there's the three wise men The three wise men all these other bubble mice these all these furry tales away and a manger with your feet And it won't be very long now some of Thanksgiving and of course you're ever starting to see the Christmas decorations And they're talking about all the scars that's just Walmart a lot of other stories They brought Christmas back and it was that William Donney you on over the weekend when they think thanks Yeah, we're starting to make some progress and the homeless voice bummed they're wearing their Christmas cure already Really? Oh, yeah, I'll tell you what if they get my way No, they'll only do it once The biggest thing so the best challenge to the business You're rocker sports video 560 We got a shot around and when I'm up and about to take a slap in all women with paint and lips around the pole I listen to the new Rogers one to two Yeah, I mean I listen to the new Rogers Aaron balance when it's two hours more Oh No I Really 11 when he must have been gone all above spend all day Take your call and shove it back home I'm not a word you can't know about But you're all right And we're in the same boat as everybody else is gone I'm just a part of what people have heard the name of it is a little hard Take your call and shove it I worship it in my home Take your call and shove it I worship it in my home So since he oppressed and played Ursula in pin And she was on for three years on general hospital I didn't know what to show One general hospital Need to do one, look at Nora Oh, Pukula, yeah there was a real sex plant What we know that Jack Pellan started over the weekend We knew it had Bradley down on Friday or was it Thursday? Thursday, Thursday, okay But there's somebody else that we didn't know who died Over the weekend? Who's that? One of the four cops? No? Zero, the heard Oh No, no No, no, no, no No, no, no, no No, no, no No, no, no, no No, no, no No, no, no That's from as you know the movie standing in the show is the more time And he was the one who sang that in the movie How do I remember that hurt? And I'm so pervert Anyway, I did find that story And spread of all your shenanigans And on your castigations, what are these days? I think for an old fart like me, I do pretty well with this thing And I think he's well with all this stuff that I've pumped out When I got to use it, you know, white people email One more little step and you'll be up to date White people email, huh? Sound like I'm kind of a racial, a racially, a charger mark to me Maybe Andy Griffith, he was white, he was about as white as he gets He was a gay than you and his hair Andy Griffith who played Matt Lock and sure of Andy Taylor Has suited Wisconsin man also named Andy Griffith according to AP The second Andy was born William Harold Fenrick And changed his name to game publishing in the campaign for Sheriff And Wisconsin's Grand County Griffith's Lawson accused Ben Ray, Emma Griffith A violating trademark in Capri Ray, law says, well as the famous Griffith's privacy Even worse it says, the newer Andy ran third in the election Any bets at his campaign manager was named Barnee 5, Puffa, Puffa, Puffa, Puffa Oh, yeah, he is Yeah So anyway, a jail refer to his name It's a game So like I said, after you watched Penn this weekend That would be for you standing in the shadows the most time And you'll think as profusely if there's anybody out there still hasn't seen that I can't even begin to imagine that, you know Even Josh like when he's just a punk And you have to like music Yeah You know we're fighting like music You know we're fighting like music You know we're like, who they don't like air They don't like the water like us, they don't like the pool They don't like they don't like some stuff like light They don't like the greeners Right, you're a just Reverend Sonny Al Moon I can understand that It's all 40 on the dial Over to GVH and even New York Okay, we got 1240 votes I said we'd make 13 to 9, 13 Harris and I's number Yeah Penn asked Governor J. Bush said for either he Unusually high number of voters who didn't choose any candidate And the congressional race in service So the county was investigating And said the state has the law in place to do it right Also good thing they got the law in place now And like in 2000 when they just can get it all straight now Except you know one for Gordon three for Bush This is obviously something we need to look into And very quickly Bush said The state elections officials prepared to oversteem Extracted recap this week in the 13th history phrase Between Republican and Bernie Buchanan And Democrat Christine Jennings Jennings was behind the initial count by 273 votes And pressing for answers about why more than more More than 18,000 voters didn't register any selection of the race But didn't make choices in the other contest That rate was much higher than what the district said The county's registered in the same congressional race State election officials quite an auto These Sarah Silver County's election system after the week count Which is going to happen this week The county uses touchscreen machines which are meant to avoid Some of the problems for us on 2000 Bush said there were clearly questions about the vote But said the state system is a group to handle those questions Right we have a long place to do it right he said during the stop and Braidendon good place for him by the way In 2000 when we come to a place of canvassing board and all this flexibility Now the laws the law and that takes away much of the mystery he said The problem is how they're significant under votes like that And maybe that's a similar to voters wish but if there's evidence to suggest otherwise The move on and he said it'll have a still do a ball movement on it That's what your Fed asked governor said And with an ass that size it ought to be quite a hefty movement man It ought to be a very substantial movement What up pizza and it just kills me I just don't understand what it is about him that people like Can you explain it to me? You mean that 31 percent? No I'm talking about your Fed asked governor now Oh that was that Bush And make him they're always saying oh the wildly popular jabble Well and of course not even touting him to run in 2008 the Yavians like him because he's a Yahu And the Spitz like him because he peaky Bonnie Oh I see is that it Yeah and the drug people like him because he's daughter no way I was a crackhead. Yeah rips snorting a crackhead Wow and the smuggler is like him because his wife's a smuggler Right Columbah Christopher Columbah we didn't we just have Columbah did not have a long ago Or chairman played this in a long time And long time Yeah no I mean this Columbah I got up that name I thought you'd like to be sure my me away I thought you'd like to throw the steps of bubbles and juice And you in the sense that you think that's the thing I said I'd marry my two spuggles And they would expect me to buy But I did not get a trouble I said this is a good night If I'm just a beauty, I can't wait to live up my life with special favour After all my husband's brother Will soon be your dictator I'd like to live in a big night, even just wanting more To help each other be happy when you Will soon be your dictator Oh, bro When we said that I had to marry Oh, we got your money from the daddy Oh, man, it's nice that my little brother Oh, we didn't get to that crappy Oh, buddy, the power has been added So, for they are the lay That is a presidential song Who doesn't have to run No one else is going away Anybody as well just who write it Take her She called She called He had to go to school He was born with others as So look out on you Jews Oh, if any for the dad's given Now that's the old lady If our children write the way of being Oh, buddy, the time of having had the daddy Oh, buddy, the daddy Well, buddy, the daddy Well, buddy, the daddy Well, buddy, the dude Well, buddy, the dude Who never created the dude I think they were all these girls She called She called She called She called Any fuck who is with that grey Against buddy Which came like do you think they call it Gilbert, the Tory all anyway Isn't coming back with daddy Oh, Billy, did take a cat piece Oh, daddy, did take a cat piece No, buddy, the way Come on, let's do that Come on, let's do that Come on, let's go Come on, let's go Come on, let's do Costa Matthewville, Duncan, come on Can you come on o'a hope and call They take you like the moon What a beautiful thread And just happen there, with just a minute, just tell me your words on the ground, from the down, down, and to you. Come on, girl, we got one week, we got one week, we got one week. Anyway, like I said, he's dead. I'm going to the front to story. Our NBC star, Gerald Iverdesdata is home and Cleveland. He was 40. All of us at Atlantic are shocked and deeply sinned by his untamed death. He was one of the greatest forces of our time, who sang with unmatched soulfulness and power, as well as a tremendously gifted composer and the countless producer, stemming from his record like a land worker's be-sand. No further details were given how he died. He first achieved fame in 1986 as a member of the R&B T.O. Loverd, which also included his brother Sean and friend Mark Gordon. He died in Cleveland, he was 40. Okay. And somewhere out there, in Cleveland, Ohio, somebody knows the trouble we seen. He leaves behind four children, but he's dead. Okay. Everything we need to find a little bit more than that. Sure. Somebody knows who's responsible for this. Somebody knows who's responsible for this year. No, who knows. But somebody was no football player, so he's probably not finding nobody cares. I just, that whole thing leaves me just, I can't even describe it, I can't put it in the words. Lymph of the name comes close to it. Just the almost speechless, shocked, shocked. Right away, the hurricane's lost again, 14 to 13 to go over Virginia. Nice comeback there at the end. Look at her. We're going to pull the apple. To Merrill, we'll just use me. They'll write lost over Virginia. But they lose two Virginia. I think. Now, let me see. They got any more games that could lose this season. How many more games they got? Can't have that many. Boston College. Oh, they're going to lose that game. The意思 is that it kicks in serious non-calfa gas. You mark my words. The Pope's got the, the fixer, Watson on that game. 249 votes on the pole. We got 13 ever. Look today, everything is sweet. It's somebody that would say sweet. Really? I was thinking also when I was taking a shower this morning, but when they put stern on the area. Yeah. And luckily, I'm in the shower, so nobody can even buy alex. Start screaming. Not screaming real loud, but just like, you know, lording out. You idiots. I was, yeah, yeah. Can I drive? But one thing about these people, no, no, no, I will say this for Joe Bell. You had lunch with him and you told him about that one. That's my only, the only thing. I got nothing else on my foot. And I told him that. I said, that's the only thing that's really grinding our greatest act of sales department sucks. They don't give us any copy. But I told him that he didn't wear a naked dog. He didn't wear a naked dog. He's not going to wave a magic wand and say, hey, guess what? I'll send the sales department his component. I told him you said, my stomach. How long has he had about that? Yeah, that's what I said. Ordered you tell him. Yes. See. But in any way, so we got that all straightened out, which is good. See, that's the sign that here's a guy that the response and a positive fashion in a proactive way, whatever it is. That means that everybody says it more proactively, you know, sticking our nose up your ass and that for acne. Right. Squeeze it. But eventually time before we had a guy that was on the course, the joy-spactor too, don't forget. She was also involved. Her mother was the citizen. And she walks his away sky for you, you know. Please, he's sticking his to all of our craft. Speaking on safety let yourself do this soים, in terms of Law and water job in visual action. Show your such a simple vibe, 60. Let it go, you guys. Do your all, John. Come on. How did it? I've seen it all in the film. And I don't even know who this was. We, who had it all been on. There does now his causes dead, up all it in the head. What happened? We don't know. Now something is he so, body won't tell. So we'll ask for a ride. What did you do? A ride? What did you do? Same, it's not so long. He was standing on this whole salon And he was crying. Crying. Crying. Crying, it's not too long. In this hand, it wasn't as good. With some shots lying. And I don't know why. Your age and two. Plains of cops are born so true. I want to know some more. So tell me what's the score. Ryan, what did you do? Who asked about? He told me, I just need you, You're alive. What did you do? Who? What did you do? Yes, now he's gone. And from this moment We're asking Ryan. Ryan. Ryan. Ryan. Go, go. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Go. Go. Go. One nineteen. I thought that that other thing was pretty super. I thought we could be like a liquor in the smear. The R&B singer, Songwriter, producer, and that of a heart attack around 234 AFNO. The girl of her was the son of any libert of the sole group of the OJs. Did you know that? I do know. He just finished up a tour in Africa. And you know the good people are the fat people in the fat people are the dead people. Right. Gerald's former publicist, Lisa Jefferson, said he was incredibly close to his father. They performed together and recorded together. The Jefferson said, Gerald is a mini-ediverd. He sounded just like he's dead. It's a horrible law, she said. It's ghostly and put the over the birth sentence. He expected to have a statement. Sometimes, sometimes, we're still alive. Gerald, a birth set of a heart attack. He was big and fatty at a great voice. It was only 40 years old. All you fat people out there put down the fork in the food and the right. Into the pizza and the cake. The pasta, the pasta, the cheese, the cheese, the cheese, the cheese. I'm dying out of here. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. He was great. But anyway, he did. I was just a bit of Harper doing. How's he doing? How's he doing? Probably still recorded in that awful music of his own. Who? It's too bad what a shame. How's John Osborne doing? She's doing fine. Just spoke her at the sport. Oh, oh, oh. I'm just going to watch it again this week. I'm probably going to watch it about 50 times. Because it keeps popping up on a cable, you know. And every now and then if I get just in the right mood, I'll pop the DVD in there. Just to play it. He's nice and a bad smell of the clock. He's so bad. He's on the demand. He's nice. He's a bad smell of the clock. He's on the demand. He's on the demand. He's on the demand. He's on the demand. He's on the demand. Sure, not sport. The Democratic lawmakers will seek a phase with draw from Iraq. Democrats' efforts to take control of Congress against it. They would press to begin a phase US military with draw from Iraq within four to six months. Part of an agenda aimed at overhauling key aspects of US foreign policy in the Middle East. First or a business is to change the direction of Iraq policy. He said, Senator Carl Levin of Michigan, who had his bifocles all the way down to the very tip of his nose. His what? Tip of his tip of his tip of his tip of his tip of his tip of his tip of his tip of his tip of his tip. Who's a line to become chairman of the Senate arms of the league. Me, he ain't got no a foreskin. Okay, trust me. He's a line to become chairman of the Senate arms services community next year when Democrats become the majority party in both chambers of Congress. They all find any guy named Levin or Levin that's got foreskin. Okay, ask Oscar Levin at Hilltania. Maybe the ready missed one. Senior White House officials have countered that setting time tables for US troops with draws with Wicken the Iraq government and in boldened the surgeons. But the ignores the need for a first-year ideas on Iraq and expressed a new willingness to negotiate with Democrats on a new way of foreign policy issues. White House keep a staff, the U.S. Josh Bolton, and the kid that the president would block legislation calling for a scheduled withdrawal. I don't think we're going to be receptive to the notion that there's a fixed time table at which we automatically pull out because that could be a true disaster for the Iraq Iraqi people, Bolton, said on this week's, on ABCs this week. Even so yet, at the White House, it's voting to talk about anything and it's prepared to adjust tactics. Right. It took the election to bring some that maybe we need to not stay the course. Whatever the opposite is to stay the course, that's what we need to do. The opposite. The development scheme is Bush and members of his national security team prepared to meet today with the panel of foreign policy experts who have been charged with developing proposals for how to proceed in Iraq. Panelists headed by James Baker III who served as Secretary of State when Bush's father was present. And Lee Hamilton, former Democratic Congressman and Chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, it's interesting that James Baker is in all these stories. And yet they never make any mention, the fact that he was the lawyer for the Bush people in 2000, remember he came down to Florida. And he was in charge of making sure that the fix was in. I mean, that the votes didn't get counted. And then also we turned out to be the attorney for the Saudi World family after 9-11. You remember that? I do. Just a coincidence. You're not supposed to be. You're supposed to be mentioning that. The fact that the Bush isn't in the mid-Lodden's are bunked but he's in our business together. And then they called Banda, or what's his name, Banda, or Bush. That's just a coincidence you understand, of course it is. Carmy. Yeah. The Saudis, man. The Saudis and the Packies. That's where we need to be taken some serious action, baby. I'd be rolling those tanks right through the visits of Saudi Arabia. Stickin' the long American ship. And the world feels until no those ragheads out. Get out. Get out while you still got time before we start taking a, you know, an infantry, not for a falafel. Not for take out falafel. Not for a falafel long time. Come out of 57 votes in a poll. Better keep pushing on it. If we don't get 13 every, we can't leave. Even though they won't put us on the air, it was just got a sit and continue pretending you'd be doing a show until they tell us not to. Okay. That's why I'm here. The seismic shift that midterm elections brought to Washington's political landscape was welcomed by many yesterday who opposed the war by last week who opposed the war in Iraq and the harsh methods the Bush administration has employed in fighting terrorism. From Paris to Pakistan, politicians, analysts, nordinaries, citizens, and said they hope that America had to take over the House when the force president Bush to adopt a work in solidatory approach to global crises and teach to present many people see as a cowboy a lesson humility. But some also expressed fears that a split in power and lame duck president might stop global trade dust and we can much need the American influence. On Iraq's summer period, the Democrats will force a two rapid retreat leaving that country and the region in chaos. Other said they doubt that the turnover of the congressional power would have a dramatic impact on Iraq policy anytime soon largely because the Democrats have yet to define the specifics. Well, we just got through a week and story about four to six months, which is about a specific as they got. The U.S. Ambassador, who, in fact, said the American policy would not dramatically change, despite the democratic elections of success. Zalme Kulilazad. The president is the architect of U.S. foreign policy. He sent a video tape distributed by the U.S. embassy. He's the commander in chief of armed forces. He understands what's his stake in Iraq. He understands the stakes. And he likes a medium well. He's ordering rib. Remember that thing in the firm had an envelope and he was a fixing up dinner at the rib shack or whatever it had it was. He earned profit. He's fixing some ribs. Good old country boy. But I'd be 10 gallon head. Tony is a 40, a $2.5 dollar bill at Whole Bush Family Man. Texas, my ass. They're from Texas, like, he'll be some New York at BIC. He can't say too much these days. Good. So, what's he doing? That one speech. That's what you need to find job. The latter. He's no Barack Obama. I'll tell you that. He's got her last student. The only one is one thing. She's got no two things she's got. That he ain't got. Well, I'm sure she's got no netty. I guess I don't hope so. White skin. Right. One of his assistant name and everything is money. And I mean lots of it. The 50's name. So, best talent. The 50's name is Neil Rogers. Force Radio 560. The 60's. He's a buffalo bill. Oh. It's got her a bomb. Hands up the hits and worry. Act like a kitchen chon. Hands up some munchies and make brownies filled with hair. Yeah. And we'll share it with Jesus and the same. So, five, five heads and yes. Yes. Party is great for me. Yes. Party is good. And yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One, two, three. One, two, three. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Two. One. One. One. One. One. One. Just keep it going. Just keep it going. That's good. So how about a bumper sticker that says, WWS, what would Jesus smoke? Tell it, patch. 132, maybe that's what he would eat. The good stuff. It may hash browns. The man arrested on Saturday for setting more than it does not have alobs containing fake anthrax to man and have worse celebrities. Journalists and politicians may have ties to the conservative super site, three republics called the raw story. You know, three republic dot com, like newsmax dot com. Three, right. Yeah, yeah, freak. Chad Tastigan, a 39 year old California name is the FBI's prime suspect in the case, is doing US history court in L.A. today where prosecutors are expected to follow criminal complaint against him for sending threatening letters through the US mail. Tastigan has an extensive online history, offering writing about science fiction and conservative politics. And many bloggers are convinced that he's also a contributor at the conservative activist. Three republic website another name, Mark Castanzo. Early today, users have to liberal websites Democratic underground a daily cause. Brought to like to similarities between Castag and Castagana's internet footprint and Castanzo's writings at Free Republic. And raw story is found a series of eyebrow raising connections between the two men. In one free republic post, Castanzo contends that he heals from the town of Portland's Hills, the same city where Castagana was arrested. Sorry, I was so late in replying, but this room where I'm working on line from as a scorch or an afternoon castanzo wrote in July of this year. Tempered his 160 reasons, shaved this Saturday here in Portland Hills. Liberal bloggers noticed the possible connection after doing a Google search on weddings by Castagana, Google. And let her posted the website of the magazine, San Stiction Weekly at the time of their August 26, and the future is not the current events of our world thrown into water space. The future is not with the liberals, not with the multiculturalists both hate America and certainly not to be found in Canada. The future is not written, the future is unformed. Nearly four years later, the following passage was written by Mark Castanzo, Free Republic. Let us create a future of infinite possibilities to vote at the agenda of the social engineers who worked their corruption on us through the one way world of television. World where anything is possible, but not everything is possible. Anything can happen, but our things can happen at once. That is what time is for to keep all things from happening at the same moment. That's probably the only rule of our new fantasy world that an event only happens once. What has been done cannot be undone. There's no turning back to San's at the time. It can review the past that cannot change the past. The reason of a possible future to the present must be taken in the context of the present, a cosmos not covered by compassion and tolerance to equality, the common sense in mirage. The future is not the current events of our world thrown into water space. The future is not with liberals, not with the multi-cultural both hate America, and it's certainly not to be found in some cheap, old TV production made in Canada. The future is not written in the future is unformed. San committed like that, but I read like a minute ago. The future is not a good thing. The future is not a good thing. The future is not written in the future is unformed. San committed like that. The future is not written in the future is unformed. San committed like that. The future is not a good thing. San committed like that. The similarities implicate Castan's who in the least plagiarism of the anthrax host suspect, but the other points of contact between the two men. Most striking is this Castan's old comment from September, which before the anti-bosh MSNBC anchor Keefloverman was sent a threatening fake anthrax letter in New York. This partisan loudmouth overman is a demagogue. Someone should find out where he lives in Maylamay 10th, because then he later he wrote. After all, when received the fake anthrax Castan's opposed to the following. Not to make the live of the situation, but drama queen Oberman put on quite a production, even after he had been told the powder was harmless and check out by doctors and told he was fine. He demanded that he be rushed to the hospital for more tests. I wouldn't even be remotely surprised if he mailed it to himself. I've never seen cell and more desperate for attention and approval. I heard from a liberal blog that Oberman was a premedom at the hospital, giving the medical staff in the cops a hard time. Keefloverman was a whiny little bitch. Except in that, I do not believe he sent it to himself, but that's just case work. A few weeks later after fake anthrax was sent to New York, offices in Democratic Center Chuck Schumer, Castan's a road, told it here, now what are the facts? The links provide few details as simple as very sketchy. When the Washington Post recently received a piece of the Elvisist's Fishers' White powder, Castan's a combated. I heard recently that the Washington Post gave interrupted briefly the other day because of a suspicious letter. I read about this at 1k.com. They said that the letter only contained harmless powder of Borek acid. Castan's is a pro-file of free-repolyc reads in part. I have an associate's to do in the science of electronics. Castan is web-history indicating an extensive interest in technological gadgets and understanding of electronics. A blogger with daily costumes, one covered other aliases as well. How do you like that? Free-repolyc. I don't know what you're going to do. I'm going to stand in. Not to the bunch of right-wing nutchants. Just like the people on newsmax.com who are, you know, certifiable and maybe in a rubber room. So the rest of us might be safe. We'll talk about it 90 votes on the pool. We're down here 13, and we're down here like that. OK? What a day in Josh, is going to take a moment. We'll be matched point and be treated like a really awesome. And you're greeted with the ending with a fabulous. It was. Totally unexpected. Yeah, well, they fooled me. I thought I had to figure it out, but they tricked me. They spread it. He said he had a finger down. Yes, I did. Well, I won't watch it tonight, but maybe tomorrow. I'll get back to you. Well, you're going to be watching that football game tonight. Yeah, but I also won't. I think it'll be funer that give me that by Carolina and who they'll out of power. That would be bad. Don't be watching the Bucs in Carolina. You probably get more important fish to fry. Including at least 200 stores. I'm going to be sending that at this outlook or express. You can blame George for it. They're talking. Just what touch or one key and boom. And they're like, just set off an outer space like an in a one shake of a horse's ass. Unbelievable. It's probably not easy to pull. What's your take on these poles? They're fine. 980, 76%. It's what that can be. What? They're fine. That's what that comes from. I'm easy. So this is the same thing. George, we're going to watch George video 560. You made them disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. And I'll tell you, I just want to see it. If you don't, just family, five to go. I'll tell you. Because you know it. And you know it's me and you call it me. Ruh-uh-uh. Better for that better change down. And they quit. For what you need. And for that idea. Because we have a baby. When am I getting like this? They're still in getting crank. Because you'll be in love. I like to see myself quite a little warm. But I still feel like I'm still in love. And you're dancing, singing, you're tripled. The first one. también. His singing. H wordtpatient. He's making rice ball roll! We're on a day of eating heartbreak Sleepy. Go. Go. Let's make it shine, and you'll have to the slow Go, fantastic, oh, you're so gay You gotta wear reals before you wait, don't care how much you roll Go, fantastic, go Go, can't make it, don't think it's a slow Go, chill, pray, go, and you got that all over the set Oh yeah, she glows, I mean blows anyway, she's a Scientologist too, her CEO I'm not only she's batting disgusting, but also probably a cloudy case, but she's wacky like 144, 1602 and 560WQM, and they show us just zoomed along today, hasn't it? Yeah, the vase, has it really? It's so good, it's good, let me down Now what do we got today? We got the pants that came to it, I haven't even mentioned this except for the Humphors on four o'clock, of course, the five is the power hour with Humphors to mad dog together, and then you got Humphors five to seven pants are pretty with seven o'clock, pants are in a Washington Crabbitals in 730, how to be a spectacular crowd for that game, thought by the ADK show, pants are a little off their feet, and then not that good 13 I would love votes on the full, we got 13 plus, that's what you need to know Eric, my goat, Margollace writes in the Toronto Sun, the future Ace made in China, is there anything made in China? That is there, while American voters were finally giving President Bush and the Southern Pride Republican Party, a wishlist is served long overdue in the coming last week, I was often China, or it says, observing a nation that, while originally authoritarian is at least governed by capable intelligence people, rather than the bug-wain politicians in crackpot ideologues that have run America under the rocks. Here in Beijing, for my Humphors in 1975, I've seen the future when it still says, made in China. This gigantic intrappalous of 25-million seen this and become the world's new capital city provided China's economy still serving an over 10% of the year remain strong and political stability continues. Beijing's massive new skyscrapers, huge government blocks, broad traffic clogged our avenues, and the asthma of smog and dust, give it the look of an imperial capital in the science fiction film, a measma of smog and dust. Lastly, Beijing states to Wendy or Summer for 48 African leaders who receive $10 billion in aid from China's new leader, President Hudgen Tau. Energy voracious China now gets 30% of its oil. But, turn the man. America, and go look just past Saudi Arabia, Chinese-leading world supplier, China's been on securing the line to Europe, Africa, as the suppliers of oil, and other strategic resources. China, Africa, trade asserts 30% to $50 billion in 2003. China's non-interference policy means that trade-nade come without strings, a major plus for authoritarian, African regimes, at least China's not hypocritical. While Washington broadcasts to the end in Zimbabwe over human rights, it coesies up to other major violators like Egypt, Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia. The start was a lavish spectacle with convoys of big waves and limousines racing down the aviders, dancers, drummers, anchorbath, small armies, and tough security details, and regiments of China's fear-term military police scouting in everyone. China announced a third quarter of trade surplus of $102 billion in U.S., Beijing's monetary reserve is a finally top to $3 in dollars U.S., surpassing the former cash king, Japan. Beijing continues to finance America's spending binge-by-lending at billions. China's man-math trades are plus and arizing flood-of-foran investment has swamped the nation's banks with cash. Just like Georgia's bank account, it's swamped cash. Yeah. This, in turn, is fueled in discriminative investments, especially in wheel estate and a gold rush friends who often obscure China's solid economic development. This flood-of-hot money poses a serious danger in the discriminative investment lead swore for production, which then causes 80 place-nary crisis that could add in financial meltdown, Japan excercise similar phenomenon on the 90s. China's government has been struggling without much success to restrain this investment dragon, Beijing refuses, however, to allow us controlled seriously under value currency the U.N., to float as its trade partners demand. As in, what's U.N.? The other value U.N., has given China a huge surplus, the motor of growth that has pulled the nation out of poverty. China still needs to deal with hundreds of millions of struggling farmers state industry workers and unemployed, so refuses to rob U.N. to winch up by more than 5%. If U.N. were allowed to float, say Chinese bankers, people would rush to convert to dollars, causing a dire financial crisis. Anyway, are U.Chinese officials, why should China pay the price for America's profit is seen refusing to save and running huge government deficits by reviving U.N.? U.S. Treasury is spending too much money in order to keep America's different economy growing. Since 61% of all U.S. dollars end up abroad, the Bush administration's reckless spending no restimium of the money policies and caused the dangerous worldwide cash flood and serious imbalances to the global economy. U.S. Republicans would do well to take pointers on capitalism from China's communist who have beaten the Western devils at their own game. What U.N.? Drugs? What are you all? 134 votes on the poll. And like I said, we don't have any problem with the poll. There's doing it. Just coming up with one. What U.N.? On days you're a girlfriend, Hillary. Our governor, Ed Rendell, who I would love to see on any ballot as far as I'm concerned. But I think the American people are like me. I think they really do favor governors. People who have executive experience, people who run something, creative jobs. Yeah, run this, run for your life. What's your take on these polls? That's our poll question. They're 134 votes on there. It's not too shabby. They're fine. 1989. Almost 76%. Since I said we have over 76%. That's when I started like voting for other things. Just to piss me off. Right. Like how we're really here. They're fine. 99. 75.0%. Once a week is good. 136. Yeah, I think George has come up with a good poll suggestion. Once a week. When you think where this poll that we got today, since it's about to poll, when you think that Charlotte affects the Senate whole bunch of new stuff, is anybody vaccinated? Poor ideas today? No. No. If you have you didn't send them. No. You're sitting on them. Oh yeah. Sitting on the right. If you use the pros, me, they'd like my next vacation. You probably sitting on a whole pile of stuff. You know, that's it. You see right through me. Is he sitting on him, Josh? Yes, he is. They're on the side. You look about six foot too because you're sitting on a huge pile. Yeah, I bet you're some pileer of it's not polls. I hate this poll 67 to five, but one percent. I'm going to do. They suck the poll, $5.59 and get rid of them 54. That negative story, 8.6%. That's not really too big on negative story. Compared to what we usually get with these people. Now, he's my poll for tomorrow. I usually don't do this, but I want to make sure that once we get it started. I don't leave anybody obvious out. And I was inspired like I said by that article I read about dog the bounty hunter and his crack problem. Who's the biggest phony of the mall? Oh, very good. Here's my shortlist. Maybe not that short. Right, Limbaugh, Reverend Ted Haggard, Bill O'Reilly, Mark Holy, Dr. Phil, dog the bounty hunter, Oprah, Jeff Boish, right, he does poll. All right, Jeff Boish with the family values and his disobeyed functional family. That next up, all his goody two shoes, religious and BS. Anybody else out? Do all the president, but if you put him on there, you know, every better, he'll vote for him. Yeah, and we don't want to put out president, they always polls because that's easy. Yeah. That's like swan flies off your ass, you know? Anybody can do that with your tail. I think I got a pretty good list there. That's damn good list. Thing is phony of the mall. Rush your course with his killpoppin. Why do drug people belong behind bars? You're all a dangerous society, right? Reverend Ted Haggard, who of course goes without saying, do fairy gay. Bill O'Reilly, the heavy, breathing Bill O'Reilly, Mark Holy, which we all know about her, Dr. Phil, not just, I think I might have to vote for him. Although Oprah created him. Right. Dogged about 800, always cast to get in everybody with BS about, you shouldn't be doing drugs and shouldn't be doing this. And being such a good he too shoes. In the meantime, he's a alleged crack smoke and nut jaw. Oprah goes with, I just get angry when I see her. There aren't too many people like it angry when I see them really. Your president is one of them, and Oprah, she is another one. I mean, I don't think he writes anybody anything, but she's like, not just making billions of dollars with a B, but she's like legendary. The women of the country like her, he says, if she says go out and fart in somebody's face, they're all out there squatting, man, they're the way now. No matter what color is, oh, here's Oprah's vocalist and here's Oprah's, there's the answer, Oprah's that, and stand man, I am, who cares? Who would have would touch that cow? Jam Bush, we got on there, which I think he will get a lot of votes, you'll see. He's wildly popular. That's what they always say about him. He is wildly popular and flora-dough. You don't think there's a lot of stupid people in Florida doing? Yes. Of course, they just elected their first game, that we know of, and they don't know what I'm about him. They don't know not. Anyway, it's 153 a Q&A, and the dolphins live in office by next week, Josh, who they have paid for his play. The bucks that were losing Carolina tonight, nothing can be fine in the lost in Carolina. Hey, if the dolphins can win, I got to hope, man. Yeah, that's right. There's hope for just about anybody. So, of course, it's been a long time. You won't show because he's no a video 560, but it's been a long time. It's been a long time. I am in town at 560 WQA. You're free, and so you're in as beautiful, and you know, it'll come to a restore chaos. But we totally will. Bye, bye, bye!