The music stress of TV programs are those of the host guests and colleagues. Yeah, Buffalo Gelling. The music stress of the host guests and colleagues. The audience has their own agency. Sports Act, radio, cell to you, you, and... Dude, I've been a daughter's baby. Not traveled back from the avuja. You did not say I'm tongue-tomber, she, the tell you all, the lead, my mama or Lord. She may ask only away from my dad, but she don't be taking good care of me for the last 30 minutes. I got this hair style of gold, gagmar brought a fruit. And don't you be making fun of the plates in my lips. I got me two separate ones, because I'd choose two. Now you listen to me. I added up the pink with your tail, with its furl and wanneth the levidence. And got no business raising a child. Oh, dude, he's your one-in-savaria. He's still the end of a fair. Now he may be old, but this, himself, dream and keep his old ass alive. And be given a step there, brush, he don't die to surface. Too many fruits to the dove I nicknied publicly. Come on, man, let's get going. And that I've seen it. That by your own punishment, with me, baby. You have to tell him that. Let's go. I've got to get my authentication or ankle. There's a swelling. I hate thinking about your mom. That's bad. It's bad like you look at him. She liked that, that's really nice. You didn't mean to tell him all that. You always knew what I'm saying now. See him about 30 years. Elk a bug, a bug. I've had two smells like hell. Whatever hell smells like. I bet you that's what McDonald smells like. You just tell by looking at her. Say it's pretty accurate. Yeah. Don't tell me George is on for a third episode. Yeah, well obviously the bathroom's open now. Oh, that's right. He said that he is sitting room only on the dam. Well anyway, George has got some vowel issues this morning. Not that we haven't said it yet, but of course it's more fun to do that. We'd like to share with the audience. If I've made me George bring you a sack right to your house. Say, hey, take a look at this. See how you think I'm doing. Anyway, it's 1003. That was a real fly open. You're hearing Geli there on the morning show this morning. In fact, every time I heard a little bit of it, he was on it. Oh, is that all about? Maybe they're trying to like resurrect that show again. Maybe it's the worst teen. What do you think? Huh? I said what the hell was Geli doing? So how was it that was it open in there? Well it must have a really smell bad and at you in this morning. I think the crowd that you were reporting before. Oh and there. Yeah, it was brutal. I thought you might know. Oh, the studio. Wow. Bomb attacks on Baghdad markets kill 16. I don't know. I feel like a little bit of a lip on it. I knew this was like, you know, after having sex. You know, no. Yeah, it is. I mean, the election's over and the excellent results and all of this. And Democrats won a house and the Senate and bushes are fired to a rummage for all of the stuff and they're eating crow with a little monster on it. And now we're now what? And now we've got to level up where in limbo. Bomb attacks on markets and they put out at least she had neighborhoods of Baghdad. Kill the least. 16 people among 38 Iraqis killed her found dead across the country today. And the latest outbreak of Secretary and violence. Only 38. Wow, that's great. This is just astonishing. Seven of those were killed when a car bomb detonated outside Champs in northern Baghdad. Okay, here we district as new time shoppers were gathering. 27 others were injured. Seven cars were destroyed around that same time with suicide bomber. It says here suicide boomer. Maybe he's like a baby boomer suicide bomber. So there's a kind of a kind of combining combined it all into one like a especially suicide boomer. Cloud is explosives regularly to the crowds gathered in Mission Calc commercial complex for spare parts and Baghdad's downtown Karadda district. At least now we're killed by seven wounded madatags and it just goes on and on. So now the abolish the Democrats court. So they're hands. And where are the answers? That's the question. You got any answers? What do you think? No. But I'm going to be. Now here's something I'm going to pass along that you ought to be listening to. Very, very closely. Because we don't want any dead listeners. We can't afford to be losing any of you guys. A major manufacturer of store while I will almost see we don't want any dead listeners. There are probably a few people listening that we just assume. You know, but I'm, you know, a general speaking. A major manufacturer of store brand a scene of benefit we call to 11 million bottles of the pain relieving pills today after discovering that some are contended with metal fragments. Well my God. But we know a media reports of injuries or illness or ripped kishkis yet. But perigo company said it discovered a metal bits during quality control checks. I never heard of that company. P.E.R.R.I.G.O. Perigo? No. The recolife by bottles containing various amounts of 500 milligrams of capitals perigo bills itself as the world's largest manufacturer of store brand non prescription drugs. The elegant Michigan company didn't disclose the change for which it manufacturers the store brand is to be a benefit. However, Walmart stores CVS, Walgreens and Costco wholesale are among the companies it supplies with healthcare products for the SEC filings. So if they're, and again, it's like store brand non prescription pain killer. Yeah. Well that's not very helpful in telling us what, you know, some other ways like Walgreens has its own store brand of vitamins. All these places do. So I'm just passing that along. I'm going to put it over here on the side of the marina again like 50 or 100 times just to make sure you don't want to open your guts out. Right. Lard about them stocked up. You stocked up on pain killers. Yes. Well, what about last one? Ask burn. Hmm. But that's painful man. Which of these you care about most? Yeah. And he never in the 72 votes in the poll yesterday. But why didn't you put your family or your children or your dog? Because we didn't feel like it. That's why. Because it didn't, there was, there would be, you know, two obvious. Wouldn't, it wouldn't make the point that we were trying to make. What was the point we're trying to make? I forget to get a poll on that day. That's right. To find some crapped food on there and say, hey, here's another poll. We didn't do this one before. In fact, we could do that poll every day. Which of these you care about most and just put like six different things on there. You know, like the weather, your ass, your mama. Anyway, which you care about most my income, 7079. But this is a money, a grab and a crowd. They ought to have a take a page from you guys book. You guys don't care most about money because you don't have any. Right. Like that. Some other way, did not win a Canadian list. Just 49 lot of last night. There were four winners. Each one just under 10 million. It was almost 40 million total pot. And if I would have been, see, Adam and Pistoff. I mean, I would have been very happy to take the 10 million. No, give me wrong. I sure wouldn't be here today. We've taken several days off like for years. But if you're expecting to win 40 million, I mean, I could, you know, like if there were two, okay, two winners or 20 million in a piece, 20 million tax free isn't a bad number, even Canadian funds. Right. Right. But you're expecting, I hope, you guys think I just won a 40 million. And then you find out a couple hours later that there is like three other winners. And you learn like a little under 10 million. I throw a bash or I don't want to know. I throw a bash like a fish that's too small. Here, take it back, stick it. Anyway, my income is 779. It's 44% almost half. My sex life, 360, my health, 285. I hate this pool just 122, a mere 6.8%. Politics at politics is Christmas, you would say politics 69. He's just, he annoys the hell out of me. I don't know about you, but I just dislike him intense. Chris Matthews? Yes. Yeah. It bugs me. Politics 69, the National Football is 65. My faith 58. The NFL even transcends this even crowds faith. What does that tell you? The National Football League. Don't forget to go to Dolphins, host Kansas City this week, and then I'll show you the true colors. I think Kansas City is not really that good anywhere. They just are like, they're in and out. They're pretty good, buddy. But I like, skills is made. I thought that was on what's the quarterback I wanted to say. I'm a Dolphins, something about what? Frank D'Agrine is in that quarterback. Well now it's Damon Huard. You think he or her from Notre Dame? I don't know about that. I'm actually going to John Huard from 80 years ago. See there I go with that old stuff again. I don't know. My faith 58 and Iraq only 35. Ratchet the bottom of the pile. They're just, they're, we're not on Iraq. You know, a lot of dead people a lot of insanity. A lot of lies. 35 is all they got on Iraq. That's why we're going to hold them soldiers still over there. Because not enough of you people are pissed off and fired up about Iraq. I'll take you to somebody who's pissed off and fired up a lot of them. A lot of them arrested again. That's an issue. Well as you can't catch a break that poor lady, you go girl. Activist Cindy Sheen was arrested yesterday as she led about 50 protesters to a White House gate to deliver anti-war petition she said were signed by 80,000 Americans. The birthday California woman, who son was killed her back more than two years ago, was arrested along with three other women on the sidewalk outside the White House gate said, Lieutenant Scott Fierre, a US park police spokesman, the only thing we have to fear is Scott. They were charged with interfering with a government function. They said the function at the junction. The force she was arrested, she joined the protesters and hailing the outcome of the elections and chanting, stop the war outside the gate. Stop the war, stop the war. What we want? It was taking too long for them to decide whether to accept or not. So we just delivered them to them and said she in a way to do about 15 minutes with other protesters before tossing the petition over the fence. Oh, you can't be doing that. We'll be tossing over the fence. The petition's opposed use the military force to resolve the dispute over Iran's nuclear program. She and 49 other grieving families met with Bush about two months after her son died before we force a faulty people to tell him surface and cause her to speak out. She's tried repeatedly to speak with a person again, including that 26 day vigilance year outside Bush's ranch in Crawford, Texas. You know Crawford, Texas, you hear? You know that clam that hangs out there that they'll turn with the K. Wednesday's protest came as Republicans lost control of the House and the White House and the Senate and the White House announced resignation of airmunkering Rumsfroll. He's being offered as a sacrificial lamb, she and said, big fat lamb, if you ask me. All of the funny Rumsfroll. Fat, holy lamb. But nevertheless, she's got a good point. When you go, you keep hanging it honey. You keep hanging in there. She's got a big pair. I've said you're also got a big pair that the bull by Connisholilyo, to U.M. She's apologizing again. You see that? You're actually apologizing for the U.M. fans behavior. Why don't they just stop at that whole law university? Shut it down. Shut that baby down. That's just a football program. Shut all campus down. Stop at all a pre-tension there being an institute of any kind of learning much of a higher. George has the only kind of highers when he drops off some goods. I'm just in this tire of that whole thing. That whole deal over it. It just makes me nauseous. 980 votes on today's poll. How sad is fire? Are you with the election results? Another election poll. Jesus, K. Christ, when are you going to go over that? What I'm good and ready? How's that? When I'm ready? You know, we got to like bask in the sunshine and the glory of it, man. Is that what they say? After you win an election, you're back in the glory of it for the while. That's good. You're looking for glory holes. 988 votes already. That means by the time we come back from the break, we're going to be over a thousand already. Aren't you pleased as punch? I'm ecstatic to hit our 15. I'm happy to 95. I'm squeezing myself 232. I still don't care 74. Not happy 47. Suicide all 16. Don't let us stop you, okay? Have a good time. And I hate this poll. Only 9. Sullivan, take away a point 9%. The biggest name. So the best challenge to this is. Mama's gallery, you're not always ready for this. You pay them. They're hot in the time of the scene. Let's come along and take a look. There's a golden letter from the WTU. Right now. Come and listen to the story about a preacher named A. Becky's have taken met and have been gay. Said, suggest when Gethati was a superwet just to old Comfort stories and sound a pretty crude. Bad things, bad things, gay escort, sorton meth. Though the first thing you know, old heads are hypocrite. Then in gay love, while he was loving it, he said, Big forgetless and drop to you knees and cry, say you sinned and ignored Apocacy. It's a 1018-560. So Joe's Joe Belland, what's his name, George? George, George, George, George, George, George, George is having another gun to lunch together. And that tweet or something. I think you want to have Kenny Walker go along with you guys and To you for explaining to him. You can explain to him right in front of Joe that they're trying to kill Off at show and doing a hell of a job at the end. Why in God's name? And you say, well, it's hockey season. That's the point. That's exactly the point. Nobody cares in sound for it about the panthers. That's about how we're out here. They couldn't name you like five players on it. Tell me if you were stuck on gun up there. Don't mind. Ask. So, you know, again, I'm just thinking out loud. It's not my purview. It's not for me to say, remember, Johnny Mantra's the African Queen. It's not for me to say. I wish I don't have that. Let's see. I'll call on me your records, baby. It's not for me to think. Chances are. Johnny Mantra's the African Queen. I've never met. She could really be about 18th of an unsusauce on it, girl. I got to have that. What is it? I don't have to say what you're talking about. I don't know what this is. We got a thousand, twenty-three votes on the pool. And here's Miss Mantra's right now. I am a street girl. Yeah, get her off of my show. Put her around with y'all to get on. In the wake of last month's UNFIU, brawl and other embarrassing situation rights very jackass at the Orange Bull as prompted another apology from your van president that dyke Donisheleily. Quarterback Kyle writes father, Ken, said she'll easily call the money to apologize after he was subjected to a sending lease in cells directed toward Kyle and other players after Saturday's lost over the New Tech. Kyle wrote revealed yesterday that fans actually spat on many players that they walked to the inzone, tunnel after the game, which writes that it was prompted as father to yell at the perpetrators. Kyle said he wasn't spat on. How do you like that? They were spitting on their own players because they had the audacity to lose another game. You see what I'm going to tell you about that whole UN program and it is the biggest bunch of derelicts and slime balls in his vacation. Kyle's scum without UN. Bag. No matter what happens on the field, I don't think that Warren Span's spitting on your cow writes it, getting spit on having recruits having beer spilled on them is not acceptable. I think true canes fans will absolutely agree. And of course we know how many true canes fans that really are. About third man. Ken Wright speaking from his California home yesterday said she'll easily call them an expressory regret and apologize for the actions of a small percentage of Miami fans real A-holes. He had it. He was disappointed in the orange ball security and business didn't necessarily like how you am handled the incident. Orange ball city manager Greg Wright said the yesterday was unaware anything happened. Greg Wright, he was probably busy driving at Western Fear. Greg Wright Jr. Who sure works better than the old man. I'm not going to stand for it, Ken Wright said out of outline fans. I don't go there to protect my son. I've been to many many college games. I've never seen or heard anything like that. Well, I guess he's never been to the old B before then. It's a toilet. And what are you doing at 20 is spitting it, right? Well, that's what goes down. But hanging over a rail spewing of senators and kids pouring beer and spitting on them when their family is there. I'll quote President Shalayla. He said it's not acceptable. It's unacceptable. Said Senator Anthony Wolch Lawyer. It's disheartening to see some of your home fans doing that for the most part of the good fans. But a few bad apples spoiled a bunch. A few bad apples might ask the fans who you'll go back to California, you missed with the facilities. Don't even deserve to be commented on Calright said. How do you like that? More crap at UM. I'm talking to them. I shut that baby down. Shut it down right now. I can be choice said. Remember shut it down? Shut down. Is that thing the song shut it down or shut down? Shut down. Shut down. See I'm stowing for it. So I'm capital records. Be choice. Shut down. Shut down. Shut down. Shut down. Shut down. I know what it's called. I just realized I know my beatboys craft mystery. You're talking to a beatboys expert in spite of the fact that you wanted to give that a whole Marvin Gaye thing again. Not that we got fan harp or who don't need Marvin's gay anyway. That's right. That's right. He's a bad girl. And that's right. Who needs Marvin Gaye? Anyhow. We've got fan harp around. So here's their added again and we're passing this along as in the public service to your close personal friends at QAM. I'm going to fart so loud here in a second. It's going to blow the whole window out. Oh, I'm going to turn around. Too late. Too late. I very didn't missy. I very, there's no charcoal in the sea. Like on a plane. Chantle. That was a, a rip it from the grim rip it. Grim, remember. BSO that be the usual conduct DUI saturation patrols tomorrow Friday, November 10. No, say we didn't warn you from approximately 8.30 at night till 5.00 a.m. the following morning, Saturday morning. In the areas of dear field, reach Papadou Beach in Oakland Park and then on Saturday, November 11th, from approximately 8.30 p.m. the 5.00 a.m. the following morning areas of unaccorporated central Broward County, Papadou Beach and Oakland Park. In paired drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced. The information is publishing compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandating Piranouncement of Selective Enforcement Activities. Got it? Marnight and then Friday night. Served Saturday. Whatever it is. Eight thirty night till the 5.00 a.m. I'll put that over here in my pile and we did 50 million times. We have 754 friends on our mice face page. Well, I'm proud of that. And Josh is that's a miracle. Josh gave me some very enlightening and encouraging news this morning. Can we put that on the air? Would that be bad for the sports people? Why not? What's wrong with that? Josh said that there's a big spike in listeners. I know a lot of people listen online on our on your warranties. I don't know which of course is a why not. But ever now, either there are many, many, well, what about 10? There's a big spike. There's a big spike in there. He demanded to give me a number because it would be embarrassing. Compared to the how many of us now, the Elijah's dot com. But nevertheless on QM dot com, there's a lot of big spike in midday. So even though it's a sports station and a sports website, how do you like that, Clara? Put that in your pipe and smoke it. You little quizling. You little simple then. You fair. Yeah. So anyway. I want to let me do that. Why did I mention that? Oh, the fact that I got that 754 on my friends. My space, my space friends. We had a lot of space friends. Thousands and 40 votes on a pool. How do you like that, Mr. Robber? Isn't it course that's because you're just that you did not screw up. And he thought he better than something to that again. He changed that pool religiously man. Like it was something important. Like I really cared about it. I thought it was about 23 grand on a line of wood by which I did not. But I got most of my money back left there almost even yesterday. It's pretty good. Not too bad. Didn't win a lot of last time. I'm pretty. I'm down in the dumps about that. But I would have been nice to win. Of course, if I had a one of them in five winners, so only about it. A little over eight million in a piece. Who'd have lost a lot of the eight million? I'd have been drawn so fast. You can tell Joe that by the way that I do play a lot of twice a week here. This is 49. I also tell him he can divest himself of these fantasies he's having about my stopping and visiting the station. Next time I've done it. Forget about it, Joe. Okay. And it was a very, very famous philosopher. But got about it. Right. Russian authorities have refused to license the Bohrad company film that's taking you as box office by storm. And George says is just as funny as getting hidden ahead with an apple pie. Maybe even more so. By storm, over fear, what a fend audiences here, the Moscow Times data reported meaning here, meaning there. The film contains material that some of you were making, consider offensive to certain nationalities and religions, the paper quoted. Yeah, all Yuri Veyushkov had a view of the evidence that license is films for a theatre distribution in the Russian whatever. And Russia. At the man is upheld a movie, Bohrad cultural meanings of America, to make for a make benefit glorious nation of Kazakhstan. Will be one of the first non-photographic films band in Russia since the breakup of the Soyuzina. The film's going English for me to insasheber in Cohen is about a fictional and a sagesnistic life-feeding Kazakh journalist who depicts Kazakhstan as a country. I think Nick Andrewpoth of the least is from Kazakhstan. Who depicts Kazakhstan as a country where people are addicted to horse urine and are fond of rape and shooting dogs. They were doing okay. They were going to the dog park. The movie had been scheduled to open in 300 theaters, nation might in Russia on November 30th, and the distributed funding century fox in Russia can still appeal against the federal culture and cinematography agencies with a few who have a grand relations. How do you like that? A bunch of your uptight Ruskis? How about your judges at girlfriend? Is Russian girlfriends not too happy about that either? I'll have to talk to her about it. Now, have you seen the movie at or what? No, I'm dying to see it. Well, if you don't, you will be. And I'm really very vulnerable to apologizing publicly to George for the fact that Amazon.com is so slow. If you would have just reminded me, you should order the answer. But I didn't do it. You'd have it already. You'd have it now. It's all right. You've already seen it two, three times there. No sweat. Match point. Don't even worry about it. starring Jonathan Reesmire's, and of course, the lovely whatever your name is. Scarlet Johansson. I'll just savor the moment. I guarantee you will. 1027, a QM, what's that schedule look like? It looks like the mad dog is two, the power hour with Hank and him mad dog together with the squeeze in both in the studio. Humper five to seven solo. Panthers lost in the shootout last night. I saw that. Not too good. Seven o'clock. We got Hurricane Hotline. A game works at the Shops of Sunset Place. College tailgate presented by FedEx Orange Bowl. Nine to ten. Wow. And then it decayed ten tonight. The biggest blow was tell the. What's the point? I'm going to show you how to talk in this video five six to a whole day. That sound like the play. But. Welcome. Gellby. Gellby. Talking on a court show. Trying to be my show. Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here of girls. There's a little sports show. A blue watch house. Are you there for? Gellby. Gellby. Talkin' like a baby. We need a little driving. Like a few other stands. You don't sound like a man. We fool the rubber sound. Let's joke. Your throat sounds crappy. Gellby. Gellby. Gellby. Gellby. Your lucky management don't care. Gellby. You don't be long there on the air. Gellby. The sports can break you your voice tracks. A stadium on who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only change you back when both your babies drop. Gellby. Gellby. Gellby. When you're going to grow up. You make a going to grow up. You feel me squeaky boo. Don't you grow passing school. Your pretty, you've been to this place. Make you sound like not enough. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. Gellby was on the right show. Much too long as you're on the right. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and the other states are all important early tests of strength in the nominee of your process. I couldn't be more honored that my wife, Christine, our sons, Doug and Jess are committed to doing my paperwork, have a name as that for a guide. Yes. You got two sons? Yes. Are committed to doing my effort to offer the people of American Democratic Rival. Okay. But he gave us an offer that we could refuse. No thanks, Tom. Have a good luck. Good luck, just sweetheart. Just go back to Iowa Wednesday to get out in the cornfields, okay? Get out of our face. You know, we're gonna have over learn how to reverse violence. We're gonna clock you 11 out 11 man. That is a real natural thing to make you want to take the rest of the day off. Play music all day. Play Johnny Mathes, tunes. Oh boy. One of the University of Central Florida's oldest fraternities has been disbanded by its national headquarters. I am sorry all about you, but I am so sick and tired of this so-called hazing crap. What is it all about? Get it. Get it. What's it all about, Alfie? What's your overgrown children? One of the University of Central Florida's oldest fraternities has been disbanded by its national headquarters following allegations of hazing involving heavy drinking and pledges wearing women's underwear. See their judge had his day. He had a summer hold. He always calls all tanky spanky air. He's a man. He's off somehow. Get the music. Get their pants off. Come to the right line on the way. Yeah. The Sigma Alpha F-Salon chapter will be closed immediately, said Brandon Wakehorse, spokesman for the Evanston Illinois base fraternity. Sigma Alpha F-Salon. Our board does not feel it's worth the effort to rehabilitate the group, right, of course, said yesterday. That is made as two thirds of the chapters approximately 90 members may have been involved. Two thirds. Campus police administrators are investigating the October 26th incident as possible, hazing. A call or a notified police of screaming, sobbing and moaning coming from the house, maybe early in the morning, according to police reports, moaning. Police said they found prejudice crawling on their hands and knees, wearing items such as diapers and women's underwear. Two men were taken to a hospital and the house smelled a beer, urine, and vomit. Vomits. The champion after school since the University opened in 1960 with previously suspended for a year in 2003 for suspected hazing. Telephone messages left this morning for chapter present, Drew Dalton, the University of Kishos were not immediately returned to the A&P. How do you like that, huh? At the University of Central Florida, UCF. Screaming sob again moaning. Maybe Ms. Foley was not an on the door, huh? Maybe she had warmed her way in as well to speak. That could be it. It was also a little bit of screaming, snashing, and moaning, most of the moaning cars. Maybe he rubbing urine. Well, he's a real pier. Can't say the other word anymore. No, we sure can. We're going to be the only one. Yeah. By the way, when you have lunch, we've joded. They tell them we're sick and tear that crap. Oh, yeah. In fact, I would just stand up at the table and just kind of like bend over it. I don't like right there. Like that. You don't have to say anything about it. Just as they say. A little bit of a thing. You're playing just there. Yeah, that's right. I just do it. I better play that for the reference. We got 10, 89 on the pool. Maybe a thousand 89 votes. How a satisfying. How a static. How pleased are you with the extra results from my whatever was two day. I'm a static 154. Happy. 327. I'm squeezing myself. 251. You better stop right now. I still don't care. 79. Not happy 48. So a title 18. So it's like almost 6% of our audience must be a much or closet right wing pansies. And I hate this pool. Only 12. 1.1%. Well, one one. Well, I sure hope that Geldik can push some of our day parts up to a one one again. He specialized in those small numbers when he was doing that to the foreslime. He talking with the game, but he sure, in fact, Mo got it down to a one point. Oh, and then Geldik kind of like held Mo's number right there. Now he held it. Experience the difference at Mercedes Benz and Pompano and don't forget it. Mercedes Benz and Pompano doesn't matter what time of the month he purchased a vehicle because at the beginning of the month of the middle of the month, the month of whenever it is, you always get to best deal. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes Benz luxury sedan, the 2007 GL price, the first Mercedes Benz full size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars. They give you a spectacular deal. And when you choose Mercedes Benz and Pompano, you'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing the incomparable service for you too. Offer you express the Louvre courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash. Make an appointment to the business development center and don't forget you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent fire air miles. For our Mercedes Benz and Pompano's indoor respo, you'll find over 150 great new and free on vehicles or go to their website, BenzPompano.com, VENZ, BenzPompano.com. Experienced at difference and Mercedes BenzPompano, you'll find them at I-95 and Copens Road, give them a call at 1-800-New Benz, any WBENZ, just like Deep Nebens, 1-800-New Benz for Mercedes Benz and Pompano and Mercedes Benz, they go like no other you have ever seen. Not in history took me with her, matter worldwide, what a deal, ain't got no wheels and inside some like something died. This much he can't win her, I said we're all alone in the house. But I got to say, when to give me a kiss, join to back a new man, all all red next to her loving sis. All right, this ex-girls name good, unless his family, because all us red next practice in says, to come meet my new wife, she's my niece. I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs, a four-bop four that I adore with tires that are too damn big. So here window it has a good breath, as Mara keep my good. Reveling flag and the wife of the back, money is right for too much sun, all us red next to her loving sis. This ex-girls name is good, unless his family, because all us red next practice in says, to come meet my sister, is the one over there with the dirty niece. After you need this, our new sis, who's got the niceest too, you're proud of it. I know like the way my daddy is watching me. 1048. El Presidente is going to be making an announcement in the Rose Garden in front of his entire cabin. Maybe they're all going to resign this morning. Yeah, right. Yesterday, Rummy and today, all the rest of more than we've all declared martial law or something. Oh, that could be it. Speaking of that, the evangelical campaign featured in the documentary, Jesus camp has been this continued to do to vandalize in another negative reaction sparked by the film. According to a report in the yesterday's Houston Chronicle, somehow I missed Jesus camp for you, or I saw the reports on it, but I'll be sure to watch it when it comes on cable. We've decided to hold different activities in the future, when the coastal past of a camp organizer Becky Fisher said. The film gained attention when the traitors might publish showing the children who are sent a camp to pray before an F.G. of George Bush and trained to protest abortion at very early ages, kind of like those madrases over there in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia. Same deal. The time gained further notoriety when it was noted that the film featured former evangelical leader Ted Haggard, the former pastor of the new life church in Colorado Springs and former adviser to George Bush, filmed a listen to his story, but after it monitoring homosexuals in the documentary was involved in the gay sex and drug scandal. In the following video clip, and here it is, you look at it. See that there is Haggard scene condemning homosexuality, immediately below the film's trailer. How do you like that? I'm looking at it right now. Oh, gee, there's, there's past your Ted. Anyway, no more Jesus can. That thing was redneck clothes, redneck sovint says, that's basically, you know, that's what America's all about. Democrats and rednecks. I'm sure that there's some Democratic rednecks. Few. Oh yeah. Republican Joe Negrone had a lot to overcome as replacement candidate for disgraced former representative, Ms. Mark Foley, for starters Foley's name remained on the ballot and Palm Beach County, Al B. Dang. Negrone was just more than a month of campaign trying to make the best of the situation. He even came up with a catch you campaign slogan, hoping to get his message out, punch Foley for Negrone. Give him a big punch, a Hawaiian punch or whatever, Kanye like. But it wasn't enough. Democrats, him, a honi, openly edged him up by Neural margin. I'm proud I stepped in a minor five way campaign for a congressman who stepped down in disgrace Negrone said. Foley's south floor to seat. Oh yeah, he's got a very famous seat, Foley. In other words, back to him. What she abandoned him in accusations, he sent a lured message to teenage boys, pages on Capitol Hill was one of several of the country that were left open African congressional scandals. And Texas, Democratic and Nick Lambson, one of the C left open, went a former House majority leader Tom Delay resigned from Congress, the hammer, the hammer. He's been so busy with subiday fundraising scan. That was funny. The courts refuse a lot of Republicans to replace Delay on the ballot. The victory was sweet revenge for Lambson. The former Congressman lost his house seat in 2004 as a result of a devious plan orchestrated by the way to redraw congressional voting districts in Texas. These general high districts of disgrace from the workers headed to Bob May, traditionally Republican stronghold, was also turned over to Democrats. The voter said May to the Republicans, Democrats Zach space, watch your back sack, defeated Republicans, state senator, joy-pand, to take me seated, you'll be held for 30 years. I mean, like that. So there's a couple of good points, good things. Of course, the thing in Palm Beach was much too close, but nevertheless, folks don't not hold any in horseshoes and quates. I don't even know what else quates is. What is quates? I don't know. I'm going to look that up. Do you like clothes? Get out of here. Close my ass. Please. Don't let show them the shorts all the time. Let's see. VTL, this we have to give it to game quates. Okay. The food. Quates is related to another really pub game throwing a horseshoe's and a pin in the ground. See? That's the old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. The old saying. It's the old saying. At the old saying, ISD? The old saying. Vollor isذا with the old saying. They did the old saying. answering the skyring a rapper is also seeking a spaable support. He says the couple's go, I mean, that's just so sad. So sad. Like she was doing her a favor by servicing her. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He says the couple's community assets are on certain those spirit-centered divorce papers that were none to speak of. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right, I like her better right now. Yeah, and I should do. You go, bitch. Kevin has prepared to go to the distance in order to do what he feels is necessary to protect and save her out of the children. It will not be intimidated or disquated from pursuit of those goals. Michael Sand, spokesman for fetalines, attorney, Mark Vincent, Capon said Wednesday, spokesman for his attorney. Wow. These spokesman. Siding irreconcilable differences fear style for divorce on Tuesday, which we're supposed to care about. This even all I couldn't care less. But nevertheless, you've got to be on top of his crab man. This is where America's head is at. Spirit 24 and K-F-20 and have a one-year-old son Sean Preston and an infant son, Jaden James, who is born September 12. Spears of course is seeking custody of O'Chillins. Spears of edgedly to line in the fall of 2004. They had a ceremony in September, but court pay for state to come over officially married October 6. It was the first marriage for a fetaline. They were still dating his pregnant girlfriend, char Jackson, when he met the pop star, his pregnant girlfriend. Well, I've said it one thing. He sure got away of him, pregnant dating his girlfriend. Jackson gave birth to fetaline second child this month before he married Spears. It was the second wedding in the year for Spears, who is 55 hour marriage to childhood friend, Jason Alexander ended in an element. Remember those days, of course. Well, I'm going to say all this tabloid turbulence is just more than most of us can handle. Is that what it is? Tabloid turbulence. Speaking of turbulence, you're going to have a turbulent stomach all weekend, because it brings in some heavy duty stuff tomorrow. Jackson's ice cream from Vania is coming in with more tub's of ice cream for the guys and premium along for national, Delhi, I'll be pop dogs. Big dogs, not just regular, but footlongs. Where the hell was it? We used to have footlongs. Where the hell was that? Was all I could to fair it to stay fair stuff like that? I don't know, Cody Island. Never was that Tony Island. We think I'm like some kind of a New York Jew or something like that? I don't know. Anyway, national Delhi probably presents the first annual Big Dog eating contest at Jackson's ice cream number 18th at 8 p.m. featuring footlong premium all the way to the green. So they bring in a bunch of weenies and ice cream tomorrow for our two weenies, George and Josh. Weenies for the weenies. 1145 and a full latte to one thing, man. We are reading kick in some big fat grotesque ass today. Even Donna Shalabey, don't have an ass that day. I don't think all of them maybe. How do you like that thing? Some of the so-called fans spitting on their own players because they had the audacity to lose another game. As if they didn't go out there and play their guts out. Am I right, Josh? Yeah, they just don't have talent. They just don't have co-cass in it. That's so gallant that great. It could be a so-they lost some games. Tough crap. Just like that Michael Irvin is bad mouth and poor Larry that old the Larry Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo guy. And Larry ain't too happy about it either. What is the eighth man? The first one of these. I would cook with that thing sooner. Yeah, that's right. Again, it's the wheel in the standing up right soon. You should fuck. Get him out of our face. Anyway, 10.56 a queue and we got a lot of heavy duty sports stuff. The dolphins play this weekend. Who what girls seem to the hurricanes playing on beating up this weekend? Oh, actually they have another top 25 team in Maryland. Oh, they're going to get whipped again. Hopefully that's an away game. Let me take a look at this. You have, I'm not going to trust you because you told me that this was one. It's going to weigh again. Oh, it's UM and Maryland. Well, thank God for that. Hopefully the Maryland fans won't be spitting on a hurricane players or anybody else. Where'd each other? Maryland. Another ranked team. So let's see. Five and five. The Murray's last game to me. The biggest name. Five and five. Now I don't know if this is the old Roger's sports radio 560. You, A, M. For a guy. Big bow. Canada. A land that's produced rock and roll is great as performers. And now, these legendary conuxtape trivets one another on this new CD, the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic. A modern day warrior me means trying to dance on fire me me. And rushes take on this and Murray's standard. The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2, A, like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number. Oh, man. Look at my life. You're a lot like my open run run. Neil Yon singing Celine Dion's biggest hit. I know that my heart of soul will come. But that's not all. There's Shelya Twain singing viola that up. Crash just dummies doing a lot of more set. Snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon White put performing this bear naked lady's smash hit. Keep up your copy of the best Canadian single other Canadians. It's a great white gourd has never been so great for that matter. So white. It's 1102 at 5.60. WQAM happy Thursday to an November 9. Honor Robert Creeper is November 9. Now, see who won a tourion that's filled the beans about that whole thing with the morning show? Nope. Representative, no tell me it was the beast. He was neither there. Maybe it was the host. Your toast toast. Okay. Yeah. Representative. Chair. You're such a puss. It's just pathetic. Stop. Give it up my sources, man. Representative Charlie Rangel, the incoming chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, revealed yesterday that he's got his eye on capital office at space now held by the man. He recently called a son of a bitch, vice president Dick Cheney. Mr. Cheney enjoys an office on the second floor of the House of Representatives, and historically has been designated for the Ways and Means Committee Chairman explained Rangel, who vaulted at the top slotted a tax writing panel for the most powerful and Congress when Democrats rolled over the GOP to take control of the House Tuesday. I talked to a future House Speaker Pelosi about it this morning. A giddy Rangel told a crowd during a news conference that his Harlem office yesterday morning. I'm trying to find somebody to be as general as I can to restore the dignity of the office circle, the dignity of that office. You've got to go. You've got to go, meaning El Vice President Day. And Rangel's debut news conference as Ways and Means Chairman and Waiting. He dismissed GOP claims that he's been tinkering with Bush's tax cuts before they expire in 2010, or said I'm letting them in the laps in four years. At my age 76, I don't probably mean bananas, he said Bush won't be around in 2010. We don't know what the economy's been looked like in 2010, so let's get on and see what we can do, he said. And he dismissed the Republicans campaign talking point that he was suspended military funding to halt the war in Iraq. I want to make it clear that no member of Congress is prepared to cut funds that would put our brave men and women in jeopardy. What stops the war are the American people he said. Despite his jab at Cheney, Rangel vowed to work across party lines to tackle issues such as social security. The president's going to have to decide what they want to be a lame duck president. He said, if he wants to reach across the aisle, we too would like to share that the country wants bipartisan to bring a letter. Still, he couldn't take resistance taking out a couldn't resisting the shot of Bush's immigration reform plan, calling a guest worker program as close to slavery as you can legally get. Rangel's getting the last laugh in an nasty world wars with Cheney. Now Maclosing campaign spread Cheney ridicule Rangel's and irresponsible tax lover who wouldn't extend a single one of the tax cuts. Rangel blew a stack when Cheney fooled Fox News Channel, Charlie doesn't understand how the economy works. He's such a real son of a bitch. He just enjoys confrontation, Rangel sent to the post, talking about your vice president, Dick. A lot of 170 votes on the poll. We had guilty on it who missed our morning show. He's been able to go morning shows. Hopefully, we won't have to get any time soon. Well, he's off to Buffalo with the team. Good place for him. Maybe they'll leave him in the queue. Don't hear that voice. Oh, they're all. It's just amazing. Isn't it just mind boggling? Sorry. Exactly. Enjoy your lunch. Do you find out where you're going in? Or is this going to be a big- God, it'll be surprised. We'll probably go to Tutsis, get some late dances for lunch. Walmart has told its employees that it's OK to once again greet choppers by saying, Merry Christmas to the holiday season, instead of the generic happy holidays. How do you like that? Of course, it kind of fits in because Walmart is perfectly for Goiam, yay who's. CNN confirmed that Walmart will announce today that it plans to use the phrase Merry Christmas in products and around its stores this holiday season. Another week's not to trap there. In Austin comes here after religious groups such as the American Family Association and the Catholic League, boy-cutted retailers including Walmart last holiday season, for an ex-student award Christmas from product-soldin stores. We quite frankly have heard lesson from my dear Walmart spokesman Linda Blakely told the USA to name a severed report. We're not afraid to use the term Merry Christmas when used at early and when used at often we want those goiam back, she said. Besides resurrecting its Christmas pitch to retailers also determined to be the leader in this usability price wars. They November December holiday shopping for its critical time for merchants because it can account for as much as 50% of their profits and sales, 50% to that end. Walmart was the first out of the gate to top prices on toys and electronics. Much ahead of its competitors like Target, Toys, the Russ, Costco and others. The support of Christmas deals reports at Walmart. We're launched TV ads next week that trumpet Christmas. Work for Gaiam. It's changing the name of its seasonal decoration department to the Christmas shop from the holiday shop. Ever since if you're celebrating Khanica, I'll hub your interior. Moreover Walmart stores will play Christmas Carol's throughout holiday period about 60% more merchandise will be available to Christmas rather than holiday items of paper. How do you like that? How about those Chinooka Carol's? What are they going to start at Walmart? Right? Absolutely. I'm going to start singing some in the part and line. Diolidixies. Everyone loves Christmas Carol's. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that. Under being holiday this time of year. That's why I said until now, introducing Khanica Carol's on TV. Khanica, they're always behind at Christmas. They sing something new. Oh, he's new. He cares all the TV. He's like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the day of Khanica, my mom, I'm not there. Oh, babe. Hey, I'm talking with us seven slabs of corn being set for take a lot of fun. Okay, yeah, I'm here. If you're tired of the old traditional songs of the holidays, please don't fool the tradition. You'll get tired of almost before you know. You better buy gifts. A gen of a sale. You know how we eat today. We can. Khanica is coming. True. Khanica Carol's on TV. It's the holiday collection. You just can't. It's over. If you want me here in Al Khanica, Carol's at the Walmart, I'll tell you that. Because they decided to really pander to the glam. Well, that's okay. There's a lot more glam than the R.J. So I guess it just fits in with their business practices anyway. Right. So put your trailer right up there to the side of Walmart and have yourself a gear all time. Let 180 votes in the full. We're going to be way over 12 or 12 and we're on a way to like a spectacular unbelievable number today. And Josh says we're kicking serious ass. We got at least five people listening online on QAM.com. Wait till that website really gets put into shape. Right. That's right. Of course you got a long wait. No, not really. Republicans had hoped a midterm election would bring 2006 is the or the black Republican guess what? Didn't happen with high profile losses in Maryland center race in the contest for Governor and Ohio and Pennsylvania. Prospects were Republican games among black voters turned up short this year and gave scan hope for 2008. One thing about the dark folks, man, they know which side their jam is a buttered on. Republican Michael, Steve, Maryland's Lieutenant Governor lost to Democrat represented been cardinaly 10 percent. Ken Blackwell and obnoxious conservative darling would have been Ohio's first black governor who helped to a fix Ohio for a book in 2004, uh, lost by nearly 24 percent. And Lynn Swan, not a dumb jack failed by 21 percent to secure the Pennsylvania governor's office. Lynn Swan. They two black Republicans were touted as a new face for the party, which has been perceived as predominantly white for years, but Republicans have vowed and continued to about to change that. Good luck to them. They'll need it. History will show these candidates represent a new leader Republican leader said to our wall of the Republican National Committee. This is just the beginning. Wall insisted that to be Republicans who have been to feature out the nation to do not hinder the party's future efforts to recruit black candidates. Well, they certainly got enough gay candidates. The R&C, it skips a more than 100 outreach events to mobilize black voters more anticipated during the 2008 election. Ron Walters, former campaign official with the Reverend Jesse Jackson, and now a professor of government and politics at the University of Maryland said Republicans have to identify candidates based on issues not just on skin color, what are a concept? They have to have positions that remind the black community said if they can't attract the black voter won't pay off. Exit polls show that 88 percent of black supported Democrats about the same level of support in the last few elections. 88 percent. We should only say that of all ethnic and minority groups. Should we be able to say that? 88 percent is used. 88 percent of Hispanics like his president, Dave County, huh? Oh, great. But that'd be something. Will that be a major real way? I mean, we accomplish that. I tell you one thing, all those old green teeth, man, are going to be dead one these days. That's enough, but I mean, they'll be dead. You know, I'm talking about the old green teeth. Oh, yeah. The alien crowd. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah. Yeah, well, they're alien. They'll be dead. And then the new breed of young Julios man, then they're going to take over people like Miguel, for example. Yeah. Yeah. And him too. He's going to take over. He's going to be head of the DEA. The drug and drug and agency. The drug and drug and agency. Excellent. 1180, 7 votes on the poll. Well, waiting for president Bush to speak and he said, I never promised you a rose garden. And there's an antiprocene that very boring Harry Reid. You think Harry's really alive or is he just like a mannequin? Man, there's so many of these guys talking about stiff. Like I said, thank you, pardon. Who was that? Lynn Anderson? Yes. I thank you, pardon. I didn't see dead. I think so. Oh, not Lynn Anderson for crying out loud. Not lovely Lynn, who had so many big hit. I like that. Well, I was a merrily of nothing. I never promised you a rose garden. Well, I mean, he's going to be making another speech. And hopefully the whole land, the whole bunch of them will resign. The biggest name. So best tell us that this is a large rush. It's a sports radio 560, if you hate him. Sports for your radio is like a huge war in you. That's really good. Burst, it was waiters of the most dark. The temple of doom and the last crusade. Now, you and two decades later, he's back. Hey, he's six. Right here, remember why? But I hate him. You are a thing. And tell them you ignored him. He was so forward with turns in the angels. And like, these are the doom. I'm going to hit you with my whip. Stay still now. That didn't hurt. Oh, yeah. How about this? It didn't. It felt nothing. He, a RPG pictures presents. Harrison Ford in the fourth installment of an ancient movie franchise. Indiana Jones and the Keysers of Doom. Lord, no. Let James Ford and Roy Wright boys. Everybody run for your life. Oh, she didn't want to join. She didn't use a deal. This one was not like a metaphor. I can solve this in two four years of the game. In 18 at five, 60 WQAM, we have 125 votes on the pull. We are smoking on it, think man. It is just smoking. And two big lunches taken place today. Your presence having lunch with Nancy Pelosi, would you like to be a fly on that table? Oh, not a fly. And George is having lunch with Joe Bell. General Mangler, for something else. There's no where yet. And there's no kind of a jewelry going to be eating for dessert. Probably it's got some of that press on any freezing. I hope it's red. Come out to Joe. That too. As the Candacing continues in Virginia, Senator George Macaca, which Allen is the question in his home shell shock and going through a nightmare during this period of limbo, a senior Allen staffer tells CNN, Allen is making a speech at three to seven to hopefully to concede. And the conference called with the Senate staff and regional representatives yesterday afternoon, the Virginia Senator didn't concede yet. Well, it was clearly not emboldened the fight this. A quarter of the staffer was book on condition of anonymity. He don't want to be called Macaca by some half-wits. And Allen lost to his Democratic Senator James Webb gives Democrats a once-even majority in the Senate. I think he's going to concede a three to a afternoon, being the real fine gentleman that he is. We in the dueling redneck that he is. Wow. I've been here wait. So that's it. You got to push it 1135 and you got to Macaca with the three. I think your day is all set now and of course those big lunches in between. Thurases them. He's got a hidden microphone. He's going to be broadcasting once with Joe Bell. Tell him that Kenny Walker is a good guy and he should stop trying to say that he's showing. I will. That'd be good to say. I mean, you know. I don't want to get involved though. Don't go drag in my name to it. Don't be like well, Neil says that's exactly what I'm going to say. Yeah, I'm sure. Neil says that. Right. I'm positive. That's what he's going to be. Well, because otherwise, he don't care. Exactly. He doesn't care what you have to say. Right. And he's just using you to try to get from you. I'm going to tell him. He doesn't know what Neil wants. Doug Thompson, capital Hill Blue, George is very favorite website says. Memo to Democrats don't buy into Bush's act. That's what cynical Doug says. He says president George W. Bush decided before Tuesday's midterm elections to fire defense Secretary of State, Rumsfield, but lied once again to the press and the American people about his intentions. Bush admitted he has to say that the interviewed former CIA and director Robert Gates over the weekend for Rumsfield's job and said he intentionally misled reporters last week about the defense Secretary of the Future to avoid making the Iraq War more of an issue in the election. More of an issue, the Iraq War in Bush's misunderstanding of it was in the D issue in Tuesday's route that swept Democrats back into power both the House and the Senate. Once again, Bush proved himself unaware of the obvious and oblivious to the voter anger that said Republicans tacking. He blamed GOP losses on voter ignorance saying Americans didn't understand the war in Iraq. He changed eyes political guru Carl Roe saying, I obviously was working harder in the campaign than he was. He later would claim the line was a joke, but it wasn't. Bush was clearly pissed off and everyone involved in two days election debacle. Everyone but himself. Wednesday's press conference was classic Bush. Author of Rumsfield is the first of what some are strictly a number of scapegoats for the Tuesday massacre, avoid accepting responsibility for his own culpability and talk about how he hopes to work with Democrats after six years of writing rough shot over them. When asked about the outrageous claims he made about incoming speaker Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats during your election, saying they favored victory by terrorists, Bush dismissed his inflammatory reticues just politics. The election is over, Bush said it's time to move on. Yet it's hard to move on with the present who hopefully admits line and rationalize that is just politics. Bush is disregard for the truth is just one of his many ethical problems and more laughs. He lives in a delusional world of his own making a political allegory that knocks morality, ethics and the law. In his work mind, all his fear and politics, he and his party prove that over and over again, this past election using fear, races in bigotry homophobia and outright lies to try and hold on to power. Now that he's lost in wants to make nice, it demands that the opposition for given for again. A recommendation for incoming Democratic leaders Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid don't fall for WZAC. He's a venomous political snake who will turn and bite at the first opportunity because that's what snakes do. Don't turn your backs on, don't trust him for a nanosecond and don't play for an incident that he serves any interest but his own. George W. Bush proved this past week that he'll sell out anyone including his own administration and his parties, leaving his in Congress. If last week he had announced his decision to replace Donald Rom himself, it might have swayed in our voters to keep at least a sentence in GOP hands. But Bush for reasons lost somewhere in his deranged mind decided a lot to the American people again. It wasn't the end another desperate, unsustainable act by a madman. A madman. Like that, that's your present, baby. That's what they're talking to. You know what I'm talking about? I don't think the coast is through. I don't know. I don't know if the coast is queer or not. Probably 18 votes on the pool. Bill Cosby sells pseudo-ledging sexual assault. Remember that? I do. You know, the good thing is just down on me. We don't hear anything about him anymore. Thank God. Well, you talk about somebody who really wore out his welcome. Not that I ever liked him in the first place. Everybody was funny or entertaining or anything. Just too much to get old putting. Bill Cosby said in the lawsuit yesterday with a woman who said the entertainment drug and sexually assaulted her at his home outside Philadelphia. In terms of the settlement, we're main confidential according to one paragraph statement released jointly by both sides. Cosby's publicist David Brokaw said there'd be no further comment. And speaking of Brokaw, you know, so NBC tried it all time out there. Wow. A telephone number for the plaintiff couldn't be determined yesterday. She could not be reached for comment for a lawyer in Dolores M. Troy any decline for the comment. The woman claimed that Cosby 69, as Salted Herod is mentioned in Child and Han and early 2004 after giving her peels. The attorneys for Cosby says the comedian gave the woman Benadurel allergy to that but after she complained to stress and sleeping problem. Was just a Benadurel or two or three? Right. That's illegal now? Well, if he gave like 10, the federal judge presiding over the case earlier than not Cosby's request for a gag order and the plaintiff's request to shield the names of another woman who would say Cosby assaulted them. Some of the accusations raised by the other women go back for decades and none had pending lawsuits filed against him. The native of Ontario, Canada, was in her 30s, previously worked at Tep, see how I don't understand that. That's right. I mean, Ontario is a province, it's like, that would be like saying, a native of Pennsylvania. I mean, like, is there a city where she's from, or she's just from the province, she has a lot of the boom dots, not incorporated. And, anyway, she's near 30s, previously worked at Temple University in Philadelphia, which has caused me as a trustee in one of its most famous alumni. Real service, real saving. She then filed a lawsuit. Or, when I skipped over something, she might be pleased about you after being counter-marched, kind of prosecuted to climb to file criminal charges. She then filed a lawsuit. Clause B best known as the warm funny TV-devon the cause be show, which really sucked. As far to date with Blood remarks on personal responsibility and that they black community, in 1997, the year his son, Ennis, was murdered. The long-were cause baked house to be fair with the mother of Autumn Jackson, a young woman convicted of extorting him. The woman said, cause being given her three blue pills that rendered her semiconductors then molested her. He's a big peeled guy, like you I guess. She said she evoked to find her bra undone and her clothes and disarray. That's usually a sign of something, possibly in his legal fileings denied the ass, all in city-made the woman breakfast the next morning. He described him as social friends and sometimes had dinner together alone or with others. They have sometimes had dinner together alone or with others. But is that me, Lyssey? He'd have been just a two of them or with a bunch. But you'll see a match point if that the TV ever shows up. I am so frosted about that. You know me being the big spender right, I was like 12, I was 42 cent with the, you know, a don't even sweat it. You've already gone above and beyond. No, I have not. You need to see that. You're loving. Well, eventually now I look today to see these status in my order. It says delivery expected between November 14th and 28th. What kind of services that Amazon.com? That's my own fault. Plain if and he discussed many topics as a community, basketball, plaintiff's queer and personal development. To have opportunities in trying to spiritual beliefs cause be sent as answered. They lawsuit because they're also so families for defamation after cause these representatives. The legislative family had asked him for money before going to the police. A little black man, a little bribery there. At the moment of the month they said, we don't believe that for a second. Do we? I don't know what I don't care. Who cares about Jellow putting in the bill? Jellow putting? What kind of people eat Jellow putting? I don't know. Go ahead. I'm blocked. Okay. Come on. You're 29 votes. How satisfied are we? The election results and the majority of this product of course are squeezing themselves and each others. The biggest name. So best talent. The biggest is wheel rotors. For Shredio 560. Doors burst doesn't care about black people. I want to be a Latino. I want to be a Latino. Say hi, my lawyer. I want to wear a 650 in my hair. And dark circles. This is the cover of my face. I want to drive in a big car with that fish in interior with loudness. I want a girl named Juanita. I want a girl named Juanita with bomb like air. Makes blue eyes and big old James. I want a Latino. I want a Latino. I want a new Latino. I want new a Latino. They make the people of the pandemic. I got to. He's actually a baggy home. He's lovely. He's like a head of white Mahc translates to. I have a Latino. I have a Latino. I feel so scared. Languageist skaters. He'll present a very short speech. How many words do you scope? I. Turn it man. I heard his party the like of it. with service to the other and all the other and all the other and then he turned around and chained he followed him very closely by the way and they went inside the door back into White House and by by and I was at no questions asked 239 votes I just mentioned that because it made me feel thank you and he has something can't exist make something new important it is a and did he know this is the American people expected to rise above politics what did that start that's funny come it for him it's just probably like a throwing a fig leaf to the democrat party as he calls it the Vatican is condemned to get pride parade to be held in Jerusalem tough tomorrow and I can't be the gate pride parade where the afar bushing those orthodox use newsville were saying the offering a reward to kill any of the things that must be the one the Vatican is condemned to get pride parade to be held in Jerusalem tomorrow's offensive to religious believers and urged his radio authorities to stop and taking place how do you like that talk a lot here is the a Nazi pope who's now giving dictates to his right is he have a lot of cuts about yeah paparazzi it is with bitterness that we've learned that the day after tomorrow remember 10th to thousand six there is scheduled in Jerusalem may so called a pride parade the Vatican said to stay ministry yesterday and learned it as we'll form minister the Vatican urge authorities to withdraw permission for the parade which is expected to attract up to 8000 people's the holy sea has re-interested on many occasions that the right to freedom of expression sanctioned by the universal declaration of human rights is subject to dressed limits in particular when the exercise of this right would offend religious sentiments of believers the letter said it is clear that the gay pride parade scheduled take place in Jerusalem will prove offensive to the great majority of Jews Muslims and Christians given the sacred character of the city of Jerusalem gay pride for festivals have been held each year in Jerusalem since 2001 but this year's bigger and with international participation is caused greater outrage than before ultra orthodox Jews rest in black suits and hats have protested in the city burning tires and pumping police with stones organized as a cradle from what understanding tolerance had opened minded right the Vatican is often criticized the rise of gay rises of potential threats of the traditional model of the family that's right because they want them all to themselves that's what it's all about they don't like to share that's one thing about this pope man he wants every recto room self especially that's wish guard in June the Vatican said gay marriage abortion lesbian's voting to bear children and a host of other practices it's all as threats to the traditional family and we're signs of the eclipse of God oh my god pardon me expression like that the you know this or might be of all over again come and listen to the story by the preacher named there yeah same old crap hotconne cattle pink I mean the world's biggest closet the Catholic church anybody out there ever made a straight priest I've been asking that for 30 years in this market that never had one name delivered like a coaches this morning no straight man would willingly put himself in a position where he couldn't get any of that yeah so any of that yeah you know that yeah that I see it's a bugging thing right keeps you regular it's up to 245 oh seven pull we're gonna have like over 1300 by noon and God only knows we did 15 yesterday right here on the show right around 15 17 some like that I don't think we're gonna duplicate that again don't set the bar too high you know because then burn Troy or can't get up there get a nice stiff drink yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he's the best at any rate Robert Colors is the drama of empty numbers has the Bush administration really gotten its come up and now the real come up and should be impeachment and now let's see if they were just blowing smoke when Pelosi and all these others were saying oh well that's not on our agenda and if we let's let's hope they were just to make a nice you know because now it's time not to make nice no more I love to have a lot of hearings you know the energy policy and into the holy rack business all of this stuff the so-called papered act my ass and the voters went a him is the first sentence in the story even with 40 percent national turnout which I know is good for a midterm election towards oldest and most complacent democracy I find myself battling that Robert Colors rights and skepticism a day later that the criminally incumbent Bush administration is actually gotten its come up and at the very least I know that those of us who want to be claimed the country still have a lot of work to do a celebration investing back to house and maybe even the Senate will have to be a brief one not maybe and the house and the Senate see when he wrote this it was still up in the air but it's not up any or any more I think the Allen McCockoys will concede a three-to-step note a white house spokesman commenting on the presence reaction to withdrawals mandate to do the holes in which he has crossed the country still deeper during the remainder of his term said but he's eager to work with both parties on his priorities over the next two years he albed what I wonder is have we elected bipartisan appeasers who want to work with w the new league powerful congressional democrats reflect the outrage in a horror of their constituents and begin shining a moral spotlight on this criminal regime will they tell the president where to stick his priorities back to my skepticism is least partly based on exposure the blue to the blue to last night for a longer interval that I'm accustomed to at one time as I watched the lecture returns with friends I keep forgetting the depth of American no nothing is a misproved especially by the electronic media the columnist of the democracy that means being funded spill into our living room is was driven home from a by a CNN commentator waxing wise on the senate horse race in Virginia referring to acid polls that showed a majority of males casting the votes for republican senator Jordan Macaco with talent some of the former racekins coach of the same name and majority of women voting for the democratic shun to gym web he said the men voting for Allen and Virginia that's football the women voting for web that's a rack if he's right it's time for a male anti-sefrige movement me thinks but there was no moral awareness behind the suit of observation only an indulgent glee in the spirit of the old art link-loader show kids say the darkest things americans cast a bellish for the darkest reasons apparently the gals are rather over a rack torture six hundred fifty thousand dead while their husbands are dreaming super bowl in the skins glory days let's wait and see which candidate wins and we'll see which consumer resonates more with the American people ain't democracy grand if you actually believe the states in the selection had life in the significance such chocolaty might barely be tolerable here in America we're 40% as a darn good turnout for midterm election such folks are in the minority I guess a few other matters were lost in the drama the numbers have flashed across our TV screens for instance to me the continued not the care that electronic voting machines are unreliable hackable enormously costly and undermine the integrity of our elections machine malfunctions wouldn't start failed to display candidates name footboats occurred in precincts throughout the country and convenience in some photos this in franchising others and most of machines they've never a viable paper trail making recounts and many set races such as Virginia's Iraq football set to all but impossible also beyond the scope of the drama have the numbers that were accustomed to calling democracy there were some overwork results that hinted at the two national mood one was the surprising success of a number of alternative candidates including rich wittany the Green Party's nominee for governor Illinois who got a whopping 11% of the vote in that state another was the fate of resolutions from coast to coast calling for US troops withdraw from Iraq a total of 8.7 million voters cash ballots in such resolutions according to the national organization Liberty tree most of these refer into past five wide margins and cook how they Illinois were I voted for example they vote was 456,000 favor 267,000 against overdrawn troops from Iraq and in San Francisco nearly 60% voted yes and a resolution calling for bushings impeachment and across the bay and perfectly more than 68% voted yes on impeachment all while whole homes this is a footnote in the mainstream media which excel at bringing us the Super Bowl but haven't quite figured out how to cover elections which are more complex and just possibly more important more important than the Super Bowl how how dare he let's find Robert Coler and string up his hands the best balance to the system we all rocker sports video 560 the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time your first and so it is beautiful and you know it will take time to restore chaos but we've설 I'm gonna be a little bit more sick I'm gonna be a little bit more sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick I'm gonna be a little bit sick Some 47, 13, a little bit on our great Thursdayman It's a wonderful day for the Irish The Jews, the Guay and everybody else And even the Muslims man Even a raghead I don't know why But I just can feel it Can't you can you smell it? It's still something How you're on T.A. would you smile is probably Georgian real nervous you know how when some people to get nervous they fart a lot because at once he's got come up with your bell not a pressure no device watch it I'd be nervous there will be prayer and perhaps the laying on of hands so this is the story this is not about your lunch all of it could be prayer laying on of hands during your lunch yeah hope not there will be counseling and a confession and there will be advice see this all sounds just like you know like your lunch coming up there will be advice confrontation and a rebuk from godly men appointed or received these spiritual restoration of the Reverend Ted Haggard is what this is come and listen to the story about the preacher named after family from the pitta grower thumbling and tumbling from the pinnacle of American evangelical movement and allegations he started met and converted with a co-voted with a male prostitute co-voted isn't that interesting a choice of words I love that wrote this the associated person to board in my ass I'll bet Haggard is agreed to a rehabilitation process that could last three to five years all my goodness maybe they'll throw him in there with the what's his name with the uh... mark fully because he certainly much to all from his folly although ten might like mark because he seems to be enamored with ugly old guys i see six of a lot of the guy that was no one is thirty one eight the uh... but thirty minutes of the uh... a greater face grotesque i see six cents approximately fifty percent of the time said hb London vice president for church and clergy at focus focus focus focus focus on the family the conservative christian industry in colabato springs guys just wear out and they can all our subject themselves to the process those who fail end up selling cars or shoes or something and being miserable and angry the rest of the lives of the city so that's a venue guys out there cell cars or shoes or a sales holes then you're going to land up angry and miserable rest of the life if you believe this is shendrick this uh... tuxter tuxter of uh... craft hangry was present well we know what he was uh... uh... president of the national association be magelicals and senior past of the fourteen thousand member new life searching collaborative spring to last week when it then remains in a paper for sex nearly every month for three years and sometime took met met and fed of a new in counters all he bought the method and use it except when he was having sex with his uh... grotesque hangard first and i'd having sex with a man he admitted by met with city two away on use he resigned like what charges with all that potty by c-trosit away yeah he thinks about light and up and i like that that guilt pains of guilt get to me just this weekend burden he resigned from the any and days later was fired from a church after confessing unspecified sexual immorality he's a pre-vert he's a homo one of the zidavabden haggard's restoration said the process will demand honesty from aggrod and determination from his overseers it not just be a matter of friendship will have to become all state confrontational relationship he said you've got to confess your scenes and you've got to have a group of people around you will not let you whitewash the issue you better wash it before somebody gets some disease from it from the question perspective we think in terms of prayer we think in terms of what we call godly counsel where godly men who are clean themselves insert then uh... themselves in life one who is struggling one and said and i think he was in certain lot of stuff the symbolic laying out of hands may also be part of the recovery one and said you think he's going to get to the mess i had a message hurt i'm sure there'll be those who lay their hands on pastor haggard is an act of faith calling on the act of god that we store in healing said the fair can be therapeutic laying out of hands can be ceremonial that's what he likes to lay in on a hands maybe this maybe this uh... group can get them out of his death one of the men who agreed to oversee the restoration the most anxious focus on the family founder james dobson has already withdrawn setting a lack of time uh... he's not time for small pithas like dead the other two pasty jack hayford of the church on the way in vannice california and tami bar none of the first of somebody but in finis the client come out of these specifics of haverids program it isn't clear whether haggard will try to return to the ministry of new life or elsewhere he said that he's committed his life to god and he's looking for directors to work god can best use him said Leonard chessler haggard's lawyer in friend the reverend shans spear a brethren and christ pastor in holidays vorn cancel vania knows at least part of what lives and it for haggard after a minute and a few with a woman spew and her day painfully your long separation from the ministry went to counseling six times a month and worked to earn back the trusted his wife and his church it was a brutal day it was brutal for his wife to raise well she said she suffered nightmares had trouble sleeping in the times one of the die if god could have taken me if that point out would have been pleased because he just don't feel like you could take another day she said now they feel blessed it they say they're merged to vibe even for us in their church accepted shans spear back as minister there's hope he said there's grace there's restoration but it'd be put a boot but about all of us other holy moly crap you know there's a lot of tax three dollars to be made in that freaking business let me tell you that right now speaking of dreams you know right dreamed about last night maybe that last night or this morning before the alarm on food yeah chinese food okay sliced beef with all kinds of shroom now i'm not about you but i love mushrooms i do not talk about magic mushrooms i'm not about it about it i like about the shrewd shrooms and onions i've told you that before i could i can if i were so lazy maybe i need to get the uh... automatic you know sliced in the onions is a pain in the grass oh well they have a little cheap slicers out there slicing me right a time you know it slices it all up really yeah oh man shrooms and onions i can just i can eat that that and that only for the rest of my life i'm not sounds ridiculous because after the first time i like it but also i like them a lot and of course i would like to maybe on the side like a little macaroni and cheese craft the sister joke it's just a joke i don't eat no craft macaroni and cheese okay although the uh... upstairs at the track it would by and they have uh... you know like a little cafeteria and have a fairly decent out to the right i got the barely stay used to i've been there in years uh... at calbert called a racetrack and the best macaroni and cheese in the cafeteria hmm and it's got to be like you know it's always better like the second day you know i mean oh yeah and if it's like if it's almost burned a little bit you know like a little you know i mean like crispy on the outside like a casserole right or you never bake it you ever make macaroni and cheese and then bake it uh... the show i'll be building in pop set up twelve hundred yeah exactly i hope you eat fifteen some ice cream tomorrow you are slow right there all right so i think i'll put the crap just a clean your ass up there tomorrow he says he invented to be the by the way you don't want to touch the best part of it he could find it now what you said jish right plus i'll be in the tub uh... my own he's got his own tub all for me and he said you don't want you get in there with him just like in uh... tell them mr. Ripley remember that man and then the tub was you long well why not how said i would might get up in the tub with mad name and not what you love or he's a you know he's not bad but not even more your head of a sexual house satisfied are you in the lesson results twelve hundred eighty votes on ecstatic for thirteen ecstatic their death in a kazanski baby happy three ninety three happy not not ecstatic what happy i'm squeezing myself two ninety which is i think even the on ecstatic isn't work depends on how long they squeeze themselves uh... i still have here ninety two not happy fifty six suicidal twenty two and i hate this full fourteen one percent only i hate this full not happy fifty six wouldn't be a great slogan for q a m okay when the numbers come out like when parents goes around and i want to rangers number one and i think that little uh... crap had jord but our sports numbers suck you know maybe there's a message in air for your clearance too much break in sports too much rough that decision too much narrow casting man narrow casting it's like that's three about the u.m. you know the guys spitting on a poor players these are like overgrown children haven't i talked about this about a billion times over the years about these guys you know and it's one thing if you go to a game like when i go to a hockey game i wore my least jacket which you know what how not you know it's called and help me we need to wear jacket anyway so why not wear my make believe jacket right because that's my team but i mean guys who like in the regular lives i'm talking about a disporting of it but just just day to day they walk around and they got there are hurricane jacket on and a cap and at least overgrown children we used to give it up give it up for jesus for Christ's sake isn't that a great acquaintances in order to give it up for jesus uh... given up for i would mind giving up for radio although not what you might have in mind i don't give that up for anybody not no more wouldn't do that again especially on old guy like me oh man woo i'm not one of those guys who want wants to rock on my life side said all the time it is bad but like twelve hundred years for you all or you know if he was here i'd have to probably consider it the best of the best of the best of the year rockers all the words of a hill fighting their roles And that's when I listen to the Neil Mathews 12 to one hour. I'm just bored today. Usually it's not as hard as we can make her now. I'm officially totally fast in and howling world is friendly and I feel. A lot of the others judge today's grandson the name page. Who is a bread and is a leaner household. But our mister Nittis McAll, let me live in happily ever after. They have their babies or faces. They're hungry and I know. It's a sad boy. But we've got more friends to leave it in. Once I'm back to the kind of malice, I'll go and hide it. There's some auditioning and cheese. How's that sound? Like you said, like baked, baked macaroni and cheese. And a casserole. Real crisp. Right. Browner. Some for many. We'll see lower. I got something that's brown on top. Some for many. Guys, we'll see lower electric bills next year. Thanks to lower cost for some types of fuel such as natural gas. Speaking of that, the many others will see their rates increase as other fuels give more expensive. Customers of the state's largest electric utility, Florida Plumberland loop, will benefit from the company's new natural gas power plant. Which will cut fuel cost because it's more efficient. The company also projects it'll see lower fuel cost overall and is cutting a storm surcharge and will further reduce customers monthly payments. Oh, don't we just love FPNL? No, no. The new charges were approved yesterday by the state public service commission. We're really pleased to be able to reduce our customers' electric bills. Especially at times when a lot of them buy utilities are fighting and necessary to increase their rates at FPL spokesman Jim Davisson. We don't like him either. The company's customers will see their rates go from $100 to $1.6 for a thousand kilowatt hours to $103.51, a 4.7% drop. God Almighty, it sounds like $5.10. The average customer use is slightly more electricity than that per month, but it's the standard industry benchmark for usage. Customers of other utilities will see higher rates, however. Seeing Petersburg-based progress energy Florida the state's second largest electric company, wonder approval for a fuel charge will mean increased about 80 cents a month of the average consumer. 80 cents a month even George can't afford that. And Josh forget about that altogether. Let's start living like an omit. And both power which serves customers in the Panhandle said rising coal costs are grabbing its rates up about 10% starting January 1. It's customers will pay 1.087 for a thousand kilowatt hours up now from $9.234. Just like many other businesses are prices have been impacted by rising fuel costs. So if you have a girl power spokesman John Hutchinson, that's in the Panhandle. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. Do we? I hope not. You think? If you don't go to the Panhandle, you'll go to the Panhandle. Maybe him and his cronies are listening there during the lunch hour now. They all gathered around their computer listening online. Oh, and there's that crazy thing, Neil. Yeah. Customers of Tampa, electrical pay 101.87 for a thousand kilowatt hours up by 5%. You tell these have a lot of recover only the cost of buying fuel and power from other customers. And their four cash for those cost must be approved by the PSC. The companies are allowed to make a profit on the fuel charges. And the idea, you know, speaking of the Tampa area. I was checking some things online and then I went to our website. And I saw that nice two weeks that you put on or somebody put on their last dinner. Eric put on with my help I fed it. And I clicked that thing to the blog, which is still up there. And thanks to the last dinner's wife, Mary. And it's like kind of surreal. You know what I mean? There was like, I don't know how to describe it. But when you get in the habit of reading with somebody, you've got a blog and they've introduced all of them. Even when you know that they're not going to be around much longer, you get to feeling it's always going to be there. You know what I mean? I'm not expressing myself well or not. Probably not. Good enough. I'm just saying it's just a there no more. It's kind of hard to describe. Hard to say. Like Johnny McRis would say, it's not for me to say that what he said you don't have that. I don't. I don't see that every two votes on the pool. Conservative activist Richard Vigory has released a statement that blasts the GOP's Congressional leadership and they'll make it a lot to both on House and the Senate. By the way, MSNBC is reporting that luck I told you Senator McCockowitz will see the three this afternoon, the Senate race and Virginia and the Senate. Democrats have the Senate 51 to 49. Of course, that's a little bit on the shaky side because one of those two that put over to 49 was an independent by the name of two Lieberman. Bernie Sanders, we can count on for Vermont. Two Lieberman, who knows? Depending on which way the wind is blowing and which way his tallest is blowing in a wind. He holds his tallest up in a year. You know what I'm saying? And whichever way the wind is blowing, that's the way he blows. Every single member of the Republican leadership in the House should be replaced at Vigory. They have failed to Conservatives who put them in office and they failed to people of this country. Vigory attacks when he described as the big business wing of the Republican Party, and urged his GOP leaders to get out of the way and let a new generation of young principal Conservatives take their place according to the release. Or where do we find them? Young principal Conservatives. Congressional Republicans should move as fast as they can to distance themselves from the Bush White House, because that's the only way to come back from this disaster. He said yesterday is an internal elections meeting Tuesday. We're refered to my Bush and is wearing a rack. Voters couldn't vote to fire Bush, so they did the next best. They fired his party in the House and the Senate, and then stayed houses all around the nation. This election did. We said was also refered to on the so-called neoconservatives. The big government Republicans who took us into a nation building war, while they busted the budget and rich big business and its case read lobbyists. Vigory said the only thing that he has written company cared about was holding on to power. That's what led them become kings of pork. That's what led them to protect the likes of Mark Foley. Pork, which it looks if you look at Hastard, that seems to me that that's one thing he had in commonwood Mark Foley. They both were really big on pork. One thing the selection was not figry, rights is a repeating Asian conservatism. The twin pillars of conservatism, smaller government and traditional values, had the support of the same voters who threw out the Republican Congress, he said. That's where it should be. That's where it should be. I like Mr. Bigwig and the Republican party. Now he's pissed off and fired up. He's had it. He's had it. Got it. Got it. 13. I heard six votes on the poll. I just mentioned those numbers every now and then because there are a lot of people after like sitting on the edge of their seat or a sliced beef with nice Chinese mushroom, sounds off and good and like a beef gravy. Give home one. I'm going to have a walk. You know like for stir-fried walk a lot. I don't have a walk. Okay. Why? We don't either, but it just sounds like something that would be good to make that what you're talking about. Or I could just call in order to take off sounds like good. But then of course, God willing, those were kind of crap as in it, including sugar. That's right. Why don't they do that? I have no idea. That's just a covered. Yeah. Well, who don't want there meet to be sweet? Well, don't want that. Yeah. Time-hating says, your rack-wind who can I move along please? Pretty pleased. Time-hating says, your rack-winds, your election what now? Did that what I said yesterday? Your election's over what we do now. That's what I'm thinking. Time says, as the campaign began, consultants and degrees of vote parties sought to keep your rack from becoming an election issue. To their credit, the American voters disagreed. And since then, I'm changing course and let a rack become the critical factor in overthrowing a rigged Republican majority. Now what? For sure, representative Henry Raksman will hold a gavel on subpoena power for hearings in the war profiteering by corporate contractors. The issue of surfacing and civil society, for example, to distribution of rubber greenwalls fill my rack for sale, will suddenly be exposed under the glare of congressional hearings. This is not a scandal at the margins, but a mortal threat to one of the pillars of the war. In recent days, both coal and back-tell of quitter rack. Others will follow according to ways strategic forecasting report. Available when side is in a security business, that November 3rd memo says other contractors will leave the theater of operations when the risk is too great. These strategic threat is that the combat capability of the U.S. Army is breaking because the contractor's supporter relies on won't be there. In short, the Pentagon doesn't have the military capability of filling in for its private contractors who are profit-oriented. Some different questions were during Republicans and tried to rain myslmen in, but it appears that the contractors have lost much of their previous bipartisan immunity. Indeed, the contractors may wish to avoid the negative publicity and possible subpoenas that are sure to result from any serious waxman hearings. In addition, the Democrats are sure to hold hearings and use a peanut power to get to the bottom butter ugly truths of the rack war like the administration fixing and the facts to go to war. The airing of these issues is welcome overdo, but the rack war will not end. The administration will continue to conflict in the 2008 election year that Democrats refuse to win it. The National Security elites believe America's image is a superpowers that state we've heard it all before. The Americans believe the loser wore even when they know the war is unwindable. It is possible, of course, that the bottom will drop out of the military. I've heard resulting in a military defeated in debacle, but the administration will avoid that outcome at all costs. The anti-war movement and the supporters in Congress therefore will need to pursue an inside outside strategy on the inside. They'll have to mobilize the out-of-a-rack caucus around an exit strategy alternative, including such proposals as one, the appointment of a peace envoy to begin a process of conflict resolution instead of military occupation, two, sending a deadline for bringing our troops somewhat in the year and three, at the same time, ending the formal occupation and requesting the UN appointed international consortium to work with the rackies on security economics and reconciliation. The White House may wish to lure the Democrats into a bipartisan or no-fall approach to Iraq in order to extend the war while be fusing it as an issue with voters. They may be in half the sacrifice Donald Rumswell to that this is written before he had resigned, as suggested again time for new leadership. It is almost certain that they'll replace the current Iraqi regime of the strongmen to go after the mafia of Lakshata al-Sauder, the main Shiite leader who once the west of the road troops and finally both parties will hide behind the recommendations of the bipartisan Baker Hamlet and study group, which is likely to propose a partial redeployment. The Democrats' successful House campaign strategy just ran in manual, who never wanted to make a rack an issue, already suggesting such a new bipartisan chip even as the political that two-day-ness, a new American majority believes that Democratic Party will end the war sooner than the Republicans. These are steps in the right direction but only baby steps that Vietnam will continue for seven senseless years after the Paris peace talks began while scaling back into original victory plans, the U.S. still wants to say, in tens of thousands of troops and they subdued and perhaps partitioned Iraq and wants the issue to utilize by those 2008 elections. The peace movement there foreneed to gear up for the 2000 elections by establishing anti-war coalitions that no candidate can avoid in the primary states. The first four states, Iowa and the Hamlet of Addents South Carolina have large peace and justice constituencies. The electoral anti-war movement is a big winner of the 2006 elections, especially the leading the activist associated with move on.org. Having virtually abandoned the Iraqi issue in the six months following me, 2004, election move on presumably has learned to stay with the issue. But can this movement sustain itself in the face of bipartisan efforts to neutralize Iraq as an issue? Should that movement align with an anti-war candidate or be non-line independent force pressuring candidates in both parties? Can it connect? With domestic constituencies like the peridrade movement, the environmental anti-vigoral movement of Katrina's victims? Whatever the answer to these complicated questions, peace advocates will have to keep up pressure on the pillars of the war policy until those pillars fall. Tuesday enacted an democratic party has fallen as a pillar of bipartisan support and so as Vectail, so have several generals overtly and covertly served the neocons. The pillar of the armed forces is breaking so as the coalition of the willing. Above all, 60% of Iraqi people are demanding a U.S. withdrawal timetable and 60% endorsed armed struggle against the Americans. The next week's is months will reveal the balance between democracy and empire. That's what Tom Hayden says in the Christmas member who he was married to. That's right. It's fine. It's kind of a new living. I just don't let it say that. What is Rick Sandtorm and his family? Is there a cry to bad? You got a wall up, baby. You and your fascist mentality, you lunatic. You crazy person. The family look like he just stepped off the spaceship. If there's anybody out there wondering if the ship is landed, just take a look at Sandtorm's family. The big, the best talent. If there's this evil ruckus, for sure you'll find a 60 million, 80 million. So, the biggest names, the best talent. Six to ten year old morning, so. September, September. When you watch somebody's Hollywood guys doing that doing that, you know, ha! Do you as the real deal? I mean, do you see that stuff in your shaker head? Is it making crazy? Well, I don't know where you're talking to. Yeah! No, no, no, no. You know, I've been a lot of, you know, Jackie Chan's a good friend of mine. You know, gently into a lot of my legit guy, you know. Yeah. And a lot of more in everything. Well, I'm not going to bring that up. I'll bring day seven to 10, Sports Radio 5, 6, 6, 6, 7, 7, 8, and 9. So, night on Fox. Lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents, when Jews attack. Sponsored by the committee to let George W. Bush and by KFC, where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white, white, wings, and only 29.95. When Jews attack. Tonight, I'm talking. Making pizza into a j nagwhooo! I'm not done with me. We're all the friends that you still need to use. Cause make them peace and have to go. I'm not done with me. We used to fight. I need a judgment before you'll decide to. What you have on earth is just one rule. I'm not done with me and guys are doing it. So you're not done with me. Hey, don't want more bloodshed. My own people will still on the left my head. See? This is all that you've got. I will pray that my tentatious blood and what's with that. I'm not done with me. We will get this far. Both I was shaking hands with rainbow sound. Let's get up here again and have a bottle of cool. I can't beat Paul Kyrschmark. But it's on sale. 20 past noon is 56WQM-Hentry 32. Maddog and 2. Then the big power hour 4-5. Everybody at town is talking about that power hour. It's a water cooler, aren't they? Humph. Humph. Humph. And then you have that hurricane crap. Any can't attend a clock tonight. This is a book MSNBC as reported in the Senate of Georgia, McCockowitz Allen, is set to conceive his race for re-election of three o'clock this afternoon. And we'll give Democrats official controllably a Senate. And tell me, Republican Senator Conrad Burns is likely barred by my panel off from requesting a week on. But he has yet to conceive because he's a hard ass. Never will. He's out. He's out. McCockowitz is out. It's an undial. Oh no. Conrad CBS Newsman had Bradley. Is that a leukemia? No. No. How do you like that? Watching that, no? He's been hanging for quite some time. And Bradley, those such a dedicated journalist, a started his career in radio, made a name for himself in Vietnam as so many this early generation of journalists, really has won a lifetime achievement any did a report for 60 minutes on brain cancer patients, called a new lease on life. He did another hour on 60 minutes too about the sexual abuse and the Catholic Church. There was not a story that Ed Bradley would not pursue with. With big-rots. But he's dead now, Ed Bradley. From a 60 minutes in CBS News, good, uh, journalists. John Bolton's trouble nomination. His U.S. ambassador to the UN is going nowhere. A key Democrat senator said to the D.A. for the party's court, those big term victories and medications. What if I just said, Joe Biden, that was expected to share the, uh, Senate Foreign Relations Committee. And I never saw any real enthusiasm for Bolton's nomination on the Republican side to begin with said, uh, what's his name? Biden. There's none on our side. And I think John Bolton is going nowhere. He said, maybe back home for a little trim of his mustache. Mr. Bolton, the controversial former under secretary of state and charge of non-phoriferation was nominated by President George W. Bush to be UN envoy March 2005. But after his confirmation was blocked and the Republican Senate Bush made a recess appointment, which will last until the new Congress convenes in January. After Tuesday's elections, Democrats not control the House and the Senate, before he'll just cancel the ballots that was talkable. Should we submit a bold nomination? Guess what? It's Dennis Adornio. Another piece of good news. What's this fact? It says, spent part of the summer at the Jersey shore and heard Johnny Dark on WJRC, 100.1 in Tom's River, New Jersey. How do you like that? Johnny Dark, our good old buddy, is back in Jersey. A match made in heaven. You know, Johnny Dark? Johnny Dark? Hmm? Right, could play the other one. Johnny Dark, sir? Yeah, cool. But anyway, I'll let's see. Here's some other names from Trenton, Barry Cohen. What what what does this mean? Some I see. Keshirana Equisho, some other names from Trenton. People from Trenton, Judith Light, Richie Cole, John Stewart, Ernie Covax, Tom Hervon, owner of the parrot and forelaterdale. So his impact and the chulas on the beaten forelater. What does this mean? I'm back at chulas on the beaten forelaterdale. Friday and Saturday, 7-1, Billy Frederick. Oh, Billy, that's the piano man. He's plugging himself. Well, that was obvious. Then it came out. I thought this was somebody who was like a buddy of ours that you know him. I don't know if I met him. I had to come to the parents. He's the piano man as he know Billy Joel. I hope not because of the year. If he knows Billy Joel. I know that. Can't know man, my ass. And that's something. I'm back. Like who cares? Okay. Go get a billboard. We don't get any promotion here on this radio stage. We didn't have any guy out there with a sandwich board. I'm like in a road mall. Much less anything important. Any real promotion? No nonsense. Cape Cod judged through the book of the college kid for wearing shirts in his courtroom. During the high profile, Wardings and Murder trial. Looking, locking the sloppy student up with the accused killer. This is from the Avaston Harold. Just in case you're writing it down on your wrist. The Kate Cod from the college student whose name has not been released was tossed into a cell with Christopher McCallan, a garbage collector on behalf of the 2002 slang a fashion writer, Christopher Wardingman. Varnstable Superior Court Judge Gary. Dusha loves those in England names. Varnstable. I'll take one. Superior Court Judge Gary Nickerson had court officers lock up the student. After he was totally the courtroom for wearing shorts. They wouldn't leave. Kind of a punk was in a courtroom with a black shorts on. Stupid punk. A co-naid reportedly Massachusetts lawyers wicking the student placed into a holding McCallan, who charged with standing worthy in her true-all home. The student reportedly was at the court house on a class assignment to watch the explosive trial, which is promptly media circus. Varnstable Superior Court clerk Scott Nickerson, who is not related to the judge, confirmed the student was detained. But, anyway, it wasn't formally charged with contempt. Scott Nickerson to clown clown. I want to ask if the student was put in a cell with McCallan. I'm not going to comment on why the individual was said. He said, George Nickerson could be reached for comment. One court outsourced, Nickerson has a reputation as a tough but fair judge who demands the proper retirener's court room. He'll tell people, this isn't Fenway Park, go tuck in your shirt. He's also been on the chance to hire people for public displays of affection in the court house. First of all, they get a little bit too carried away. Maybe he needs that pump from that other judge. You know what I'm talking about? That old old old Boundalekka? I do. The red of him in the room. So, Ed Bradley is that there's some bad news for our judge. Good news. The elections over and we got to McCallan's going to consider three of the bad news. Any attendance? The attendance? Just as diligently as he did is were for 60 minutes. Hey Bradley, Zabud. That's a go round. All G's. That would have been really bad. Yeah. Hold. I would have been mistaken in your part. The biggest name. So, best talent for the basis. We'll rock us for Shreddie of 560. You can. The beautiful. No Gibson surrounded by questions about alcohol and anger. But also questions about anti-symmatism and the word-simmons cited outrage after an explosive public drama. We interview Mel Gibson at his office. And he's back to that moment as you remember it. Okay. Were you drinking from the open bottle of tequila in the car? Yes. I got the slugs in. Do you know how many? Twenty. I read to him. The officers account. Or the words he used that night. Explosive Jews. And the Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world. You still believe the Jews? Absolutely. I hate you and I want you to die. Coming up. Have some fun? Welcome. Welcome. I have to take a look at the photos. I have to take a photo of you. I have to take a photo of you. Yeah. I do not believe the tequila can turn an unbiased person into a raging anti-symmite. Let me be real clear here in the sobriety city here from the two national television. That I believe that Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world. Perfect. He's real credit to the human race that Mel Gibson. Governor like Charlie Christ gay, appointed a transition team yesterday to pay the weight towards the agenda where the second inauguration and the dozens of people I'm in to laugh to make his new governor. I can't wait to see the follow up article in the Abraward of Palm Beach New Times about Charlie Christ. Can you wait? I can't wait. But we will. We're going to be my partisan said Charlie. We're going to do what is right. Chris said it is first news conference since the team Democrats didn't have a son to do today. Maybe we can't get him to give us to him. But how about if we bring back rich divers? I am so sick and tired of the sports nerds in our station. If we're my good coach personal friends would have some session with rich divers. Bring back rich divers. What are Yahoo he is man? I don't care he won 85 of a bowl games. He sends me right to the bowl, rich divers. You know what I'm saying Josh? I know what you're saying. It's all they talk about in this station. You know, you got to bring back rich divers. Give me that old Larry Coker. You know, he's an old funny daddy. And it lost three games this weekend. They'll be for all right. They're leaving four. Yeah, they lost four. They're five and four. It's correct. The Miami hurricane football team has lost four games. How you like that? Anyway, it's just so pathetic. It's important that we have even our partisan Chris said floor needs to come together. Oh, I've got a line for that. I'll do everything to work for all parties, all of theologies. We're going to work hard and we started already said. Members of the transition team will have to meet strict ethical guidelines. And the government's to the administration will be based on integrity, diversity, per versity, competence and assured versions of Roberto Martinez was named Chairman of the team. Another guy we would need will name ends in Z. Martinez, a CROG give us lawyer headed Chris transition team. When Chris was elected attorney general in 2002 Kathleen Shanahan, a veteran of national and state politics included in still his governor, Jeb Bush's chief of staff was named Vice Chairman. She's in charge of vice. George Lemieux, described by Chris as the master of his campaign, was named executive director of the transition. Chris, Christ, Chris former saw a solicitor general is the deputy executive director on who he'll be soliciting. While Chris was naming his transition team, Davis was closing his campaign. That's sad. Davis spoke to reporters Wednesday outside his campaign headquarters, one story building in a run down Tampa neighborhood as some of his campaign staff exchange melon calling hugs. I'm very proud of the race we ran. He said we overcame an insurmountable odds in this race. We're outspend by over 30 million dollars. Despite that, we finished with just a seven point margin. We won his fanicoat here in Florida. The first time I stayed wide in our planet candidate. And so that's since Bill Clinton. I didn't know that to you. They won his fanicoat. How do you like that? I do. There's hope. Davis did not rule out a future run for office. After I get things settled at home, I'll have some time to think about my future. We said there'll be another day for the state and maybe another day for me too. Meanwhile, Chris was deep into meetings yesterday, planning his mover to the governor's office. A lot of he's going to move his boyfriends in there. He had telephone conversations with Fed Ask Governor Bush and Senate President doesn't make him prove it. And was expecting to talk to us because he doesn't get Marco Rubio later in the day. Oh boy. So they're making quite a few here about it. Bradley done. He really has accomplished a lot. And you know, he could be controversial. And he could be difficult as a governor as far as it's intended to be. And he could be confrontational when he needs to be brought. What a body of work. It is remarkable. And how are Chris and Ben Bradley? What a body. Oh boy. That's how he curts. What a check-as. Ian Williams writes, Bush, Krony, the head UN Food Program. How do you like that? It's the Vicozon, G. What a shock. As Americans voted Tuesday and what may well have been referring to my book administration policies and home in abroad, US ambassador John Bolton once again breached UN Protocol in New York. This time, I've been truly announcing the appointment of former Washington Times editor, Joseph Schiner, to head the World Food Program. Under if she's kind of like her, her Scheriner or Scherner. Scherner, currently under Secretary of State for Economic Business and Agricultural Affairs, is tasked with pushing American business interests abroad. A long time, remember the Washington Times on a Sunday on Moons, Unification Church. Scherner left the paper in 1997 on the Church in 1996. A Mooney. The Bush administration's practice of favoring of ideological and dinastic loyalty over competence was responsible for FEMA's abysmal for foreign steering hurricane Katrina. With Scherner's appointment, a member of the World Health Organization, was worldwide. Scherner's main qualification for the Bush appointment was the many years she spent ensuring that Moons Washington Times flew the flag for the most edivistic brands of conservatism in the nation's capital. The other main candidate for the position of another American, the experience in competent Tony Bambri, head of WFP in Asia. Well, experience in competent don't cut it with his crowd. Americans have long regard to the World Food Program as their own, and with some justification, it was conceptualized by the Eisenhower administration in 1960. And lost in 1962, as it means that we're cycling American agricultural surpluses, and because the Kennedy administration was at Lagerhead's with Dr. Benay Rahn-John's Sen, then directed the Food and Agricultural Organization. The WFP has done some good work regardless of the mirrored altruism of the marred altruism of its origins. But I'll explain another quick, several serious questions about the economic effects on local agricultural viability of throwing free subsidized US food surpluses into countries. Those questions are elected or men, unanswered as shown, or events as the interest of US agribusiness. I think you ought to get a shiner. Anyway, the shorthron is more of the same BS. As if, you know, as if he's going to change something going to change with this crowd, they're a bunch of crooks, man. Now they realize the clock is winning, and they've got only two years left to grab as much as they can, and they're going to be granulated and grubbonate and squeezing it. You know what I'm saying? That's right. 13,000 with 60 votes on the poll. I think we ought to real heavy shot at 14 today. I'm not going to let 1500 crap again. You know, it's just too much stress, too much pressure. Don't you think? Absolutely. Too much stress. And too much freaking pressure. That's the last thing an old daughter in fact, like me, is especially when his blood sugar is too high. And you want to know why it's too high? I'm not going to tell you. Not that ice cream. I didn't have any ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream. I did have some of that to look her up. Post of it. And then I had, you see, what I've discovered is that stuff is very good. And it's not really really bad on your blood sugar. It's not good, but it's not that bad. And then, but then what it does is stimulate my appetite for candy. Oh, boy. For sugar. One. Candy. Candy. Candy kills. Why just had two herses bars with nuts? Two. Yeah. Those real skinny ones. Those real skinny ones. Those real skinny tight bars. The brand of ones. Wasn't a good idea. Not a good idea. I need to add better stuff there. If you're going to cheat, don't be doing it like close to bedtime. Like a bar before I go to sleep. Because then your blood sugar is, what? Sky rock is making. It's making way up. They're zooming up there. And then you wake up in a morning like you're like that other time. Remember then? You won't work in that then. Do you? Do you? Stroke day? Yeah. No. I mean, I was at the station, but I was not working out with you on the show. I'm sitting there and I'm doing my show. I did a four hour show after I had a stroke in my sleep. And leave it to IOD. Man, leave it to these grave robbers and leave these stations. They don't care. Listen, they're slowing my words. You're going to look at my jaw. My jaw is where my ass is supposed to be. And my jaw is like, ah, he's really funny. Like that. And then probably your buddy Marvin was working back in that day. When you think, either he or Nick, well, either one of them is, well, just the aroma from Nick would be enough to make me swim. I'll tell you that right now. He did not even pleasant aroma. In fact, could put you in a, huh? Come on. Or, uh, I don't want to cue a. The biggest name. So the best challenge for the basis of the year Rogers 4.0.5.60. You can kick his ass and then I'll steal his two-five. Do you see all readings on the rest book? Yeah, I know he's from Tony! Sure. Could not be, yes. Watch it back. I don't know how to wake him up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! Watch it back. I don't know how to wake him up. No, no more. I thought I'd have to think about on top. I did not read it. And I don't need a rating that I might not say. Don't care what you do, I'm gonna send this to you. Gotta wait a little harder on the guest you love. A rose should guts to go. There's a lot of fat producers you know. That's right, what you're fat. That's right. You won't wait for no more. No more. That's right. That's right. That's right. You won't wait for no more. Well, brother, all that grub I don't understand. And you can meet from a truck while you're involved in it. That's it. That's what you made a rating for. You just might sleep to this all your fault. I'm just straight in your flat ass out. Well, what you want me to load, I'm gonna use my mouth. That's right. That's it, that's it. You won't wait for no more. No more, no more. No more. That's it. That's it. You won't wait for no more. You won't wait for no more. This is what we say. You can't finish that. That's it. You won't wait for no more. No more. No more. No more. No more. But you're fat. That's it. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Yeah, I can get that shot. Oh, my God. I know what the time in the rest of my business is going to do. Come 46 at 5.60. By the way, if you missed our morning show, Kenny and Bo morning show this morning, we're sorry that you missed it. All of the good news for you is, and we stand. Did we ever find out why he was on this morning? No. Oh, why do you say it that way? You're supposed to be on top of these things. We're supposed to be going to be having lunch with Joe Belvedon, and we jump it up and down on the table on the restaurant, and carry on with our business. And demanding all sorts of things like a lot more money for you and Josh. Right? It looks like you went away. He ain't going to demand any more money for you, Josh. Don't expect him to go to bed for you. Right. I give you a good example. 10 times of as-this man. 10 times if I've asked you once of as-you, and of course you're on vacation at least. You know, care about Thanksgiving. I was all saying, That's what the conversation that we had the last time we talked about. I'm about Thanksgiving. Well, we didn't talk about Christmas. Christmas, we got taken care of. We got that late. Something I hope we do because I'm not going to be there. It's not going to be here. But thanksgiving. Yeah, and Karrimines were like to know what the idea was that day. We have a ball game of some kind. We have some craft that we're going to put on. What is going to happen on this air between 10 am and 2 pm on Thursday, December, 20. November, whatever it is, 20. 3rd, 2 weeks from today. Okay. Is that Thanksgiving? We're kind of calendar. Make sure it's the right thing here. You're a week from today. Okay. I mean, I think probably Josh would like to know if he's supposed to report for Do-do-do that day when you like to know Josh? Well, I'm not coming in. But yeah. There you have it. Well, guess what? Needs your mind. I'm sure he's not going to be here. But George is on vacation. So, yeah. And I was just just making sure you've passed that long. Thursday, November 23, is Thanksgiving. And the make sure they put some crap on there. Like the best of a guilty would be there. So anyway, here's a more on the story. There's really not that much more to say. Ed Bradley, the veteran's 60 minutes corresponding morally pioneering, Blackthier list of his generation died of leukemia today with 65. Bradley would won 19 Emmy Awards covered in incredible ray of stories after joining the CBS News magazine in 1981 from Brain Cancer, the sexual abuse and Catholic Church to the high school shootings at Columbi. He also reported a number of award-winning documentaries covered political conventions and filled in on the CBS TV news of the programs. Bradley remained active on 60 minutes. He was a member of the U.S. Army's 50th anniversary of the year. He was the general giant, said, Bob, she for CBS's old Fudgy-Doy-T, Washington course, found in the close friend. He just did so much for many African American kids. He was a great role model. Ed Bradley's that at 65 leukemia. Okay? Rums felt out. I like that rum so it'd be dead, but Bradley's still alive. See if there was a god. That's the way it would work. Don't you think? Well, he's a cruel guy, you know. Yeah, and he works in mysterious ways. 13, numbered in 79 votes on that poll. I guarantee if George would really gotten behind us today. We're going to be having a big push. We may 15 again, but we don't want to do that. Do we? Well, whatever we get, we get. You know, we'll be very happy. We're easy to please today. Right? That's true. It's basically when you got all that ice cream and weeners coming into Marlos for long. Those big giant weeners. Stop. One of the main architects of the Israeli weapons industry last night called on his government to end attack of artillery bombardment of the Gaza Strip after a volume of air and shells ran onto the victim homes killing 19 Palestinians. Oops. Arms experts, Bonn and Z called the weapon systems to an accurate to expect no civilian casualties. The 15 women is ready cannon barrage over the heart-hit northern Gaza town of Bait Hanun. Kill 60 members of a single Palestinian family including eight children ages 4 to 17 and 7 women. Several of the victims were killed in their sleep on the first of these shells blasted into 2 houses belonging to the same family. The rest were cut down by Shrapnel from 11 additional shells strikes after rushing outside the wascaped the early morning bomb barredment which gave up. It just hours after the Israeli defense force announced it was withdrawing from a BC 10 after a week long hunt for Palestinian rocket launch crews. Oops. Oops. Israeli leaders expressed regret and lost an immediate investigation of the circumstances of the attack which in June 15 Palestinians making it the worst single day tragedy of its kind in four years. Palacin and leaders declared a three day strike of morning a mid-falsal revenge from militant leaders in Gaza, the West Bank and Damascus. The bloody scene at Bait Hanun was early reminiscent of the explosion-rised June that killed eight members of a Palestinian family enjoying a picnic on a Gaza beach and event that soon spiraled into tit-for-tat kidnapped, things in counter-retax that culminated eventually in these bills roared the less beneath militant group has blot tit-for-tat. A probe of the beach blast here in the Israeli army of any wrong doing including a Palestinian and planted explosive was likely caused. A mid-wide-skid international condemnation yesterday military officials appeared to acknowledge responsibility for the showing which they described as preventative fire intended to strike a suspected Palestinian rocket launch some 500 meters from the town. Oops. That aim. Anyway, it goes out of life. I don't know why it's just too depressing. It's as goes on and on. How's that peace process going by the way? There's another tremendous accomplishment of the Bush administration these almost six years now. What a tremendous job they're doing. Pieces in our hand. And then, of course, what we found out that Henry Kissinger and his fat nose stuck in the middle of all is that was enough to read you for a day of the gas. Triumph and US congressional democratically, who's began to flex their new political muscle yesterday by urging President Bush to host a bipartisan summit on the rack war and find common ground with them on such domestic issues as education and healthcare. House Democrat, leader Nancy Pelosi, instead of democratically to the comatose Henry Reed, said the American people voted for change in Tuesday's elections. I hope that he will listen to those who said a news conference after receiving a congratulatory telephone call from Bush. He either have a lunch right now as a matter of fact. I bet you there, lunch is more a squizzed, more expensive and more delicious than yours is going to be. Probably. I told him last night when I said that I was forward to working in a bar partisan way with him said Nancy, that the success of the president is always good for the country. I hope we could work together for the American people. Reed said it's time to put partisanship aside and find a new way forward at home and interact. Now, if we don't think we can talk about partisanship putting it aside and that will be pitiful. Also the crash. But at a meantime we got the presidential license. Everybody's mind right now even though we just finished up with the other one. Casey, do you want to slate. Macaco was just going to concede a three this afternoon. 1390, man. I don't know any station, 1390. I'm a 1360 WKAT and I don't know how my old buddy said Levins do I'm happy if you will. Whatever it's coming up. Happy somehow. in the year's before Chris Columbus said sale. On the Internet of Pintin, the Synthemerintis, figured that the San Francisco 49ers ended negotiations with the city by building a new stadium and time to move. If you had a team like that, you'd probably invite them to move when you'd actually stink. Yeah. Either the Santa Clara or somewhere else in California, the AP, or in last night, owner John York notified Mayor Gavin Newsom of the team is the season earlier in the day. Team Esqualsman Aaron Salkin declined to comment last night. Messing as he can comment, we're left on the office in South Florida, Lisa Lang, the 49ers vice president for communications. I wonder if Lisa's came to Mike Lang. The sides have been talking over last for months about building a privately financed stadium at Campbell's to point. It was going to be part of the city's bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics. We're going to not know how to 49ers decision would impact the Olympic bid. San Francisco, L.A. in Chicago, R.C. 3 cities competing to be the US Olympic committee choice to bid on the 2016 games. But the 49ers are going to be moving up the road down the road out of the ocean somewhere. Nobody wants no part of them. No more in who can blame them. How the mighty of fall? And since those glory days of Joe Montana and Steve Young, right? Bill Walsh? How the mighty of fall? Take a look at this radio station for example. You haven't talked about George? No. How the once mighty of fall? You might tell that to Joe Bell in the middle of your lunch. You'll probably start in the face and walk out. Well, what was it when the station was mighty? How long ago was that? Was what? My team. Once upon a time in America, the little dog on the morning, we had to mow on in the early morning. We were still sleeping and then we had little dog. I think back in the spring of like what two and a half years ago, spring two and a half years ago, we were still mighty. And now we're like more like mighty mouse. Did any other kids read mighty mouse was that the only one? Everybody like Mickey Mouse? I like mighty mouse. Mickey Mouse sucked. I don't want to get personal. Mickey Mouse? I thought it was never sounds like something that has to do with like Disney World. I snorkeled. You know? Because I'm sure there's plenty of that going on here. What's that mighty mouse yellow? There's outfit boys that use black. Well, I don't want to get into this racial background. I'm talking about his outfit. You know, I got my dear super. And what do you do? Is he like a crime fighting mouse? I don't remember. All the time. Fighting crime. How do I describe him? And only like, you know, 13 every 96 were going to have 14 every voice by the top of the R. B. I want to clank and boy, are we proud of that? I think we got to go for 15. What do you say boys? Not. Why the hell not? No comment. Just mum. Whatever. Dumb and mum and clum. Well, maybe they have lunch at Lums. Hey, there you go. Those hot dogs soaked in beer. Now, when he used to cook the windows and beer at Lums, I remember the lumber. No, the alley burgers. Whatever they were. You better get it right. Mr. You don't sure. I don't know your lungs was a long time ago. I like wags. I know there's more that old stuff. See, these touched today. They're thinking, what's all of these guys talking about? I bet your dog hasn't been around for many years. Now either. Hasn't. No. That's not the right thing. I know. I like dogs. I'll say it again. They even used to, not why they put cheese under the bottom of the menu on the food items. There was cheese on your seat and cheese on the check and cheese on your back door when you walked out. That's because it was on the seat again. Dulse. Those are the days, baby. Lots and lots of good places. And not that's around a few good places now. But 1256-560 WKOM. If you're expecting guests to this holiday season, then it's a great and a smart time to call down on my first. This may be a one easy call. I'll take care of your problems. 1-800 mattress. Plus, it's down on mattresses 30th birthday and a celebrate down on mattress. And Simmons are offering you the worst price of the year on the best selling Simmons VD West pillow top. You can choose from South Florida's biggest slurkin. Simmons VD West would say they delivered like always. I've been using down on mattress for years and I would never ever recommend buying a mattress any other way. This may be the one easy call. I've 1-800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices of the world when you service with no nonsense. And an unbeatable delivery deal that nobody in the world will think of matching. With down on mattress, you just choose the date and time for delivery and they show up when you want them to. Any day the week seven days from 8 in the AMD 10 PM. Even the same day that your call just given to our window. So you don't have to sit on your ass all day long hoping somebody might show up. Dilemma for reading delivers. That's why they're ranked number one of the world of customer satisfaction and why everybody at QM uses Dilemma for us. On the web give a look at mattress.com or make that one easy call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES leave off that last as because it stands for sensational stew pandas saving. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon for its radio 5-60 QAM. Now it's quite a game last weekend. We'll be blessed down here. You know there was a time and radio and sports was relegated to just a minute or so of the five or six o'clock news. You know, your weather reports. Well that was back in the day. Radio stages were formatitude, mental chain and audience. Yeah, and either do we. But in terms of sports I mean now we're blessed. So that's the kids. Oh, that's right. Sorry. Hey, listen, I got to use a toilet for a minute. You mind the hold on. Thanks. You're what we call in the business. I'll hold over. Yeah, I guess hold over. So you are mind the fire. Okay, I'll be right back. I don't believe that you're back. I don't believe you. You know, outside us for us, there's really nothing else going on. Yeah, I mean nothing else I can get. I know. Nothing. Nothing else should be of any concern. It's comfy here inside our little box. Yeah, it is. Well, that's just a girl. I can't have the same does. Yeah, so what do you think this morning? Oh, how do you like this coffee? You know, I got a little train in your coffee. Oh, I should get this. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be back with more of a mountain show that there are three of our sport home only join on sport, radio, five, sixty two eight. Okay, no problem. Still there. Yeah, that was the coach. Oh, man. So tell me something. Yeah. When you say the word coach, you just can't say coach, right? Yeah. We say coach. That's dignity and reference. Yeah, coach. You're going to hit. Yeah, let's get coach, be a five of the position. Yeah. That's right. All about the game, right? I don't want to kiss. Yeah. You're free. Yeah. You're free. And our hearts will fly away. Okay, so that's just a pleasure reminder for George Lonez is lunch with Joe Bell that will come to cut the crap with his long ridiculous rejoins. It's the first item on the agenda. Good. Not just shorten them. Just get rid of me know. Do like a three second like any real radio station. Catch the night dogs. You're mad as two to four to the south and a weekdays. You know, QM. That's a five second plan. It's all we need. Right. Anyway, get back to the head Bradley, which by the way, CNN is just like foaming at the mouth of this. And Bradley died with sixty five year leukemia out of my sign on the earth. And I hope at the end that he knows that. I really hope he knew that. And anyway, let's see, he covered the Paris peace talks for CBS news in 72 transfer to Sargana, cover the ward via NAM. He spent time in Tom Pan covering the war in Cambodia. There was always quite a controversy about that about how you pronounce that. NAM Pan or Pan Pan. But anyway, it was Pan Pan. Just a firm pay. A lot covering the war. He was interviewed by a mortar round. He had scrapped no wounds to his back and arm. I bet you can also. I didn't. In 1974, Bradley moved to Washington, he covered the Carter campaign in 76. What was the important part here? Oh, here it is. In 81, he joined the staff at 60 minutes when Dan rather left to replace water contact as the anchor of CBS TV news. He was the first and today only male correspondents directly wearing airing on the 60 minutes show. He had his left ear appeared that her lot of rumors about it. He left his left ear pierced in 1986 and says he was inspired to do it after receiving encouragement from somebody following an interview. I don't want to tell you her name right now, but I give you some clues. Okay. Narotic. Can't sing. Barmer. Barmer. Barmer. Barmer. Barmer. Barmer. Barmer. Barmer. Narotic. Good sing. Oh, Judy Garland. Liesmanel. Very good. See it didn't take too many hints there. Too many clues. Just a bag bag. I go to got it right away. Now you would have said, let's say, let's say, let's do it. You're right. Or Lynn Samuels. 14, 15 votes on the pool. I think we got our real serious. Have he do to shot a 15? What's two days in a row on a show? That would be unbelievable, man. That would be something he talked to Joe about and be sure to tell that Josh said that we're getting a real spike on there in the midday on the QA and website. A lot of people listening online even on that website. Forget about the Zidians or listening on the arages.com or at least over a thousand every day. You know we had over 13 hundred yesterday and then they may not not like sound like all that much, especially when you consider that some of the people even in South Florida listen online because their radio reception inside like if they're in a building. It sucks. You know what I mean? What do you mean? So thank God that we're streaming it. That's what I'm saying. Keep streaming it. And of course every time I say that then within minutes we have technical problems and the thing goes down. You know, that's the way it works. That's the way it is when the engineering department hates your show. And other people in the building. So I looked at the CBS website figuring out, well yeah, I wanted to see what they were saying about it. Bradley Dyson, he worked for them for about 100 years and I found nothing. I found something but not connected with that Bradley. Don't you find that a little bit unacceptable? Okay. Well, let me just do a CBS news one moment please. I mean, I just can't believe that. I just found it fairly interesting story about CBS is hunting for the next you. Sure. It's kind of interesting story which I'll get to in a minute. But let me just see CBS news breaking news headlines from my video from CBS news. I'm clicking on it. Oh, server couldn't be found. Try again. I don't want to try again. I want it now. You idiots. Jesus. God Almighty. And you want to know why don't you? Why? Probably everybody in the world is. Oh, I don't know. Look at that. Oh, here it is. Finally, the second story. New CBS doctor show three pounds weighs in. That's the lead story. That goes to show you. After all, as you as a working massage off on all those stories and risking his life in Vietnam and Iraq and everywhere. And this is what Bradley gets is like the second story underneath some stupid anshow and it's like about it's a short story. What is the gym web the next is a senator from a Virginia. 34 lovality has reported that to the people in North of their cameras and gym web's lead and this great head was around to 8,800 inside. So, if you close the margin is so wide, with public resources, let's go down and take a public of leaders in the campaign in the area. Have recommended to him that perhaps this is the time to continue to. You're on the town of Kakow, which is okay you're done. You've finished your had it. Okay. Go in a swim in the end. We're all up and down the hood. CBS is looking to buy the next you. Just which site that will be as they've been in the other question. The front one is going to be blanks. We've lost 6 million hours of video. Blip TV, look.tv or V-HO. Also there's a start-up called the Venice project, which could launch before the end of this year. Do you realize we've only, well I'm sure you do, but I mean the average person out there doesn't stop and think about it. We've only scratched the tip of the iceberg on the internet. That's right. Leslie Moondes of CBS chief executive says they have plans to buy the next video sharing site. They have hired investment banker Quincy Smith to find the next you. In an LA time-yard called Smith said I appreciate the pressure that companies named the president of their new interactive division. And now that we have Josh's mother is out of the beastly interactive division, wow, God only knows what kind of crap we're going to come up with. According to the Times article, CBS has three billion dollars to burn to try to make a move on the digital media front. They have three billion dollars to burn. We'd like to burn some of that. Georgia like to burn some of it is bomb. Right. Right there. The bus around in the next trend in digital media is sites that will team with legitimate media to create the next big video giant. They make a sense. There's like a word missing in their body, expect from these people. The days of video piracy are on their way out. This commercialization of web video will be great for big business. The main office will wait for viewers who don't want to watch more ads. Media companies like CBS are going to find internet assets that will be good for them in a long term as more and more advertising dollars are moving away from TV and rated the internet world, the more valuable video sites will be cut. And an interview with my Kudak from Blut.tv told web pro news that he saw video content changing from what you do to us, the more side software, episodic original content, which is what bliped.tv does now. He didn't think any company out there want to go through the legal issue of copyright infringement like Google's encounter with their purchase of you. So the other reason I read that story is so I can play a lot because I thought it was an error. Sure. It was moderately interesting but it had a lot. And the audience likes hearing. I'm sure they do. It's right up through out. I like it. 1425 votes on the poll. I think we've got a real serious shot at the 51500 number today, 1427. And it's not really a great. Yeah, exciting poll. How sad is Friday? Are you with the election results? I'm ecstatic for it in 51. I'm happy 437. I'm squeezing myself 326. I don't care 105. They still refuse to care. I'm not happy 63. I'm still a side of 29 and I'm still voting on that. I'm voting their brains out of you. That's why they don't have anything. And I hate this poll. Only 16 only 1.1%. Boy, a 1 1. There's some people who'd be dying to get to a 1 1. You know what? You're mad. You know, you're going to start me to do that to say that. When you're really hurt and man, when you're really trolling for an audience out there and you want to build up for a solicitation and get some word amount of promotion going to say, and that was really a great show. You hear a song soda and then you put no. It was like, like, shouldn't yourself in the foot and the ass. Speaking of feet, treat your feet like they're a part of your body. They're actually your feet are probably one of the most important parts of your body. And Brandees will take good care of your tussies. They carry all the top brands in the shoe business 4 Shime, Echoma, Fista, Rockport, Hushpuppies, new balance, which I absolutely love. Let me say it again. Absolutely love. And tons of other names, brands in all sizes from my and women. And Brandees that even carry your wide width and hard to find sizes, if you've got really very bizarre feet. And believe me, I'm sure a lot of you do. Brandees uses the largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida. And when you see the slush and invaluable you get a brandees and the great personal service they give you, you all understand by I've raved about them for years. Go see our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure you get to write a good news for your feet at the right price every time. Brandees shoes are located at 1290 North federal highway in poverty. We try between Atlantic and Hope and's roads on the East side. Can't miss it. Open Monday through Saturday, till 9 and even every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupidus a smart time by four Shimes of Brandees. Save 10 to 20 bucks a pair. So be sure to get your buddy into Brandees this week or just do your shoe shopping right there on their website at brandeeshoose.com. The best challenge to the business wheel rotors for Shwitio 560. Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. Back home. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. You're going to have a look at the market. I'm going to ask you this question. Maybe I'm stupid. I keep thinking of Fertwich, dying at the track in Pompano Park. What was that about a year ago? They're about. When you die and I've heard this and I really don't know. I don't want to think too much. I don't want to think too much. You're going to have to say something. I've heard the same thing. You're going to have to say something. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. I've heard the same thing. Maybe you go hunting with the canyons. Maybe a good idea. If they say turn around his fur and play that, it will be a martial uses to send the Hollywood squares. You're still not going to be a martial as they do. Yeah maybe. When he's John Bolton with that grotesque Mustang. Timacratz and a bipartisan fashion. He was insisting on. Over there that one house sends Bolton nomination to set a committee. They're trying to jam it through there now, I guess. Wow. At any rate. 14, 150, four, we need 46 votes in. What we got 20 30 minutes. That's this is really more than one a minute even some kind of a candy I show could do that Even he showed that's got that honest against Get him out of there get him out of there man Well, he's off the buffalo now. They have Panthers gonna give killed by the Sabres Maranai. I need to say that But it just the Sabres are pretty good team. They're on fire Panthers on the other hand are like a hard to hide to put a finger on it They are India's new tax collectors Vancing and singing to the beat of drums about 20 unix in bright stories begin going from a shop to shop Asking the owners to pay over to municipal taxes in potten of a capital of Bihar one of India's most impoverished and lawless states 20 unix in bright stories I'm sorry to hear that they were heard by Panthers municipal corporation yesterday after the sees tax are rears random of the millions Said the municipal administrator out to a facade Revenue officials are company the unix with tax records to settle the outstanding of our weirs on the spot Indian rulers once castrated boys to create unix to work in their herms But unix to the our generally meals with partial generals or whoop per castration because of strong female feelings They often make a living on tips for dancing at weddings and blessing newborn babies and are believed to be stubborn and not not take no for an answer Unix The new tax collectors have met with the considerable success on their first day of the new job They collected 90 240 bucks the West from shop owners sent barba charma a revenue officer We're confident that the reputation and persuasive skills will come in handy for the municipal authorities to collect taxes from the fathers You go to the door and who standing outside a little door The unix did not give an assaltory and said we see four percent of the amount of collect from the folders only 2000 patent nearly half-min and residents regularly pay property taxes water charges for sod said tax collection is To 200 million rupees 4.34 million a year from the anticipated 15.2 million the unix will be asked up to like outstanding taxes from private home So and of course that they failed to comply somebody will probably finish the job on the partial Unix What is the up-to-stop caveman So easy even a caveman He's your got a rough life man a caveman. He's always peo. You know pissed on a startup to bed Got a crappy altitude Although he did day out learn to stand upright in the inventor wheel wasn't good. Sorry. I couldn't get that tea suitor Yeah, faster. I thought we're sitting a caveman with a really crappy attitude 1450 animals and a poll. I bet if I were a fresher would get over 1460 Wow that would be a real feather in our camp. We're so well on a way to 1500 and see Josh's tell me Oh, I'll go for 15 you'll never make it fat so the nobody said twice Now here should give me that good news this morning that was extraordinarily You know uplifting and exciting not I mean out of vinyl you won't give me any number because it's too embarrassing to tell me how many people I started listening online you can probably got the stats page right there don't you it looks at it all day long. I'm sorry What? Listen you just took over that thing again You read took it over QM.com that website was allowed to go into you know I mean we we have 1460 votes on our poll right now that's more people than have gone to QM.com since they started the website Wouldn't surprise me. Oh sorry, Clarence For 20560 Where are the exploding ball you've seen him on channel 7 years first as a two bit report now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Bay baker and Mary gays combined Rick Sanchez Here are the dozen tones of the man who brought you crunching Rick Sanchez Richard Richard Stages Sit I'm seeing I saw it bassه guys- It's one show you all want to miss that Cragad one. You love his audience. Of course you may. 14 and with 71 votes we got 20 minutes to go. We'll get that 50 and we're going to look at it. Speaking of what an amazing amount of about guilty. He's about one in six billion when you think. So speaking of that. Yes. Thanksgiving. We're all off the hook. There's Dolphins pre game going on. I wrote a show and you're invited to participate if you would like to. I was a little joke. Unjouxious part of sure. I'll be a good buying that day. Because it's not a holiday here. So won't be jam packed like on Canadian Thanksgiving. Because people have to work here. I won't be working that day. I will not be participating in the offense pre pre the best pre game show. You know what really frost me among other things about C&N many things. But when we'll flip, we get to honor. They're all part of the best political team. All the internet crappy does. And last time they said that was on crossfire. The best little political briefing. And of course that's all for you. So we can only hope that the rest of C&N follows right in the footsteps. Except of course we're candy, Cowley, and our good friend Susan Candy. Of course you could take kind of students to make one of our candy. But never let's do you have to chop her up to do that? And that's a lot of candy. Well there's a look at that. Godly men appointed to oversee your hand. I'm interested in it. There are a couple of things that need to be done. First of all the people who chop his balls off. I have to know him. When I entered into a relationship with President Clinton, it wasn't out of the blue. We had an ongoing relationship. We were friends. And so there was an ability to kind of get beyond those initial presentations of self where it's so easy to snow somebody. A lot of counseling. The person being counseled is able to snow the people. Yeah, I'm talking one thing. When it comes to snow, the bush crowd. They know that the white powder. John Kimberlin hopes to light a fire under his idea of using manure to produce heat and electricity. This is in Waki, Iowa. When we just talked about Iowa this morning, yes, we were. I'll be there. I'll be there. What comes around goes around. So we're off on Thanksgiving Day, Josh. And George is off. He's off that week. And what about today after Friday? I think of this school day. What does that mean that you got to go to school? Oh. Kimberlin and Waki Iowa believes he is perfect at a small scale furnace that can be used on farms and raised tracks or anywhere else livestock waste piles up. Like a few a.m. There's a lot of craft all over that place. And across the street, you can only imagine it. You know what, stew got so many places. 100% fat. It's for the tool me. Not. I wonder if person still busy looking guests for stew gots for the labaster to show over there. In vets has worked to turn manure and biomass into energy and science has saved to make Iowa a major producer of power because they're full of craft in Iowa. The state produces an afternoon to power 325,000 homes according to Western mince from the Iowa Department of Natural Resources. There are also our tax incentives that encourage the development of methane digesters of digesters to create electricity and control over. Kimberlin said he came up with the idea of building a manure furnace. I tell you, I'm real hot days during this past summer. Would I be going out to woodbine? You know, my cab guy would like roll a window down for, I don't know why. He's too cheap to run the AC. But as you're pulling in like where the stables are, it would buy him. What about him? You see where I'm going to the stables? Yeah. And I really hot summer's day, man. Oh, could just knock you right off your ass. Anyway, Kimberlin said he came up with the idea of building manure furnace from the tons of horse manure in his farm west of the Moine. He needed to find somebody to get rid of it. But he said he couldn't spread it on land without contaminating the water and hauling it away would be too expensive. Kimberlin did some small experiments in spent time at the Iowa State University Library researching his idea. He eventually received a patent and found some investors. So, how'd you like to invest in some good craft? Sure. They form a company called natures furnace ink and are planning to make themselves several of the kinds of furnaces. Probably using several of the kinds of manure. Kimberlin said the company wants to keep the size of the furnaces small so they can be portable. He also said the furnaces will be marketed across the company overseas. We produced locally. We wanted to build them right here to bring the impromnir. I guess if we want to keep them constantly, you know, motorized just to squat on it. That's a good idea. That's what I do it. Just in case you run a little short on your supply. Of course, in this business, we never run a special on this show. We never run shorter on our supply of craft or limited. That's why I'm in so successful. When you're full of craft, it's just rolls on easy man. You could light up the world if they just stuck a tube up your ass. 14 members in the sitting down votes in the pool. We got 23 minutes for 21 votes. Even the skeptics out there are saying, Holy, craft the old man's going to do it again. And of course, is the number on the full rises. That means that our listeners should be just staggering. If Josh wants to embarrass me, tell you about the 82 trillion people listening on WQM.com to this show right now. At least maybe about 30 minutes. I'm coming up there, many. Now, if you have like a stance page on it, like we do on our website, yes, we do. Yeah, and pretty embarrassing. So you don't have to give out any insight or information. That would be better if we put you in a real, you know, well, it's classified. I could tell you that. That's a kill. Classifying my ass at oughta be as in big and fat. Wow. It's a big classified information. Boy, you are a real panic. How many lines do I have to buy to that? It's a classifier ass. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. Yeah. Two pages of whole telephone book. Yeah. 1481, man. See, I don't know. I never really thought we should shoot for. We didn't even, we didn't even beg, we didn't plead. We didn't have to get up on our hind legs and so please vote on our poll today. It's not very sunny. Maybe I'll come up with a good one for tomorrow or maybe not. Maybe I'll go back and use the oil. We don't have any polls. Sean, after a really good batch last time. Sean said it's a good batch. Oh, you know, I need to mention again before we do the break. That. As for PIVA service, BSO deputies will be conducting the EY saturation patrols tomorrow. Friday, November 10th, from approximately 830 tomorrow night till 5 o'clock Saturday morning. In the years of dear field beach, Palpatum Beach and Oakland Park. And then again Saturday night, November 11th, from approximately 830 PM till 5 an a.m. And the following morning, Sunday morning. And the, uh, and I see this is, that's not very specific. The following morning is that mean Sunday morning or Monday morning. Huh? If you don't understand it Saturday, November 11th from 830 PM till 5 a.m. The following morning, I said okay. In the areas of out and corporate essential, Bradford, Palpatum Beach and Oakland Park. Just bad reading on my part. Well, after you read 50,000 stories for Krenela, how long can he keep this up as long as I feel like it? I think it's quite a story. I did this seven months before one time, remember, was that the phones down? And we did take a call a week or two ago. Remember that call? No. Okay. Okay. Anyway, so this information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate in Fred and House of the Selective and Force Man activities. They're going to be checking your breath, your DUI or any other whole thing. Going to be taking a look inside. We've got a long queue. We'll be looking in there to see who's been naughty and nice. So we just passed that along and don't let me forget tomorrow again too. All right, before the weekend, though. Of course tomorrow, you'll be your blood sugar is going to be so high. You probably won't be either one year. Won't be trustworthy. They do get it all, you know, all the information. Because you got all that ice cream coming from Jackson's and get in, those put long Weanies too. Now, can you imagine if I was there and Joe Bell's given me the sign of the answer about Or you're not going to stop it and see us, no, I'm not. Be sure and pass that along to him. Okay. If he will never let his eyes on me as long as he lives and I will. I will tell him. I thought there aren't people that I, you know, I'm missing there like you guys, but Not that much. No, I understand. I know what you mean. We have your picture. I remember. Yeah, that's right. I still look the same except for the real short here, you know. Fat. Yeah. I need 4. Oh, you also have these. What? You're going to have to have to have it. 194.6 and you're something that's less than yesterday. The biggest thing. Woo, best talent. This is for your launch Chris. For video 5-16. You a. M. Here's I'll show you my. Tonight on NBC, but after fear factor, it's the evening girls things show. What's the. What. What. What. Oh, that. They're all. They're eating gross things show. Join host Joe Rogan as he coers his ordinary people into devouring the disgusting delicacies for cash and prizes. Alright, the first item on the main is something that she's got in my cash. The dinner box. Oh, my gosh. Don't be worse, he's mad. He's never been over for it. It's still warm. Yeah. Oh. May as we take in the most reporting part of fear factor, and maybe they do a revolting weekly varies. The eating gross things show. Okay. Powered down the cat crack. Now it's time for the second course. Take a look at this. Oh, no. What the hell is that? Dude, have a shit machine boiled monkey calling before. Oh, no. Just one thing. Then you'll be hooked on the eating gross things show. Alright, for me to you. Time to meet with Thomas Twig. What's there's nothing for an ass right, Joe? Yeah, for long. Oh, man. Oh, man. God, Joe. We have a two-feeding gross thing show. Because there's no shortage of idiots out there willing to do anything to see on TV. On Apple TV, 145 and Bradley by the way, was divorced from his first wife, and he was married to Patricia Blanchet at the time of his death. And he's mentioned that in the book. The city of Los Angeles, speaking of eating gross things, his paying $2.7 million to settle lawsuit from a black firefighter, who spends his effort racial discrimination after co-worker served him spaghetti, laced with dog food. What brand? What did you do it? I don't think it says that. The L.I. City Council has probably ward yesterday at 11 to 1. 2.7 million. When you eat little dog food, some alcohol when you're spaghetti for 2.7 million, I need to hold sack. Can. In his lawsuit, firefighter, 10 appears, if you want to say, you took a bite after you took a bite or of the meal two years ago. He noticed the other firefighter is laughing their asses off. He may have known what was in the food after a second bite, but nobody answered they were all in fire. Police appears that he suffered retaliation for reporting the incident in verbal slurs, insults and derogatory remarks, including taunting by a firefighter of firefighters. I didn't say what you thought. No, you're taking post. Firefighters, barking like dogs, and asking him how to... Hogogfood takes it, lawsuit said. You never saw any firefighters? David Wellman, professor of University of California, said it crews, everybody, a person is attorney, said the association of a black man in dog food, resonates with the deep historical roots of slavery and, of course, bonding dehumanization. It's not just silly stuff. It's racially motivated, he said. I never really thought about that. I never thought that black folks are so about, I've thought that old people who eat on a like garbage cans, and eat by dogs. Sure, poor people, right trash. There you go. As part of the settlement, the two captains involved were given one month off of the pay, and a firefarter was ordered off for three days without pay. I truly hope that my case will make a difference for African Americans in the L.A. Fire Department, Pearson, and it will be no elbow no more. It doesn't say what brand. That takes a good part of the fun out of it for crying out loud. No way, camping in somebody did that act. What did the fire party? 15 hammer six votes on the pole. Wow. You see, you probably thought we knew 15 yesterday because it was like today after election day, and everybody was all whipped up about the results and you know what I was going to say about it. And whatever, you know, wrong. Wrong. Maybe they were. I don't know. Maybe they're still a carryover because our pole is about that. To be very honest, you know, we don't really care what's the topic of the pole is or what the result is. Just we get a lot of votes, okay, to make us feel good. Like it was really worthwhile showing up today. Isn't that how you feel about it? Yeah, sure. Yeah, really. Well, I'm sure Joneson for more that low-car pasta. I'm not going to better not do it though. Tell me, it's a bad combination with me. It's spaghetti and ice cream. Well, don't eat them together. I always do them. I'll do them. Turn in those ubiquitous campaign signs and get some free food. See now we're getting food intensive. Now they're getting ready to get off of your hair. Food intensive. That's the message from southeast restaurant chain. Sticky fingers which I never heard of my life. You hear sticky fingers? That's the restaurant, no. Which is offering a free appetizer to anyone who cleans up the campaign clutter and brings in a campaign sign. Just think of all those leftover campaign signs as oversized roadside gift certificates that sticky fingers co-owner Jeff Goldstein or steam or Stein. It's an easy way to help take care of our neighborhoods. The Charleston-based ribs restaurant will offer coupons for a free appetizer. Two next Wednesday, the chain operates 17 restaurants in the Carolinas, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida. Although I have a feeling that probably sticky fingers ain't the south photo design. They were heard of it and you ain't ever heard of it. Josh, you ever heard of sticky fingers? They are food joint? No. And if we ain't never heard of it then how could it happen? Well, there's a lot of places that no come to south photo. I mean, I often encounter sticky fingers but not the rest. I don't want to give into it. I don't want to hear about it. You talked to Joe about it. I will. 15, and 13 votes. In fact, when you have lunch day, you might want to ask Joe about his organ problem. I'll let him smell my fingers too. Oh, geez. And he'll let you smell his organ. All right. A new synagogue has been open at the heart of the German City of Munich. 68 years after Nazi dictator and off of the orders predecessor torn down. The sacred Jewish scrolls of the Torah were pointed to the streets to the cubic building in the city center. Is that cubic? Munich. Never been there at Munchen. Well, I sure loved Germany, man. Who had to tell you again how much I loved Germany, especially Berlin and Colom. A new synagogue, I'm going to see another not so much hamburger and much less Frankfurt, like Louis Maracco. This is not good. The new synagogue in the Gagges scene is a symbol of the rebirth of Munich's Jewish community, which was all by white out by the Nazis in WWII. The ceremony comes 68 years after the Nazi crystal-nost anti-dupe program. Crystal-nost night-a-broken glass was a nationwide wave of assaults on Jews near property in Germany, and preceded a Holocaust for those of you which were memories, bad nouns of history or just stupid. German president Horst Colmer was among hundreds of officials and religious leaders at the synagogue inauguration on Thursday today. The synagogue bears the name of its predecessor, or held Jacob. Jacob's 10th. Oh, hell. Why don't I happen to my friend Jacob? Jacob. Constructed the synagogue along with a Jewish community center in the museum, because 71 and a half euros, a point of vision, I'm sorry. I thought, well, they should build that on the cheap. 91.4 million dollars. So, 90s we have a Jewish dollar venue, the country's second largest Jewish community. At the ceremony, President Cobra warned that still today, our dream of a normal Jewish life in Germany, classes with the reality that there's open and latent anti-Semitism, and that the number of violent acts motivated by right-wing extremism is rising. It is the duty of all of us to give involvement back to prevent the people being abused and even murdered through their religion or gender or appearance. He said, quote it by word as news agency, I'll let's do it like a little wolf, then it's okay. You know, those little unix. Who's Tiffany Unix? Tiffany Unix? Yeah. What's up, somebody? Yeah? Who is that? Like somebody they got killed or something, I'm thinking. Get out of here. You're crazy for us. Let me out. I don't know if it was Tiffany. I'm growing up in the mean. All right. Somebody famous that we should know right after that. Do you mean Tiffany Unix? I spoke a lot. Oh, that was the rule that was beaten the death by what you call it. I don't say. There you go. Say, Roger. In fact, there's a website in honor of Tiffany Unix, who is a beaten central and a bloody, but he just rastly. Yeah. Yeah. Psychic crap. Just rastly. Let's say. The way goes. Now, this next, our last commercial break, that they should be a real good lesson on Life, a listenership to a parents and the inter audience out there. When you have lunch with Joe today, tell him what I'm sticking is if they can start selling five and ten seconds spots, we can do a speaking of Unix. We can do like 100 units in each break. That's a good plan. I mean, it'll still be the same like the time. We finished the audience to be like in a Coleman. The past time, I'm so blessed to have asked for the basis for your Rogers. We wish we no more like 60. And it's day out of the town of Black at five six. So, W.U.A. So, we were out on our first break. After he had a big weekend, half day. So, I thought we were driving in my car. He said, we'll go down all the tourist moments away. I asked for his two-packed bun, cheese. Then she turned around. He looked at me and said, we're no more like. We're no more like the family that girls know. But I didn't have the owner, he ate it. He was like, oh, didn't have my hand. And so I'm also so sad. So I'm like, get some air. So like the fish died in bed. Girl, so far. Girl, so far. She kept her jelly that girls know. But I didn't have my heart. I heard another deadly sword. Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt. I heard her mouth again, her back. We just didn't matter the time before another attack. So I asked if you could go to the gym. That she looked back in. And then she called me and said, we're no more like girls know. So far. Girls know. So far. Girls know. So far. So I did. So far. So far. Girls know. So far. Girls know. So far. So far. So far. So far. So far. But I knew. Bye, bye, bye.