Well, they remember he oroders in Detroit. Yeah, yeah. That's what I heard, my good buddy Dick Pertten. Yes, he came by. I just turned 100. Nice gone Dick. He just got elected to the radio hall of fame. They just reopt his contract for another 400 years. He's a legend. He's the right. He used to have a place in Santaville, a winter place in Santaville. I only used to call me on the earthy mountain. He said, yeah, the point he was telling us, you had a place actually. Well, maybe what Santaville? He said, Mark O'L Allen. What else? Same craft. Same deal. Yeah. It's all a go-im-go. So it's not bad here, otherwise yet. Well, it was, well, let's see, 48 here yesterday. We had the warmest January in history in Toronto. Yep, it was in the low 40s here. Yeah, up to there. And it's going to be a bug bug. It's going to be pretty decent all the rest of the week. They're calling for snow flories, but so what? So flories. Yeah. That's the operative word flory, like the old flory. How about those? A pantheries. Thank you very much to the organization for letting the leaves break their losing streak last night. Thank you so much. We needed that bad. Oh, it's been getting desperate here. Every time they have a chance to get close to that eight spot. They were always, well, what did I tell you? They got no character, man. They got a gagging and choking and the puking, and just hear those sounds. When he started last night, it looked to me like they were about 15 people in there, but then they came in late. Whoever came up with the idea of starting those games at seven ought to be shot. Oh, speaking of ought to be shot, your friend Greg Co. Texas got that finalist pull going in the hurl today on his blog. Yeah. And give them a nice head start, so we'll take care of that. Oh, the thing you're running today. You would like my pull yesterday. Oh, was it? Very simple. Who was the biggest A whole new guy who didn't hurt pretty much. Anyway, the year. Dan LaVastard Greg Co. That we also had to who are they, which we had 167 said, who the hell are they? That was pretty good. But Danny Boy beat your buddy Greg via three to one. 613 to 240. Just beat the pants off him. Well, he's more visible. And the other good news is, we got the sales managers departed. Your close personal friend Curtis Raymond Burr, he's gone. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. See? Oh, him. We won't see him no more. Won't see him no more. Did they replace him with somebody? I guess Joe has bringing in some hot shots. I think he's a guy friend of his who's just supposed to be really like a sales person that talks to people. Wow. Yeah. So I was just telling our, uh, ball-headed buddy Troy Strandford, things are going to change real fast around there. Everybody kind of like waffle on this because I think they're going to change. And then when I'm maybe not, and then people start rolling out to door. That's usually a pretty good sign. They're going to be some changes. Yeah. He's, he'd start rolling. Yeah. That's, uh, wow. I live in all of all outbreaks. That's it. Yeah. I used to be mean, but I'm not never there around anymore anyway, I said to my key difference. And I would be every time I went on vacation, there was some crap happened, you know. Like I one time I was on at the airport. And, uh, that was an impact on the side of the pain we offer seven months. And I said, oh, right. Yeah. That was my response. I stayed in Roman extra week or two. So we had to do it. Yeah. Well, we're up here in the beautiful downtown Detroit. We're going over to the media day, festivities over the stadium, try to get some interviews for tomorrow. I know what the point was. I was in the morning, it was probably pretty dark there in Detroit right now, to imagine. Who you picking the game this Sunday? Well, I have Pittsburgh at 25 to 1. Really? So I'm sticking with it. Well, I would think, oh, yeah. No points. Wow. How much did they favor? They're payer by 4.5. By 4.5. And you got it even Stephen. Yeah. So I'm taking the other side for part of it. I would kiss that ticket. Just like Bubba used to say, kiss it. Yeah. That's 25 to 1. Yep. Money into panic, I think. So I was reading all about the, did you read the bushes jokes from, from this, I guess they had some kind of function in Washington this weekend. You was doing a bunch of one liners? No. I mean, I'm in Rumsfeld going to see that movie, Breakstone, whatever it is. Very bad cowboy. Yeah. Too fair. Yeah. That thing. So he's making, I would say somewhat homophobic jokes in public. Well, that's kind of unusual. Yeah. I mean, look at who he's pandering to. Just like his jokes about, he's still doing the thing about. No one fits over here. No one fits over there. He's still doing that stuff. Yeah. Everything's a big joke. And when you're sending other people to get killed and maimed and wounded, they had solid big joke. Even Christian, I'm on poor with that bitches from Sierra, which I can't stand him. Even now, she's like throwing up her arms in the air, which ought to smell really bad. She says, the war is a disaster. It rack is a disaster. What they've made, there's a disaster. The troops, the media now, with the thing that happened with the Babodroth and the Canadian photographer from ABC and all of the other stuff. I just, it's a nightmare. I just mentioned that in passing. Well, that's a lot of it. While your presence making all these jokes in me, and of course they're going to like coordinate a leader today, just in time for the city of Union dressed tonight. I mean, all I could time in, big deal. Well, I'm here with the beast and, uh, how many pounds is the beast lost by the way, and balance for life since I got to tell the public about that. We've been asked to try here. Last check it was about nine, but nine pounds. Not getting my sack this week into Troy. We're not. I see. Well, you're going to get a sack off this account if you don't cut the crap. Because it's just another excuse, you know. Food is much better, by the way, this time around. Yeah, good. Too bad you didn't think about getting the sack with it there. What are they going to fed us it up here? That would have been a good idea. All right. Send the beast the sack. Call Troy, see if you work on that. Or better, yeah. We're going to just take you stay and floored, and they could have said somebody else up there. Wouldn't have been a pig and out. Please. Because with the, you're with Hank, you're going to be pig and out. We don't see each other. We're out the bell. We don't see each other. I'm sure that. Hey, stay and have a little. He's staying 30 miles away. I've stayed in La Vonia 30 miles away. La Vonia, you can go to DRC if we're still there. You go to Wolverine, harness race way, if we're still there. School of craft and middle bell. Huh? Oh, now you're going to bring back. I've said you're great. But faith's not there anymore. So you don't have to worry about eating as skippers table. Well, if only that was my old stomping grounds when the Wolverine was there. That was DRC. Hank members. DRC. I'm sure. First, right. He used to have the trotters and the runners. In fact, once upon a time that was very big a lot of places. I mean, metal and still does it. That was a big track for speed. Yeah. Yeah. The runners run there one there. Right. But, and then, of course, they try to couple more times. And it's just failed badly. In fact, racing in Michigan's in big, big trouble all the way around anyway. I mean, harness race and feet trouble. Somebody told me yesterday that the city is spending a big and dollars. The host is super bowl. Really? Fusted. I mean, it has no money. And they spent a million dollars to bring this thing here. Yeah. Well, let me ask you. Can you imagine the other reason anybody would go to Detroit? No. Now, I sure is how wouldn't. In fact, there are stories that people aren't even with the game that they're going to go to. Last Vegas is overbook the, all the leverage party. That's fair. All those celebrity parties are going to be out there. In fact, I've been invited to watch the game on the big screens at the falls view, but I was just there this past weekend. But, got a special, I got an invitation to go watch it wood vine. But, as you have to tell me, when you punch your guts out, they sure like you like crazy. They invite you to do all kinds of stuff. Yep. So, you can just free meals and bank what's for, you know, a free for a couple thousand. As long as you keep plunging your guts. All right. Well, that's a startling news about the sales manager. Yep. Bye bye Curtis, baby. Don't let the door hit you in the ass and away out. That's one I called. You got it with that. Well, good for you. Well, you, well, you are. Don't be for always because I got it because you met him. Yep. You call him stiffy. I think that's what, that's what sealed his fate. You turned on him like a rat. And deservedly so by the way. Well, and then mad dog speaking of turning, he says whoever's going to do two to six has to be somebody that knew like said, but every day when I heard that yesterday, kind of like rubbed me the wrong way. What do you mean business? I'll take a while because the first of all is business that I do do it somebody out of the building, which he do it himself out of existence everywhere he's ever been. That's number one. Number two, here this, this may come as a great shock to a lot of people. People will listen to whatever they like. Not what I like or you like. They'll listen to whatever they like. Man, do I like that? There you go. Exactly. Well said. Well, we're pretty good about my good buddy Dick Pertn, a big case on lifts for me. He's a great guy and a very great talent. He's one of the few really tremendous talents in this business. I'll have to be through that. Well, you're going to kiss on the lifts? Yeah. Well, how did you happen to see him? Where did you run the camera? He came over us. Really? Yeah. We have a sign here. They sent us with a, you know, something, a illustration, you know, it's all about choices. Yeah, we have a sign, but we don't have a fair head sets of work. Oh, actually. Well, you've got to get your priorities right, Mr. Yeah, but the signs here, that's the important thing. That's the important thing. Now you got it. So what did he say? He came over and said, what? I'm Dick Pertn and he said, he's an old friend of yours. Right. That he, you know, has got to be friends with you when he comes to Florida. And he told us about how you were from here or had spent time here going and had originally worked here. I felt like we were spending time. I'll tell you that. Doing time. Yeah, right. That's what I mean. Two years. I live in Detroit. Well, I live in Southview, actually. That's pretty safe. Yeah. Well, we're okay. We're, we're well secured here. Good. That's good. Don't, don't go outside too much. No. Do not go too. Well, I'm not going to say you were not to go. Just don't go. Don't go. You're free. You're free. Are you? Yeah. Where the hell is that? About a two minute tram ride from here. Okay. That's good. Stay on the tram. Yeah. And then I can look outside. Stay on the tram and keep track of where you am. And I can see the, uh, the wind's a little bit of a seat over my room. Well, there you go. Why don't you get over there for Christ's sake. Oh, I'm going to let him go over there. Take the beast over there. Can tung his guts out on the porch and go on to the Greek town casino. Oh, I see. And what about the beast? You're not going to do a little pungent out there? I definitely am tonight. I'm going to a concert in Pontiac though. Yeah. Meals probably hurt at the group. No, you're not. What I saw now. I saw something from Lincoln Park. I like I haven't heard of Lincoln Park. I got news for it. I heard Lincoln Park long before you ever did because I was watching the videos in Europe. Wait, I like I like your head. You've been nevertheless. What do I know? A dodgering old man like me. Well, listen. Good luck to you guys in the stay safe. Thanks. See you all. Stay out of sight. We'll talk tomorrow. And don't forget you got that banner. See you. See you. See you. For a few times, you was tired. I thought the place of man-dark. She managed. I wonder if any of those writers that were calling, or talk show hosts that were calling from around the country feel stupid having compared the Indianapolis cults to a perfect season. Honestly, I mean all that stuff for that dog that had a weak schedule in the night, things just broke right. This stat and the other happy horse manure. Well, wonder what they're saying and thinking right now, or are you not here from Morgana until the next team runs out. 12-0. Two men. Two sports of the way. We change from 47. I'm switched. We're nearby. 16. Two A M. It's day out. In my enemy town. I'm going to move at 5-6-0. Double U-A. I'm dying on my head. I'm sleeping in the park. Just trying to take a few. I can't help but get in the dark. It's left me black and blue. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing up blood. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I don't know why this happened. I took the close to the head. They took all the way. They were laughing. They left me here for death. I've got a pass. I'm afraid I'm drunk. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I'm lying here. And hearted move. They took those face-to-face. They saw a bad sense. One on like they grew. I can ask the parents' wives. They raised their kids this way. I'm not a present-time. They'll be the price they've taken. What the family jaded with all those other firms. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I was I beaten by teenagers with clubs. Did you buy a city of confrontation with young news about 100 times the soldiers? They have a leader at the Traumalyst in Greece. And the people in neighborhood who were like, oh, it was the... You didn't see that? No. Crazy bastard. You get with big, uh, Elton John Glasses this priest. They get something to one graduate space. Oh, you're a liar. You're a liar. And of course, he's surrounded by all these people who were either were more honest to other kids who were about his, uh, tea-to-file priest. Nevertheless. I just thought of that because I see this thing that somebody facts about on their, uh, pastor and St. Lucy. Yes. Look at him. That. For right of king is dead. I forgot to mention that the Humphor. I guess he knows that. Firstly, and Detroit, he would know that. Probably a big hub of about there. I would think, when you, a hub of blue. A big hub of blue. And of course, uh, the fact that Curtis Raymond Burr ourselves managers exiting, all we can say that is, good luck to you Curtis and bye-bye. There's John McLaughlin with, say, bye-bye. Oh, boy. There's good news tonight is Gabriel Header would have said about 400 years ago. Remember Gabriel Header? No. Oh, yeah, you do. In a previous life, he used to listen religiously. There's good news tonight. So it's good thing to be an old fart. That means you don't have to be around too much longer for all the crap that's going on. That's true. Twelve minutes after 10 at five, 60 WQA, I'm happy Tuesday, Tuesday. I think last time I checked the gang there, Hank and the beast are in Detroit. No headphones, but they got nice little banner that that's just QA. And if they wouldn't had the banner, they'd pertain with any idea who the hell they were. When it comes over and said, hey, say out of that fat slob and Florida, my good buddy Neil. That's nice gesture. He's a good guy. That's just a great talent, but also a good guy. And I'm not a pompous ass like so many. The people in this business. Anyway, great coach, I've says that thing going up on a hero there if you want to vote for your favorite to sports talk a person or your least favorite or your favorite sports station, WQA Amor. Whichever one you like. Why? I said him both. WQA Amor. Whichever station you prefer. Hey, balance for life is done at a gang in just in time for Valentine's Day. Tampa your significant other and yourself, of course, with gourmet meals and snacks delivered right to your door for less than 20 bucks a day. New district of Bees is lost nine pounds. And boy, if a big fat slob like him can do it, he said the food is better than ever. I believe me. This is called the double deal from balance for life. And if you sign up now, balance for life will give you the book. What to eat in the zone? The secrets of the zone diet will recipes and helpful hints. Now you and your spouse, friend or coworker, can both share the benefits and convenience of the zone diet. You'll both get your choice of two meals in total of two snacks. Two bottles of water and two utensil packs. Now that's a double deal. And deliveries included of course. They deliver it right to you. No. Every day. These guys enjoy the weight loss and health benefits of balance for life. You can really enjoy the convenience too. If you know you're going up for the Newton Tuning just eat breakfast and lunch. You can choose each or two meals per day anytime you want. And don't forget, balance for life is the only service that actually lets you choose your meals. They send you a menu every week. You fill out your choices for every meal and snack. And that's exactly what you get in your black sack. Grab a friend right now called to get signed up and start receiving meals and get the book what to eat in the zone from Balance for Life. Call them today, toll free and start losing that disgusting, unhealthy, gross, test-look and fat. One, eight, six, six, two, two, five, 45, 43. That's eight, six, two, two, five, 45, 43. Run the wicked web, balanceforlife.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, 16, 16, 18, 18. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, no. Neil, yeah. Don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. You waved me. It makes the world to me. I feel it and pressing the bill, day. I get my email everywhere I am. I have a time of faith as up to one goal. Send it, we won't go so alone. I'll be in one hour, but, jam, don't take it away. From me, we'll take it away. No, don't take my blackberry. You better keep your damn tails off my blackberry baby. The goal takes my blackberry. No take my blackberry. I'll grab and chew and chew and chew. I use it, pursue what they can. Jack my messages from the attune of roles of terrible. Conceit in my car and compose the tone of the tone. Because all I'm hiding on am I keep from dark cake in wait for me. Don't take it away. No, don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. Blackberry gains like brick, brick, or a solid tear. Nice and my underwear. Big. No, don't take my blackberry. It's here, man, we both. I'm on a constantly, no take my blackberry. I'm calling my crackberry. I'm on a busy, no take my blackberry. I'm a crush that I've found in this busy. I'm a crush that I've found in this busy. Don't take it away for me. Don't take it away. I'll cry like a small baby. Don't take it away. Don't take my blackberry. 10 to 20. And 5, 60 to WQAM. So anyhow, we got to notice we're closing the gap already and at the Greg Co. text pool. That's the most important amount of all. All right. And that money important? We have an over and over. Because they give them a running start over. They're of course Hank being out of town again. You know, nothing worse than a guy that's doing a show from out of town all the time. Telling you. Because then you're always out of touch. There's no doubt. No, but I'm sure that nobody bothered telling. I mean, if he didn't even know about Curtis getting can, I mean, resigning as our sales manager. Then he certainly didn't know about the Greg Co. text. Big runoff folder in a hero all this week. The big who's going to get the purple star in the gold jelly meaner is at the other way around. I can never get there right. Green Jerry, which is her piece back. That's something Jerry Witchard been dead a long time on. Has he? He was about 110 at W. snooze. Hi Jerry, it's Chubby Check it in. Oh, those are the days, baby. W. snooze. There are a lot of people taking the old dirt nap now. You know what? More you think about that. It's getting really, of course you got your issues too. You got your brother and your fat friend and, right, several of these. That really, several fat friends. How about that rich, right? A lot of people ain't to, oh, look at here's the new copy for Drock eyes. That's why I do an inter-wad man. See the best there is no question about. He's a real pain in the ass. And you know the good news, you know I've sound like I'm in such a much better mood today. Why are you saying, haven't even thought about it? Yes, who didn't come in and bug me this morning? No, I know. Clarence. Your boyfriend there, your buddy. Clarence. That one's close. And now that we know the stuff is the one to give my email address to fatboy. Although it was not done out of a malignant, you know, deserted, anything, you know, he just thoughtlessness and stupidity. Guess who got eight Oscar nominations. I'll give you a guess. Yeah, broke back mountain. Oh. The cowboy loves to a broke back mountain. Let the Academy Award feels today with eight nominations of all the best picture. And honors for actor. He led your director Ang Lee. Ang Lee. Ang Lee. I always say Ang, and you say, hey, how about tomorrow? He led your. What's wrong with Jake Gillin? How was he that? I know that the judge preferred his performance by far. By the way, yes, I did not. I did not. A choir to copy of that. Was he there yet? John, he's right there. Oh, I'm here. Well, I understand he had some traffic to few release in 95. I didn't have it. Whoever got the died. The fatality. Well, somebody died in 95. Oh, yeah. In variation man. Four long clothes. He died. Not getting. He did. So, when we just said about. I was a. I'm a. By the way, he dies in the end. His green comes true. Are we stop it? Please. No, I will not. Well, not stop. I got more important movies from to see the Donnie Stinking Darker. It's an excellent movie. You're right about that. That's very, very good. Well, whatever this is, make everybody dies all over the anyway. Right? And at least you have closure, which you always like. You don't like bad things. It leave you like hand and lose loose ends. I recommended the movie to him. And like you didn't tell me what happened. That really does this. He always does that. So why can't you? Why can't you surprise you ruin movies for people? I never do the light. I have light in doing. I mean, that's not going to ruin the movie more. But you know, just he like. He's the angel. He'll walk down the beach and kick. It can take any. He had a job. He looks for some also. And I'm trying to find a good best picture. Are they trimming company, story, company? The ensemble drama crash, which everybody had. And we get a lot of people called and said, well, that's really great. I just got a copy of that yesterday too. By the way, you interrupted me. I was going to offer you something. Yeah. I got a copy somehow magically. I'll do a legal copy and a legal copy of Broke Pack Mountain yesterday. Yeah. And if you would like, I'll burn you and send you out. I want it. I'm sure it's how it would go on. And by the way, I'm watching for free. I'm reading board tier tier list. Shmiddlers. The wife and daughter are going to watch it. I watched crash. I watched it. So it's send these along. I mean, I'm in those are for free. I'm sure you got those. Oh, without it. Oh, there you go. I suppose to these that I'm sending you from Amazon.com. Right. And I'm paying a big bucks for like this. I kind of have bucks. I spent for that whatever that while I am spending the money on the Blight DVDs that I copy. Also nominated for best picture. We're trimming company, story. The ensemble drama crash. The end with our moral chronicle. Good night and good luck. And the assassination through our. The original release. So the original release. We're gonna have a look. Which you're most people with a brain saze. A really piece of crap. And. Why it's even spilled for give the innocie. All this good propaganda. I'm not going to apologize for the assassination. I don't even get an end. But I've heard a lot of really. Bad. Things about an addition which Steven's. Silver Spurler. The Johnny Cash biography. I walked a line. Considered to be likely best picture nominee was shut out. The Joaquin Finley, some reason with his boon, I guess people want to know about these. I have no idea why because it's just another one of these stupid award shows. Oh, are we great man? You were great man. I was great in this. And that was really sensational and I had. Three films were tied with six nominations each. Crash could not good luck and memoirs of Aghisha. Aghisha was shot out in the top two categories. Munich, which had fallen off many awards, endless, pasteur, pasteur, pasteur, loochormor,ception, score well with five nominations of the Colleen Director for St. St. Spielberg. That's just a spielberg thing. See they all got their head up his ass. King Kong directed by Lord of the Rings creator Peter Jackson, earned only technical nominations, losing out an all major categories. George Clooney picked up three nominations. That's supporting actor for his role as a steadfast CI under coverage in in Sirriana. I'll get that to you Sirriana. And pasteur actor in the co-writer for a good night. I guess the night in Good Luck is probably on a TV now when you think I would imagine. I'm going to go get it today. I mean, it's not one of those that I would go into theater to see. I am going to wait till it's on. I want to see it. But because having a known Edward Armero who was the epitome of. He actually did say that. Hey, listen, even the guy like him made a mistake. He's reading the A.O. He's reading the escrow on Aaron. He said, he is the epitome of whatever. Very bad, very embarrassing. Especially while it's puffin' wind and dim cancer sticks. It was the first time ever that a content was honored with acting in directing nominations for two different movies for George Clooney. Son of Betty Clooney. Come on in my house. My house. Come on. Everybody Clooney. Of course not. She's dead. Come on. Sure. And I'm sorry. I say Betty Clooney. Rosemary Clooney. Excuse me. Now wait a minute. We see this son of Betty Clooney. Rosemary Clooney. Rosy. That's good. Rosemary Clooney. Come on in my house. Betty Clooney was her sister. And I think she was once married to Jose Ferrer. Rosemary Clooney. If I'm not mistaken. He had a nose for the good stuff. Along with best actor, contender, ledger, and directing nominee Lee, broke back potten's score nominations for Michelle Williams's supporting actress. And you love her. Yes, I do. Jake Hill and Hollis supporting actor and Josh loves him. And Larry McKeison, uh, Donnie Darko, where he dies, me and. And Larry McKeir, and Diana, was son of her screenplayed action of end-prools, proves a short story. What are by the way, you know, Heath and Michelle are getting it on. They're getting together. Well, I'd like to say, oh, no, he doesn't. He's boring. The acting categories were mixed up from a girostre faces such as Pestwin as Judy Densh, Rams with stench and Charlie's their own. We love a lot. Veterans like Clooney with a string, Rachel Wides from that awful awful, all horrible movie. David Stathoy, Aaron, and Felicity Huffman. And young performers such as Williams and Amy Adams. They'll see more often the best actor favorite, who's remarkable embodiment of compote George Liger in the best actor category. But it'll be put a book about it. There you go. So there's your Academy Award nominations. Hey, are we great? Didn't we do a fabulous job? We'll get all dressed up and do it up and see who looks so really the sloppiest and crampiest and who looks the best. All the other girls. They award shows us leave me limp. All of these things. But you will watch the Oscars won't you know, no, not for a second. No. Okay, I keep trying to get to my stuff, but I will eventually. I want the audience to get really involved there where that Greg Coatex. Go to Miami. Miami, her way. On at the front page there and go about three quarters of the way downwards as blogs. And went under Dave Barry's blogs, which I can't believe that Dave Barry still alive. Greg Coatex, rambling some a stupid mind or something like that. And right there's a big man he really built this one up. The finals. Seven ninety against five sixty. A few A.M. Very a fair and very, you know, a good running star. But I think we're going to kick their ass eventually. And it's as very important to us, by the way. Or his more false from Sean. Thank you, Sean. You demand Sean. And I'm not doing that crap about work. We're leaving this one on here today. We can add some more under it. I'm getting back into that rotation. Get away ahead of myself. I'm saying. Not a good idea. Twenty eight past ten. I'll tell you what is a good idea to go on. Gee, you will fantastic meal this weekend. But you lived your downtown for a lot of day. Or not. I want to tell you about a restaurant that's worth a drive from anywhere in South Florida. Tara, stake in lobster house, which recently opened their second location. On the 17th, speed causeway in prestigious for a lot of day. You can find Tara and there really is a Tara. She's there every night greeting guests at a new 200 C restaurant. Lounge probably bringing East Coast residents. The same unique terror dining experience which earned her. Mark O' Island restaurant near perfect. Marksons again surveyed a wine spectator. Ward of excellence. Why list now boasting over three of the 80 selections from the world's greatest wine regions. The main attraction to Tara, stake in lobster house is just as the name was. Suggest to you. Stake and lobster. But they also do a fine job with everything on the menu from their cognac and fuse lobster. Bisc. To moms. Crancates to their selection of first seafood and chops. Regreted by many is the Peter Lugers of the South after legendary. The first stake in lobster house incorporates family recipes to complete the menu. Sauses and dressing are made fresh in house every day. Particularly hands selected right-age short lines in accordance with the proprietary method. Are used to prepare their signature a quarter house for one, two, three, or four. Serve cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter. Are you out of the ingredient you food I would hope? I hope. One of these days. I sure hope so. Like that quarter house for ten. Sweet and tender, sooner way to describe the lobster collection that Tara is, which are maintained with tender loving care and spacious tanks. Fed by a bio wheel. Three to six pound may love to as prepared steam, rural, unrequested or stuffed or lump crab meat. Also, available as a complement to the steak selections for the ultimate surf and turf. Don't miss Tara's happy hour every Monday through Friday with two from unscrespected drinks or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from 5.30 to 7.30 when you stay for dinner. Tara's take at lobster house a sensational place that you're going to enjoy the at 14.30, Southeast 17 street, Cosway and Fort Launderedel. Call him tool free from anywhere in Florida at 866. Tara 444. That's 866. TARA444 or visit their website, TaraStakeandLobsterHouse.com. And don't forget, when the subject is great steak, you'll be hearing about TaraStakehouse. It is out of this world. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. 1. 1. 1. 1. A movie comes along that changes the way we look and think about film. This is a film that is made by the film. Here's what people in New York City are saying about pro-back mountain. Pro-back mountain, I love that movie. It's one of my favorites. Literally I tried the entire time and he pledges performance. It was amazing. I love that movie. Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about pro-back mountain. I mean, you see that place. I mean, I don't know. I thought you were hiding. I didn't. The tool got hit. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about pro-back mountain. I'm a guy at pretty far. It's just beautiful. That's beautiful, I'm a real one. How can I have friends eating more? It's gorgeous. Fabulous. Fantastic. Here's what people in New York are saying about pro-back mountain. I thought I was going to see how boy movie. And then I'll go to the pub tent and then he just went. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. This winter, one movie is breaking botch office records and connecting with the heart and soul of America. Brokeback mountain has one virtually every major critics group of world. What best picture? Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about pro-back mountain. It's magic. Here's simple magic. They felt this movie. It might fall in my heart. Here's what people in Alabama are saying about pro-back mountain. My god is a couple of diggers in it. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Brokeback mountain. Not for everyone, especially if you live in a square state. Hmm. I'm just looking to see if I can get on a website all of a sudden. It must be some activity on there. Like a lot. Can you, oh there it goes. Finally. First slow. Everything else is popping up real fast light. Just like that. Okay. The next one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The victim. The second one. The first one. The second one. The third. The third one. The second. The second one. The first one. The third one. The second one. The second one. The third one. The first one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The first. The first one. I saw. I saw. radio a personality and of course these are the finals now this is the runoff and of course in our case it's almost everybody had on the first one because he only listed four people from our station in the first place jackass let's see I'm gonna vote for a mad dog because I think he's gonna be the winner and everybody likes the winner right right please your favorite song for look at that man that's 67 0's 47 the thing was think about that once upon a time not that long we had him both well a panel of past your bigger part and then what happened great suit up as usual by the way Greg I'm here a lot of reports about you running around hanging out waiting books and running around your dumper rees like yeah I guess you got something to do and your belts are stay out of his way damn the master 31 and Hank old birthday eight the hump or not off of a great start so you could have pumped that up this morning we didn't know about this maybe tomorrow can pump it who's your least favorite soft photo sports radio personality with a hump right believe is doing very well on that one let me just vote for Sid Rosenberg who definitely will walk out very soon least favorite Van La Baute the hump for 52 look all for the last year just went on top 54 or La Bacheles on top of Hank but I must be uncomfortable I'll take him to the country it's not gonna be judge a leader Edward oh man just just go on a ifshman there and go ahead and miss to the shout out thank god for him with her without the Mary Joe compact me who needed that bitch anyway right damn the bastard 54 had go broke 52 Sid Rosenberg 38 offline number for god nobody ever heard of and Orlando else a Gary only 19 how do you like that he is really rock solid he demand so I guess that's it for right now the most favorite least favorite and we're just kicking their ass now and we'll continue to have like 50,000 votes how do you like that damn Lobaster and Greg Kotakes is worth same guy by the way he did he just take he just puts on the glasses and starts singing and then Dan Lobaster becomes Greg Kotakes you know that I did not that same gun it's cost cutting over the hill they got like it's a two for deal right two columns under two different names of the same jackass correct us got can't who turned a life shattered by her husband's assassination and the one devoted to ensuring his legacy of human rights and equality has died she was 78 young who was a former civil rights activist and was close to the king family I and Riyong told NBC wrote the news during a phone call he made the day today show I was not expecting it she had been ill for the past your months back for first reaction was she was ready to cross on over he said she's ready to cross on over not a great line for the other side no comment asked how we found out about her death young said I understand she was a sleep last night her daughter tried to wake her up and she didn't wake up because she was dating she suffered a serious stroke and heart attack in 2005 which is probably not a good idea if you want to stay alive she was a supportive lieutenant who has been the river Martin Luther King junior during the most tumultuous days of the american civil rights movement she had married him in 53 after husband's assassination and a Memphis on April 4th 68 she kept his female level also raising the four children and but a week but a week but about she got it and pull from more than a decade that has been the birthday of the national holiday and then watch with pride in 83 is present at Reagan signed a bill of law the first federal holiday celebrating in 86 in fact did not take that they off this year yes thank you very much I'd love you thank you for the day off I think I lost my answer would buy my day so like I said she was ready to cross over the other side you heartless and sensitive okay armadillo cafe I thought we opened in may or they gone I don't know well John Luis Gianni no John I hate to break the news to you but if you're with her and lose the end it don't be in the stick and you know is in what's going on in South Florida like me having an opinion armadillo cafe and baby they moved over there to the pizza locked pizzer right okay we're a savings buffet used to be I do believe remember savings buffet or you're a savings buffet bring your teeth in a glass and I think they're still around armadillo can't say I'd be shocked if they're actually closed anyway here was the final on that first poll which we're yesterday on yesterday's poll who is the biggest eight hole in South Florida print media 2021 votes no that's not bad especially when he had to the category who the hell are they Dan LaVancer at six 13 great co-tech 240 when in who are they who are these people 167 so who are they got almost as many as great co-tech they don't know who you guys are they're one of the do with you your mama so socks and hell and etc and so on i'm gonna keep a close 10 this week we're gonna work feverishly to get to m 45 thousand votes even though of course we're not included but because it says your favorite sports station nevertheless 14 players now you'd be raised a good point seven ninety the ticket you know as opposed to w q and like we're vanilla you know we're vanilla just a play or in every light happy of it but and after we do laugh all these comments of all the bathroom so entertaining and so amusing yeah right here we have break is a clown he's a jerk a jackass everyone he's the a couple of times you like air rupted us on here because he had the pothole bacteria was recording that stupid ESPN show that's the first time i ever heard of an NSM on ESPN one day and they were all just ripping him ass and they're gonna clown out and was she he fitted very well he knew it was the a bozo with the red nose he knew the brother's uh patch Adams knows from oven Williams you're a clown Danny boy you're a pretender you and your buddy stugots who's got a rich daddy that's the story over there across the street everybody's got a rich daddy Joel fineburg stugots sort of playing radio they don't even they don't even own a radio station they just like uh leasing it you know like let least like running long for months so we can listen yeah so you can listen to the leacers boy and then the four and a half million year for the dolphins my god i'm thinking we ought to give them the panthers too and when you're shopping for shoes comfort fed values what it's all about i've been telling that for a long long time brand issues and pompot will be a man you can't be a man you want to take a cure your feet because your feet aren't a good shape you got real service baby they carried all the top brands they got rock for floor shime echo mafisto ss new balance all the top names in the shoe business at unbeatable prices and the professionals who fit as a brandies will make damn sure you have a customized video paper comfort you whatever style you pick out that appeals to your eye can just about pitch it i'll bet you uh maddie bells life on it did they got your size i i i'm on the shelf ready to slap on your feet right there just ask for arney he'll make sure you get the perfect fit with the right price they even specialize in wide widths as well if you got big gigantic embarrassing fat ones brandies is worth the trip from just about any place in south for us it won't forget for that unbeatable combination comfort style fit value and selection in other words what's brandy shoes 12-19 or federal highway and pompot will be children daily money through Saturday till nine and every Sunday even till five in this week every week they got something special for in this week it's another great week to shove at grandies because men's and women's fairy top side is our great value at 10 to 20 bucks off the already low prices only this week and only a brandy shoes in pompot will be this is real rubbish this is five sixteen two fainter And what in ا all yeah That's a good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I have a suggestion for on your parents out there. Don't trust your kids with a man who wears a dress. I could be crazy, but you know, all trust your children with a guy who wears a dress. What is it? Even if it's like the Pope who wears a dress and was really lovely, red slippers, never trust a guy or a bee or all of these. All of these things. Pastor Charles and Freykes says the Apombie's post, Portstyle loosely. A St. Lucy West pastor was charged with Mr. Meiner battery yesterday after a parent concerned about the ministers arrest record told police he was pushed after removing his children from a church sponsored school. David Paul Smith, President and Chief Executive of Office of the River of Life, a Christian worship center, was issued an notice to appear in court for a day first we had Mr. Meiner which carries a maximum penalty of a year in county jail. Four parents would eight children enrolled in St. Lucy Academy went to the school yesterday morning to remove their children. After wearing a Smith was the same pastor who closed the oasis of tents and beach church in school in 98 and fled with a former church secretary of the lady who accused him of beating her. Smith, 50, served in 90 day tents in Marion County jail for a heavy meal appear on the battery charge. In 2003 it was convicted on another charge of resisting police without violence according to court records and 96 was declared a habitual traffic violator and had his license be booked for several years day record show. Remember that priest in Arizona I believe was they did the hit and run and all the ass. Remember? Yep. He's cooling his heels and now that they put they kept the sky and jail a kill father gig and they are like ship him around the country take care of all these other. I like that guy. All these other slime ball priests. I'm sorry for the redundancy. A man who wears a dress is not the kind of guy that would be counseling anybody on anything. Okay, so maybe fashion and bad fashion at that. Maybe if you counsel some of those people are going to show up at the Oscars. If ever you didn't know who was the worst dress and who I know, etc. So on. Okay, here's the pull we got going right now. We saw the course of the red code text for which is the movie we did want to consider. I think we sang it especially those writings written by the infamous André Bog iz берer goat itself. Audio degrees of at what I think. People can do it. They could say they wanted an idea onto that necklace. Head rise to us because it's really an opportunity. Some of the light signs shows the elephant in the water and these trees are denoted. Could you imagine any kind of introduction you can see that. But nevertheless, at least we get somewhere, somebody with some balls that stands up there in screens and Chowes and tells it like it is. You go to a part of doctor, King, so a whole movement. See there you go. Nice talking about movements. Okay, how's that the restaurant pull coming? What's this thing that you did? Oh see fans were disheartened last summer when they closed a much of playing restaurant The Armadillo cost were servant they moved to that gigantic yeah and 11,000 square foot space. They used to be see Sadie's buffet or you may clark cross from Nova but But you know I don't know what it says. Well, what can you narrow this down? I would like to. They closed and there's another restaurant open with the the chef the former chef and some of the staff All set up shop again working with his wife's they see inside a gourmet market implantation The open and miss December but I admit this time we're gonna see I heard about it to the great finance easy to miss it It's in a shopping price across from the Broward Mall is there the fashion shops by the way Oh, sorry kids a death if it is 40 seat oasis in a shopping pleasure So we're not gonna put the armadillo on there because they're still in business in fact Let's I wish to have this sir would tell us exactly where it is, but it doesn't leave it to the hero What a piece of turn thanks to ever facts is in by the way because those people I put them on a map is a matter of fact Remember that yep the armadillo can't say and then it kind of turned on me, but that's okay They had that best the dessert what's it is it? Oh my god that with the stuff on top the sugar Man everything was really great. It was stuff wow and there's soups were fantastic Anyway, armadillo can't face still open somewhere in plantation somebody will let us know exactly where thank you for the good news Okay, let's get to that restaurant pull Shall we do it and know the children well she was an extraordinary mother What was the best soft Florida restaurant to close in last 20 years here's what we got 726 I think we got a shot of a thousand that I Josh You think 726 I think as little as I can Burton Jack's just kick in serious ass 151. I bet you Mr. Eagle voted several times Mr. Free me He loved that peppercorn shosh and the permisans cheese. I know I said that yesterday, but it just cracks me up Pepper corn so yeah, I'm one of those guys. I never like cared much for peppercorn sauce on my crim burley No, we're like I'd like on my pasta. I was never too crazy about it But nevertheless Britain Jack's was very good In fact, remember to me or let you and I and Ron are thankful for Pete Boulder had there when they said we just paid Steve Nicolet go away I love to be a thousand already. Wow and we thought we don't need to care about that We just want to free food. Thank you Burton Jack's was great and then 911 put them out of business Because the port they had like their closed down all those roads and all the on 911 put them right Nice place. Yeah, it was very good and it was very nice to us Wolfies 91 Povertyx 44 my pie 36 that nice Chicago Southic Pizza and Of course if you're gonna steal some pizza why not think you're steal some of the fixed up that'll fall away I'm sure Oh God, we miss him the studio 33 good old Freddy man. May he rest in peace. What a great place that was Croquies in Northeine, we've each 33 tied with a studio Another one of my favorite places what it had those great little potato pancakes and that fast fantastic a task at a task And it's good we'd love their brisk it Remember that and now we still got cookies or words in Tamarack where's the one that when they bring you occasionally something? Oh, a pepper pint. Oh, is it? Yeah, but one of the more time you beat was a landmark and like I've always said when that one closed up That was like oh boy, kiss it a New York steak house 31 Marty Sussman rest in peace Boy, he was a big guy two fat Marty put down a fork. Ah, too late But that was a good place. It started out over on the beach and they were like a biscane and somewhere and I thought it that's the last time I hit their head Did it with big Wilson he was tinklin on the panel there Big Wilson was tinkling in the New York steak house. I thought we were gonna like Get washed away Look at Mr. Coney Allen on the ground round the each got And I still say Mr. Coney Allen turned into one of the filthiest place and now they're gone down under 20 eight Hemingways 28 night Gordon 25 Casa Vecchi of 23 Tina spaghetti house 22 I do believe if my memories correct the first time I ever came as a tourist to Fort Lutter to like in 50 Some maybe it was later than that. I had dinner at Tina spaghetti house Are you excited about that? No, and now it's gone Rocky grassy and he's I'm glad to see that's doing well along with English probably don't meet have 17 rocky grassy and he's there was say 125th in discane or hundred and 35th in discane right up by the charter which is last place veto 16 that was right across from where the unicorn used to be we still know if the unicorn is still local near and North-Aid Yeah, and like I would sure I felt the veto is 16 Milino 16 that's the one in how come I put in parentheses and I'm a little you know I put I didn't do it I'm talking about the one in Davy my bad Tizano's 10 Mitch's day house nine clippards eight Vinnie seven top of the home seven and hungry in charter only three Assaulted trace out of 794. We're gonna get to a thousand a and I also want to see his get to a thousand I correct coach blog pole too. I want to have 50 minute even to your hate us even if you can't stand this station Lialo just to piss him off. Okay, and you know something else I want you to stop and think about this not only doesn't have any slogan for us, but stop and think of this What should it say it should say WQM and WXY those are the colors say or nobody knows The call letters over there because Waxy was where we're convinced got used to work on a waxy It was an FM baby 105.9 which is now big That's where we keep taking childhood is smelly cap used to work our buddy Ricky Tiki on waxy 105.9 that was waxy And listen to this crap they got iron now especially Daniel a bastard and Stu got you get waxy buildup man There'd be like big constant mung hanging out of your ears people look in the land They'll fall on the ground laughing their ass off when they see a wall spy when a big bunch of all those potatoes growing out of your ears You understand Yeah, Waxy buildup baby is bad. It'll kill you. It's alive. I'm not a Nazi. It was Ricky Tiki show our good buddy. Isn't funny how that turned around Loves life is funny and we hope he's doing well. Okay. There's one of my favorite people in town You know next to Mike Reniri who went with us no more Rick Shaw a legend 40 plus I've actually done been on the year almost 50 years now in town I'm I'm going on 30 and One bitch think and deal this guy's been on the over 40 years in South Florida and does anybody write any? I mean there was a cover thing about him a few years ago, you know That one jigger was right in about radio before he had a pawn his radio Hey speaking of losing stuff if you lost your hero you guys out there you got a van here lost problem or if you're currently wearing some kind of a piece You better listen to this Good friend Charles Alfier has been supplying a designing here system for showbiz people Politicians and more importantly every day guys just like you throw over 40 long amazing years now And most people say can always spot a hair system those are the bad ones the mottie looking musk rats You don't say yeah, what was like that, but think about there's how many good heresis and go on? Or does she think it's the real thing? Charles Alfier his systems are completely natural. They look like we'll hear Designed with just the right amount of hair and they proper recessions Write your hands through it the hair or two it looks and feels just like your own hair and for just 99 bucks Charlie will customize Zion here system for you. You tried for a couple of ways if you're happy with the way it looks and feels You keep it for just an additional 500 bucks Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied. You offer you the following guarantee if you're not completely happy with your hair system If you're not getting an action like every hour on the hour just return in Charlie will you back your 99 bucks You got nothing to lose, but that ugly shiny balls spot that makes you look 20 years older That's an offery witty can't refuse unless you're nuts So call Charlie today and get a great look and hit a hair back call 1 800 321 2413 Make an appointment their student is in for law to know little situational and show you this how much better They can make you guys look 1 800 321 2413 around the wicked web Charles Alfierry dot com Is your brain this is your brain on drugs This is your brain being chopped to bits by a fine and home meat fever This is your brain in a plenbe and this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili Brains real food for real people I'm sleeping in the park just trying to take a sin Talk I'm home in the dark it's left me black and blue I'm hurt so bad I'm talking of blood Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs Don't know what this happened I took the close to the head They took all the they were laughing They left me here for dead I've got a past when they high on drugs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs I'm lying here Can't hold a move They took those face fall fat and strong like they bruised Like they asked the parents why They raised their kids this way That's what a prison time They'll be the price they pay What they're in jail with all those other things Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs I'm dying all the hair Why was I beaten by... It's 1103 happy Tuesday from your good-five zones Last day is January, baby tomorrow, we'll be family worries It means a month or more It's a big 30th anniversary We've got that CD coming out And stuff is coming into a Kizazuki and seeing karaoke What's up? Feelings Oh boy I can feel it now He's going to give out my email address to everybody in the building So I got this to look at the elite of the world In the confirmation I mean the coronation is going on right now 20 or 22 to 4 so far A simple majority of the 51 is all they need They got the votes so it will confuse us with the discussion Why did they waste all that time? 22 to 5, 0 to 6 And we're going to... Dr. Anton... This is something Hi Hi Hi How are you like this? What about just silly people? No No No No No No Mr. Fritz Yes Yes Yes Mr. Fritz Hi I'm sorry I'm saying yes Yes I'm saying yes I'm saying yes I'm saying yes I'm saying yes I'm saying yes I'm saying yes So anyway here's the deal You go to this red code texting This is the... this will keep a lot of you off the street today And obviously we're having great success And I'm not doing it because you know what the ratings come out We kicked their ass all the time And they had that bonus April last year And they had the bonus December with the dolphin thing What they hurricane And they can talk they can convince themselves that they're doing something But ourselves a whole lady that we just spirited away from them Who haven't only seems to be on a wall She said they couldn't sell glass of water to a serving earbind the visit for a dime That's what she said And you hear her say that this morning She said they couldn't sell her out of a paper sack of it She said who wants to buy that crap She said you go in and say I'm from waxing And they say what's that They get they reach with the cutives Anyway that's what she said You know you can talk yourself into it But that doesn't make the number go up and it will come up You'll see Here is the vote from Greg Co. text about random evidence on his blog You go on a Harold and on the page the front page Where the blogs are two thirds of way down on the right And here it says Greg Co. text random idiot Vote WQA versus seven ninety to tick it And here's the pictures man Looks like a rose gallery There is the big o who looks like it He looks like he's in a carnival You know where you stick your head through that hole and it's on a different body You look at it there Yeah Yeah Am I right? Yeah The head doesn't match the body Although the head does look rock solid Then there is Hank who I don't know he looks like he's got the shrunken head on a huge body There it on me And a little red in the pussy must have just eaten a deli Then there's Danny Boyle of Bastard He's got the bad haircut Really frizzy looks like all this story to there Then there's mad dog a picture from about 50 years in the future Looks about 100 like a nursing home picture of the mad dog Then there's the rose looks very smiley and happy Doing a front of looks like a cartoon character They're all distorted there Yeah And then I guess I assume that must be Sydney Rosenberg down there Looking like a mug shot Doesn't it? Like old black or white like from a newspaper Looks like an old hockey player there is something I don't know I think it was silly thought it looks like you got it Took off and left town Anyway, so here's the deal Who's your favorite cell phone or radio person Let's go for the hump for this time, okay? And of course you didn't keep doing this over and over And it's very scientific So far favorite mad dog 95 is there any doubt about it? Oh, right There you go Jim Anderson's going to be doing two to six starting this Monday is the room where I'm here and start And let's say again The audience will like whoever they like That's who they'll support whoever they like Not who need a likes not who judge hates But whoever they like Oh 41 to 21 he's almost got the 51 votes already Like a cute Yeah Who's your favorite sports for now? Man dog 95 Joe Rose 58 Hank 46 he's starting to move on Up and of course once he gets on this tomorrow Danny Boyle of Bass is 39 Last place Your favorite he's in last place Danny Boyle of Bassard by a mile How do you like that? Who's your least favorite? I'm voting for a Sid Rosenberg this time Send it back to the I'm a show what's a match made in heaven Okay, well let's see your least favorite Dan La Bass dude 91 the Humper 66 Sid Rosenberg 45 It's an awful lot for the guy that's only been on the air for like five minutes And Orlando the Bigger will need 23 they love that rock solid even though he's got that big hit on the funny body And now last and definitely not least here comes the most important Which of the two the big two states you prefer for sports radio Dominic QA and it should say waxy but it says seven night of the ticket because he's trying to fix the thing there And look at that look he look he here comes cookie is really used to say remember that look he look he here comes cookie He did say that didn't he he said a lot of funny things he just he he he is all right He was one of those people you had to be around for a while to really understood but he was a you know I'm saying he's got a misunderstanding stand score score there you go Uh which are the two basically when he was a good guy QAM 314 and 790 the ticket 101 Now they started out with about a 40-volt head started us before anybody knew about that was the whole idea That was the game plan give them about a 50 yard a 50 mile advantage there The only problem is there people didn't respond the way our people are responding here. Okay I'm sure that got less often at pole it certainly should have been on and would have kicked everybody's ass How do you like that is there any doubt about that no and even admitted that even admitted that Friday When you were that swill on there with your shoes about well, do you know as new a sports or what tells that guy to do with it Still on this station Supposedly this is QAM against waxy So we take the highest rate at show with the biggest audience. He just just conveniently leaves us off of these shoes that all he doesn't do a sports show. I guess what you mama I Forgotten more about sports than most of you so-called experts will ever know if I ever remembered a man that I'd be really dangerous You know, I'm saying what is he know about Frank Mahavali? What is he know about fronny flamen huh? What is he know about Mike Pelicans Jim Dury? I know one thing about Jim Dury. He sure look good anyway, so that's what you got so far 314 to 101 Anybody want to talk about that leaf when last night 32 over the Panthers. This is joke. I'm just Josh 5605 60s and now we can get this thing going. I want to see thousands of votes on that damn thing. I want you people once and for all This is an honor of my anniversary 30 years in a market come up a month from tomorrow to go on your invoid and I'm not even on there Just for QAM okay just for all the crap that we've been through with Greg Reed and Joyce and the bees leaves and Duff you have my damn email address to fat boy and again I know he didn't do it maliciously just out of a pure stupidity. You fair you know Wake up and sniff the napidils okay, Duff wake up and sniff the pansies. Oh here we did 5 5 6 7 0 5 60 So one evening we send them even movies now. I want to can't wait to see bear back mountain Oh really I didn't know you were not I'm just joking if I see it fine if I don't see it I'll watch it because you're sending because it's free right exactly and I'll see what all the Who plows all about I'm afraid I already know what the who plows all about oh a couple of eight cowboys holy cow How's that oh Montreal guys like that oh this thing let me see Raymond Burrow a yay. Oh he was wow Wow, you know they got to wrestle with their consciences. Yeah, they're wrestling with more than that And talking about heads exploding well, that's another story. Okay, Joyce upset Look at that small man of these people with a lot of busy vote man Greg Coates pull that's what they're doing WQAM hello I'm going there. Yes sir. Hey couple things for you. I think you and George Josh put together a little Month and put the moment on retainer Yeah, so you can do our in location shots for you guys and you have all the material We already got the material trust me. We got everything the man ever said we got We already have an agreement to all we have to do a speed of peace and Oh And secondarily the only thing that lever tart has on it show is one guy in Frank Kelliando He's really really funny, but that's it. That's what we'll show He's just a comedian he does in personations of chino and bush Oh, I want to be the name is show well, and that's just entertaining Yeah, but otherwise it's show blows and you're right And all right, okay, thanks, Pally. Thank you. So he's got a guy in and of course he's younger and hip or you know what I hope I got this he don't look all that young and that picture to me. It looks like an old total with a bad man By the way, Frank Kelliando, I don't you probably have seen him from the The NFL down pre game, you know the the Terry Bradshaw and I don't know he's a crap. I can say he he makes fun of them He dresses up as emin does in personations of them. Oh, so now that he's got a female impersonator on your huh Is that what it's all about he's got a gun addresses up like a priest. That's good. That's very entertaining very good Danny boy Go back to the newspaper. Okay, quick try to be everybody thinks they're a blood casty, you know like lady Marta is he's a blood casty And still got he's a blood cast Man and next time for a stripper comes in or just shoot him. Okay. He's gonna mind her live. I got no good He's just got I don't like his attitude. It's like, you know, I'm picking on him I don't I don't pick on anybody unless they do something that they're frost my ass. They will find job. I'll be the first one to say nice go on baby Right or if they don't do something they're supposed to yeah, then I'll just rip him a big ass and deserve it So I only rip ass where it's deserved. And believe me in this place a lot of deserving going this is a meal Rogers this is 5.16 My God, you're breath beautiful He knows can present He knows can present But 24.9 They want to fall down to the side they have to I think they'll let them swear It's a run I got ass number days I can't bear this well I'm going to baby He's taken a murder and turned it into for my great country and when evil country hated feared and despised in me Vile all around the universe even on your rainerson up to happy about us 50 A.s. 40 know which means there's two of quizlings out there. We're still maybe there. Illin or whatever the deal is. How come the other two to invoke? I don't know that's not exactly overwhelming though when you come right down to what he 50 to 40 In fact, he's able to go to 50 to 41 now there's only one who I think it's going to be 50 a.s. 42 know that's not overwhelming If the Democrats wouldn't like roll over in the spread their legs and they had more people in the Senate they could have beaten this crap But they didn't do it 50 it's 42 like I just said it's a final tally 58 i and 42 absolutely you know I don't believe it he's been confirmed just in time for the dog and pony show tonight You're going to be watching any of that no are you kidding me? I wouldn't watch it saying oh gosh, court is saying going to be watching our government here that you're right But he's going to be ruling around on the sack and I'm going to be watching Lisa pummel of Tampa Bay anything besides that crap But it's the state of the union and they're all going to be a party. Yeah, right if the Democrats had any balls and I would know to call on the web about this the option to sit there on the sit on their hands No applause when he comes out so I'd cheer in it. Well, just out of respect how can every spectre of budget? You know, it's really great when we got a start agreeing with I'm in the time and also I hear he That bushes a butcher in a murder. It's pretty stable. We got to start agreeing that they are got their thumb on it finally. Although nice head year by the way I'm in Wicked the two big states need prefer for a sports radio grant code text wants to know 474 votes so far We'll get that thing up over a thousand before I leave here to a clock today or my name is Ignats iskabibble a b iskabibble 80 Solomon 365 and say they prefer QA I'm 105 say they prefer 790 the ticket which it should say waxy if you're going to put our call letters Then you should put waxy that's seven ninety the ticket but then again are doing everything in their power to try to like you know Goose them up over there. You don't deal to who's huh? Do anything they heard us that's what you all find where said isn't it? I'll do anything to kill those batches over there. All those you bastards on QAM He thinks even mad dogs do wish You want to see how the personalities are doing so far who's your favorite self-floor sports personality? Mad dog one fourteen Hank 50's right man Joe rose 59. Hank 56. He's right on Joe's ass and damn I've lasted only 45 in last place Danny boy you suck and you can have all the setup calls you on about Frank Kelly and though an Anthony Kelly and though and Frank afford and this one and now and nobody gives a crap okay you suck your joke Who's your least favorite self-floor sports radio person out let's say Dan LeBass did I guess to be my vote Because it rose and bergam he's got his own issues right. Let's not be taken on for a sit. I love what I'm gonna get out How come they say coming off or heroes are your least favorite Dan LeBass did one online Hank 70 Sid the kid 54 and Orlando the big old only 24 he really is lock solid maybe the fact he's out early and I'm warning when everybody's sleeping That might have some to do it and he's okay. He's like he's like you. He's just bland, you know just there Kind of like all that pictured yeah, I don't know kind of strange. WCWM hello Diabol voting central hello Yes, sir. I'm moving last night on about flight 93 there's a part in when they want to scramble the F 16s and go after this plane But they couldn't because they didn't have authority they should have showed a picture and a little corner there bush reading his book He literally kids in Sarasota right. Yeah, well, we needed some help some leadership Anyway, just remember the bushes in mid-Ladden's baby. That's where it's all at OIL MOLNY. Cook it as the day is long The status part is even if we did want to vote these guys out I'm gonna stone count. Let me see if they'll work and they just rig everything. Well, we need to find a good machine man. Yeah Good luck to us. Okay. Yeah, that was any any last night. They they hyped that up by doing that to our special on 9 11 I'm the world president or collapsing the night before that told our watch and last night they had that on So flight 93. Yeah, they were the movie, you know right and what is there to say you know you really have to wonder And of course keep in mind that the FAA knew that several planes have been high jacked within moments of it happening because once the first one was like, you know, you know I want to say they they know you say but then anybody doing thing about it. They said they were scrambling all right They couldn't get their ant together and then this whole thing about the police and the fire department in New York don't cooperate The same radio frequency. They don't talk to which other but I was good thinking There are a whole lot of people maybe a thousand people died because of that because they went back and tower number two I'll go back to your office everything is fine just go back into your be safer there, but it would be you know cycle. Yeah surprise WQAM hello Yes, sir WQAM WS radio WS radio 560. Orts radio 560 WQAM. Can I add to the fall today or I'm sure can yes Wolfies restaurant Well, let's see wolfies is 101 votes. Somebody must have beat you to it Let's see wolfies first of what I'm like in road model. You know there used to be three Did I try to think where the hell they were there was the wolfies on a liquid road model and there was a one on 21st Where was the other one? It was a turn oh, I was on the 60 turn street speaking a turn was on 163 Remember the extra system the priest has planned the pan was system about 30 turn remember that no, yeah, he's singing at he's doing his money Yeah, I bet you Josh remembers that Oh, yeah, he thought just he thought under Blair comes down and pee's under floor. Don't you remember that I remember her pee in on the floor. I remember well just before she pee down the floor. He's he's she's tinkled on the floor and he's tinkled on the Iberies And he's playing the piano. He's talking about you know His ultimate dream is he's going to be big hit on Broadway and they love him and but then he's singing about to some 20 toy did you say big Did you say big hello big and he's also tinkled. I'll tell you one thing when big Wilson tinkled it was like a flood Comedy Q a M hello He was no periscillent now guarantee that Q a M Yeah, that was good when I was coming from Jodi. I think we love to leave sweeten the panters last night right there in the macaroon a lot of leaf fans I noticed they were the Ellen go team go go I'd like to see that Jackass one more time before I croaked the one I said that I think they were saying go team go You go go away soon. How many Q a M hello? Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How about beef steak charred Is that last 20 years? That's let's see 86 Oh, they were around one of them was around okay. They didn't they have the order you can eat shrimp to peel and eat But it's not like that with the shrimp and it's all about even want to stay and then that's the real right and it had the pictures the same gray a man you'd stagger out of that place It was just a good. It was not that prime food but a good time Yeah, he's still your butt and then you come back to the next week. What's nice. All right, and prices right. Thanks, pal. Like beef steak charlie's that's good now. We're not putting on the Fast food places and we're not putting on chains like wags and lums all of these days early. Even though it was a little more than one, but I wouldn't call it like a major chain. Would you a chain? What about the ranch house? I mean, that was a chain too, but what about the blackiness? Yeah, or sorry, Joyce. Like I said the blackiness. How about the the chocolateiness? By the way, Valentine's days come up in a couple of weeks. You don't have me hitting that. I don't want to say it on the air, but you just you just keep your eye at log and just See, I told my breath. Oh, your breath and make sure that's still now we're getting new sales mango in air You better sit down with a new sales man. There whoever he is whenever he shows up and give him that a little lecture. I want to go on back there Because unfortunately Joe is good of a guy as he is he like I said the other day. He's he's got a lot to hear about what the hell You know where the bodies are burning what's the thing going on next? I'd rather have a meeting with Joe like a real one like a real lunch meeting. That's what I'm talking about And then you sales mangler and in fact for and you can be programming for my Don't ever did you tell him don't you ever emailed me a little thing again who will come and blow your brains out I think he knows that I didn't tell him specifically, but no I'll write over there. I'll email I do not want any involvement with that tub just just like that one account, you know that they're disappeared because they got the change and whatever they do Which is fine? I have no problem with that, but it would do I you had to go and ask him about it See See that's one thing when a new sales manager comes in there would be a nice communication I would the previous one is out going Curtis Raymond burr he didn't want to talk to anybody because he was operating from fear and paranoia and hate Oh, who the hell wants to talk to you anyway? Yeah, that's right or Hank or anybody else on here right fastest. Yeah, so You're mom, but the new sales guy comes in and we all hear being welcome with open arms and legs What more could you answer for them that? What are we watching this guy bouncing up and down there and that trampoline's up to give me a Vertigo here, we like Jimmy's story 27 past 11 at 5.60 W can speak in a fooding and feeding The M.O.C. is scored as number one agent or made buffet in fact if you're eating when somebody says what are you doing around fooding? Dad, what are you doing mornings and why 100 are you fooding? The M.O.C. is scored as number one agent or made buffet is rated by the get restaurant review now every Friday through Sunday night You can enjoy loves to fest featuring main loves to serve thermodore star on every night at the M.O.C. is crab fest Love them crabs with less can stoke crab legs dungeonous crab and Jonas stone crabs The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30 Adam's bored that time between Greg Reid and Terry Bradshaw. They love their sushi The M.O.C. also serves delicious juicy New York state cook to order just the way you love Manhattan, Carp farmer And Ziggins a fresh great Chinese and other red lights as well and on the weekends for dessert Bring along a crowbar and create a little bit of room in your pants for the M.O.C. The M.O.C. is 40 inch chocolate fountain. You can hand it your own strawberry as marshmallows all kinds of decadent treats Just stick and write in there and enjoy. M.O.C. is a five. Come celebrate Chinese New Year with the M.O.C. is a crispy chicken sweet and sour fish Roasted suckling pig are the night too. The M.O.C. has got three con the locations to suit you. You are fine and sunrise, sunny house beach and tempered pies. Reservations suggested. If you want a real pig out, you want to enjoy Chinese New Year as well. Now's the time at the M.O.C. 9.5.4.5.7.2.38.22. This is New Rogers. This is 5.16. Suck it in and hold it. I hope you like it and don't think it's nice and 7.90. Good day. Good day. Good day. The bird has to learn how to super don't worry about it. It's so exciting to see the birds in the view. I don't know where to read these like wats and nants and wats and nants. But don't forget that little name. It shows like wet dogs in the view man. That opens a down-down. It's so funny. But man, I know a road of driving somewhere. It's so interesting. It's pretty scary. Well, I guess it would be better. I don't know the audience with that dog that don't want to buy a suit. It's so cool. Somebody shoot the ball and we'll be far. The phone is in. Look at that baby. It's so... It's very good. Down-down. It's such a nice move. The phone is going to make me want to read the package. But don't forget wet. You know, the cotton is really good quality. You know what they try to save? It's very expensive. We'll be both in more or less in part. Don't think it's a ball. I'm so mad at you. I've heard it. You know, there's a vacation. Nobody wet you wet the soap, why am I required? You know, that frequency is really going on. I'm going to grab some changes over the years, you know? A little bit. Nobody wet you wet. No, that's what you're eating like. How is? No, we got the melting pot coming in today. But some just eating a granola bar. Oh, you're just like pre-eating that little little... A little right... Forplay. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little... A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little out there. A Aunty. I think it's quite està. In general... Well, it's very quickly Sangatang. It's very good. That's good. That's a good result for me. We've got a video that we came from his father's home. A little easier. If you leave it like this the scariest, it might've got an issue. We have everything like that. The good timing. Integrated 걸로. Well, the result is talking right away. A little bit. life and death, I never saw whose on the day, oh we got bold to the foe, oh boy, bold for where Moe used to be, two to foe, mad dog for the seven, three on the spring of the hours, that's an excellent third of seven to eight, thirty. We're keeping him on a fringes waiting till mad dog does two to six. Hurricane Warba, but a thirty, he hurried teens and wait four to nine o'clock tonight, and so home game, so parents isn't going to be missing a wall for three days this time. Like he is an alde hurricane road games, and any k follows hurricane basketball game, and the interest in that, no, hurried hurricane, they can't throw flies over there, they've turned into a pretty nice crowdwork like to me last night after a very, you know, or nobody there in the beginning. Now, I guess Josh is quit doing those before the hockey game of things, that's right. Why is that? Don't have time. What the hell does that mean you'll have time? I don't think you need that raise. If you can afford to like, say goodbye to all the easy hours on your time sheet, you must be wicking into big bucks somewhere. Yeah, that's me. I must have a little something going on the side, don't lean. Is that it? He's moving it? Okay, let's take a look and see what was the best software restaurant for closing the last 20 years. That's the sub pulled, that's on our website, but the one you really need to constipate on is that one on the hill on a blog thing there. What is it, Greg Code Tech's random evidence of an idiot? Curtain jacks, one seventy one. We must Curtain jacks a lot. Great stakes, great lobster. Although now we got Taurus that it like is a even better substitute. Wolfies 102, Puppernix 44, my pie 41, it's my pie all for me. Is now I decoded that my pie? No kind of get away from my pie. The ground round 38, Corquise Earth and we reach 38, the studio 37, down under 30 minutes, the best, the stroganoff. You like the stroganoff? I do a lot with sarcine. Oh man, they had the best, it's the best, it's the stroganoff, the student getting tongue-tied, I can't even know the thing straight. And the best French onion soup, which are a lot of positive words got great French onion soup is the top of the park at Puppernix Park on the sixth floor. Their French onion soup is hard to beat, it's really good. But the best ever was it the studio. Down under 35, Mr. Coney Island 34, New York steakhouse 33, my Gordon's 31, Hemingways has got, and a little long piece of trivia, George is why I've used to work at Hemingways and Burton Jackson's Matter Effect. She did, as a host of both places. I'll be the hostess with the most is, most used to be, and then, conceptic in 2017, it's spaghetti house 25, laid door. Pretty dumb 21, well she must hate me like boys and she don't listen anyway. I don't matter. She doesn't see her, she thinks it's all a joke, right? No, she don't care. And even if you were I or anybody else I understand, she's a relentless bitch. That's the only way I would want to English pubs 19, Rocky, Gracie, and a 17, Vito 17. Mitch is steakhouse 12, Pizacos 11, Clifford's 8, Top at a Home 8, Vinnie's 7, that's where I split off the toilet seat, and after that they went downhill. Hung your in chart of three and beef steak Charlie's got a pair out of vote. What do we got? 37, we're going to make a thousand on that, and how's that pull doing on the hero? I got a lot of stuff to do here today, not too much time for the stupid ass calls, or the set up calls from over across the street from total of fine-verse boyfriends. Let's see, let me take a few could this. Alino, get confirmed 5842 is a sick kiss your freedoms goodbye. Kiss your ass and your freedoms goodbye. Oh, they're just ejection on there talking about COVID-19. You know, every chance he gets another media horror. He's almost as bad as Kendall LaHolda coffee. Boy, he's media whores. They just love being on there. Okay, let's just look at which of the big two things you prefer for sports radio, WQM or 790 that's the ticket. That's the big one. Rest of them are like an afterthoughts. Okay, 581 people of the vote. We'll get that thousand of them by two o'clock on a hero which they'll be shocked. And then they're going to say, oh, well, New Yorker is creeped to pull. I'm not creeped in anything. I'm just encouraging our people to participate that. So, isn't that what it's up there for? Just like our pool. Free pit, flip it, squeeze it, do what it's up there for your amusement and fun. Right? That's right. Plus on Friday, he just got to say, oh, well, it's just a little blog, pull for fun. Okay, Greg, whatever you say, you've phony baloney man. Oh man, talk about joining at the hip. Next animal, faster. He must begin about his crowded back. There is George Michaels in between booster and Greg Cotex. He's got a lot of clings on there. And I have no idea why. Maybe a Josh can inform you about. Well, what's the big cynicism? What's the deal? Who's Levittar? Yeah, I know, much to do about nothing. I agree. Well, legend is online, but an ego, the size of a mouth washing them. The big Tuesday, we, let's see, 500, anyone votes, 467 for QA, but only 114 for seven, either to take a WAC, build up. That's pretty sad. Anyone mentioned the ruling pub? I remember the ruling pub, 23rd and college grade parent revenue, wonderful fresh bread. The Rooney pub, we put it on there or what? We are. Get it on there. See, we're not changing this pool until either late tonight or tomorrow went to bargain around with. We're not going to like do we? We've got to get a step back. Let's build and Charlotte roast your line up by the way. It says, all the one top it says, Costal. Yeah, on the cover sheet, too. Yeah. Well, that wouldn't be Joe Costal. He's not a rule to remember. I'm not how he spells his name either. That's right. It's A and still got stolen by with not cash. I know it's not. Trust me. No, trust me. An Italian is not cash still. Okay. All right. Man, you man, you. Boy, you are. You're going. What is competitive? It's actually not how I really is. No, no, it's not how he pronounces. People are being honest. Not a name. No, I'm a shit again. His name is Costala. It could be for now. Throw whatever I am at Roop. Can't sell. I want to pronounce it. I see. Well, it's always Joe Costala. I mean, why do I quit calling me and bugging me, Joe? By the way, it was his birthday yesterday. I sent him an e-card. Got no response. We might have not. Yeah, I've won. His wife. She got a cut on to him real fast. 567.05. 60 I told you. She was, uh, she's another one kind of left me limp. A little a domineering for me. I'm not, I'm not into domineering women. You know, just a militant hostile. Yeah. I like your wife, right? Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. I got one for your pole, Neil. Mr. I bought Kenny Rogers. Chain, chain, fast food chain. The answer is, ah, I'll watch your like his name, but never less. Simon, pop at a park one. I want to hear that stale old story again. No. He said, ready, cross me up there. I'll tell you three celebrities said across me, a pop at a park, uh, Jim Leeland former manager of the Marlins. He rose with a big stack of 20s and exclusive on his arm and Kenny Rogers. Nice quiet guy. Didn't buy out very unassuming. Just sat there. My name is owned business. Ponges. Got some. I'm at his brother. Helping cut a spot as a metaphor. I met Steve Lawrence's brother in the elevator at the Gulf Stream. You're the man. You're the elevator operator. Don't you ever hear me talking to Hank about that? I've got you don't listen to that. I'm serious. Every time he'd go in there, I'm Steve Lawrence's brother walking graduates get a life, you know? God. Do you have any QAM? Hello. Hey, is this QAM? This is WQA, I'm all sorts of radio set for this show. Okay, no, I have something to do with pole. I'm going to call for the pole. Please. Do you want it? I want it. Okay, the forge. Is closed? I thought it was. Maybe it was. I thought it was. It was closed. I wish it was, but I had on Sancto. Oh, it was. One time I went into this stuck me in a back room and I got all that schmutz on a wall back there and it gave me like a microwave potatoes that were like, oh, from the end of the world. You know the right people and you smear the right folks and you have a nose like out of joint they like it to forge. I think they're still going. Yeah, they sure look like it. Oh, they have quite the online presence. Yeah, not the forge is still around. Well, she maybe she just don't hang out over there. No, no, you know. Maybe that's she's out of touch with that. Which quite frankly, no great loss on her part who needs to be over there by the forge. Yeah, my name is Amoshi Pupik and my herlanski is grandson. Send me, okay, we'll sit right over here right in the front. And give you like all free food and I'm just the not crazy about that, but not now I only had one or two experiences there They were both really really bad. So it's like anything else, you know You know what I'm saying? It's like going to Amsterdam you could go there like some schmuck like in December and have a horrible time because there's nobody there But that's people or you go there in May or June or anytime during the summer when it's loaded with tourists and wonderful people from all over the world Everybody's having a great time and say god, this is the bomb. Maybe this is the best the bomb this bigotty the hot bigotty dog So it all depends on it's just timing it's like when you sit down at that machine man like my friend It got the thousand under wheel of the info off the chair at the Niagara Falls, you know, it's just it's just timing That's all just blind luck some people got it and some people got that albatross hanging over their head, you know Like we have we got Joyce. He's the albatross hanging over the QM head And what they say if the fish thinks that they had cut it off you know what I'm saying Joyce? Shap it off baby. When it down take Joyce out In fact, I think your belt was coming up here that he's gonna take her out. I think he meant for lunch But I think when it does just take a route period. We have good idea Yeah, take a fish at the 500 E1 more. I'd say a great coat Texas eyes must be bolding taken look at that And you know that gonna be belly you can you know damn well are gonna all you this thing isn't well Or they got the equal opportunity over there if they had any audience right? Right and you know they've been goosey gets into this morning because I could see the goose on there I saw the goose head when I first clicked on it this morning saw the goose And I thought to myself that thing might have that each five and one I shot that baby right on the spot You know I always used to say don't pass up a good goose Does that which is that chain well things change in life now? You know if you see a good goose To the killer Kill the birds you got a perky you got a Parit mine a bird cockatoo Till that baby 18 till noon at five sixty wqm. Hey, uh, this is a wrong spot. No, so right spot. Thank god for that Well, I'm all whipped up today because I found out that Curtis Raymond Burris gone you're fair That is a Even that's how you just yesterday just stick with Joe Bell man. He is the man. Did I say that? Just yesterday you were saying that I was telling him we just don't be so impatient Real much in building days and he's inheriting a mess Sorry, I got he's got he's got to go out and the mop in a bucket and clean up all of Greg's messy left on the floor Over the wall That's right, just give it a guy a little bit of a little slack give another week Hey, if you're gonna dead and job if you're underpaid if your new year's resolution is to get a high pink We're good out of that dead end you're in like being in radio forget about that then that's right now Pick up the phone to call fast train at eight six six fast train It'll get you trained ready for a great new high pink we're just a few short months and every payday and I guarantee you work for some It actually pays you on time on payday You'll be getting a big fat one on a paycheck too You can get a new high pink we're in just a matter of months to demand for medical coding specialist and the computer professionals right now Is it an all-time high Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes job placement as systems of financial aid for people to qualify What's not to like it out of your dead and get under that rut and start having a life pick up the phone right now Call fast train at eight six fast train. They got they place over a hundred people like you in 2005 Check them on the web at fast train dot com, but act now because Tases are filling up fast. I'm Mr. Trant about opportunity this year Make your new year's resolution. We outing get yourself a fantastic career and a big fat paycheck and maybe a hot chick or a hot guy or both Call eight six fast train be sure and time the time-dreck tool did it calls a toll-free call one eight six fast fatal flood using not everybody is both I can't do see both flyers All this funky janna hints From funky janna times If you're eating them up To be six feet on the ball If you don't wanna catch the flu To not touch the cock of two I'll talk to you forever can't be fun But can we call 911 Everybody is worth new fighting It's better to start with fighting Now to be focused on the end Time for the global wide news Yeah, I'm thinking about myself I better watch it because I've touched a turkey Yeah, I thought that's what you were going to say Yeah, I know, okay, don't get all the go-kit-choice all We've got a very great time today Because we're on an episode because she's a stupid bitch Okay, let's see who's your favorite song for a video of sports personality It's interesting that they're more interested in the two stations against each other As opposed to the personalities You know, I'd be saying What do you say? I don't know, maybe they just don't like any of those people Or maybe it's like they listen to the station for like They'll go Oh, I'm on sports show, which of course it invalidates the soul thing You'll come up with that Anyway, your favorite show, I was soft-blooded sports radio personality Jim Maddog managed 139 He's going to be doing two to six or I'm going to want to know why Joe Rose 70 Dan, uh, Hank 64 and Dan LeBasterd A distant fourth and last place Solomon T. Chinkwanta I think like that, that little Italiano for it Sinkwanta, right? Chinkwanta got it Quaranta And anyway, now let's see who's your least favorite sports Like I told you, I can count those numbers man I mean, 3, a P.H.P.H. What do you think of those touch and focus? Well, when you told me James Wood was Jewish, I just turned my whole life into the dumpper I was a lot watching women in the movie the other night I saw some preview of something he was supposed to be in About oh, right on ER or something What is that true? I don't know where he's like some Gimp and he's like drooling all over Some, I don't know what I don't want to see him, he makes me He was my skillpiece Who is your least favorite South Florida sports radio personality? Anlab bastard, oh Danny Boy, they hit you like poison Maybe 132, the Humper of 78, small potatoes I'm a fat potatoes I said Rosenberg 67 or Landwell's a Gary Only 27, rock solids because they don't know who that is Now that's the easy way they like the big go How do you like that? And which of the two big states you prefer for sports sports radio? 654 votes How do you impress or what? Medium, medium or something Start it out there was less than 100 With like about 95, now 654 QAM 534 and 790 to ticket Waxy, a great code text is home 120, 524, even the Bible people 534 to 120, even the Bible couldn't help them with a scornish Health and now here's a fact for our poll That says, best closed restaurant, one potato Two potato in the earth field Well the three potato for potato was in a four lotterdale Was on North Sunrise, they're on a way to Ruth Chris Okay, but the fact that the matter is that this is back in my KT days Long before 86 for sure, they're both in long gone So I don't want to put an ancient ones on air Because we've done that, you know, we go back to the famous Yeah, and pick a low as I mentioned that day We've been a lot of go way back, only us old old old parts Like me, and we're those places Right, financially burdened from housing dozens of homeless Circassian woman refugees, Westgate Tabernacle Yesterday had a bar of money from one of its homeless residents To have the church's power restored Florida, Ponder and Lute, you people are a relentless man Your heartless, relentless, and there's a special place in hell for FPNL Because they sure ain't swell Florida power like company, cut power to the West Palm Beach Church about 930 yesterday morning Or did we store it roughly 8 hours later? To a church where homeless people are hanging out from the hurricane Like they care They don't care about any brother man, you don't care about the violators That's right, the Terminator Fishib Avis Hill, the church's pastor said, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, and Lute, cut power back because of refused to acknowledge Receive of a $6,000 cashier's tech that had owner sent to the company last week Late Monday, he'll set the company indicated found a check But still required, an additional 32 out of bucks for a reconnection fee The posthumous month charges Westgate borrowed 32 out of bucks from a man who's been staying at the shelter more than a year And recently we see social security and disability money He'll send the church a new pay the man who said, he'll didn't want to be interviewed Right now I don't know how but we will, he said The church had fought about 60 days behind it's power, but after carrying for 115 people Who we'd been safe at the church since Hurricane Wilmus struck Westgate is a ongoing legal dispute with Palm Beach County For operating a homeless shelter in violation of county ordinances It's been more than twice capacity since Wilma You know something big deal They're taking care of this for people and nobody else is willing to take care of right Right During the past few weeks, the donor tried twice to pay Westgate's electric bills from an automated payment system But was able to do so Try twice, okay Lastly, the donor sends the church to a courier in FNL But the power company still didn't credit the churches account You should rot in hell FNL, okay, we hate you The wish you would die, we hope your stock goes down a minus 18 cent At the L-Spoilman turned to a sephos, so the company was looking into the church's claim The bill had been paid, we're investigating where the last check went I'll tell you to take a look at your account Probably where you're hiding in honey The sephos said she couldn't discuss these specifics of the speech She didn't confirm that partial payment on the account had been made yesterday But it wouldn't have so as the amount She also said the company had offered the church a payment plan to get caught up Before powers disconnected In this case, we tried to work with the choice he said He'll once said that the speech over the church's account would be current It was unsure how we're continuing to pay to how so many hurricane refugees But said it's not uncommon for Westgate to receive unerscredible gifts There's much as 10 grand where God guides God provides he said I think he's talking about That's what it is How we come on with a big March first thing man when a big anniversary thing What about it? I'm coming out of there I'm going to have that bigger parents in signaled right Picture card board Now, take a tape parade The house pedals that your feet We love that name He's such a fag Yeah, big deal For red carpet for your communist Yeah, right Yamala What was the best restaurant in South Florida closed in the last 20 years Burton Jack 177 will fees one online The studio 45 my pie 44 Papa next 44 Corquise north-time in the week 40 The ground round 39 Down under 37 Mr. Colio 36 My Gordon's 30 fold your steakhouse 34 Hemingways is still got But pretty good man Every doing pretty good till they find out your wife used to work there Cancer vacu 247 Tina spaghetti house 26 Lydon 20 they don't Ill molino 21 We're talking about one in David that closed down and really pissed me off because that was a great place English Pub 19 vetoes 18 Rocky grabs the anti-17 It's kind of stuck there Paisalister 13 which is steakhouse 12 These steak Charlie's got nine Clifford's eight Top of the home eight And Hollywood Have you ever this top of the home? Nope Yeah, you do with you. Yeah, I have a big bank building That's right I was like we've all been like pier 66 Which now let's just throw it first Sextil there closed I don't know Well do a Google word I mean I had lunch with Bob Neal there at pier 66 And I begged him I said don't do a screw at that morning show everything's just fine They and they screwed with it and they went to hell And then they blamed us for it Top of the home eight Vinnie 7 Charter 3 and the Ronnie Pub 1 Yeah Vinnie's closed the food reserve But people can't slide off the toilet seat Eight eighty four It's something to smoke the pot So nothing to slide off of it How you're looking pier 66 Josh has now what about root 66 What about 77 Sunset strip I don't want to hit the thing No And what's the same pier 66 still there in four Lotter to eye I don't think it's around me Pier 66 is gone I do believe I did go I found I'm thinking If I'm thinking you're thinking We'll find out somebody will know WQAM hello QAM Neil I don't know if it's been too long And what about two guys pizza Is it been over two years? I mean twenty years No sure hasn't I don't know if it's a great place you're right Okay two guys pizza let's put on it I was going to put like pizza I was in my Toronto It was more than just a pizza joint It was very good Two guys pizza All for Oh oh oh for me I'm having a QAM hello Hi I'm going to yell how are you Pretty good how you doing I'm doing good I think it's just closed recently But I'm very much going to miss Gibby's Gibby's is gone Yeah Oh no They went the way of the wind No no what about pier 66 you know anything about it No nothing never been it Really? No I'm sorry I'm pleasant lunch because of who they got from IOD No one ever suggested going No one ever and never got ready for you I'll take a place that's more than twenty years And I keep mentioning this and nobody has any idea what I'm talking about There's that kind of like it looks like a leaning tower Piece of the building right by pier 66 It used to be called Gigi So it was an Italian restaurant I was just out of this world Man it was great But that's a Zillion Zillion Yeah Before my time Before any even almost before my time And that's saying a lot Have a great day You too Bye We got something Yeah Gigi's all man That place was so good And it's up by the mic I My car still going Yes it is My car that you like But there was another one What I mean it was very expensive It was the first set The food was great I know it was great Now you know Every evening a really good Polynesian restaurant I have never eaten any real Polynesian restaurant And that's why you're like my kind This is Neil Rogers This is 5.62A The Emperor, William, Rush, Latelyn And I like scrubbing my smelly grill As with soap made from jewels And listening to the Neil Rookay I'm going to eat the hour The guy is from the world In the world of the world The world of the world In the world of the world Life is a little tiring And gets the story It's boring It's all done I know it's that Shuffleboard If you think that's funny But I'm a little late on you That's all you Shuffle on a miss me Yes You're fast as the world miss me That's right And run a miss again I'm going on you I've cashed my check And bought a bite You're in I'm a little late on you Oh, I've once with a great big face She's I've got some earth and fish All the way That's quite a big fish From all the young race And people They're in The best chips he can Of course Just organize it I put my post on my bag Check it the pants I may have one pain And a great man I got stuck by my own pizza But your You're going to miss me Now that Oh, girl, can't miss me And I'm going to show up on a machine Oh, go on you We miss a bad one Just like when I come back I'm going to get a watermelancholy I'm going to get a watermelancholy I'm going to get a watermelancholy It's 12 or two It's 12 or two It's six The WQM I should learn better than to talk over the ending of Chicken X bits You should learn that That's right I did it again 766 I do Because I like for the impact I mean 766 people voted already on the Which station which is worthwhile Which was a piece of crab I like that Which of the big two stations you prefer for sports radio Greg Coax that you remind me here wants to know 706 Aren't you impressed by that number? I'm just blown away WQM583 And 792 ticket 123 Sounds like about a 360 vote margin to me That's pretty impressive view Interesting I don't want to go over do it We don't feel more than like once every five minutes Okay, good Here's a memo Just thanks to me from WQM general manager Joe Bell Helver guy by the way We like him a lot He knows how Beth this morning She came in there to see the law on and on Oh, what a great guy But I mean man You hear that? I heard it I heard it See the whole thing with Curtis and Ed sales department You want that one south? Is when Greg screwed over Screw in He stuck it to her More than one sign to stand Seriously He, I know And whatever that was all about She said the wrong thing at some meeting Or she gave him a sour look Or maybe she decided that she was moving on to somebody else And that was the end of screw in And for a long Okay, that's enough what that crap Huh? I'm trying to say I wanted to let you know of two changes in the 72nd sales staff See Joe said he was going to make some changes back there And he's not really dallying, okay? He also told me after record that he is a hitman for Joyce So we'll be taking care of that problem too We'll solve that Curtis Raymond will be leaving us at the end of the week Curtis has been with WQM for three years First is sports sales manager And most recently is General Sales Mangler Curtis will stay in the area and plan to get an financial planning We thank Curtis for his contributions And we shouldn't have vests as he begins his new endeavors Bye bye Curtis Bye bye Tech of a job, Brownie Beth Bernstein, I know you're talking about your name Was Bernstein, we had a Jewish sales check You couldn't talk about looking at her? No But here in her? Beth Bernstein is going to kill himself Staff after a very successful hit at 790 to tick it Sounds like Waxy to me Stephen Joe is calling at that Don't get sucked into that, Joe is Waxy Okay, forget about that ticket my ass Beth was involved in the start of the 790 Was their top door We look forward to Beth bringing a lot of enthusiasm And been this to 562m Please join me in welcoming Beth to the station And a beastly broadcasting We welcome you with open arms and legs Beth, you all remember about morning she seems Very nice I'm having a chocolate covered scrubbers from the melting pot Oh man, I love the melting pot Man, it's good stuff I'm very grateful of dipable things And I'm dipping everything in chocolate But you are Don't let Josh see it I'll be dipping myself If you dip it himself in chocolate I'm so mad I'm not there Actually, I would have liked that though I love how you're a fondue man Now do they just bring you the dessert fondue They also bring you that cheese fondue Well, they got a whole bunch of different dips in here Like, oh I'll let them eat Chocolate He's a boy Chocolate Raspberry dark chocolate Raspberry dark chocolate All my blood sugar is going up and I'm listening Oreo marshmallow dark chocolate Oh no Oh my god I'm looking for some seasoning Into that right now Wow It's all the same right now It's all the same right now Yeah They didn't bring you all the beast Which cheese doesn't mean that we're going to work me But they also have the way They also have cubes of cheese I believe they stick in the And that he says meat I mean maybe not I think they do Do you? No They said they don't But anyway, it sounds fantastic That's a lot more variety than we ever used to I've back in the day when I discovered a million pot of hundred years ago What's up? Let's see For our poll What does that say? A man seems man serious On Douglas Road Just seven three What about the monks in? What about the monks in? Are they small defeated in this Cause they were to match His man and he looked like a bunch of geeks Put it on their monks You have any chocolate And what else does it say? Moral cancel little Havana M.O.R. I can't read with that first one Is can you? On Douglas Road near seven three Look at it Man serious man Seans man On the Sears I think it's here I think it's here What? Oh yeah On the Bryan Sears He's my man, Bryan Sears What was the name of the restaurant? On Brickle near the high Regency Miami Thank you Steve there For what's the name? Huh? Let's call Hake up No, I think I know what that is There was a jesus I was thinking about this yesterday I meant to ask him this morning It was, it will come back to me Somebody will call it Also they could take in in Miami On Southwest 124 Sweden South Tixie And last but not least Flynn's Dixie ribs at 157 The second in South Tixie This is from art Thanks art The could take in in Miami Got the could take in We got it now Just don't tell me bit the commissions Watch out than retail But then See a LW when you gotimport atサÄ colour My father is the brand Okay, it's fine With you MPG Our mune Andreas Heible In large Alaska Tomorrow I'll take a lesson Okay Hold on Again did anybody bring up to the group? No. I think they closed down to make condos. Okay. Tourist stay constant to grow. Very popular. Got it. Thanks, pal. You got it. Tourist not to be confused with tourists like the astrologer. Tourists, they are a TAUR US. Tourists, USA. Tourists. They had tourists in the group and that's why tourists are no longer there. WDQAN Hello. They knew, I know you forgot for your forward jabbered dude. Zanado? Yeah. Where's Zanado? That's in Orlando. WQAN Hello. Not there on five marks that down. Not a good sign. WQAN Hello. QAN. Yeah, the restaurant was called Mancini, the Addamat. Yeah, well how much score on a right, schmuck, M-A-N-C-E-N-E. Mancini A with an E-N-E. Okay. Puts. Let's start with an S. Yeah. As an S-H. Mancini. I wonder how Henry is doing. Is he still dead? I think so. Oh. Now, my Henry Burrell. Come in to QAN Hello. Hey, Neil, I'm our user. Okay, sir. What about the studio? You remember that one? Yeah. It's in third place, 48 votes. Okay, and I think the main material looking for a brick on which five River Gate. Size River Gate does where Hank used to be at all the time. That's the one. Okay, sir. You have a second. That's long gone, right? Yes, sir. Thanks. Size River Gate. That's the one. C-Y, a posture V, as River Gate. Size. Thank you, Steve. They're all the time. That's why he wasted 600 pounds. See, I knew that, no. What? The callers. Yeah, well, of course they know. And if I just shut up and take some of these calls and said, keep reading that and they're all pulled over and over again. But I know there's a message in there for them. There's a message. What do you want to do with us? Well, what do you back? How do you like that? Lina. Lina. Good luck. A lot of losers over there, man. A lot of these would bridge daddy's money. Tying radio. Tying make believe radio. I'm Dennis Collins's phone station. I was starting to say before about 790. And if you went. And then of course it was a WNWS. You know what they went off the air. They went dark first. We went on the air in 1978. April. April. About 38. About 38. After the stage of Benchard offer, it's time. Like out of nowhere. And I was on at night to late to midnight. And I remember the first, I think the first call I took was from Oakland Park. And I thought, call from Oakland Park as on KAT. The signal was so bad. It would be a cold day in hell. We'd ever get a call from Oakland Park. You know, we were the mommy beat station, whatever. We were fuzzy nasty signal. We were about 10 watts. And here, WNWS, 790. And then of course, remember the snooze cruise, when they finally gave up on the talk, when we put them out of business. Right? And Benchard and I became Jefferson Pilot this operation. Now, seriously, what did we come after that? I don't know. Was that when it went to become Waxi? And it was like, wasn't there something in the air? And it were like, brokering all the time. And it had all those losers on the air. And Sylvia's, and we started farming out stuff over there when we had two ball games. And we like contracted two things at the same time, which Greg is famous for. And we started using them as a fair farm station. And then all of a sudden came Joel Fineberg's daddy with a whole bunch of money. Let's play sports radio. Oh, yeah. Let's be big shots now. We got the dolphins for four and a half million a year. Wow. And of course, we got Jimmy Siffle. As you fare when a game is which is pathetic. I'm thinking if they were smart, we're certain not. They get, I mean, no, I'm never going to put him on the air. I guess they can't because they got Joe Rose. I just can't see Mo and Joe doing the, the dolphin show. Yeah, natural. No, I don't think they're going to be working on the dolphin games or anything else together. I don't think this is what happened when you bring your bridges in. And everybody, Mo, I tried to tell you that you wouldn't listen to me when you piss off everybody. Then all of a sudden all the doors are closed. Ah, that's correct. But that would make sense though if you know, put him back under doing a play by playing. Maybe little dog could like, I don't know. Because if they were smart, they would let, they would let Howard and I can't believe our problem Howard. They would let Mo and the Mad Dog just continue doing the games over there. What nothing wrong with that? Oh, we don't want to promote them. They're on another station. So instead, they put on Jimmy Siffle. You fare people are just squealing all over time about you. You got to be kidding us, is that that's your idea of a football broadcast big deal. Yeah. Probably that's after 12 at 5. 60. I tell you, it's been going to big the beast who weighed about 7. Zillion, he would get on the skill and just go to a tilt. That's all. And he did balance for life the first time. And he lost 60 pounds, remember? I do. And then they started stealing a somebody in the building with stealing his sack and he would go off the sack and he stopped eating the food and he blew up again. When he's out of the game now for serious, because he wants to lose that way before his wedding day, he's lost nine pounds and who's a damn lot more. And balance for life is done for you again just in time for Valentine's Day. Pamp or your significant other when you're self at the same time with gourmet meals and snacks. Third daily in that little black sack for less than 20 bucks a day. It's called the double deal. And if you sign up now, balance for life will give you the book, what to eat in the zone? The secrets of the zone diet will recipes and helpful hints. Now you and your spouse, a friend co-worker, can both share the benefits and the convenience of the zone diet. Remember, are Jay Sears and Barry Sears and Gene Sears and Dr. whatever his name was Sears? What is his name? That wrote his own. Barry. 20 just said. You know both your choice of two meals and two snacks, two bottles of water and two utensil pack. Now that is a double deal. And liver is included too. They deliver right you to it homework, where you're going to be hanging out. And we sat enjoying the weight loss and health benefits of balance for life. You can really enjoy the convenience too. If you know you're going out for dinner, you can choose to eat just breakfast and lunch. You can choose any of your two meals per day anytime you want. So, and don't forget, balance for life is the only service that lets you choose your meals. They bring you a menu and you pick and choose whatever you want for each meal each snack, etc. And then you turn right now, gets signed up and serve receiving meals and get the book what to eat in the zone. And start losing that disgusting debilitating gross unhealthy fat right away. Call balance for life 866-225-4543. That's 866-225-4543 on the web. It's balanceforlife.com. This is meal rotter. To help this is 566-186. Sounds like a roller. Yes, it's not every time you see. It's the way God works. Want to take a baby and cover it and sleep. Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again. Turfie wants to make new or leave sleep good. And I don't care what people are afraid. I can't see Jackson. We are black people. It's common service. Show the God as well. The compares the most will still are weirdly gone. The far-tracker. We're getting paid. Yes, right now you can pay. Reign it again. There's the ones making the or leave sleep good. It's got a blast that comes together. It's got a blast that rebuild. It build a new world as the one that should be uptown in all the way. Every day. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new world. He never takes the blame for anything to say. Chocolate. Catch it in the debate. Catch off the ends of God's be hangin'. Up one ball there. Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again. There's the ones to make new or leave sleep good. You can't have the wall is no other way. It was the main wall. Okay, so stay with some of that fine dude. Cause then you can dip no all ends in and it'll be choppin'. That a good idea. Oh, it's a great idea. Yeah, you said I interrupted your lunch there. Yeah, no. What's the, well, what are you eating there now? I am eating at the moment a strawberry that we have pineapple pound cake. I don't know what these things are hangin'. Get some marshmallows. Oh marshmallow roll. Golden Graham cracker crumbs. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Barbells covered with, with that, with Oreo cookie crumbs, hm, and pineapple and pound cake. I already said pound cake. My blood's your reduce one up to 700. And they've got all kinds of dip in chocolates. What? You dip it? Butter, scotch chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, raspberry chocolate, and the marshmallow Oreo. So it's a damn good thing that we discovered this for a lot of people out there or aren't diabetic and aren't going to die from this because this is way above and beyond in the beginning when it was pretty simple and pretty, you know, they only had like a few different things. And they got like 80 million different things you can dip it in. And the guys are nice. They're going to give me a make good melting pot meal. Remember I told you about my nightmare. Yes, so it is very nice and we beat. Well, they're going to make it good even though it wasn't their fault these are different guys. Well, thank God for that. 931 votes on the pull. What was the best song for the rest of the year? You know, I just discovered the Josh Curtis is illiterate. Why is that? I just discovered that. No, I'm not. I just discovered long. I spelled it out for you. Size Rivergate. See why a poster FES. He's got S.Y. A poster Fee Rivergate. I was talking as I the E.A. Possible Rivergate. Yeah, whatever. Whatever my ass. I was dipping chocolate over here. Yeah, you were dipping it all right. That's what I'm afraid of. Get cereal. Don't let stuff here about it. What was the best song for the rest of the year? The last 20 years. Burton J. S. 186. Ruffies 114. The studio 50. Conference 49. My 545. Croquies in North 5, would be $43. That place was that was like the landmark of South Florida. Once that place posed on, you could just pack up the flag and head on out for Ojas or somewhere. Just get out. The crowd round 40. Down under 39. And you know what else is not there? It's not for this poll. It just brings a tear to my eye. That basket robins drive 263. Right? You know what I'm talking about? I know exactly what you're talking about. In fact, the cross-estreet used to be what was the department's throw that I'm sure is not there anymore. I don't know. No, not there. That's here. Come on. You can do it. I'm thinking. But you know what I'm talking about? It means. No. Thank you. So it was Gordon Marsh. Not sure. It's clear. I love Gordon Marsh. Yeah. They were great. We tend to just do our like they closed it down. Every time here there's a restaurant. I like I think closed it down too. Oh, it's a board of the Jefferson. Jefferson. Oh, Jefferson. Jefferson. See, I had to do this think of weasy and you thought of the Jefferson. Anyway, that's where the basketball robins drive through. And there were some days like an IOD when you'd have one of those depressing days and boyd you're it was acting up or Mike Disney was throwing up in a waste basket. And on the way home, I would take a little turn off there at the Golden Glaze and get on 163 and go to that drive through with the basketball robins join. Oh, man. Did a lot of damage to myself, but it sure was good. The ground round 40 down under 39 Mr. Coney Island 37 schmutz. Mike Gordon's 36 New York steak house 35. That was supreme man. I was excellent. Heming waste 31. George's wife used to work there. At House of Echo 2018, spaghetti house 27, laid home 25, Il Molino 21. In David, the one who forlorned it by the gateway fever is still there. Please. And you lift up 20 videos 20. Beads, Hankler of videos 2. I think it was one of his sponsors once upon a time. Beads. We'll discuss all of this with him in the morning with Fatsau. Rocky Gratziani 17, Pizano 13, which is steak house it doesn't. These steak Charlie's 10, where they had the sangria and an audience and pedola shrimp. Eat it and peel it and peel it and peel it and eat it. And stick it. Clifford's a top at a home 8, Vinnie's 7, for our steak house 4. Charter 3, give these two to guys pizza 2. The ruling pub 2, size of a gate. And look at this Eric, because I know you can't do it. You can't change it or they're directed to write. Eric did it. See, once we got into this food thing, that caught his attention. Cut it. Yeah, so he really had them. Thanks Eric. Size of every gate. We scrubbed our cave and our Josh is a literate and busy with the dipping is thing. One, man, see these none and amongst them. So no matter how you scrub and see me, you know, it is guys a literate and he's giving me a song to dance because I can't figure out what it is. M-A-N-C-E-R-X-S-O-Y-Z-Q-P. Nice. Nice spelling idiot. Well maybe they had a better spelling. It still be a business. Right, that could be it. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Enee. Yes, sir. I got two for you. I got two. I got a question. Where you two? Go ahead. Last night I was going through some pictures of my house. And I got, I've been driving truck there in Miami. What year was it you had those? I had a bumper shop, a bumper shop, a bumper shop, a front tire, a front bumper. Yeah. With a big foot, a set-go home, so long ago. Oh, I don't even know which station I was from. Was that on Z-N-R? Was that on I-O-D? I think it was I-O-D, but if you met for the big foot and the fall was under it. vaguely. I-I-I-Greens baguette. I would say 89-90 something like that. 89-90. Okay, I got two restrooms for you. Yes, sir. Wayne Arnold? And then the barbecue barn. barbecue barn. What was that? We're going to sit down. We're down the street for a while. Wayne Arnold. Okay. Oh, barn. Wayne is reopening any minute, so we're not going to... I'm not going by there the other day. It looks bad, man. What do you mean? I don't know. I just don't like his do anything to it. Well, he's doing something to it. I can't say it on the other way. What he's doing. But he really, really kind of real. Have a great day, pal. Get rid of them frogs. That's what they said in Magnolia. So we don't want to put Wayne on there. Because he didn't call us here. Not that long ago. He'll be reopening. He'll be, I've got to go over it again. Just give him some time, man. Of course, in that neighborhood, you can only work out in certain hours in the daytime when it's sometimes very bright. Like, oh, no, was the other way said in barbecue barn? Right. Okay, we'll see how Josh spells that. Highly in the barn. That's probably right. I mean, I look a lot like Ridley Villain Chicago, but Marlon's president. Oh, this is chopped off. So I can't read it. Good. To highly amere Julio Rebeina that he can see Florida's fifth largest city as with a future Ridley Field. During our long meeting yesterday, the two discussed potential sites for the Marlins. We loved them. Marlins. They really blow. I mean, Robine and proposed two locations work to be built on the highly apart race track and on the side of the former fearless, dangerous, they had something rather undeveloped there to say, how about the cockable restaurant and the high-alia and North Miami Beach? They've written it. They used to be a sponsor of mine and Craig Warding too. That was in President Remembers and Eme the family. The guy's name was Saul and his son ran a one-on-a-high-alia. So they were at the very end of the place. I mean, that's all. I don't know what you're that close down, but they had two of them. I don't want to put it on the floor. I just want to say it a whole bunch of times on the air. No, it will go on. Like I said, the Joyce and Bull. Now, what was that on the place? Her bets. I wanted to take close down. I was another sponsor of mine for about ten minutes. Perbee goal. Neil, what's wrong with my commercials? The guy you put you listen to me. This was a W. News. He would sit and he would time his live spot with a stopwatch. And it was like 58 seconds. It could have been the best spot I ever did in my life. It was 58 seconds. He was not happy because he didn't get a 60 seconds, yeah? What's wrong with my commercials? Bye bye, Herbee. And I guess he assaulted somebody and was still around and maybe he doesn't know. I guess a lot of the cops you see in their her bets. Whatever that means, you know? You know what that means? That means they don't pay and they're probably going to pay. I see. Yeah. Just like the cops that you see, they all make the coffee need all the donuts there. And that convenience store and a quarter of university and where is it? And Broward Boulevard. Oh, that's a lot more. Don't you remember that there's a banker some of that? They went to belly up. Maybe too many free donuts into much coffee for the plantation cops. That's the way it goes. That's the way it goes. There goes again. Market of it. There's some plantation cops that are good guys. They like me a lot. And then there's something like the chief was real a whole. When we come back after the break, I'm going to take our sneak peek there with that Great co-texting and we better like the approach. We had 777 last time I looked. 777, huh? What do you think? That's not it. Rosemary Clooney. Come on in my house, boy. Could she belt out that tuner? No, no. What? What? The master. Benny Clooney was married. It's chicken neckluck this. Benny Clooney was married to Puppy Compo. Okay. Yeah, see you think I'm making that up. Asked chicken, I can't tell you. Puppy Compo. I had some kind of music and some kind of goofball. I used to show up like on the today show where some of those different kind of idiotic show. Sure, he'll tell me all about it. Back in the day with the Dave gearway in Jackless schoolie and the chimps and that's up. Puppy Compo. Sounds like something you've gotten your backyard. Cocka. Yeah. Oh. 27 pass noted. 5, 60, 7. I see everybody's in such a great mood today as a poliist. We're a little bit down, a little bit depressed. We got joist to party out this year here. But today we're having like a big party. He has nothing to do with the fact that our incompetent or inept sale. And that the Curtis is leaving. Not Curtis, Stevenson, don't get panicky. But Curtis Raymond Burr. He's leaving. So I guess Joel Bell, his idea when he came in was to come in. I wouldn't say clean house would be the word, but come in and clean out this sludge. You know. Get rid of all the festering source. Get rid of the chancers that were like infecting the ground. I'm going jo. Now he's not too crazy about you. 28 pass noted. QAM Dry Concepts have been telling you for years about the expertise in carpool cleaning and how they clean my carpools for over 20 long years. Right now I want you to take advantage of their maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount. And I'll draw concepts services including their one of a kind of carpool cleaning that makes your carpools look in feeling smell just like brand new. Leathered, drapey or in the rug cleaning too. Dry Concepts also specialize in pet or treatment ceramic carl and grub cleaning when it out clean that baby out. Matt risk cleaning and lots more. And during the month of February, which starts tomorrow last time I check, Dry Concepts has got a special offer on a poultry cleaning for you. And I'll replace the furniture just because it's soiled. So SLLIDED, salided or soiled. Let dry Concepts rejuvenate your furniture in a fraction of the cost of replacement or re-appulsoring. Is your furniture salided? All of dry concepts like Missions are specially trained and certified to provide you with the best possible service and they'll always give you upfront a written estimate. Never any attack ons at the end of the job. Oh, sorry, it's going to cost you a lot more. They give you written guaranteed estimate of front and professional service all the time. Don't be fooled by the inventators. There's only one dry concept. I'm sure you made a big investment when you decorated your home and outstimbed or protect. And major investment. Call dry concepts today and they grow it in the palm beaches. It's a tool free call and don't forget February special, a poultry cleaning. Dry Concepts had 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Be sure and tell them that you'll ever withdraw a Torstrat for a tour to the call or on their website It's www.rygconcepts.com. This is Neil Rodgers. This is 516-18. Come on. You've got a lot of bucks to your rich. Wait. I've made you suck you son of a bitch. So you're stupid. Wait. You made a son of a money my ripping off a face full of enthusiasm. I think it's true that we sound deep. You'll always be a garbage man. And now the marlins are the last place. Wait. I'd like to punch you riding a face. Wait. A lot of people want a vomit as a mention of your name. You took a team to prove it. And I know just why you'll do so. We always get a screw and win. You really put us down a dumps. Wait. You played a song for me to leave jumps. Wait. You're gonna sell the marlins. And you will collect the plot of cash. It's kind of strange and now somebody else is thinking of your friends. You're all in parkmark. It's basically sick. Wait. I'd like to give you a rassal ticket. Let them wait. You're not deep. Well, I'm sure all the shit that's in it. The show's a lack of rain. I don't care what you buy yourself. You're way up to a business else. I wish that you would go to hell. Hey man. And the reason I played that now is because I haven't played enough over the years. Poor Laudery of Vittner, H. Wayne Heisinger, say they'd be inducted into junior achievements who has business Hall of Fame in the April ceremony in Milwaukee. I'm right. The Hall of Fame. How's that blockbuster park coming? Pretty good. Oh, it's great. Heisinger of the dolphins is recognized as the only person who build three businesses in the Fortune 500 companies. They are auto nation, Schluckbuster entertainment, and waste management. Garbage is his middle name. Also being inducted are Home Depot co-founders. Let's see. Chief Executive of Build a Bear workshop. And a bunch of other people that I've ever heard of. In a statement, junior achievements set the six whistle-elected for induction based in their business excellence vision, innovation leadership and community involvement. Last year, Heisinger and his wife Marty donated $2 million for the junior achievement Heisinger Center for Free Enterprise and the Brown County Community College North Campus. He's here at them. They're Schmer and Bach. You know, one handshmer is the other. The old Schmer away with that very bad conflation. I just think about those days that one glorious fluke year, the Panthers had when they went to the Stanley Cup finals and everybody was still on the rats. And it's only when he talked about Southore. We loved the Panthers all that phony and he used to sit with his wife Marty down there and they'd be behind the goal kind of in the core there. And every now and then they have the brainstem in there too with him. And we loved the Panthers. And of course after that it was all went south, you know. Once Marty saw a Doug McLean, a little mouthing those four letter words. In fact, Marty Heisinger, she enjoys and the typical lot of good together. And it's important for taking throwing the rats? No, I did not. I don't believe in throwing crap on the ice. Okay. And the fact that before this season started, there were people saying, Well, what I've asked the league, no, no, you can't. Throwing crap on the ice, stripping yourself out of bush league thing, you know. But it was very exciting. Yeah, it's a time. Very sad. Well, what about the hats? What about that? Back in the day. Yeah, what about the octopuses? What do we back in the day? What do we back in the day? We back in the day? Stiltro hats out there? That's where a hat tree. That's where three goals. They still throw those on there. But that's not like the rats. What about the octopuses with the red wings? What about it? I think that's discussing in growth test. I think it's funny. Well, I'm glad you do. Okay. I'm going to be the other side of the show. I can put on your head and see how you like it. Wrap it's testicles all around you. We did that. He did like it. That's why I think that's why he's different. I think he's different. I can put some F on do right now too. By the way, I'm going to pass out. Just wait. We want to put that out there. If you hear your blow. You're probably like 17,000 right now. Oh, God. You know, he's supposed to eat that very slowly. So it doesn't like a, right? Yeah, right. Like a joltier system and send your blood sugar to the sugar. So we're soaring up. Oh, for me. Then you get up. He's going to drop down. You're going to pass out on the floor. Of course you ought to be used to it. We're always talking about that every time you're out sick. How you're always passing. No other people are going to head cold. They get a sore throat. They're just keep falling on the floor. That's what they're staggering around. Actually hiding under the bed crying. I don't know if you had a jam. You would have had that. The way is life is to work it. I got your pardon. You would have had to eat this in the end. And isn't it great? There's other good reason out there. I'm not. I don't eat during the show. I do not eat during the show. This is probably why I'm still alive. That was terrible memories of these that Lady Brudon that rugeloss would pure sugar coating on the outside. Just bathing in sugar. I ate that and my sugar was going up and up and up and up and my head was spinning like a drain line and any idea what planet I was on. You would have eaten this whole tray and you would man. I would have eaten it dead. There are any ambulance on the way to the hospital. The best out for all here you go. That was a great place. And they closed yesterdays and four-logged on the intro coast. That was a fantastic place. Great French onion soup and primer. The best thing to use you right. And yesterdays is closed. I guess yesterday now, huh? It's history. Yep. With Mary Schallemberg, or it's history, fourth on the outside. Hit it again, Mary. Yesterdays. We got it. We got it. I guess you can scroll that. See, he has self-sets. Both of these guys. Their blood sugar is souring and we apologize for that fear of us swimming. Nothing. What a great party. What a great party. What a great party. What a great party. Oh, at White Chocolate Amoretto Tip. Hmm. White chocolate, the Ray Niggane to empty about that. Now listen, here's the a pull so far from the Harold. Great co-tex. Favorite sports talk host.<|tr|>. Madd'in? 15? Yorun? Yorun?<|tr|>. 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 18? 145. The Humper 87. Civic hit 76. And the big O has got, the third man rock solid. I like that. They love the big O. What a surprise. And as far as the two stations head they had no to know is side by each. Your favorite sports talk of these big two Q a n 729 and 790 136. You follow those out of 865. The 729 136. We'll go way over a thousand. like I said I want to see 50,000 votes on at the bed the great coat takes blog. I want to see votes oozing out of the computer falling on a floor and dripping all over the carpet. Then called right concepts. See what I'm saying? 729 to 136. I'm saying they suck. There's what Beth Bernstein said too much. She said, work on over there. She said no matter how bad it is here. She said, that's what I'll find, Brig, I wouldn't wish him on Hitler. And I can't believe she said that. Is that incredible? It's incredible. Beth Bernstein said that she outed the whole deal going over there. She knows where all the bodies are buried too. She knows about stu-gots' roots, daddy and stu-gots' ain't gots. She said stu. What about her name is this way? She said you ain't gots. Maybe she was thinking about his real name, John Weiner. Ain't gots. 955 on our poll. The best off for the restaurant to close in the last 20 years. Burton Jackson, 189. Oh Jesus. Wolfies 115. The studio 53. It's moving up to third. Pumpkin X52. I mean, Puppinix was very good. But how do you put Puppinix in the class like with a studio? I just hit the kind of silly. It usually have a lot of old-osues listening now, who like to steal a silverware in a sweet and low. My pie 46. Korky's north-bound with V-43. And a little potato-like, his man. Oh, it was Hanukkah all year long. The ground rounds 40, down under 40, Mr. Koni Island 38. Actually, the food there was okay. We just unappetizing place. You just wanted to always take out, run outside. My Gordon's 36. New York Statehouse 36. Marnie's, Marty's Sussman. Big fact guy, dead. Hemingway 33. No who used to work there? Yeah, he didn't speak any house 28. Kassaveki at 28. Late-doll 25. Il Moline Owen, day be 21. You bastards. Why did they close that down? English Pub 20, videos 20. Rocky Gratziani's still seven-day attack. 17 this morning, still got 17. And that's how's only 17. It was a rule left to remember how good it was. Paisano 13, 8 Paisano. Mitches stay cast 12. V-state Charlie's 11. Clifford's 8. Top of the homemade in Hollywood. Top of the home used to be like a sponsor of. Bob Savage, Western PC used to do the dog racing show on the cable on channel. What used to be 51? Okay. I think Jiffy used to be on her too. And the top of the home was their sponsor in Hollywood. Dick Dick. What's that? What's his name? Dick Kami. Oh, what a brain. What a mind from 100 years ago. Dick Kami's top of the home restaurant. And the thing was spinning around like a cradle to restaurant. I think it started spinning too fast. It's by the one I've been in. 27, where you start off the toilet seat. Tarr steak house. Five. Two guys, pizza or three. All for a. No. Charlie. Three. Give me two. They're really pub two. Yesterday's one. Barbecue. Baran. You see, he's no matter how you spell it. Anka. And the monks in is gotten nine out of nine hundred sixty. Most the monks in is got a monks in was sensational. What is wrong with you people, man? That is bad. You know, I mean, you can't live in the past. But a lot of us would like to. In fact, when we like to turn a clock back about 20 years. Maybe. I'm a third man. He isn't like do it all over again. I'm just telling you. What do you do? That's good number. Only this time. Get it right. This is Neil Rogers. You're fair. This is five sixty two eight. Beware of exploding balls. There to my amicats with a hot disease. There are the streets fighting cry. They pass at the end of the space there. There you are. It's a hell of a deal by. We get a problem. The great thing is that it's a little trace. Lieutenant in that the group has seen your citizens. I wonder why I'm trying to get the early birds. Special act of seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. Oh, it's tough. It's not a clean-out this tree. Hey, lady. You can't cross the area. You'll have to cross in the line. Yeah, there's no turn. But the clean-out this closely is this. All right. Just carry your under arrest. Also now you're arresting my wife for the discharge. It's a power of an act of birth. Let's see that white dust. And just a thought. We're under back and here. Go forward. Sweet and low. And that restaurant you just can. Let's take a minute. Yeah. There it comes. Yeah, there it comes. Yeah, there it comes. I'm not a hot movie. Here in the hell of the air of the ice. We're doing this small MVZ. You know, one of the real sweet ironies of this whole thing with the Palestinian Hamas, winning in the landsline. Yeah. And I've arrested a world of saying, well, you know what recognize is real. And therefore we ain't going to do business with you. And we're not going to give you any money. And we don't like your attitude. Yeah, isn't that what they've been talking about as all this free and democratic elections? Great. And that was the big claim to fame. Oh, yeah, we're going to have democratic elections. But we don't like to resolve it. So screw you guys. And in that the big reason that we are supposed to support is real that they're the only democracy even though they were alive. But if you don't like who we like, then screw you guys. And then they send counterlies around there with a big mouth out in the crap. Which we're going to have it all rights. Now this is going to not sound that long. David, I mean, God forbid I should read something by Gordon. All right. Hey, Gordon. You're fairy. What does he know? He says today the 31st of January and a Howardier election year of O6 could be a memorable day if we all do our part, which is simply to concentrate among other things and do perhaps with a couple of groups of decided would be useful for the president. I guess his state of the union. I give him some idea of our state, which is one of great satisfaction with him in his regime. And there's talk of perhaps demonstrating a firmly capital or a hero there around the country to show that the union is occupied by people who often be patriots and pay toists do not like this government. This is an unpaid periodic government. This is a government that deals openly in illegal ways, whether it's attacking a country which is done no harm to us, two countries are reckoned Afghanistan, because now we believe not in declaring more through Congress's the Constitution requires, but through the president. Well, I think there's some terrorist over there and I think we got a bomb of them. Well, bomb. Now we've had the issues presidents before he's not unique, but he's certainly the most active idiot we've ever had. And now here we are planning new wars ongoing wars in the Middle East, and so he comes with a state of the union, which he's going to justify eavesdropping without judicial wars and anybody may want to listen in on. This is what we call big leadership. Dig Tadership. Dig Tadership and it's time that we objected. Don't wait till the next election and do it through that. We just can't trust the election. Thanks to Diabold and SMS and all the electronic devices which are being flogged across this country to make sure that elections can be rigged so that the villains will stay in power. I think demonstrations across the country could be very useful on this famous Tuesday. Just say no. We've had enough of you. Go home to Crawford. We'll help you raise the money for a library. You won't even have ever have to read a book. We're not cool. We just got right to get rid of you. We're not going to be next president with his own library, which you can fill up with friends of yours who can either read nor write, but they'll be well served and well paid. We hope I corporate America, which will love you forever. So I think it really is up to us to give some resonance to the state of the union, which will be largely babble. He's not going to really try to do anything about social security. We read in the papers. He has no major moves of them going on and on about the legality of his illegal war unless he's dropping out of the breakings of the law. I had a piece on the internet some of you may have seen a few days ago and there's a story about Tiberius who's one of my favorite Roman emphorers. He's had very bad press because the wrong people press a written history. But when he became emperor, they sent a de-romoset him congratulations for the comment, and he thought that you want us to pass we shall do so automatically. He sent a message back. He said, this is outrageous. Suppose I go mad, suppose I don't know what I'm doing. Suppose I'm dead and somebody is pretending to be me. Never do that. Never expect something like preemptive war, which luckily de-romoset it did not propose preemptive wars again. Faces that they didn't like, but Mr. Bush has done that. So this is sort of a tiberius time without basically a good emperor and he was a good emperor in the sense that he sent back this legislation which was to confirm anything he wanted to have done automatically. And they sent it back to him again and then he said, how eager are you to be slaves and watched his hands of the Senate and went to live in Capri a much-wise or choice. Just as we can send this kid back to Crawford, Texas, where he'll be very, very happy cutting bushes of the leafy variety. You know what's at the time when people say, what it makes no difference, what we do, you know, if we march and make speeches and listen that, it makes a lot of difference of millions of Americans just say, we're fed up, we don't like you. We know like what you're doing to the country and what you've done to the country. We know like to live in a lawless land where the rule of law has just been bypassed and hacks are appointed to the federal, eventual carry on and carry on and carry on all the illegalities which are so desperately needed by a military industrial corporate masters. I think if they've dedicated that and to just showing up here and here and there around the country will be a good thing to do. And so let the powers that be know that back then there's something called, we the people of the United States and all sovereignty arrested us. Not in the boardrooms of the Republicans. But then again, what is Gervitt all in all right? Wow, I was going to say, he doesn't know. Yeah, but then I took it back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. By the way, speaking of your president, latest pool as we asked today, NBC and River Elsa, ABC and whosin, NBC, Wall Street Journal pool. Proveal rating 39 percent. Oh my God. More president. Don't worry than a box has sawdust. 39 percent. 54 percent, disability rating. In addition, only 25 percent say they want to see Bush take the lead rule and setting policy for the country. 49 percent say they prefer Congress. They don't like Congress much, but they can stand him less. He's off track says, pollster, what's his name, heart, Peter Hart, all hearted. One of his official uses state of the Union dressed as strike a mark in soliatory, tone with his political opponents. If it's our way or the highway, it'll be a very long year for the president, Peter Hart said. How you like that? Very long year for him. And for all of us too. Who's that food take on? They're talking about the Oscars, but the glass is who is that? One of those movie critics. See, we're in the theater. I've been such a short thing to say. Oh my God. My most Michael must have in the village voice. Hey, Michael. You're fair. Wow. What's that scene from Rope Park Mountain? Look what they're doing there as well. Has there ever been a film of gay love that's won the Oscars before? Yeah, I'm kiss of the slider woman in the 80s. One best actor for William Hurt. And that was about a gay outrageous character with a fancy idea. And it was nominated for Best Picture. But no, this would probably be the first gay theme to movie to win Best Picture. And I'm quite certain it will. A big surprise also perhaps the biggest challenge that to pro-factments in crash. Crash wasn't movie that was very well received when it came out. It's about a while. Why is that the movie critics all have to be either gay or have a big mustache like an E.N.V.C.G. and Charlotte? I do like Charlotte so my Charlotte, but never the other one. I'm not a 0.0. It's a good point. I don't know why that is. Yeah. Tom five, six, well like what's his name? Rex Reed. Oh, yes. That's because the up-queen that's both have such good taste and everything like clothing, and movies and stuff. Like lies and menel, you know? Yes. And what's that cabaret? What about five, six, seven, oh, five, six? There are times when I walk this week here and I see a whole bunch of people I think. You people look like you're to a cast from cabaret. Well, life is a cabaret. Once you're standing, do you know what I'm saying? W2QAM Hello. Wow, you're pushing really well. W2QAM Hello. Hey. Yes sir. Was that the mica you had on there? How about things? We noticed that the mica was still in business though. So we don't have the mica on our thing. How you like that? And we don't. WQAM Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How about two big change? That's been close for a long time. The super exchange. Yeah. Small cows, a barbecue and a on-home deal. Okay. Small cows barbecue and howl and dail. Got it? Got it. And the super exchange, you can put that on there. It was okay. It was a good idea that we could go and trade soup for other soup. Yeah. You bring in a can of camels and they got like hines and they got progress. No, no. It was a place where they had all these great soups. They had salad. See, it was a very good color. I was just saying about salad. And they charge you by the pound. And by the ounce by the weight. You put your stuff on a plate and they charge you by the weight. And it was kind of great. But you're too late because they're gone. Super same. It's a good idea for people who love soups. And I happen to love soups. Which most of them are like they've got a lot of fat in it. And a lot of salt, not good for you. Lots to that because it got this low fat consume over here. I'd like to trade for something like that. Low fat soup. Oh my god. The worst. There is nothing in the world worse than low fat and low salt soup. It tastes like something parasolton left in a can. What do we got? We got 90. We're going to get to 1,000 votes right by the top of the hour. How do you like that Josh? You said now we can't do it. That's right. No. Sounds good though. It was no good. It's surely a good nice free lunch. I'm already good stuff. It's a melting pot for a lot of dollar. Melting pot. Now we're out there. There are 11.35 north federal highway in Fort Latterdale. All right. You know who I first laid eyes on. I have a very sentimental feeling for the melting pot for one reason. Yeah. The melting pot in Kindle. I guess that was a sponsor way back when in Irvine. It's mainly the melting pot in coral springs. But anyway, you're best friend. They used to work there. The melting pot in coral springs. How's the food? These two and great. He says you talk a lot. The one in coral, the one in candle. I walk in there because I guess I was going to have dinner with doing like something there. And Alan Dresner was in there with some ugly friend of his from Cooper City High. Okay. Alan Dresner. And I looked at Alan and I thought for myself, Oh my God. Then I found out that all the kids went to school with Alan So I was a real A-hole and that whatever. You sure used to look good Alan. Probably still do, but that's okay. Those were the days, man. Those were really the days. Those zated days. Those salad days as they say. Now what does that really mean? The salad days. I guess that's when you got salad. When more shallow used to. Who don't want to sell? I ran and have steak and lobster myself. Time for the arrow be checking out that. Listen, you folks got a big assignment. All this week. This isn't just the one day deal now. And of course with both coming on and to a clock being kind of the Delivered that he is. He's a great guy. He's very dull. His name wasn't never even mentioned on there, which I think is Grotesque respect. His name was never mentioned Curtis Stevenson. Gildy was never mentioned. Intentionally, by the way, by Greg Cortex. So those got an incentive to really lean on this thing. You know, give us a whole bunch of votes on his stupid Greg Cortex. Miami-Herald. The log-pull. When you think that vote should give us a lot more. You think? 972 people have voted so far on that blog. Look at that. Look at you. Look at you. Here comes cookie. Man. 825 per for QAM. And 147 retards prefer LaBastard on whatever that other place is. Process 3. Meal. Ready. Min. Is 5. 16. Oh my god. How many jazz hay people that use snappy albanners for their show? segments. Like that. One to two. Wow. This is Dan Rabbit, former CDS E.D. News anchor man. And now. A punchline. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me. Demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. First, Bob Shefer. Nice enough man, but please. He's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use rogue games. Another name that has been banished about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CDS E.D. News. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red. He can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Kelly from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think. Plus he's skinnier than Kelly Ripper. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply. The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor K.K. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.L.O.Fuchit. Plus, her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she wreaks of gene to take. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistler is to blow, a gong is to bang, and K.D. Kerc has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan Rather. This is, this fact you just sent me, this is the shock to hell out of me. From the desk of the legend and the Rothman, oh that fact. Yeah, about the pool. Forget the pool, Mr. Kony Island is number one, two dogs in a canish. No contest. Also, it says I'm sitting in a bench until I'm watching the time roll away, and it was signed by whoever the real person was. And then they thought better of it, and they like, and they make it more pretty out. Right, I'll mark it at that. Yeah, we got over a thousand hour pool and the other pool. A thousand and two on the red coat text, the master pool. Oh look at this, now do we put my arrows on here, I think we did, didn't we? Did we? Yeah, look, I can't even focus my eyes right now, stuff. I don't tell me we left it off, do over. No. Oh, no. Whoa. Well, I didn't honor, it's not too late. This is still going to be honors throughout the rest of the day, so just relax. We talked about yesterday, it must be my bad, I must have left it off. Oh, dude, this is the important poll, whoever wins gets to be reopened. That's right, whichever restaurant wins, reopens for a week. The narrow state has been a landmark along Hellenade's view about beach-able of arts and 53. It's hardwood day core offered a cup of zone and familiarity to regularists, especially the crowd from nearby Gulfstream Park. Oh, the average age of 110, depth plus 15. It was the place to be a preliminary dignitaries, so everybody's so slight or jockey. They're all to graph photos, dating back to the early 50s, they're covered with the walls of the restaurant and bar. Over the years, however, younger crowds seeking trendier places to control on the statehouse, on top of that the New Hellenade will be to go to our bridge, hit most of the restaurant from view, and blocked access as well, said former owner Nick Minero, love your joint Nick and the place too. So after 51 years the restaurant closes doors for good on May 24th of 2004. At 11 o'clock on July 13th of day, your photos of athletes probably had a display, in other words, I don't want to say that today because they'll be going out all the past 11 o'clock. There are a lot of memories here, saying Eric, for our fetcher, Minero steps and a man's restaurant. During its heyday in the 80s, people lined up to get tables. In those days the restaurant would see 360, served 6 to 700 dinners each night. Recently the crowd's dwindled and the restaurant only served about 300 meals on weekend nights, on average week night the restaurant sold about 80 people. Long time wait for his merry-war ale, no relation to Peter. 63 started working at Minero's in 67 and finding members pouring coffee and talking to celebrities. She says those were the best years of my life. Regular as a Caldale city commissioner Dorothy Rossi, she couldn't believe it, when she heard Minero's close, she drove home and just to see it for herself. She said she took a picture and left, she felt very sad it was a landmark. More recently became a favorite in a spot for Marlon's manager Jack McKean, who brought national attention to Minero's very nice years world serious. He visited Minero's last summer, told the waiter he'd like a chopstick, which was not a menu, but the chef cooked edition, promptly ended the Jack McKean special, was many a chopstick, a hamburger, oh nice, there's good taste for your Marlon's manager, okay? And what do they find to get with his ass? God, I don't know where I'm going to go now, McKean, said, oh we all do, we know where you're going. It was the kind of place where you could find other sports-minded people. Why do you could find a lot of sports-minded people right here on all sports radio, 560, WQA and Mississippi between 10 and 2 when we got that day, Fagot. How do you like that, Jack? I ride it, Clay. Yeah. WQA and hello. There. Yes, sir? Hey, I forgot one of them, I think, in four hours at the cage. The cage, well that was really easy to recognize, used to run around in Leigh-A Tards. I'm adding nice words. Very quiet. Lawing class, lawing class, at Leigh-A Tard-Lawing class, sing Fag kind of stuff. In Lawing class, that's right, the cage, get it on there right away. The cage, it was a real cage, Fag, please. 560, 705, 60, pound five, 60, and leave a rise in the singular, rye of a slime. Right, another one in Deity, that was a good, but very good restaurant. Jimmy, January's. I think you can spell out, can you, Jimmy? January's. Okay. I think he could handle that. Even though both of your heads are swimming around like a ladle and he old air. Well, too much of that sugar, man. You've got any that's a slow, man. You've got a little, yeah, right. There's that Kennedy again, but I mean, but I'd be put about two days at the elite. I was sworn into Supreme Court, and a lot of people are sworn about it. Kiss your ass and your rights goodbye, baby. It's all over the party's over. W2AM, hello. Hello. That thing didn't, it didn't have enough. Great heart. And I'll hit it, go. W2AM, hello. How about not purlify the gateway, movie theater? Okay, not purlify. How do you know, sub-parl? I remember that. I don't, in forelaw to know, not purlify. That was very good. I think I ate there once or twice. A one, a two or three? Yeah, not purlify. P.E.R.L. Got it? Got it. I think it's purlify. I have to spell this out because he is so dim. See if clockwork or orange? Dim. W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What about swimming? Is it an hourdale? Slymis was good. He was so open. Yeah, Slymis is still there. Just keep driving east, baby. You'll hit it. Slymis? Yeah. Oh, the fact that people actually believe that. That was maybe the little light of my life. Go on here and make something up totally. Just totally ridiculous on the face of it. That was a big doubt. I've been away from me. I was at Slymis. You just get on the A1A. Just keep buying. And you get on it. If you remember no matter how many numbers you read off when you were given the address that it came to writing and writing in your 20th. Where was it again? 182, 475, 6, 8, 941. East, Talondale, Beesville, of ours. It's like about six miles out in the ocean. And there are something we've been to the service, maybe. So let me just keep driving. WQA, I'm hello. You mean they wanted to create a drive through which Slymis is there? Do you remember the cats meow on 17th Street before water there? Never hide of it now. Well, it was in the 70s. It was so dark and cold in there. You're walking there on a summer day. You couldn't see inside. Yeah. It's pretty good hamburgers and had girls walk around these little, uh, shorty of it. Nice. It's the cat's meow. Okay, got it. Thanks, buddy. Perfect. Catch me out. You got it? We got it. Yeah. Kill it. Hoping that microwave with it. Try it. It is the year of the dog though. Don't forget. 560, 560, pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless line. Chinese people don't eat dog. Not getting or some merit. Do. And China, they do in China. Yeah. Not in North America. Not in North America. How do you know? And of course I have a line for that, but you're just filming it the mouth. Just walk away. Right. W2AM, hello. Yeah, me up. Yes, sir. Yeah, how about the branding iron up in both? The branding iron, I never heard of it. W2AM, hello. W2AM. Yes, sir. How about my coins and the fish paddler? Most of them, thank you. If we did see the focus of them, we'd have to also put on my terrascal house in America. And then people would be calling the Rascal house isn't closed, sunny. Boy. You know, Josh, it's a Rascal house recently and I still can't figure out why. Because it's open at like 4 o'clock in the morning. Nice. I'd say one thing for a South Florida, they're sure I know there's a dearth of restaurants that are open like really late. Not really. Not really. Not really. Not really. They're a whole, they're a lot of them. No, they're not. I said there's a dearth of restaurants. That's not dearth met a lot. No, I'd do it with me. It means very few. I'd do it with me. Yeah, well there's Denny's and I hop. And I hop. Right. And the Rascal house. Oh, I. Speaking of more reasons to get out of South Florida, as if hurricanes roaches sea-lice and insurance bills weren't bad enough. Floridians can add a new minus to their list of worries. Kimmer bees are here. I know that people have got to ask for them. I've been walking to a crowded place in Stariah, and Kimmer bees kill her. But now you can do it. And it says they're going to change your life. Well, after decades of hype and cheesy disaster movies, African-ized honey bees have established a foothold in Florida, bringing a heretic or temper that makes them a threat to farm workers land scalpers, meat or readers, firefighters and basically everybody who ventures outdoors. And say loosely county, thousands of bees nesting below ground their water meters, swarmed out of one lucky utility workers late last year, and not fatally, several detects kill two dogs near Miami and Sarasota along with a horse near La Belle west of Lake Okatobi. African-ized bee colonies have turned up in ports to roth the state, including four pears in the port of Palm Beach, and have been suspected at tourist attractions such as bush gardens and downtown Disney, nobody knows how to stop them. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen. So for Indians we'll just have to adapt just as they learned a nail plywood before hurricanes and scan lawns for fire and moths, not to mention of course the old bufoto. That means residents should be proof their homes, ceiling any openings that could allow the insects to turn edicts and walls into killer bee condos experts say. People should also look out before starting lawn mors whose noise can provoke the bees, or opening potential nesting sites as sheds and barbecue grills. Those are already reality some Texas to California where the bees showed up in the nineties after decades lawn marsh from Brazil to Mexico. Probably from Rio and at the city of God. Right? Yeah. Well, who the hell would want to hang out there? That's why they got out. Oh, brutal. One thirteen at five sixty-wM the audience is coming through big time for us today on at the Greg Hotex website and if you voted two or three times do it again. Oh, he wants us to free-step hold or right ahead. You have my permission and encouragement and enthusiastic direction and the administration. Well, they can get their listeners to free-pitu you know. They already have. 151. 851 to 151. How do you like them? Falsgrade Cotex and I just can't wait to see the ringing of teeth and gnashing. Oh, gee, that damn rod you even do is forger. Well, I saw not having them vote for me. I'm not on there. I'm objective. I'm like the referee. I'm like the pimps the pivot man. I'm even grab a yellow civil. I'm like a pimp. Like Stanley, combated I and Z. Hey, Stanley, you silly goose. Finally, a TV experience would like no other comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and has lots of love to love. And today you can try for what I just say. And today you can try for only 29, 99 and a month or four months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home and program shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it. And let's not forget about control with on demand. You can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using your remote control. You won't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule who could ask for more. And best of all on demand is free with comcast digital cable. So pick your show time. Sit back and you wonder how you ever got along without it. Call today order comcast digital cable in HBO with a power of on demand for just 29, 99, and a month or four months. In date counting call 305 comcast or in Broward. 954 comcast call 40 tales certain restrictions of flag and those numbers in date 305 comcast and in 954 comcast. This is a new Rogers. This is 516. Judge ripping all of the facts of indie prosecutions, charging documents and everything over and over again. Yes, you're on it. Yes, you're on it. Yes, you're on it. This is the lobby. It's over giving lots of gifts we've all. You're gonna be the same. They're gonna walk him through that crazy door. Oh, he's decided to show that I gave him all of him a month. We give him the love and it's a flea year. He's been with the people all over the house. He'll get one of these his guys from the fair rock team. 170 q a m I got to. I don't know if you did know that was part of the day. Every jam on I'm on any five something was clear late this morning. According to the FHP two people were injured after trying to nobody died. I don't know what the Josh is making that story. Let's let's let their stain on the radio while I was stuck in it. Thank you. I'm not radio. Let's say I don't need that. I got it. What radio was saying that? What are they saying? Well, you listen to our station for news. What do I need to hear the traffic? Two people were injured after trying to tear the losses. Drive shaft. A device that carries par from the engine. The wheels on a highway. FHP started a sergeant. Mark Y. Socky said. Traffic was affected about an hour and a half as the FHP worked the scene. It was cleared around 10.45 this morning. Everything is just fine. Right now. The driver's 32 year old Fernandez. Ever saw a man who was not heard. In 98, 100. He said the car was on the driver's side. But another tractor trailer. Driver's stilliana. Stay in over. 23 of hell and there. My injuries. I must be in Josh's rushing girlfriend. Stilliana. That's why she was rushing. That's why she's rushing. For passenger 30 year old. But. Carapolis. Samathas of Hollywood had serious injury. The parking lot. Yeah. And we're taking the ambulance to Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood. The driver of the truck that hit the Honda. Post city resident. Timothy Fudge. Twenty nine was not injured. I wonder if he's kind of. Fudge Brown. Now. Very disturbing story. And that's probably why Curtis Raymond. With the beesley no more. There was a local station said a mark for radio revenue in 2005. Was it us sure wasn't across the street. Spanish broadcasting system said that revenue and it's WXDJ that's L. Soul 95.7 sword by 42.7% in 2005 over the previous year. To 23.3 million dollars making it the highest dollar ever. In the South Florida radio market. Coinuit independent analyst. Additionally SPS station that Spanish broadcasts the system in New York and Los Angeles were ranked as the top two Spanish language voters in the USA. A quote already a revenue marker a market monitoring from Yadiyadiyah. VLA. According to fall arbitrarne ratings. L Soul bank to South Florida's top station. The money 18 to 34. While SPS is WCMQFM classic 92. Kman is the top Spanish language station and secondized overall. CMQ. Classic 92. And you mama. So there you go. It's another Julio. Oh look at that. Morgan town North Carolina. There's something on fire. There's fire burn in there. Morgan town North Carolina. Aren't you well with them about that? Whereabouts of it? I have no idea. You guys see me where it's in town. It's where you mean where's the fire? It's in town. It's in a building. Yeah. It's more. It's a building. I have no idea. No more Morgan town West Virginia is. I thought maybe it was going to be like another coal miner's daughter's daughter. But Morgan town. There's no more Ginton North Carolina. I just got you saying Morgan. Okay. You're giving me a saw to dance about. Little turn. I'm not going to do it. You don't know that. Dirt's from the earth. Explorated in the chemical plant. Morgan to North Carolina. That's what that is. A chemical plant in your pan. Let's see how great co-tex is doing. There's only pictures of six ugly guys. Good thing they left me off. I wish I should have been on there. Wouldn't it look like they were some these pictures of them. Your favorite software to radio sports press. Now let's vote this one for mad dog. What do you say? Huh? Because you've got to like the guys going to be on after you from 2 to 6. 444 people on that have voted so far. Mad dog 174. Joe Rose 83. Hank Goldberg, the Humper 78. And damn well bastard. Still bringing up the rear. 69. I don't like that. Danny boys bring up her. But here's the category he's very well. Who is your least favorite? South Florida sportshold. Danny LeBastard off the you map. 169. Humper 94. Sid Rosenberg 83. Goldberg at Rosenberg. And Orlando Alzacriona 34. He's in Jewish. And now let's see. Now comes the piece of resistance. Which of the big stations you prefer for sports radio? Okay, in 2022, 27 votes. WKOM 872. 790. The ticket WXY. Our good close friends across the street. A great co-tex is home away from home. Got you out of 155. 872. 155. If you follow those numbers. More important. Hey baby. Know your future. Himges on these numbers. So lean on it. Lay on it. Squeeze it. WKOM. Hello. You got a couple of four. Four. Okay. I got Cisco's. Cisco's. Cisco's. And Victoria's. God also. Victoria's station where they had little trains run around. That's it. They got a Nina Custell and Aaron Gil also. Okay. All right. What did you just say? I have no idea what you just said. Cisco's and Victoria's station. That was very popular. Join. And they had like the little railroad tracks. You know little real cars going around. Okay. I heard about that. Yeah. Talked about them. About 400 times. Tell me who I am. Hello. Yeah. News. Good afternoon. Yeah. I want to. I'm far from Miami here on concert. Right. I want to. If you're seeing in some days papers. Or the sports section. Right. You know you. You don't know. You make in. You come to on. Good. I see himself. So. The door in the morning. Yeah. He. He's a chronic call. I just thought maybe you knew them. They were just like some. No. I just thought that. I'm in the game. I'm in the game. I'm in the senior board. They haven't got. You and the young guy from UM was the MVP. I didn't. He's seen one. But the last time I check. They did. They're lost. I'm not. The. The. The. The. This is this in the. He rolled. Yeah. I know they lie like crazy. And why would you believe anything. He rolled with. I can't believe that for a. If they're going to be a sunny day. Grab your umbrella. I know. I love it. I'm lost. Okay. Thanks for the. All right. All. In some insight information from over there. I thought it was only. You're. I mean, syphilis. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. And they've arrived in singular. Wireless line. Now maybe we know where so many people gravitate to. That one. Like the booster. What are you orange here? Well, I don't. I don't get him at all. I can. You know, he turned on it. You know, first I argued with Josh about turning down job. With a Marlins and I was wrong. Josh was right. The S.B. and gig was a better deal. Then he turns down the job as the play by play radio voice of his own. They love it. New York. Metz. And I said to myself, this is a. This is something greater than just love. Between him and LeBastard because why would anybody a young guy like him. Turn down the job as the primary broadcast or radio voice of the. The Metz. I mean, I told you what he said, right. What do you say? He said he basically liked what he was doing and he wasn't. He didn't really feel like doing the 162 games. You know, all year traveling. And down like that. He likes what he's doing now. You know what? There's a four letter word. But if something that sums up what you just told me. What's that? L.A. Z.Y. Hey, man. He's got a good thing going on. Okay, I guess. Yes, maybe he and Danny board got some of them. Maybe you want to watch. Maybe send me that bearback mountain express mail tonight. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Good evening. Yes, sir. How to go. I just wanted to be there could be like a pole for tomorrow on. See how many lines we're going to hear tonight on the. Mistake of the nation. Yeah. I would say. I'm not 30 man in the first minute. I'm not watching. I don't want to know about it. Yeah. And I think Gorfinala had his thumb right on to the usual. And enough said, you know. I don't want to take what's been a glorious day. It's firstly right from the beginning. He was about to departure of our sales man. Such as he was. Just a. A front be dumpy kind of like a scared of his own. He just couldn't cut a man couldn't cut it. And of course, he didn't want to build a kimchi. And that he was going to bring his own people. Just like race around himself with his own people. And what a group it was, too, you know. Josh Friedman. Yeah. Think about these people. Maddie Bell. Gary Sarner. The water Nazi. Screw in. Huh? What? Like I said yesterday, if you're going to send out some. Fact boy, they hardly beg them. Please, screw in. Don't do it. And of course, see people think whatever Neil says that's. That's what happens. You've got to totally backward. Whatever Neil says that's what happens. I'm not going to be back. Whatever I say, they do the opposite because I'm done. I'm afraid. I'm done in their smart. They know what all. Don't don't put stern on because you're going to want to lose that license or then you're going to, you know, so they go ahead and put it on the year. How long did that really last when he went on? I think it was like about the tenth of August. I'm a station of 2000, uh, full. And by the end of December, that's what was gone. Okay. And we were in hot water again. Nice going, Greg. And me and Tommy Greg is running around here. And he's under where he ended up, uh, diaries of whatever ended up, uh, arbitrage books, Jim shorts and flip flops. Oh, my god. Flip flip flop. There you go. A special on his case, underlined the flop part. This is Neil Roger. Nice going, Greg. You've got a space 5, 16, 2, 8, Out of my house, Brad. I'm step-flushing to pay you back. That ex-of-pity is our honor. And now I'm his name. But is it the first down to Mr. Wynn Mr. Smith? Mr. Wynn Mr. Smith is the hollow well-it's take. Here we get off, Greg. You're right. From the coverage of Brad and the mother to be. There are two new kids, how we would eat at the poor Brad. And you have their babies. No other story. Get the real full rain. I'm just bored today. I've heard of enough of the fair about you. And if you leave kids, that ex-of-pity will later now officially show me how to stay in the hollow. And if you leave kids, that ex-pity will be a real. A lot of kids will have judged daycareers in the daycareers. Grow! It's a Brad and the mother to be a child. But Mr. Smith already risen happily every other day. After days, her babies will be a small toy. And I know. We have to have a broad and small toy. But we've got more friends than we did yesterday. Brad, one time that's what kind of maladies are. I was always the last one. We are the reason for that. Comments there on Greg Coach's website today. Including the very last one. It says, all for me, though he's doing it. So he's doing it. There you go. All for me. Well, the mode of the mirror. 567 or let's see, last kind of 141 votes. Which station you prefer for sports? 881 QA, 160 for the Aminthedus Crossest Street. Daddy and his money. Very sad. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Yes. I got one for your pole. Yes sir. Can't this do we? Can't this do we? Yeah. What was that? That was it. It's been in South Florida for 40 years. But where was it? It's on University. It was also one out by the beach in like open park. But no mode. No mode. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Can't say it's do we? You got it. Yeah. You wait there? I didn't see any of you to take people there. How goalstein used to take you there? And what else? And we would eat? Yeah. I don't think that's a good idea. Oh man. I just want to worry about one thing. Yeah. Remember who used to hang out and go to those Outgalls seen a banquet on Sunday or whatever used to call him. It is placed in Pampano Beach. That rich. There you go. I see if I rich anymore. No. I don't. Just a word to the wise for all you crazy guys. Here's what it says for the pole. If I best be referring to fine dining. Well that's the pole question says what was the best outflow to restaurant to close in past 20? Well that's the course where I subject. You know. I mean some people out there think like a one guy thought way in the house was the best restaurant. I mean some people out there think like a one guy thought way in and we love those little sliders but I mean come on man. It said if you're referring to fine dining. What would be a Burton Jacks. But if you're talking about the best bang for your buck. Which we're not. Then hands that would have to be scallies and for a lower deal. Or two people gave themselves sick leave with a nice buzz. And still get changed back from a 20. God I missed that place. And by the way, we're in a hotel. They sell Leslie's shirt. Livestream. It sounds wonderful. I can't find it. I'm glad you can't find it. Okay. It's a bit of a start. Go to the melting pot. These seven had fun do and swim with your butcher run up to 10,000. It's great stuff. Right. Oh, God. Yeah. It didn't. So I mean you got to tell me about all the different. Well, they had. They have taken a very basic simple thing, which was fine in the first place and if obviously expanded the in 12,000 different varieties of really fantastic delicious booey, a sweet. You know, you could do that roll a marshmallow and, like, Got crushed up or a cream cracker crust. Oh, right. And then you definitely need to get the last fine do or that they're chocolate. Oh my god, it's almost like that thing from Fatsau. I'm almost inspired to play that whole damn thing. Or at least I'm not sure. Why do you have little time with chocolate chip ice cream? How can we chocolate chip ice cream is good? Ring ding ding ding. And chocolate is a massive weight. Chocolate swirl ice cream even better. That's nothing. Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that whole hand dance? That would shock it swirl ice cream. Oh, hmm. And I just stuff a jelly down it for the Reese's Pinopartacart. Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate and everything melt into the dough. How about peanut butter and jelly? Or a chocolate-pubric grey and cracker? Within my use of a man around him. Could I have a little lemon in my water please? And I make chocolate chip cookies with cinnamon in it. I'd chocolate-pubric. Yeah. So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please. Just about a lot of lemon? No, I'd like a little specialise you squeeze in my if you got it. What do you want? No, sorry. No. Okay, that lemon. The clones that got chocolate-pubric orange which is the juice that dribbles down your chin. Oh, hmm. Junior. Could I have just a drop of honey in this please? Oh, man. Someylopalata man. He did have a lot of honey. Yeah. 136 at the 560WP, where we're just absolutely killing the competition man. We're bearing them. It's like a gigantic enormous freight train. Just right and over on that. You know what I mean? Like brushing a little net off your back though. Yes. WMQA and hello. Not there on 7S bad. Mark that one down. WMQA and hello. Oh, good deal. Yes, sir. You got the colis on there? Oh, my God. And pepper pines. Oh, man. Tash Street off the best piece of food. You have many times to eat in there. I even probably a thousand times. That was great. Yeah, and it's still in your puppet there, huh? And it's I still got a little bit of a year. All right. Thanks, Sally. The colis and I see OLA of Poster Fiesta colis. That was on Tash Street by, um, uh, you mama by Douglas, I guess. Okay. A little strip shopping center. I know right where it is, but no, you know. Remember they'll call me. I used to eat there all the time. Nicole was. And then, uh, his, uh, one of the members of the family also had a place called Something, which I can't think of what his name was. Nick's. Which had nowhere that was. So don't put it on it because I can't think where was or what it's all about. This would do we put Jimmy January's under. I don't think so. I don't think we put half of it. Yeah, we did. Okay. Just relax. Okay. I'll get up and I'll shake now. He is so emotional, man. I feel sorry for that Russian girlfriend. He's working on the headache. I can't imagine why. Oh, her bed's is no mole. Good. Good. Survey right. Her week. What's wrong with my commosials? Neon. It's only 50 to half seconds. What a stopwatch. It's one thing to be Jewish. It's another thing to be just a little bit too. Her bed's. H-E-R-B-E-T-S. Holocaust use you, dude. So what does that take? And we was kind of like a, I don't know, like a diner place. It was all right. Food was okay. Binding and dancing. Dining and dancing. Joby Kau is there. What is the gold shorts? What do we do, Dingo? Steve Cohen. And is the sister muddy Cohen? Let's see. We got a thousand and forty nine vote. And we've added on this prestigious places. Man, see me still and have any. Smoke house barbecue. Don't have any. Moneros don't have any. Come on, man. Jimmy January's don't have any. It's because we got no gay. Listen, I'll have a lot of pearl. I don't have any Victoria station. No one has any Cisco's none. Remember the Cisco kid? And Potcho. I wonder if he was kind to a poopy or a compo. Can't face do we don't have no one. He's just went on their super stains only one. Jimmy January's got a vote. I'll ride. Whoever hoated for it. You're fair. It was good though. Very good. Cats me. I got one. Monson. Monson. Another place with that fantastic French onion soup. It is so good. You know, I'm talking about the authentic kind. Not the goish or way to make it like with little spits a little cheese in there and pretend that they were not. I'm talking about with the froware of all different kinds of cheeseies. Yeah. How do you say cheese or cheeseies? I say cheese is crazy. I say holy cheese. That's really good. Holy cheese. And how about that? Don't forget the cheese. Right. Can't play that normal. What? Are you out of your mind? None of the words around there. Get out of here. Think about it. It says do it. Yeah. Do this. You do them. Not that. How about to Dan Lovaster? Do you do them? No. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5. They're taking a wamp and over there. And I can only just begin to imagine. What was that then? And you'll see the interesting part of it is, since I don't do a sports show. And I'm the only one. In other words, this audience can as objective as anybody. They see what I'm saying. Right. Because we're asking, now what they think about me is versus this one. No, I'm not involved in this. It's here's a bunch of names. And obviously, that's the reason that there are more people who listen to QAM and that category than your favorite release favorite because a lot of our people are listening to any of them. I don't know if it came as a shock to clearance. Oh, how is that possible? I mean, everybody is into sports who also listen to that crappy Queen 10 and 2. That's what Taris would tell you. Because he's a sports nerd. He's a baby with a jack strap. He was born with a jack strap on. That's why he was always coming to the studio like four million times a year. Trying to rearrange his goods. Remember that? No. I'm trying to forget it. I have about that hotline. What about it? Oh, Reagan. QAM really, but I haven't been rolling. I'll see another one of his, huh? I don't know. I don't know. But that have been. He's a real weird person. I hope you're in fact here right up and still give me that. How long was that, Reagan? You were going on a ran. I was waiting for you to finish. Well, yeah, but you could have picked it up. I could have. But that kind of screwed up. Who's on the source of the story? Remember? Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. Well, that's it all out of the way. What's more important finding out who that was as a screen of the phone system? So, whoever just called on the bat line called back is where we were all in the edge of our seat. Maybe it was the Curtis to Raymond Burr. Beep. Maybe it was a normal can. Maybe it was, oh, maybe it was one of those people who used to work for us. It's over there like Josh Friedman or somebody over there on the other side. Maybe it was a fat boy. You know, like remember what I said yesterday? I want to repeat this every day. Two things. Thank you Mr. President for those old gas prices. And number two, regardless of anything else of QAM, keep this in mind. As long as they're around, the game pairs will still play games. The wires will still lie. And the shiftless missfits will still be shiftless missfits. Careful, I would say. This is Neil Roger. Sir, excuse me. This is 5.62 A.S. Neil, God. Sir, excuse me. I was sleeping in the park. Just trying to take a suit. I got home in the jar. It left me black and blue. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing up blood. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Don't know why this happened. I took the clothes to the head. They took all the they were laughing. They left me here for dead. I've got a fast. I would say high on drugs. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? I'm lying here tonight. And hardly move. They took those face-for-beds and swam on like they were. I can ask the parents' wife. They raised their kids this way. Lots and lots of prison time. They'll be the price they pay. What the family jails with all those other funds. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? 146 we got them. Bowle coming up to a clock. Mad Dog 4-7. We got the Curtis Stevens in 7-8-3. Then Hurricane Warlock 839. That would be a big audience. 9 o'clock is the hurricane's and Wake Forest. I think it's the opposite of term. How about the indicator? I'll be going to the hurricane's game. Hurricane game? Yeah. Well, I'm the matter of sighting. Let's see, 1,055. I'm trying to get all these numbers one last time. Of course it's going to be going on a week long. So don't sit on your laurels, okay? On your Greg Co-Tax Miami Hill blog. What are we making to move now? What do we got? Favorite sports host? We got Mad Dog 1-89. Joe Rose 88. The hump are 84. Red on Joe's butt. And Dan Lobassut, again pulling up the rear 73. Police favorite, Dan Lobassut, crushing the competition 181. Humphor 105. So the kid 90. He sucks. And the big goes only got 35 because he's Rock Solid. And then, which you prefer? Which are the big two-state and you prefer for sports radio? WQA more. 790-to-ticket Greg Co-Tax loves it. He's on every singing and laughing and puking and it sucks. 891 for QA more than 164 for them. For the bad guys. 84% for us. 16% for them. Pretty close, huh? Tight. Yeah, pretty tight. Just like the ratings usually are too. Just don't forget about the December. Okay, if you got any brains over there. Don't get yourself all worked up into a ladder because it ain't going to have a no-mold. Let's see, here's from Arts, there's how about these restaurants. And how could I have forgotten the spice dapal? How could you? Because you used to be Alan Burstbanzer and he had the nerves are going die. By the way, I put that line 12 on hold and he might find out what it was. There was a no answer, no voice, no nothing talking on the other side. Oh, it was probably a fanboy. Spiced dapal could take on there. The red coach grew, the flame. The capoc tree. And remember the capoc tree? No. I heard so much about that place. I thought it was the black angus cow. No, that's the black angus that's in front of that place. And then the capoc tree. And then also Arts got an simplicity. It was even fine till he got to Dan Dowes. Do not put that on there. Because the question is not, what is the worst, but what is the best? Dan Dowes was, oh, from hunger. Even I cow moved out from our front. Remember? Nope. Yeah, no one that's in front of the university died. No, nobody got a boat campers about the big cow. The big ceramic cow and mou cow. I thought that was the black angus cow. No, that's the black angus that's in front of that place. What kind of an angus said anyway? One thing I remember about the black angus is that, oh, and I said another place that I loved. Every time we do this, I mean, it goes back to the same kind of joints. But you know, something, I was thinking about the cheese on the burger, on the steak. They actually made a steak at a black angus like with cheese melted on it. Hmm. Sounds good. Too bad to meet with me, wasn't it good? But, um, adults. Right. Now, we've discussed in the minute time. Yeah, I love adults. It was a small chain, but we'll make an exception for that. With a small chain. Dolls, the ALT, possibly, has got it. We got it. Now, and everything adults has been going all that long. Has it? Oh, really? There used to be adults up there, um, sunrise. Where's that federal highway? And where sunrise turns around the meat's federal highway. It's the exit. Usually, you want up there, um, like right by Houston's, which is still there, or thank God. Did you ever eat the Houston's who we just talked about it? No, what's? You didn't like it? No, it was great. What you talking about it? Oh, Houston's is great. But I mean, I can't swing that. You know, that's right. Well, you know, something that you've got all the three bees lined up at the Melding Pot, and the guys are going to take care of it. Excellent. That's good, see? Yep. You know, we could think for that nice, well, I'd do that. Doughed, my dear. All this stuff that's fallen through the cracks all these years. Because we've had sales managers from a hell back there. But we've got the stuff nice to run the case. So, you know, he's going to work hard out there because he's scrambling to make a living because they're trying to show his ass out the door, you know. I just wanted to Houston's because that was a gift certificate job there, okay? For Christmas. Clarice gave you a gift for Christmas. Okay. Give me a gift. What do you give you? A gift certificate to the best buy. And the kiss. Wow. On the way said, he said, kiss this with tongue. Well, Joe Bells from kiss. Right? No, seriously, give you a gift. And you want to use it in, and it's fine. I ordered, like, I ordered a rib. I have that way better and other places. Much, much. I think it's a little overrated. Houston's is not a place where you're going to stay. Okay. You are such a punchman. You need such help. What are all my socials? Help. It's not a, you don't order. I said, like, you go in like the denny's ordering a server line. I just asked you what was I supposed to order? They have phenomenal, like, soups and salads and burgers and salads. Go to the food. You want me to order and soup and salad? No. That first starter. Then one. They got all kinds of like burgers and burgers and stuff. You wait there. What did you get? Had steak. Yeah. And steak in Houston's get out of the way. How did you get our different places at the time? Yeah. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. You don't order a soup and a salad. The used for water. I used steak house. Yeah, I thought that was the, Houston's is a steak house. That's what I thought. As far as I know. In my life, I had a Houston's probably 20 times. I never had a steak in Houston. It's just not the kind of place I would order or steak. Okay. You, you guys need some. Cool and a re, uh, direction. Give us a tour. Okay. Well, maybe Teres will give us more freebies. Maybe the governments of the US and Iran part of President Bush's access to the evil and currently your, uh, uh, enemy demonstrated very unity of cause this past week and Washington back. They came in initiative to deny UN access to advocates of sexual minorities rights. Critics of the moved nonsense is a short bigotry. This vote is an aggressive ass off by the US government. On the rest of sexual minorities to be heard. It's got long directed to human rights watch program for lesbian gay by sexual and transgender peoples. It's astonishing the Bush administration would line itself with Sudan, China, Iran, and Zimbabwe in a coalition of the Huma Fubrik long said. Right, so advocates said the Bush administration international posture managed to It's increasingly striding and discriminatory ban at home. Sounds like Hitler to me religiously and socially experienced elements of US population. And among Bush supporters to whom many punnets attributed his 2004 re-election fix have been increasingly allowed our militant over the past year according to human rights We're up to hate mongers man. It's that compassionate hate. And what it is, a compassionate conservative hate. A sex of this is a new Roger. You're so powerful like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me, a scene father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you. A threat to tell me your own father. I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. And nonsense, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promise you will still love me? Of course my sweet child. Of course love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. Oh, I am pregnant. Oh, I see that. I think it's a lovely father. Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married, Yes father. I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors of stone you today. My daughter, he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done. You can't control her. You're not the only one. You're only the grounded. No, not the grounded one. I'm not the only one. I'm not the only stone. It's the first shelter. I focus on a fundamentalist and it'll be seen in sand. May I speak with you, might it seem to us then? What is this my wife? I have something to tell you. What is this? I am having an affair. Oh, right. Hey, are you going? I'll come back y'all under collection stone. What are you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Oh, where are you? Well, of course, we stole today. You'll be miserable. I'll be miserable. I'll be miserable. I'll be miserable. I'll be able to make problems. That's right. Oh, may I speak with you, might I seem to father? This is my son. He's in trouble. He's less than 80 little drugs. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You're not a man. They're guiding you. They're guiding you. They're guiding you. I just shot an location and banged out here. Bye, bye, bye.