Neil, baby! It's all about Neil. He's coming up next. We'll see you tomorrow morning. Thanks for listening. The music's pressed on the previous programs. Are those of the hosts? What time is the television? Maurice Cardet, that's what we want in the broadcast grid. I think in about 60 seconds. Don't it? Oh, it's great. Stick around for any time, our journey is party for the welcoming. You know, of course, you don't hear the wrong thing. Rest in space. He's a flaming home, oh, that's what cloud of Christian Redneck's don't know. Charlie, please stay. A screaming, really big bag. Get it, hey. A secret set, please. Ask him as we say no, just for proof he'll bring his voice down real long. Charlie, please, please. You burn it for a lead game. A night with a day with a night with a crispest game. For many men's ride over to which he's saved. And thinks it does look a little crum watch made. Without letting his loopholes be floats alive. Christ is gay, but perfectly denied it right we went neck-rissed and touched on. You became gay and probably like the baby's he can. Okay. Charlie, Christ is a screaming, indeed, man. Hey, you forever. 10, I want it five, 60, WQA, I'm, hey, this is it. Yeah, this is the end, baby. Uh-huh. Summers over. That's right. Back to reality on Monday on 9, 11. Rubbing parts are just discovered on the subject. Oh, God. I don't mind doing the five shows a week. That part doesn't bother me, but five poles coming up with a different pole every day. Oh, I've heard you with that. Huh? Come on. Let's get serious. Nobody can do that. Well, we're going to be with this. We're going to be second-of-all-the-all. I've been trolled. We've never done that before. Out of the mouse and idiots, right, it's time to get lennon as a blog. TPMKFA.com. Bush to Katie Kirk has been in Katie, of course, is the highlight of our pole today. And he's the centerpiece. She's a real piece of crap. It's interesting. All the women are just, gosh, she's so wonderful and what a breath of fresh air. And she's so bubbly. She's about as bubbly as what you see in a bowl. Give me a break. She is pathetic. And what's with the black eye, Katie? Last night. Now, I did lie on Tuesday. I said, I wasn't going to watch. But I consider like home work. Yeah, of course. I watched Bob Dutiful. Oh, right. In the first night. We have to do carbon in there. And Oki doki and Oki and Oki and Oki and Oki and Oki and Oki and Oki and Oki and never turn it on again. Never turn his ass on again. Silly old, funny, don't you? And now they put her on there. So I did watch as homework assignment Tuesday. And she had so much mascara on. Looks like she had two black eyes. And then come to fight out. The left eye. Last night. They kind of like covered it up. They brushed her hair down. Like almost over the eye. Did it just right to the edge of it? I guess to try to cover up the fuck. The fact that she's got. Maybe Dan rather gave her a black eye. I think it's possible. She's got a comment. Yeah. She deserves it. And so the people were like gushing. Especially the women. And they could put any. They could put an end coat around there. Oh my god. She got a beautiful Adam Zappel. It was just bulging. Anyway, Todd Getland says, Bush to Katie Courky yesterday. One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect the rack to the war on terror. I'm not making this up. I know. I saw it. The president of the West has attended it for a fraction of a second for half-see half-relys. When it just came out of his mouth. And so he went on. I believe it. But the American people have never understand that in a feed in the rack. In other words, if this government there fails, the terrorists will be emboldened. The radicals will topple moderate governments. I truly believe that this is the ideological struggle of the 21st century. And the consequences for not achieving success are dire. The truth came first spontaneously. As the man said, it's a hard job in prison. It's hard work. What about hardest parts of my job is to connect the rack to the war on terror? Even though in two press conferences, he's been asked the question you already admitted that they had nothing to do with 9-11. And still 40% of the public believes that they did. I mean, the American people insist, at least 35% of the 40% of the system being so stupid, that it just makes you want to vomit. Speaking of making a vomit, Periscillton always makes me want to vomit. She got an Italian. I was a year ago, she got a lot of money. She inherited a lot of money. And we're supposed to care about her. Just like we were supposed to care about crocodile dummy there. You know, we have everybody watching and just to sing. I don't care about him. I may sound very insensitive. I don't watch crocodile shows. I don't even watch the idiot on A&E. Well, A&E has got so many idiotic shows now. It just didn't work. It's like, you can think of the Gigi de Rani back with Incadin Cadoo. And then they got to repo guy. And then they got the, what do they call that guy? He's the phony psychic. Periscillton. Chris Angel. You watched that, huh? No, I don't. Yeah, you do that. You've actually been 300 years in your interview. I thought he was a magician. Yeah, because if he's kid to Joe Angel, just a matter of time before Dave O'Brien steps him in the back. Chris Angel. Periscillton was arrested early today for investigation of DUI. That being an ambulance, police in LA. Anybody care about that bitch? No. Killed him was arrested shortly before 1230 this morning after being pulled over in Hollywood. Said police officer, I is a Bella who declined to give his first name. They said, who you be? And he said, I is a Bella. And the reporter said, yeah, an I-Crisse Columbus to you idiot. And then incredible, I is a Bella woman. And he said, police stop filming because she was driving erratically he'd be seen. The officers observed that he held an exhibited these symptoms of intoxication. A field sobriety test was conducted at the scene. The officers determined she was driving out of the influence. And she said, we're just reading a police statement. He said, well, that Chris Columbus was really cute. Helton was booked on suspicion of misdemeanor DUI and released. Her spokesman, Elliott Minsk. You ever see Elliott Minsk? Tell the fire. Just to confirm the arrest and said police detected the minimum blood alcohol level to warden arrest illegal. And California's point zero eight percent. She's absolutely fine. Well, we're fine. Said she didn't appear in the least, but to be intoxicated. Can you believe Dan Stewart is Dan? She is a deer. Yeah. Maybe that's how many people we have worked both of us for. We're in our dead. Yes, I do. Me, especially because I've been doing this for about 100 years. So many dead people. I don't know what that means. I guess that means we're survivors. That's it. We'll take it. I mean, you got the George's the Spicy River and on the old Jew Fag survivor. And Josh ain't been on the show long enough yet to be a survivor. Though he will be. Well, let's, you know. And to talk about arrest, Milton was driving home in our Mercedes-Benz SLR McClaren from a charity event where he had one drink, a Margarita. He said, she had spent today. She had arrived. Give me a break. She had spent today shooting a music video for a new album, Paris. The DUI symptoms were probably the result of an empty stomach and working all day and being fatigued. He said, Ellie and men. She was picked up from the LA Police Department, solid with station by her sister Nikki. Nikki's boyfriend after Kevin Conley and men. And Julian Hilton had a fender better. I said it when her range rover back into her car in a parking garage after a shopping trip. She's got issues. You know what I mean? She got issues. She makes me vomit. Although I've said it one thing. Not as much as Katie Kirk. And you know what? I'm all done with that. This is like Bob Sheefar. I gave her one night and about two minutes last night. The only reason I turned it out again last night was to see how the makeup was. She just just gubs a mascara on both eyes and the left eye. The one that's got the black eye around it, bring around the eyeball. That one they had to hear, like combed almost over. It's probably then what they did the messer up a little bit. You go Danny boy. Beat the crap out of that bitch. And if you read the, if you go on the internet and you try to get like some review, I've got a great review of her by the way by Andrea Pizer from New York Post. And the headline on the article is she looked like a little girl who had to go Pony. But the good guy would say it sums it up very well. But the right wingers while they care about it is, oh, she's so liberal. Katie Kirk. Yeah, like she brings some political philosophy. Yeah, the CBS news. Right. Have you always thought about her as really being a political heavyweight as opposed to just a simple simple, simple, simple and bubble. She's a horse. Right. Oh yeah. To be reckoned with made the force be with somebody else. I pulled a bubble head as well. She's like, she's like a cross between solely that or Brian and Read across beyond doggy down. She can barely speak. She's about to run the above read on the director's skills. As far as she has no presence. You know what I mean? Uh-huh. Like a real newsperson like Charlie Gibson or Brian Williams or anybody who's like a real news anchor or watercrunk, right? They have like a presence. They have a force to there. They're like some credibility. She's just reading the teleprompter very weekly and she looks a very dark and very nervous and very schmoocy. What's your take on the death of Steve Earl when the crocodile huddered your gesture? I think it's a crop. A whole thing. Cry. There's Tony Blair. He's going to be a nice cheer. I'm too soon. Tony Blair. Peter. He left that. What a poof. Anyway, what's your take on Steve Earl when I like to him a lot. So I'm very sad. It's here at the 1987. A third of our audience like him a lot. Well, good for you. It was going to happen sooner or later through 125 when he keep tempting the forces of nature man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like a flying will end. Oops. Right? It's what I'm saying. When you make an observation out of risking your life. It's what he's been in the afternoon. Soon or later sooner or later. Soon or later. So I'm going to happen. That's why that option's on there. I liked him. But oh well. 294. Yeah. Cracker happens. I didn't care about him when he was alive and I still don't see 66. He had it coming 42. Probably for dangling that kid. A lot of Michael Jackson. Right. Although Michael only dangled the kid over the balcony and this guy and like inches away from maybe a couple of people. They didn't like him. They thought he was doing a bad thing to those animals. Really? Yeah. Oh, and you know who was a big Peter? I give up. Katie Kerber. Finess. Oh, because he biography didn't like. Let's see. He'll do more. No. He would see that's the thing about these people. I mean granted he was in Hollywood and he had a lot of money and all this stuff. But he was in the heroin and everything else, coke and you know. And I just don't understand that. How can you be so much worried about animal rights and you're not where you're into Peter and all the thing with the fur coach? And in the meantime, he's doing heroin. You know what I'm saying? Right. Well, that doesn't hurt any animals. He had it coming 42. Not where they're finished, but this fever one. Probably where he finished. Who's all right? What's that movie? Oh, you wrote private tonight, I hope? Yeah. Oh, they had one of his friends on. One of his personal friends with them, the show and about. Yes? Who's fever when 22? And I'm glad he's dead 13. And that's bad. Even I didn't vote for that. I voted for he had it coming because he'd dangle his little kid. But I voted. I voted was going to happen sooner. I kind of relentless miserable bastards. Oh, there's that fruit cake set in the room. Coleman. Norm Kansold College roommate from Minnesota. Oh, my God. How embarrassing. I got a huge pile today. So anyway, Georgia beyond tomorrow, and then starting next Monday, 9, 11, I'm on our way to the crowd right now. Oh, my God. So this is the end, huh? That's it. And we only have 600 hosts on today's pool. We're going to have a real tour trying to get to a thousand a day on a counter because Eric had some issues yesterday. I called him up last night to say, hey, where's the pole fat? So where's the pole you've fanned, turd? And finally, it about 930 got the thing on there. So we had a really late start. So we started today with a real bad handicraft. Sorry, Joyce. What's that lineup today? We got Curtis. Oh, this is the, this is the bizarre lineup today. I don't believe this. I don't believe this. Curtis, Stevenson at the Cone Ones from 23, no mad dog today. Three to six, 30. Now, keep in mind the head of now's 12,561 for tomorrow in game life. That they're back to a game over 500. They're how does a pistol and they had nobody there. How many would you really say, Josh, about eight or nine thousand? Maybe if it was 12 lists that I'd say half six, six thousand. Yeah. So because there's such tremendous interest in there on the verge of getting that wild cards, but we got a three and a half hour pregame show, tomorrow the real pregame show at Cone Ones, three to six, 30. Marlon's on deck at six, 30, the Marlon's on the fillings. This is the beginning of a huge four game series tonight. And then just the agro after the ballgame for a little bit. And then, oh, and then the real post game show at 11 o'clock till 11 o'clock. We got the real pregame show and the real post game show as opposed to the unreal. The real one. The biggest thing. Wow, so best to the real. This is the real rot race for Shwitty Online 60,000. Hey Neil, this is Randy West and as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northfield today. He tells me your real name is Neil Down and he's still ain't interested. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's bloody, but what now? Wow, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nothing, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Lips of fun himself the prince of darkness Satan's okay first you want to grab this little piss off I don't think I'll be caught back I don't see dang it and it's fluid all right I'm not just taking some Ryan Get up there I'm not going to be a man I'm gonna throw it a rope in the toilet I'm going to belly I'm gonna have a guy's toys I tell you see I'm gonna break it out Hunter You betcha That's bad man And it's in bad taste There's even worse than Eric Clapton's kid's line out the window Now you've lost contact with the audience George Yeah, yeah, yeah 626 votes on our poll so far Are we gonna make that 1,000 or 1? No, I don't think so I think it's gonna be a hell of an assignment, don't you? Oh, I see with everybody who whipped up with their tailgate right now Probably a lot of this audience is like I'll be there tailgating When you think? I would imagine What's your take on kitty corrects debut as the CBS news anchor And we use the term news very loosely, okay? Just silly Anyway, I would be like having solely that old Brian and Ricky Tiki Sanchez on the morning on CNN Pretending to be news people, you know? I'll all know I will say this Compared to kitty correct Ricky Tiki Sanchez is like a heavyweight Would you agree with that? Oh, I don't know Don't make me choose Oh, he's a little bit melodramatic for me Little bit boy I can't wait to say that No, no, no, no But nevertheless What's your take on kitty curves debut as you only been on for two nights? It's probably not too fair But do I care about being fair to kitty correct? No, of course not Because she don't belong on an interest plate Don't watch network news 26 Well shame on you Haven't seen her yet 170 Well everybody else has she was number one the first night and then drop two points last night but still number one But let's see if she drops two points every night in about a week she'll be in a minus She's okay 63 not great not weak but okay Uh-huh Makes no difference So what does that mean makes no difference 54? What does that mean? I'm kidding I put that on her I told you I was this morning while I was doing it Now you didn't say it that way you said whatever I said whatever but well you didn't say whatever makes no difference It does it that's not whatever well same thing what a fast dude 54 She's a real lightweight 54 and we want to apologize to all the light weights for putting them in her class awful 29 that's what I voted she's awful she's horrendous. I hate this pool 20 What's with the black eye 17 Almost voted for that and great only 14 14 idiots out there Oh, she's just great Katie Kirk. I mean she's a legendary she's a yeah lightweight Double head lightweight the fluff interviews with celebrities and then of course pretending to be pretending to be like her real Unalyst while interviewing people like WDN people like that, you know You know whatever reminds me of a raspberry that crowded crosses three how many ever since they went on the year What have I been telling you you can't talk your way in a success? Either either people like what you're doing you bring something in the table or not and the people across the street Every something table all right, and it's something nobody wants. I'm not sure how to define it or describe it But whatever it is nobody wants it and the same thing with her you'll see after the initial lot of publicity and all the hysteria Who pline all the way everybody whipped up into a frenzy? Do you know who they originally wanted to put on there as a sheepers replacement? I give out John Stewart That was their original choice. I see. I'm serious. They were Students hospitalized after eating sweets. They believed treats were baked with marijuana. This is in Berkeley And then shame I wonder what no one Trump's could would think about that or do they know about we did Berkeley a group of you see Berkeley students were hospitalized yet late yesterday for severe medical reactions after eating brownies or cookies They believe contained marijuana according to authorities Gosh to show all your kids out there don't be a brownie-hound. Tech of a job though brownie. Count more than 30 people ages 18 to 25 at the cloying court co-op residential building at Berkeley Experience negative reactions and call for help at about eight clock last night So US Berkeley police sergeant David Robby young well David Robby how about Reggie Robby? Did he die? Yes, you did oh my god. How's that possible? Twelve of the people were taken the hospital until we're treated at the scene Robby said he said police are investigating with the brownies or cookies Cause the students illness. I bet $2 million a George can't name the dolphin cutter a dolphin punter right I can't either so if I can't you sure You know I'm a little more hey hey that's good though that he's doing so we have a bit Orlando Marie here. We got a good but he's not the punter of he's the Please oh Third you're okay I think a lot of me pay to it's got a new place here. He was an idea in last week the exhibition is gaming Instagions that they launched he looks pretty good and he can play pretty good too It can kick it 12 of the people were taken the hospital and two treated at the scene Robby said he said police Investigating whether the brownies or cookies cause the students illness There symptoms included anxiety wrap it heart rate chest pains and a feeling of doom Said allow me to county far cap in Tim Dylan feeling of doom although we all have that It's basically when we see a Katy Kirk doing news. He said crumbs found that the scene we're taken for testing We believe it's beyond marijuana. He said There you are yeah, yeah, you're welcome. I wouldn't have said the students were having a social gathering after selecting their room as Simon's at the Co-op building Class is started at UCO August 28th UC Berkeley I one life you'll find said a friend of one of the students there were people Wait a lot and on top of that they were drinking it looked like they got too high. Oh, so maybe it wasn't the brownies Maybe it was the Paris Health and had a couple of brownies The incident adds to a rocky opening of the school year for UC Berkeley last week 23 year old Wayne Drummond Jr died outside of Berkeley, Surabadi House on Prospect Street Police said Drummond who was not a student at the university had been shot and may have gone to be severity and search of health Kind of like River Venus. He died right out there in the sidewalk outside that club in LA remember that right there right on this side wall Right and it was a photographer there who like was trying to help him in his dying moments, you know and the photographer is credited to not take a picture now in that gray that is mighty white Yeah, probably was pretty stupid too. Can you imagine how much he could have made for that? But life isn't I'll just about money, is it? Is it about your heart? The ideological struggle. Oh, yeah, to get away from your ass. You you're sorry Yes, I got a great story here of course it's a present title dot com, you know how can spiritual and Depernoy they are Alan Jones but nevertheless 28 year career CIA officials is 9 level was an inside job. I'm gonna get to that I got a million I got a huge holiday Believe better get there. I should probably take a call real quick to Q. I am Okay, and maybe one more Q. I am Yes, sir. We love you You're the only thing we're listening to blah blah blah blah blah I hate the new show in the morning. I don't know if you've heard it yet, but it's horrible I know you're in the morning. Yeah, you're no one at horrible. Why is that? They're just really they try to be funny. They're not they're boring They talk back and forth. It's not interesting I know it's really I try to pick a couple days in a row It's just now you know the table across the street area No, no, I hate them like boy. Yeah, we we'll do anything to hurt them. You know that Yeah, so I'll heal. I want to have a lie and say to me that new morning show is really great I can't I can't lie like I can cross your legs cross your eyes Cross your knees if you're gonna be off the air and maybe too much you think I think that No, you know, name the website where you can go to read about the politicians and the And just that favorite position all that stuff The politicians and their favorite positions? You know what they stand for whoever's running in the state of Florida I can't wait to read Charlie Chris favorite positions I'm Well, she made those weirdos, man. But with the mean things that she was saying. But, what somebody just breath at bitch? Sapper upside the head. What a beautiful fool. I want to hear no more about him. I just wish somebody would shorter off. There's... Well, if and right you saw a tough fight. But why don't we find out? But, but, but, but... For the right of room, let's go to your tunnel and see what's one ton's out, but... Hold this fool. But, what's going to be worth the more. Let's make and snick a little longer. But given her an opportunity to jump. I noticed a lot of the comments about Katie Kurt had to do with the fact that on the first night she actually She was standing up and you could see her legs. Yeah, that was a big deal. Can you imagine water car? I guess water would have had to be showing shorts. You can't. You can't. You think you wore those knee-sounds with the garters? I wouldn't be surprised at all. But, what are those little devil horns that the Saudis were on their ring around the collar on their heads? That devil horns now? The...the...the...mula bull of the big shots. The...sheaks. They have like two black...at the top. You know, the ring that goes around to hold the Ashmoth on their head. Right. The ring around the collar. They have like two horns there on their heads. I was there were four horns. Huh? The history of the Saudi Arabian-Norale family was on biography last night. I see. Do you? You didn't see. I was ready, press. I missed. 28-year career CIA officials says 9-11 inside job. Highlights missing Pentagon trillions is potential motor. And this is by Paul Joseph Watson, prison plan. Now of course most of you are going to say, oh there you go. And at Perinoi again, how could you say these things? I just released believe it, which is in the S.C. there you go. 28-year CIA career man and former skeptic about turning the event 11-X Foundation has gone further than ever before. Envoicing his convictions that the attacks for the hallmarks of an inside job and the three days in a world-trades center complex were brought down by controlled demolition. Bill Christensen is a former senior official of the CIA. He was the National Intelligence Officer and Director of the CIA's Office, our regional and political analisation before his retirement 1979. Since then he's written numerous articles on U.S. foreign policies in Christensen's, there's no end in there. Christensen's, I said, we should article, stop me little in the theories about 9-11. He afforded credibility of the notion that significant parts of the official line-level history were false and after careful research he concluded that the 20,000 building 7 were most probably destroyed by controlled demolition charges placed into buildings. Christensen went further on the Alex Jones show saying that the attacks being an inside job was the most likely possibility. David Griffin believes this was all totally an inside job I've ever had a sad thing it was too said. Christensen, I keep saying it with an end. Like Diana, Christensen, remember that? Right, I'll get back to you, Diana, but I can't. Christensen initially approached a subject in order to even consider the elements of the government could be engaged in such high-secret criminality. But his research quickly began to change his mind. Just about a half a year ago I'd done on me, then not only was I trying to avoid an issue that might be extraordinarily important, more important than any other issues had Christian's in, whatever his name is. I've since decided that at least some elements in U.S. government had contributed in some way or another to causing that level to happen or at least allowing it to happen. How do I have an interesting timeline of all the 9-11 events before and after which I just said over to Josh, which you have on her for tomorrow. Okay. Christensen stated that the suspicious collapse of the three buildings including building seven which wasn't hit by any plane were likely to result of controlled demolitions. The reason that the two towers in the arc actually collapsed and fell all the way to the ground was control explosions rather than just being hit by two airplanes. All of the characteristics of these demolition shows that they almost had to have been controlled explosions. Referencing the $2.3 trillion that was discovered to be missing for the Pentagon's coffers, Christians didn't emphasize the fact that with an unlimited budget, the scope of operations that could be undertaken by the military and industrial complex are almost without recourse. I wonder if he means the military and industrial congressional complex. There are so much money now slashing around throughout not only the CIA but the intelligence components of the Defense Department which are actually bigger than the CIA that these guys can do almost anything they want these days. Christensen said that one day subsidiary motive was behind 9-11 was to take attention away from an impending exposure of the missing trillions and criminal proceedings against high officials. Christensen had Kennedy assassinated partly to delay imminent corruption probes that would have sent him to prison. Christensen is just the latest in a dead huge former government and intelligence agency insiders to boldly go public with their doubts about the official story behind 9-11 and he has an urgent message for future whistleblowers who might be considering the same course of action. We've got to be willing to be discredited. We have to stick our next shot. This is just two plain important things. Got to stick your neck out and then they'll chop it off. On our side. There you go. I got another one of those similar things later on. Later on the show. Aye. So just hang on tight. I will. Now let's get to the important thing. Okay, and that is Katie Courich. Yeah. I'm going to take it and pull it out of the way. Two shows is a little bit unfair and of course I'm proud of that. I'm really glad to be on fair to Katie Courich. She sucks. She's prophetic. We have six hundred eight-one votes on a pool. If we can get to like seven and then something by the end of the star, we got a shot. Don't we? That's that thousand? Yes, we did. And if we don't make this out, then I'm going to delay for two weeks. My coming back full time. It's the hall. Huh? Guess Josh should do it to show that. Josh is going to be doing solo. That's right. Let's see on our home page there. Do we have, yes, see. Starting June 20. I think Eric can take that down-down. Put on her like starting Monday, 9-11. You'll come back full time. When you think that would be timely for that? That's a good idea. Yeah. Courich takes ratings when in CBSW. I'll start with that. Katie Courich's highly anticipated debut is the sole anchor of CBSW Newscast. Elevated the networks ratings from third place to first place to the United Court of Thealcent Media figures. Although if you had a nine, nine-share on Tuesday, it was under was seven last night. And dropping like a rock. Like a rack. And a whole bunch of dead people were racked today. But you know, I scoured about a hundred different websites. And I saw it on the crawl. I wore the news talking hit channels. I can't even find it online. That's how an importance becoming or the body count. Just like Vietnam, same thing. The evening news took the top spot. Besting ABC and NBC in Wilson's Meadard markets, which are comprised of the 55 largest markets in the country. And Boston, the CBSW News with Katie Courich brought in top ratings at WZTV. Among households and key demographics. The news, this is in the Boston Herald. The newscast started an 8.4 rating in Boston compared to nightly news is We are now on a 6.5 rating on WHCH, NBC, and ABC's 5.5. Courich's performance and the broadcast itself through mixed reviews from Media Critics some found the newscast heavy on feature and style stories and light on a hard news. And the idea of Katie Courich being a newscast is so ludicrous. Even ludicrous can't believe it. But here's my favorite. And we applies to the New York Post reviews by saying this is news to these posts. She looked like a little girl who had a go-pody. She said Katie Courich last night underwent her second-on-air colonoscopy. Watching the procedure was not a horribly painful event. Nor was an experience I would volunteer to repeat any time soon. For her very first-it-a-CBS news diva, Katie spent a half hour looking as if she desperately had a go-pody. Her back was so stiff as she looked into the camera. Top-eyed and self-conscious I feared it would snap. Her face was bow-toffed beyond normal endurance, proving that even pampered overpaid newsbaves, processed while possessed the courage to suffer for their art. And for the first time in history that a female was allowed to deliver a network-seven news alone, Katie chose to wear an unfortunate white blazer. The result no doubt some jokes you're lying to were faced with Katie asked, Does this make me look fat? And the day after Labor Day to boot. For this day, pay her reported $15 million a year. The best I can be said about Courich was that she did not trip over her five-inch still at O'Heeals when she toppled across the floor. The set crossing her bear legs like some ridiculous tramp. The worst I can be said about Katie is that she did fall flat on her face, which would have provided O'Heeals in that fall flat on her face, which would have provided a much needed break in the tension. Wetch in civilization did not exactly end last night that she took to the anchorature, but the changing of the guard did represent another kind of cultural change. As of yesterday, network TV has proven no longer, it feels the need to pretend that it's not the newsbrog cast as sober stuff, which has been populated by earnest men and women with serious reporting backgrounds and working worldrires. It wasn't just Katie's legs or her clothes, or her unnervingly high pitched no more populated voice. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, more appropriate for weathergirl and Tampa, the National Broadcaster. It was all of these things, all of you shared together and more. At the end of the show, Katie struggled with how she should sign off. She played tips of water, cronkide and toning and that's the way it is. And then rather ending as Broadcast saying Courich. The fancy played Ted Knight is bubbling Ted Baxter in the Maritime of Morcho, and Will Ferrell is Ron Burgundy in Anchorman. It was supposed to be funny. Problem is those fake fake guys were better anchors than Katie was. I like that, and we're just slicing and dicing for Katie with a run for real vegger of bad dramatic. So he started with common crime. He started? He started with a woman. He started with a woman. He started with a woman. I wouldn't surprise me if he replaces the fishing show in a Moriang. The feast name of the best talent soothing system. We own rockers for 205-60. You ain't him. Chime Gila-Cutty is a real dichocustimer, not a paid celebrity. So to help tell her story, we hired an actual celebrity. Mr. Mel Gibson. I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family. When I accidentally hit a cow. I ordered her if it was a whole stain cow. Her... Hey, whole stain sounds Jewish. I called Geico expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me. You know something Jewish cows cause most of the actions in the world. Geico got my claim in the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy dinner. And the main course was hemp. Blows a hemp, baby. You know my father always told me not to touch anyone. He doesn't need a pound. Geico. He's a real service, real savings, real insane celebrities. I love that. 710 votes on a poll. I think we're going to make the 1,000 in a what are you saying? A rat. We can do it if Joshua puts the pedal to the metal. Hush. I know we're going to do it. If he keeps pushing it. I moved this up for my palm. I was going to get this out of the way right now. The 9-11 terrorist attack on America was almost 3,000 people. That was an... Well, the reason this is important now, I mean, it's always important. Because next Monday, being the fifth anniversary of 9-11 and seeing it, and going to rerun all the footage from the actual day and 80 million shows. Then of course that awful ABC show, which claims it's blah, I got a lot of stuff on that. He's going to get them out by the way, about that. And demanding that they change the script, they're going to sue the rest. Around 75 top professors and leading scientists believe the attacks were puppeteered by warm, warm, warmongers in the White House to justify the invasion in the occupation of world rich Arab countries. And inside John, they say. But in the end, of course, outrage and anger in the US, which marks the fifth anniversary of the terrorist attacks on Monday. This is a neat, brit evening standard. But leading scientists say the facts of their investigations cannot be ignored and said they have evidence that points to one of the biggest conspiracies ever perpetrated. Professor Stephen Jones, who lectures in the physics at the British Million University in Utah, says the official version of events is the biggest and most evil cover up in history. It must have been done by some evil doors. He has joined the 9-11 scholars for truth, whose membership includes a... I mean, that's what Paris Hilton was drinking before she drove home last night. Some evil doors. Maybe he has joined the 9-11 scholars for truth, whose membership includes up to 75 leading scientists. Experts from universities across the USA, Professor Jones, the relation to Alex Jones, said, We don't believe that 19 hijackers and a few others in a cave in Afghanistan, pulled us off acting alone. We challenge this official conspiracy theory. And by God, we're going to get to the bottom of this. By God. And I say in journals, these scientists are giving credence to many of the conspiracy theories that are circulated on the internet in the past five years. They believe a group of US Neocons called the Project for a New American Century said on US World Dominants orchestrated the 9-11. The taxes and excuse to hit Iraq Afghanistan and later Iran. You know, who on the members of the Pinek is in Washington? Your fat ass governor. That's why it's so wildly popular. Because you continue to flaunt the world of the electric and the state of Florida and has got a fat ass. The group says scientific evidence over the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon is conclusive proof. Professor Jones said it was impossible for the twin towers to collect in the way they did from the coalition of two airplanes. He maintains jet fuel doesn't burn at temperatures high enough to melt steel beams and claims horizontal puffs of smoke seen during the collapse of the towers. Our indicative of controlled explosions used to bring down the towers. The group also maintains World Trade Center 7A neighboring building, which caught fire and collapsed later, and that it was only partially damaged. But had to be destroyed because of how they claimed this in CIA station. Professor James Spencer 65, a retired philosopher of science at the University of Minnesota said, The evidence is so overwhelming that most Americans don't have time to look at this. Hey, look at this. The 9-11 Commission dismissed the numerous conspiracy theories after its exhaustive investigation in the terror attacks. Subsequent examination of the tower structure has sought to prove that they were significantly weakened by the impact which tore off fire retardant materials. And let the steel beams bending under heat and then collapsing. Christopher Pile, professor of constitution law, not wholly a college in Massachusetts, has dismissed the academic group. He said to plant bombs and tree buildings with up bomb materials and wiring. It's too huge of a project that would require far too many people to keep a deceit good afterward. Every after every major crisis, like the assassinations of JFK or Martin Luther King, we've had conspiracy theories to come up with a plausible scenario for global people. It's a waste of time he said. But, but university was constant assistant professor Kevin Beritz at experts are all willing to believe theories which don't fit into their belief systems. He said, people will disregard evidence if it causes their faith to be shattered. I think we were all shocked. And then when the voice of authority told us what happened, we just believed it. As the fifth anniversary of approaches, the 9-11 scholars for truth are urging Congress to reopen the investigation, claiming they have met a mass day wealth of scientific evidence to prove their version of the terror attacks. Break up terror cells. So there you go. Believe what you want, okay? Design America. This just I just found this only second to go. Polling company owner pleads guilty to fraud for the news day. The owner of a company that had done political and public opinion polls for several candidates has pleaded guilty to fraud for making up survey and poll results. Tracy Coston, one of she's Kim DeFill Coston, I'll ask, or we'll pal from WIOD. Tracy Coston, 46 of Madison Fiddagoli, yesterday before US history judge Janet C. Hall, I wonder if she's Kim DeDani Hall, to one kind of conspiracy to commit a wire fraud, or maybe to Annie Hall. Coston owned an operated data USA in case survey and pulling firm with orifices in West heaven and Gilleford Connecticut, Gilleford, never heard of that, did you? No. According to my account, Connecticut's real turd. According to court documents, clients include the campaigns of President George W. Bush. We created the position. US Senator Julie Berman, US representative Rosa Deloro, Democratic candidate, and Bridgeport Mayor John and Fabrizio. Fabrizio from Heral Amacana. Remember that? C. Fabrizio. Fabrizio. Yeah. As part of our program, in constant agreement, we pay 83 grant of the clients of 11 jobs between June 2002 and May 2004. The clients were not identified. However, court documents identify numerous political finances, as well as Metro North Railroad, as customers of that USA now known as viewpoint, USA, according to the federal indictment. Oh, you'll love this. Cost-intuitive employees to alter pull data and managers of the company told employees talk to cats and dogs when instructing them to fabricate the surveys. Okay. Yeah. What did they get to say? I was wondering who Tiny was talking to on the phone back in those days. Since the US Attorney Edward Chang said on several occasions when the company was running up against a deadline to complete a job results were falsified. They just made it up. I think we're going to start doing that with a ratings command. We're just going to make them up. You know what kind of a share we're going to have in the next two weeks here at the summer. Nice job, George. Sometimes we respond to a gender or political affiliation where changed to me to quota other times. All of the survey answers were fabricated. This made them all up. And for the high-special agent, Jeff Raffell, they said 50% of information compiled by that of USA and transmitted to the Bush campaign was falsified. Hey, you like that? Yeah. You're like, cost-intuitive. It's going to be sentenced November 30th. Not turned into places in maximum five years in the slimmer and a five out of up to 250. See, this, you know, George Carlin on a bio thing or two nights ago, I told you I saw a man on a bio thing. I want to understand it for teens. He had one great line. He didn't have too many other ones because they'd be bald him. Right. But he had one great line is whatever the government tells you, don't believe it. Right. Whatever they say, don't believe any of it. And that's right. He happens to be absolutely correct. Too bad about how they declared him. Well, look what they do to all of them. You know, police chief made loose job over wife's nude pictures. Oh, what a cow. Do you see this? No. Getting a lot of reads, I'm sure, will. Is it under today? Josh? I think. Yeah. He doesn't know. I send him to somebody named stories. How's he going to remember one from the other? But he wouldn't forget one of the names. I can't believe he'll find her. Huh? There it's right there. It's like, go in here at the top. Right near her left breast. Yeah, there it is. Right under Bush's face and a rack allowed the Taliban time to rebuild. Right out of that. Bush's failures in the over. The bastard's your dream last moments. What? What is he saying? He's a loser. He's talking about me. He just stuff. He fumbles and bumble. He fumpies more than Katie Kurick. She's weak man. Very weak. At least have a sense of presence. Like a broadcaster. Pretending you're like a news reader, honey. Oh, she's just, she's just like, I'm like, I mean, cross me and all in the prison. Today's a like in a high pitch. Why, honey, tone. Very, very weak. Very weak. No presence. No old man. No, um. Snyder Oklahoma. Why, but to that's a hell of a place. He, uh, back when they talk about hell. Maybe that's what they're referring to. An Oklahoma police team's job is in jeopardy and his town is in an upper because of his life's profession. And there's a picture of his wife Doris here. She is a cow. He thought of her book. It could make an apartment complex. Snyder police team, Tom Osman is wife Doris living snutter just west of Laughton. However, the chief's wife has known worldwide for her work as a plus size model on a porn graphic website, plus size. In other words, fat cow officials said the Snyder mayors are questioning by the Oklahoma State Bureau of investigation. Technically, the mayor can't request an OSBI investigation. However, the district attorneys office came and officials said the focus of any such investigation will be determined by the city computers were used for pictures of that violates the city's charter. This came to life because some of the people in town went to the internet to download pictures of her and started passing him around the citizens here in town. Said mayor Dale Moore. Moore said he's trying to decide what is in store for Snyder. What to do it to keep a chief who many believe doesn't share their murals or not share their money. He's trying to keep a man who is keeping residence safe. He's done more drug arrest. More crimes than a by also town has ever done more. Said resident Brian Norton said he wants to see fired. What our kids come home from a school telling us that chief's wife is a porn oak queen. How do we answer that yet? I know what I would say. Oh right. Yeah. What's wrong with that? She's a porn oak queen as opposed to a name queen. I did the same. So the best talent for this is the erotic erotic. People ask erotic orXT1 for me. This is the Neil Rogered Showing. There are all kinds of treatments. If the moon is right. What if you don't want to get into the mood, introducing Sunnybert, the celery haber Sea Plow. They're like they're like, yeah. Just a 1p on day and you won't even want to think about it. And what if think about sex? Celebrate has helped thousands with their urges, like Paris each from California. I used to stay around with anything that reads, but thanks to Saliva instead of FreeSax, I'm like totally secured free, absent to high of it. Ask your doctor, if Saliva is right for you, who needs it, Chastity Bell, when you can... Saliva, sit up there. Side of Exyncoo, Disney, and a night sweats of blueish to starvation of the gonads. Serated ability and anti-social behavior. Do not use Saliva to give pregnant or want to become pregnant. You know, maybe they're doing another version of the monsters, maybe they make another movie. Sorry. Katie Kirk. Oh, well, I was thinking, what kind of makeup would it have been? They slapped on her. Because they had to be auditioning for something beside this, allows the 15 million dollar year job at CBS News anchor. She must be auditioning for the monsters because she sure looked over. She had a rough mass scare on a sick of battleship. Didn't you notice that last night? No. And see if you would have watched her, even a minute on Tuesday night her debut. You would have noticed that last night they had that side of her hair pushed almost covering the left eye. The one in the black eye, and I think you got to go through there about her getting smacked. I wouldn't surprise me. 750 to be votes. I think we got a shot. Like Jimmy Johnson, we said we got a shot speaking of that dolphin tailgate party. But that's right. We don't have the dolphin games, no mole. They're over across the street when they're losing millions of dollars on those broadcasts. Which give me syphilis. You fair. And our buddy Joe Rose. Too bad about Joe, you know? But you know what they say. Nobody wants another Joe. 753 votes. What's your take on Katy Curric deb. You a CBS News anchor. Don't watch network news. 235. Leave me alone already. Don't watch any of them. Haven't seen her yet. 233. Well she's been on for two nights first. Think and say. She was okay. Okay. 78. Well, but that's people would really low standards. I'll tell you. Makes no difference. 71. I still think that's poorly worded. I'm embarrassed for you. You see, you say that you're going to put on whatever. Then I said, I'm going to put it on put that on. No, you didn't. Okay. Who do you say it to? You must have been the team when you said that. You must have been talking to you. They come to bacon. Yeah, that's what it was. Maybe we're talking to someone who is a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil and a civil. So we got. By the way, that sales department got 600 people in sales. You guys are doing one hell of a job for the other day. Parts. Not for this one. I got one. Eight years there and men. How could they sell that? I think in the last trend like a ten. It's tough. She's a real lightweight 65. That's for that. That's like I said, in insult to all lightweight to the world. awful 39. That's a correct answer. I hate this pool 25. What's with the black eye? 22. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's correct. She has a black eye. If they're opening Tuesday first night, let's say she had both black eyes. Speaking of lightweight, maybe she lost about. And great 16. I've wished probably at least 14 are women. Oh, she's a woman. Therefore she must have been great. Well, I may ask you if she's great, then how come. Connie Chung wasn't so great. Huh? I don't know. She's cool. Interesting. Slant on the nose. What other female? And Boba Wall was, if she couldn't speak it. I've heard Tom Broke on. Never held his career back. Just because she had a really bad speech impediment. How come she wasn't so great? Maybe because they were it as young and attractive as Katie. Who's only what is she 50? At least Google it. Google it. I'm pretty sure she's 50. And by the way, Vanowite just turned 86. It had say, Jack 92. Oh, hehehehe. Oh, every day, more and more propaganda manly is open enough and get a monitor with his political smer. Of course, it's not about politics. You understand? She was born in the 1970. She was one. 57. So that makes her 49. What month, Jeremy Oary? Oh, almost. She's getting close to the big five-o. What are we checking the lower things to that? 7565, oh, so I pulled 50 to like about 80. 50 by the top of the year. We got that thousand made in the shade. Right? Right. If I'm lying, you're dying. Keith Olderman, who's just great. You continue watching count out what Keith Olderman are not. What I do. What I get a chance to. You're supposed to watch it every time he's on there. Of course. All these summer vacations and holidays. That's all over now. Where is coming gone? So no more this screw in around. Even I got to go back to five days starting next Monday. Dammit. What a clock a crap. Catherine and her. And Steve. And Steve Irwin would say, what a clock. Cracky. Yeah. I don't know. I just can't. I'm not one of the, I don't watch those shows. I did watch, what was his name? Perkins? What was his name? Marlin Perkins. Marlin World. I was walking one. I was talking about it every three years. No, it wasn't. I watched it every Sunday, right before the wonderful world of Disney. Really? Yes. Marlin Perkins. I did. So would it clear back in the last days? Yeah. No, I know he had it was going to go with the mustache, was Marlin Perkins. Right. The old guy. But he had a young guy that actually went out and harassed the animals on Marlin's Well, what the young guy looked like. A big muscular kind of guy. Oh, not interested. Keith Olderman. Have you no sense of decency, sir? Now, of course, unless you live through the McCarthy or and saw the original hearings with the Joseph Welsh, or unless you watched that horrible George puny movie, Good night and Good Luck about it. One of the work. I'm not really sure which was or were Sriiana or at least Sriiana was some action. It was bad, but there was something going on. A good night and Good Luck, it just dragged. And what was with the jazz singer? Why did they keep wasting time with that? I guess I'm a little bit ahead of make the movie an hour and 45 minutes. I guess with it would have dark conflicted jazz singer. I was like, I don't know. I was not. He said, I was not. He said to move for the time or something. I don't know what that is. I could have shown the short tips of the how he do the show. We would know it was the 50s. They sure did smoke a lot though. He did. And now he's dead. He always had it. It looked like he was going to fade away in a big cloud of smoke at Murrell. Heathelbroman says it is to our deep national stream and ultimately will be to the president's deep personal regret. That he's followed a secretary of defense down the path of trying to tie it to those American, those loyal Americans who disagree with his policies, or even questioned their effectiveness or execution. So the Nazis are the past and the al Qaeda of the present. Today in the same subtle terms in which Mr. Bush and his colleagues muddied the clear line separating Iraq and 911, without ever actually saying so the president quoted a purported or some have been laddened, that spoke of launching a media campaign to create a wedge between the American people in their government. Make no mistake here. The intended that is to get us to confuse the psychotic scheming of an international terrorist, whether that's from a dear boogey man of the right to media. Well, it's figured that the boogey man was on again the other night with the, what's his name, very Watson. It's awful. Did I want to say that was a good movie? I don't think you ever did. Oh, it's horrible. You ever see it? I don't think, well, I saw one version. We had this conversation. The old version. It's a bird awful. The president and the vice president. There's a often attack freedom of speech and freedom of descent and freedom of the press. Now, Mr. Bush and signal that is unparalleled and unpresable attack on reporting as a new and venomous side angle. The attempt to link by the simple expediency of one word media. The honest patriotic and indeed vital questions and questioning from American reporters with the evil of al Qaeda propaganda. That linkage is more than just indefensible as un-American. Let me say it again. It's un-American. Mr. Bush and his colleagues have let us down before the such waters. We will not drink again, except periscill. And the president's rewriting and sanitizing of history. So it fits the expediences of domestic politics is just as false and just as scoreless. I love that word. Scoreless. In the 1920s, it failed us to ask me and paint or published a book in which he explained his intention to build an area in superstate and Germany and take revenge on Europe and eradicate the Jews' Bush city. Yesterday, the world ignored Hitler's words and paid a terrible price. Whatever the true nature of Al Qaeda and other international terrorist threats to ceaselessly compare them to the Nazi state of Germany serves only to embolden them. Moreover, Mr. Bush, you are conferencing in part with Osama bin Laden, others seek a fearful American populace easily manipulated and willing to throw away any measure of restraint, any go-alty to our own ideals and freedoms for the comforting illusion of safety. This becomes necessary to remind the president that his administration's recent Nazi kick is an awful and cynical thing. And if he comes necessary to reach back into our history for yet another quote from the other time that he will ask you to Mr. Bush, have you no sense of decency, sir? No. Is it in the allies? Yeah. Outline my ass. Have you no sense of, in most of our key play, he has been using a lot of lines from that awful movie tonight in Newtland. And all the people that Fox News by the way including their CE Roger Ailes, they're having their eye on an upper overkeep because they're seeing he's overlying just because of TV news of people's conference so we could go with this weekend. Maybe he just changes name to keep old people. He wasn't that Bill Riley mask and was doing the other signal. We're seeing how he's there. Yeah. Nice going Keith, you go baby. Stick it to a man. All these funny, but only right wing A-hole. And there's the commander of the mall, the chief, the head cheese, the daughter of the boss of Saudust. Let's see, Tim Dickinson, and this story to us now, you notice how the packies are retreating and back in the way from this real fast about being laden? Mm-hmm. And one of their puppeteers said, oh no, we do not do that. We will not say that right. Yamama. According to ABC's The Blotter, the Pakistani government of Pervert, Musharraf has an essence offered to a sound of been laden safe harbor within its borders. As part of a piece, the ill that seeds control of travel areas and its mountainous waser stand along the Afghan border to Taliban forces. They've ever been to war Zeristan, I don't know how you do. Don't know lately. Why can't say it again? According to Pakistan, you general, then laden would not be taken into custody as long as he's being like a peaceful citizen. In other words, don't be a bad guy, no mole. How's the war on terror going? Five years after 9.11, the mastermind of the attacks is still at large. The Taliban army that gave my surrogate nation a nation's state from which launched as attacks is not a law-delayne in North-West Pakistan. And as far as our earth-wild allies concerned, Vinlaan is welcome to make himself at home there. The Taliban and Al-Qaeda leadership have effectively carved out a sanctuary inside Pakistan. Former counterterrorist are Richard Clark told ABC. He's the Bush doctor no longer in effect. What happened to making no distinction between terrorists and the states that shelter them? Where is the president who said anybody who harbors terrorists needs to fear the United States and the rest of the country. Anybody who houses a terrorist encourages terrorism will be held accountable. Why aren't we leading an international forces to uproot the Taliban and Al-Qaeda from their mountain purge? Or making Pakistan pay a heavy price for standing with a terrorist. Right, it's Tim Dickinson on the National Arrolling Stone. Why? That's the question, you know, any answers to that? No answers. Twenty-and-a-half of the other forces are talking about it. Finally admitting about all these people they said to all these terror camps around the world, all these secret prisons. Not that we believe in torture, you want to stop. Of course not. We've had a spend billions of dollars to our, we're outsourcing jobs and outsourcing bad guys for torture. That's better than dirty or longer. So, if I were to 80 votes on a fold before the bottom of the Arroll have 800, I think we got it in the bag. Can you smell it? Hmm, oh, I mean, for clearance. It could be the bacon. Or you got bacon, I see your juice. Here we eat bacon in the bag. That's right. About 8.45 right morning. It gets me going. That's good stuff. And the key to that, now I'm not even going to go into it. Because there's some of the brands that microwave bacon really crap. But Snyder is what you can't get there, I don't believe I'm sure you can get there. It's really good stuff. And if you're going to be a minute and 45, and then the key to it is to like, put it on double layers of paper towel and the microwave. When you do get, right, like heavy duty and then you leave it in there, like several seconds after the month. Like for about two minutes. And it comes down nice and crispy. I might just go make some work as you know, give me all whipped up. And now I'll be talking like mushmouth for sure. So it's like we got Curtis and Colians and then we got some embarrassing programming again. Jesus God. Is that the way we're going to like counteract the dolphin stuff over across the street by having 80 million hours of the Marlins on there. Even though they did get an O'Hitter last night. That was the fourth and ten history, by the way, Josh. Is it was? No. Now the tropical storm or nestle was coming. There's one thing we know for sure. Hurricane season is in full swing. And it to say at least now is the time to protect your home because now is the time to call her. Hurricane shut her outlet nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three. And by the way, the thing after an ocean is not going to hit, but that won't be the last. You can be sure that we get a long way to go. The hurricane shut her outlet is your complete source for hurricane protection with all the things you need to get to job run and see me a lot of cash into same time. These folks talk all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specs and ready for a pick up or they'll liberate right to you. And now they're also manufacturing a courty and shutters. If you're sick and tired of putting the panels up and taking them down up and down up and down. According to the insiders, then we need to help simplify your life. Make the whole thing up. Piece of cake. The hurricane shut her outlet. Call them at nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three. Tell them the old Neil told it to call you get a hundred dollars off a minimum order of 350 square feet. Contractors and dollars welcome to. I'll make your credit cards accepted so call them at nine five four two three seven seven eight three or I'm lying just go to hurricane shut her outlet dot com. The biggest thing. The best challenge. The largest for video five sixty. You. And. There. The. And. And. And. The. The. The. The. The. The. You know. Wilson got the headset and the. Won't. Go Jason. Gotta go give them a hundred ten seventy six. We still want you to see the Sea of just two number in losing three Knox for your favorite but. Oh, no, have fun. Here, here, here, here. But, you're quite heavy. Okay, if I take it now, then watch out. What will you teach your life? You're not. We are all in Jubil, baby, Obey, Obey. We call it using a tickle effect. What will you be? You'll be awesome. Oh, no, have fun. Have fun. Have fun. Have fun. Have fun. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. What does it mean? Who are you? Pick you, Obey. Now. I'm sorry, guys. It's closed. Well, we know that. 11.19 at 5.60. Nobody can get ready for 45 hours of Marlon Pregame. And then, of course, the real post game show after this, the actor. He was playing that to me. I don't understand. Well, formally for like a half hour after the game, then we go to the real post game show. Why do we supposed to game show after the game? Well, they are. The real Post game show for the Glls, is why it's for the dolphins? Or for the dolphin, so Jesse is like a separator between baseball and football. That's right. He does the post game show for the marlon. There's the, I see. So we go from the Marlon Post game show to the dolphin post game show, even though, of course, we didn't have the dolphin broadcast. Now, now oh, I see. Wait a minute. You haven't corrected me. I've been screaming about this for days and it's your job that like say hey listen Well, man, you're full of crap. Which one of us both? Okay, the real pre game show isn't for the Marlin game I wonder what that was on that's your job. That's awesome game that we don't have the right There's only a real pre game and real post game show. This is absolutely un- Daily- That's so lootly. Wow. So we got a pre game show for the dolphin game Then we got the Marlin game which kind of like, oh, they don't exist, you know They're just the game over 500 and they're gonna make the wild card and then we go from that into their very brief post game show How about five minutes and then we order the dolphin post game show That's the real dolphin's post game show right and it not to be confused with the real dolphin pre game show Or the unreal show is overcross the street there by chuck of the sub center and the stadium diner Now if anybody was peeled peo to about my that did we played about Steve or one? I have two things to say about that number one. We don't care and number two Wait to hear this Sydney australia. Did you see about this broad? No comments by academic germane Greer. I wonder she's kind of rosy Greer. She's a little bit too like complicated. I think oh, yeah I read those yesterday comments by academic you read him on a year. Yeah, oh, you already did this then She said, Rocky. I'm gonna do it again anyway. Alright, what you did. Alright comments by academic germane Greer on the death of wildlife Phoebe Starrstee we're gonna trigger a storm of anger with the australian author being criticized for being insensitive and a leadist Greer best known for her feminist book the female unique Said yesterday or one is an embarrassment and I self-deluded animal torture or what's wrong with those? Or what have gained international fame for his crocodile hundred TV series was killed Monday by the stingray well We know it speaking on a stride in TV channel lines a correct affair news program yesterday Greer described those who mourned or when's passing its idiots and said possibly millions of australians were embarrassed by him Greer said or when hadn't read animals with respect that is nerve He would tell you how dangerous they were and he would proceed to intrude on their space and humiliate them really Treat them with massive and sensitivity. She said it's no surprise. He came to grief in other words If you voted on the poll, she'd have said he had a coming Greer's view is first aired in Britain's guardian newspaper on Tuesday Have should draw an a sharp response in Australia from politicians and commentators Queens by and state leader Peter Peter B. A baby told Greer to back off and labeled or comments stupid and insensitive Do your main Greer is just wrong and I can't imagine anyone being more insensitive and frankly stupid. He said today This argument is just extreme radical rubbish from germane. We're gonna couldn't come in a more insensitive time Any suggestion that or when mystery the animals is just rubbish. He educated the generation in one out of mystery animals Crarky off their John Birmingham writing in the Australian newspaper here today called Greer's comments a poisonous discharge of Vile which encapsulates a usable whole class of australian statistics who felt uncantimal with Irwin's global celebrity In the words they were jealous Greer was a frequently critical person on these like British stockers soccer star David Beckham and social friends like reality TV Although she herself appeared briefly in Britain's celebrity big brother series. How do you like that huh? Lyrilire pants on fire. It's the dog calling the horse black and now how goes the pop calling something Another news Irwin's father said his son is that like don't can't fool me again. Can't get fooled This is the leader of the free world boys and girls Comer than a cockroach Another news Irwin's father said his son's funeral will be held privately within seven days You can firm that the family had to climb the safe funeral for the TV star and a short statement to the meeting the family's australia Zwerf Pau Park. Bob or one set a sense funeral would be private and under-slows location And then a public memorial service would be held within two weeks. He wants to be remembered as an ordinary bloke Bob or one sitter over there. He's an ordinary bloke. He liked that Bob or one told reporters Wednesday He and his son were extremely close. Even I weren't like father and son. We never were one said we were good mates I'll remember Steve is my best mate ever. Ooh don't they have a word for that? Yeah, okay, now let's see how they They the star arguing about this thing with the video. You know because they were a video taping the thing when he got Son and got killed yeah, or was manager in close friend John Stanton told CNN's Larry King That he would not not want the paper lease. It should be destroyed. He said the tape is in police custody But what's that gets out man? It'll be everywhere where we on life pop up toasters So be on the side of bank buildings next to the virgin Mary It'll be on overpasses and underpasses water stained colors all over the place, right? Right? It'd be on top on your refrigerator nest of those magnets magnets 810 votes. Oh, we definitely got it look now. I think that thousand. They don't you? Easy but don't listen don't take anything for granted. You should know better with this car. Oh, yeah, that's right Have any of you learned to his long not brutal summer. I learned it's almost over That's what you think. I'm taking a common sense of what is going to oh boy What's your take on Katie Corpse they viewed to the last night on the CBS evening news? Don't watch network news 253 haven't seen her yet to 15 what do you wait and for man? You're love the black eye Okay 83 she's okay. Yeah, makes no difference 79 a real lightweight 71 awful 43 awful is a correct answer no matter what anybody says that's that's the answer I hate this pool 26 what's with a black eye 23 and she's great 17 Great better and longer cronkite Douglas Edwards John Chancellor chat hotly David Brinkley Dan Rader Who might be Tom Brokeau? Well and see how much 26 times to love and don't forget to check noon after Curtis is on briefly from colines we got 75,000 hours we got football and baseball and baseball and football and Josh Straffs and naked guys all that stuff You know, it's not always easy for students heading off to college They have to get used to a new environment and new sleep habits and who they're sleeping with of course But new dial a new mattress can help from dial a mattress. I've been using them for years man every time My mattress gets lumpy or a little bit bumpy. I'll you do a sit there on your fat old ass and you make that easy call dial a mattress yours every major campus on the East Coast for Miami all the way to Boston call 1 800 Metrus ask for the students specials near area. Well, I wish what I want to Cambridge school a broadcasting What I know that I would have had me a great mattress I don't know if I'm to be a witness fact then you I don't know probably not so you can though Get fact we dread prices lower than the chain stores even the so-called big sales that are going on those stories Plus dial a mattress has got 12 month financing waiting for you to you know There can be a lot of restless nice being away from home for the first time tossing and turning and twisting and Groping and grabbing so make life a little easier and more comfortable So your kids have a new mattress to do a grouping and grabbing on call even if it's only with themselves Call 1 800 mattress or get low prices on the best brands. They got them all silly sort of king coil Simmons tempered and sterns and bananas foster dial a mattress rank number one of the world a customer satisfaction dial a mattress column toll free 1 800 MAT T R E S leave off the last as because it stands for a stupid savings and on the year web by the way It's mattress.com Hey There special the world's board is joking there's no oh You wait a minute, you know, just got a bunch of crazy people. You know, like me called not taking only one call to, but I think one of them were counted. No, I'm talking about one similar human being. Oh, yeah, yeah, not that. That doesn't count. But anyway, he was he wanted to know what position Charlie Chris likes best and I said do you sell? Yeah, but he also had some skid and comments about our new morning show, which I resemble that very bad, a grotesque. Maybe that would be a good pull idea for it tomorrow. Okay, I didn't do it. I mean, Katie Kirkwell, I mean, you wait a couple of days and then take the pull right away. Although it to be honest with you, it's not as negative as it should be. Well, wait till they've actually seen her and then the real I was what I'm talking about with a bladder. I was in the bad reading and the lack of presence in life as she she's out of her element baby. She's a million miles out of her element, but you know what if somebody offered me 15 million here to read the news. I do it too. Yeah, no matter how bad I look, no matter how much bad makeup. They put on how much mascara they put on my lashes. I wouldn't give a crap. But wait, just in style nice the jockey at wood buying got a haircut just like mine now just in style copy of you But I found out yesterday was watching the racing I found out that he's got a wife global warming gases trapped in the soil are bubbling out of the fine permor frost and you know Have you ever wondered about? I don't want to get to graphic now, but jockeys and Jockeys who are married to like normal sized women, you know, because jockeys may you look like a giant sure They have you know, midgets and dwarves are married to normal sized women a lot of times. Yeah, I don't want to get to graphic here because we'll get joy You know like that, but if you ever wondered how they like consummate their merges footstool now please Global warming gases trapped in the soil are bubbling out of the thine pretty normal sand ocean Of course, they're not Chinese all the many of the good jockeys are like japanies Global warming gases trapped in the soil are bubbling out of the thine permor frost in amounts far higher than previously thought and made trigger Research is war is a climate time bomb Of course the Chinese reproduce like rabbits they got a big in people and even with all the common stereotypes about Chinese men They still manage somehow You know what I'm saying? Where there's a will is a they Methane uh-oh, there we go with a present farting again methane a greenhouse gas Twenty-three times more powerful in carbon dioxide is being released from the permor frost at a rate five times faster than thought According to a study being published today in the journal nature I'm sure that's one of your favorites three read read read read eight just this morning the findings are based on new more accurate measuring techniques The effects can be huge said lead author Katie Walter of University of Alaska at Fairbanks It's coming out a lot and there's a lot more to come out Sciences worry about a global warming vicious cycle that was not part of their already gloomy climate forecast Warming already underway thoughts permor frosts. We're let's been continuously frozen for thousands of years Thought permor frost releases methane and carbon dioxide Those gas is richy. I'm the student help track heat on earth in the grass house of a greenhouse effect grass house And the greenhouse effect the trap heat does more from a frost and so on Maybe that's where what's your name was going in the hand-it-rots to cradle maybe she would out of go back and check the grass house Is that what they called it? No the greenhouse Wasn't I who I can in that movie oh yeah, I'm sorry about the ad house She's in the I sage ass house. Yes, the ice queen Now higher the temperature gets the more program frost we melt the more tendency this to become more vicious cycles Said Chris field director global economy at the Carnegie Institute of Washington was not part of the study That's the thing that's scary about this whole thing. There are lots of mechanisms that tend to be self perpetuating and relatively few Attend the shutter off I like that so if you're smelling like a lot of bad games That's not somebody farting online. I'm waiting there in public to walgris. That's just methane being released in the year or maybe it's your president The likes to fart it's the new reporters there the Washington press Yeah, yeah, like now that's just a trap. I didn't know I know a bubble plan Trump on our sale Remember that yes, he did on the late night show But I was the wax of the snacks. That's right. Well, I'm thinking of a Rossi Ross He plays the trumpet you know the hundred-year-old guy that very Friday he's at the pine cone in I just I can't stop watching that spot and you know something I still don't know what it's for It's for like some old fart insurance Yeah, but I'm just gonna say old fart insurance even I'm not that old yet. I'm getting close, but yeah, it says for like people over the age of a hundred like many 843 was well, would that be something to live to be a hundred and to be that healthy and driving yourself around and going and Blow the old hornet to the pine cone in every Friday when there be something Presently was Jewish. He would be at the pine curmer and oh Sorry I said that take it back you didn't hear that but exactly President pushes unpopularity do largely the one our racings likely to affect the OPP candidates and congressional midterm elections in November quarter the new CNN polaroid system. I'm sure you covered this with a blanket in it. Oh, yeah 55% of a thousand in former American said it would be less likely to vote for a candidate who has supported Bush administration policies according to the poll conducted by a pinned and research court on behalf of CNN 40% said they would be more likely now is this one of those polls that they actually talked to people are just dogs and cats The past a similar question 94 regarding president Clinton 51% of Americans said they would less likely vote for a candidate who has supported the Democratic administration The war and Iraq appears to be a main factor in Republican opposition poll all results show 58% of Polish-Bondensite are opposed to the work compared with 39% who approve of it 58% say they're opposed and must be because it's going so well And has so much to do with the war on terror and so much to do with 911 The war seems to have gained some popularity 61% of Polish-Bondensite's month were opposed to the war now just 58 well that's within the That's within the thing you know the margin of era 62% said they believe that nobody is winning the war 25% said the U.S. is winning in 12% said the insurgents are winning Because all these members that's after today all the polls are like that they just make them up like ours You know For this 99% of the people are false and Katie Kirk's stunk horrible see I just made that up my line Well, it's a dodgy citizen that we got 847. Oh, we got it not even Nonia for Christ's sake Or they say a little Havana. It's not even Nunez Not even Nune. We already got like almost a 50 what I say by Nune. We need a 50 we got it made maybe I realized no pressure no pressure Nothing worse than put a lot of pressure on you on is we do want to press you though to listen to now what do you think of my idea of doing a I think it's great idea especially since now I don't have to come up with one Yeah, and that's why I did it look at a good plug in you for yesterday Here is sweetheart what was he yesterday? No, it wasn't yesterday One more crack cover was the previous one. What was it? I forgot Whatever it was it was really good, you know, yeah, it was excellent thing I can go here on view previous sure No, and that won't do it on history. Oh that this takes too long. Yeah, who cares? No, I care was it in good poll It was excellent Something cool. Oh, it was about the tailgate party that oh, yeah, but he's gonna be listening Yes, and when we saw all of these that I had to do with programming and it's not clearance good screw you're clear into an idiot You're a jacks nifer. This is the only program director in history next to the one who preceded him Who sits in a quarter all day sniffing old jacks drafts in fact the two previous program directors prior to turns that was their hobby Two so I guess you just inherited that maybe it's one of them hand me down things, you know, it's a job required Hand me down Jack. He sits in there smelling the huge jacks drafts all day long And then of course what they do is they miss label him. You know, so he sniff and Danny marino's old jacks draft now Or he thinks it is that's a pretty trick never come to find out it was twice transfer and now I come to find out it was Roy What was name what about what's his name boy? No, isn't it very foster what is wrong with you man somebody? Very foster from the danis foster Jesus you're getting worse than I am I'm pretty maturely get gray What I got to hit it again there Boy, it's lost in here. Yeah, you used to be a big football star, but now we're here Roy We didn't need to get that word foster intensive okay, remember what he and that fascination with that jack getting Black bill though that we have Mr. Dealer boy to thought that he'd be over that he borrowed it for the weekend at one time He was he we'll bitchy about why I didn't bring it back not that we needed it But it was just like kind of a trophy that we had here a kind of a you know Simbolize the whole operation. We use it every now and again. I bet screw-in like it I had a great I'm not gonna go in it 19 till noon a QM. I need to double Roy set For 20560 What did it yeah I'm on it a jaddy I'm on it a jad I'm a teenager I'm a teenager And you kind of like no gives you a big scrubbed beer anywhere is around Jack It looks like he bought it at banana rape public off the dish come back I'm on it a jad I'm on it a jad I'm on it a jad I'm 46 I can just play that all day every day and get big eyes I love those sports I'm a good yeah, you like that you're gonna like this even better for all those right wing lunatics Who think that even Hitler was too liberal who think that Katie Kirk is bringing a liberal agenda Mike Whitney writes. Let's see. Oh, this is unsmerking champ. I just just have off the press Katie courage plans to nukaran The American people want the news they want to know what's going on. They want to be well informed This explains the explosion of new related websites on the internet It's impossible to be informed citizen by watching network news the business friendly script is carefully edited to portray America's activities around the world And a positive light this produces coverage which is invariably sympathetic to us foreign policy goals and last objectivity or depth For the last decade or so it didn't matter what network broadcast one watched the lead stories and commercial breaks were featured just the same Time from just the same ideological perspective using just the same talking points in buzzwords to present a solid wall of this information Which was intended to overpower the viewer in the believing that this is the news The internet is broken a spell of controlled information provided us with unlimited access to divergent information and viewpoints Intelligent people have naturally gravitated the decides to give them a more accurate and detailed summary of the day's events without him meticulously managed spin of network news This is caused considerable frustration among the ruling class Which claims of an awfulion information which is better fortune building an empire to miss lead the public and issues that are critical of their continued dominance That's why Congress is currently getting involved in the internet to destroy the citizens free access to unfiltered news They don't care about saving a few seconds at time for the transmission of information on business related sites That's all nonsense They want to control what you see what you hear and what you know That's the key for maintaining the class system which keeps them in power Katie Courarch is the latest addition to the network paradigm her promotion of news anchor indicates a further departure from hard news The personality driven fluff that resembles structural information. It's a spoof on news programs No different than the daily show. I'll be can speak obviously less entertaining The underlying cynicism of using Courarch is impossible to ignore it shows in stark terms that network credibility is not even a small consideration With the city making process substance doesn't matter the only thing that matters is ratings The network's loan consumers fighting a suitable vehicle for hockey the products of their commercial sponsors That's why they selected someone whose mega qualifications are her airbrush non-shriting appearance and her perkenous She's been chosen as the drop-bram towards for the heavily-deckeded corporate friendly news The results are predictably abysmal and even depressing The first two programs indicated approach to the news was emphasizes familiarity and casualness It's like any neighborhood gossip from the girl-knife store, and that's what it's supposed to be a clear intention is to provide Rumshell's world view of Iacati curse persona creating a softer gentler take on America's global interventions The method is subtle and manipulative the main issues Iraq Afghanistan Palestine, etc are completely ignored or glossed over in a completely non-critical manner So this in that America the gentle giant is doing its best to calm down the fractious error world and keep them from killing each other Last night's presentation followed the same formula Could be analyzing the headline news and moving quickly into a slick format and for info Marshall about the wonderful work our Spy agencies are doing listening in on every phone call we make to keep us all safer The same with presented this top-secret insider's view of the main office for intelligence collection Colorado It was designed to put a friendly face on the hardworking men and women who are engaged in mulling the fourth amendment on a daily basis Like Bush corrects job is to sell the public on the idea that personal freedom is obsolete and a living in the government cage can be comfortable and secure Later in kd's free speech segment of the program a former government official provided a sanitized view of immigration that was identical to the policies Not look of the council on forum relations the Malcolm of 4,000 American elites who try to advance their globalist agenda through their various operatives in the media Jim Lera Margaret Warner Tom broke on Tom Friedman Tom Friedman the CFR's number one pitchman for globalization the world is flat Was on the show the previous night tonight's show will feature Marshall in-bought We enforce in the belief that free speech will be limited to those whose opinions maxed use of corporate king planes at American Twitter crats Don't expect no I'm chancekany time soon The kitty show wonderful the field good segment about a blind black boy who's managed to adjust to his handy cap and have a relatively normal life It is the classic Horatial algebra story of somebody who distains government handouts and pulls in itself up by his own bootstraps It's a favorite message of people on the far right that government has no responsibility with people you're on your own Somehow the message is more persuasive coming from Katie Courick than from the thousands of victims who were abandoned during hurricane Katrina That of course was the tourist example of Republican theory of natural selection or rather it's every man for himself Behind the glitzi sets in the contract presentation the correct show is clearly the most ideologically driven of the network newscast Even a cursory analysis exposes the influence of far right talk winners preaching their creed through the newest megaphone Katie Courick It's not a bad strategy. She's bound to have more success soft pedaling war and tax cuts than the malingering dope from Crawford It'll be interesting to see how she softens us up for nooking a ran Katie Courick's plan to nuke our ran. I love it. That's great. She sucks man She's pathetic and the right-wingers think that she's liberal. Oh You'll see she had borchron last night Tom Friedman Who's a lunatic and then of course to Barcelona bought a night sounds pretty liberal to me, doesn't it? Oh, yeah, and what was that line from Bush again? I think I hope I saved that How do I part of my job the hardest part of his job is Convincing Well, I want to make sure I get to write her to make a connection one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect iraq to the war on tear 37 Right, oh my as matter of fact, what a good segue do I have time for this story right now? There's another new book all these new books out. I better go to the bookstore today, you know Hubert's the inside story of spin scandal and the selling of the Iraq war not to be confused that book the architect Carl Rove and a master plant press Which he tried to get them a couple of chapters removed from the book. What about his client-distan sidewalk meetings with Jack Abrahamov and the fact that his stepfather is Day those things Lot of get those out of there didn't work Hubert's the inside story of spin scandal and the selling of the Iraq war new book arriving in stores came yesterday I've had a news we can investigate a reporter Michael Isakov and nation Washington entered David corn that corn sure is special We feel is a foray of new details on the inner workings of the administration lead up to the Iraq war many of which cast I'm glad we're glad on the aggressive nature of the Bush-Chainee team that just counted facts from the intelligence community in favor of a policy that involved attacking Iraq raw stories Learn among the books myriad disclosures will include and this goes on. I'm and this is gonna be I'll have to continue this You know what I mean be a two part far apart President Bush was driven by and I'm and make sure I watched my language when I get so this thing about Helen Thomas President Bush was driven by a visceral hatred of Sodom was saying which he probably demonstrated an Exxbler of late in turrets against the Iraqi dictator in May 2002 must be for the ass Congress for authority to attack Sodom Bush bluntly revealed his ultimate game plan in a candid moment with two aides When told that reporter Helen Thomas was questioning the need to outsaut him by force bush neck Did you tell her I intend to kick his sorry mother effing ass all over the mid east? That was good one it meeting with congressional and let's see I watch your language. No in a meeting with congressional It is the present angrily thrust his middle finger inches in front of the face of Senator Tom Vashal to illustrate Sodom's attitude toward the USA As part of an aggressive pre-worked co-operation program codenamed Anabuses after an ancient text about a box invasion of Babylon the CIA was authorized by the White House in the winter of 2002 to blow targets in Iraq and engage in direct action An agency euphemism for assassination to weaken Sodom's regime and prepare for his ouster by the US military For anabuses or however you say that the agency's mother Iraqi exals to a top secret site in Nevada in the desert and trained them in sabotage Nix closest the Iraqi fourth known as the scorpions was being trained to season isolated Iraqi military post in order to create a provocation A contributor war with Iraq when Bush was first briefed that no WMDs have been found in Iraq He was totally unfazed and asked few questions I'm not sure I've spoken to anyone at that level who seemed less inquisitive than briefer told authors Colon Paul remains intensely bitter and angry about his UN Security Council's speech during which he'd presented the case for war After became clear that much of his speech was wrong He refused to have anything to do with CIA directed George 10. It's annoying to me Paul told the authors Everybody focuses on my presentation Well the same GD case was presented to the US Senate and the Congress neighborhood of abortions Iraq resolution why aren't they outraged? The same case was presented to the president. Why is in the president outrage? It's always G Paul you made the speech to the UN After the invasion Dixini's AIDS desperately sifted through Ron Pelgen's nuggets in search of any evidence that would justify the war on One occasion they sent the WMD hunters in Iraq a satellite photo They suspected Shota hiding place for WMDs But it turned out to be only an overhead photo of a watering hole for cows All right about their sounds dangerous to me. Okay. Let me stop at that for you. I got no one here. Just stopping with it All right, and it's to be continued. It's long and the story too Man, I got a humongous Paul here by the way. Can congratulations to Cara and Katherine Harris and you know what she I was right I was ready you were too ago. He is dead politically anyway. She ain't got a Chinnamon chance and how the widows pearl the crash a weed Yeah, she got two chances none and much much much much much less than none And I'm sure that Democrats are thinking oh, thank you so much Florida Republicans This is at a Homeland Security Domoryn advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour She was a famous popsicle He was a terrorist mastermind determined to smuggle the critics to the beloved Of boy and heart The beloved Oh, wait me you'll always be number one in my heart even if you're right Twenty seven. Oh, I'm a ain't got a word. We're from two different worlds We can make it work look come down to the game when I'm shooting my latest video We can hang out Oh, God Experience Look at tears I can't I love somebody who inflict pain and suffering on innocent people Hey, you're the one who made wedding to act I'm doing impossible Evident with you turning to a window blow up You're on to the special forces with me you love my no video I call it the head is body brown Maybe that's gonna dry him out of hiding you think at most get him together Right there in a French review or he's probably still already there I should have played that until we blow up Pakistan after I would have seen him But nevertheless tonight now all we wouldn't do that we went nine hundred votes on the pool. I knew him aren't you? And now that and you're hard to impress but that's you really Stamp it in delible thing on your ass a thing nine hundred first Even though even though Eric was busy at the parliament house last night Anyway getting back to the thing about this book Cubris the inside story of spin scandal and the selling of the rack war by Michael Luzkov and David corn and these are just like you know These are some of the highlights a critical memo in the CIA Lee case was based on the state Department of Official Dye war as this official tool the office in accurate This memo reported the former ambassador Joseph Wilson's wife was a CIA employee who played a key role in setting him off on his trip through New Year You have to state Department of Official now acknowledges his notes to that's described Valerie Wilson's role accurately at the time of her outing Valerie Wilson was an undercover officer in the CIA who was mission had been together intelligence about WMV's in Iraq She was the operations manager of the early joint task force on a whack a unit in the condistence service of the CIA This unit desperately tried to obtain evidence to back up the Bush administration decisions about Sodom's WMV's yet found no such evidence Richard Armadage the deputy secretary of state was the original leak from the CIA case, but As he was disclosing information accomplished Robert Novak Carl Roe of scooter-loving other top White House Hades were engaged in a fierce campaign to the spread of Joseph Wilson Roe of even told MSNBC anchor Chris Matthews that the Wilson's were trying to screw the White House So the White House was going to screw them back Many of the White House's most dramatic claims about the threat posed by weapons and mass destruction were repeatedly questioned by senior members of the US intelligence community But their decisions and users were suppressed right nor by the White House Admiral Thomas Wilson the director of defense intelligence agency until May 2002 is quoted in the book as casting doubt on virtually the entire White House case for an invasion of Iraq I didn't really think Iraq had a nuclear program retired Wilson told the officers I didn't think Sodom and Iraq were any immediate threat on WMV The CIA missed an obvious clue that showed that the infamous knees here documents the bases her bushes fall statement in the state of the Union speech were crude forgeries The clue was a bizarre campaigning document detailing a supposed global alliance of rogue nations including Iraq and Iran A notion so unlikely that once they department intelligence almost immediately labeled it a hoax The CIA also blew the recall on these documents, probably because an officer misplaced the papers US intelligence officials suspected Iranian intelligence was trying to influence US to signal making through Ausmai Chalabez Iraqi National Congress if they felt they could do nothing about it because the I.N.C. headsup or within the White House in Pentagon Congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle seriously doubted the case for war and questioned the top secret briefings They received directly from Cheney one senior Republican House majority leader dick army member dick army. Oh yeah, what you got to say I like the issue quiet And I don't need to listen to my fact Barney Frank crying in in my here because I made a few bucks out of book. I worked on the economy war the president in September 2000 to meeting that Bush would be stuck in a quagmire if he invaded Iraq But army others were afraid for political reasons to challenge the White House on the prewar intelligence quagmire That sounds homemade in it. Yeah, it does Your academic derided as a virtual crackpot by US enforcement on the intelligence community greatly influenced top Bush administration officials who adopted her far-fetched theory That's sadomas the source of most of the terrorism in the world including 911 attacks But obli this researcher Laurie my lord my lord Roy had whatever name was had once been a sadama poll just and engaged in a secret Backdoor diplomacy ended a brokering a piece of court between Israel and Iraq after Sadaman invaded Kuwaiti developers are allegations about sadaman terrorism for theories were debunk by the CIA and FBI Yet deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz embraced them cited them in official meetings and repeatedly press the agency in bureau to come over evidence to substantiate her work The intelligence committee these top nuclear experts were afraid to challenge publicly the Bush administration's claim that Iraq had obtained aluminum two for a nuclear weapons program though they disagreed with the assessment the two the two case was Relent must be pressed by one CIA analyst who's technical expertise did not match those of the scientists and whose name is revealed for the first time in Huvers The CIA came close to recruiting Sadama Saints foreign minister Najee Sabri to be in American spy to a lesbian is journalists sobriest worst of the CIA's station chief in Paris that Iraq had no active nuclear or WMD programs But senior CIA and White House official dismissed the intelligence and opposed the effort to recruit Sabri fearing it would undercut the case for the invasion The chief of the CIA's Iraq operations group told the peristation chief one of these days you're going to get it. This is not about intelligence This is about regime change Even as colleagues of Judith Miller with the New York Times were suspicious of a reporting on Iraq's WMD's for editors stubbornly stood by her Tuberacy tales have some of the times most significant and wrong stories about Sadama's WMDs came to be written CIA aimless over the objections of other intelligence community in list rigged a post invasion report to show that a trailer found in Iraq was a mobile bioweapons lab Total totally bogus before the invasion bush in general Tommy Franks only briefly discussed how Iraq would be secured after the invasion and did so in the most general terms The one idea they discussed Appointing a Lord may or an each Iraqi city in town wasn't even shared with a military officers and charges drawing up the plans for a post invasion Iraq Carl Roven his Lord didn't turn over a critical piece of evidence in the CIA in the case a document covered by a subpoena from the special prosecutor for nearly a year Few brist the inside story of spin scandal and the selling of the Iraq war was published It was out yesterday random houses Trump publishing group by Michael is a coffin day before I'm sure that you're all gonna go out and buy that before three plots today right before the ball game before all those pregame See how come you didn't tell me about that the real pregame show. I figured you'd knew I didn't know well They were doing that last year. I mean, I don't know where on a Thursday before a Marlon game Well, no, the way we got a Marlon's which we pay through the nose for that was finally there coming through in the playing good ball When you're beginning just about and got that no hit or last night in front of a scant crowd But nevertheless our pants through the mess well, you know, make some haywell of sunshine But no, we're still obsessed with the dolphins, man. We don't have the dolphins. We haven't got the freaking dolphins. Okay We're not losing millions of dollars here in the dolphins like they are across the street over there. Somebody be somewhere between the sub center and What's in the stadium dinner somewhere between there in that car place? I told you about what is that car place? Is it a roomy something? See you still no no I don't know maybe one of these days is you'd rather than a 441 maybe more 400 41 or we ought to wait Huh for a Henry I believe is that what it is that short of hang spots is we love them, right? Maybe that's why they were so nice to me that day when I went and over my head bulging after that little little acid in my corvette I did you see the car when you came over there George? When after I had that the actually yeah, I thought it was like buckle up like sure somebody squash it like our on that All buckle up Maybe that's what they mean when they say when you get in the car buckle up a lot or your car will nine hundred and 16 votes on the full baby We're gonna make that thousand maybe by one clock. Oh my god I'm gonna get chills up my spine and down my rectum that happens Ray McGrespeaker that for a good segue, man I'm on a roll today. I should call a quits today. This is it been great Well, I mean coming back and try to do this five days a week. Oh, I know and have it a big tire like this I mean I'm sure I'm not gonna go back to taking a whole bunch of concocts. We had one very good call today They got was great. No, we had a good call. Yes, we did That took one it was very good to if you only take one I mean a real one, you know how bad can it be? It's fair to compare to the rest of the soil. It comes in The torturers of practice rights Ray McGurburne on Tompain.com Ray McGurburne works with tell the world the publishing arm of the ecumenical church of the Savior Ooh, he was an army infantry intelligence officer Then a CIA analyst for 27 years and now on the steering group of veteran and intelligence professionals for sanity That'll Zillion his our right a few and hand him on our website right right go to the arraggers.com and read our website Damn it we had over 1800 reads and I've strayed that in the one and a while about Clinton and the Republicans is screwing him up When he tried to prevent nine eleven. Oh, I know you can get around that every website Huh, you got you got on radio. I somebody put it on there on reddit.com or a ddit That come look at that thing. That's a good website. Okay, so somebody put that story on there Which was directing everybody to our website so they could read a story about how the Republicans screwed up Clinton on the Terrorism thing and if we're not a turnaround in Blightman him for nine eleven And that ABC so-called documentary Sunday Monday will get to that he is foaming at the mouth Anyway, can I read the way McEurburne? Are you gonna keep it in a ruping? I'll keep it up to oh I don't think I have time. I better do the break. Pryki. What is this guy to do with an M? Dom family per claim Scene apply directly to the braveston caffeine apply directly to the braveston I'm Jerry Springer with my best in with a star's final call If this show is taught me anything it's a power of dance Imagine if people starts fighting and started dancing What if George W. Bush and a son of in line pulling to the close and dance to tango? Or better yet the long-batter just a bit dance I'm not sure who would lead it's not important But I'm second thought maybe it is each and every one of us should take the lead and grab our enemies around the waist and not around the throat And instead of swinging at each other we could swing to the sound of big band music the world would be a better place Although it means me into my talk show. This will forget it. I'm Jerry Springer take carry a sells and each other Thanks Jerry 2016 at five 16.00 Q.A.M. Before we get to that radio I'm a government thing not no kind of George McEurburne Okay, just found this man. I said if you scow the internet as you we can do a marathon until I've passed out and croaked right on the floor There's just more new interesting crap coming in light you're gonna love this great cops say grave robbers had sex on their minds Oh boy Well, I'm ready to dig up a grave in rural southwestern Wisconsin as matter of how good did I see on the bio channel the agreement with her killer and what he used to do is he would Get very close tabs on where he used to hide the women's bodies, you know like in the brush and stuff like that That's what it are and he would go back in like after he killed him and left him there like in the leaves and so He would like have relations with him again relations On the way to the river rural southwestern was caught well, he's nobody fights back that way anyway You know no resistance on their way to dig up a grave in rural southwestern was constantly grunky brothers and a friend scum to the Walmart to pick up some condoms The word he said is now we usually do when you go to a funeral to a graveyard. Oh, yeah Three days later on two days this week twins Nicholas and Alexander grunky 20 and Dustin Radki 20 We're charged in grant county with attempted theft and attempting to have sex with the corpse I'm sure many of you Yes, I'm sure many of you can imagine what I don't have to remember experiences. Yeah, yeah in different schools That teach you about bizarre behavior neck or philia is one of those things that you hear about But you never think you'll have to deal with said grant county sheriff Keith Rovier a cash mill police officer Rind of the St. Charles cemetery on Saturday night after neighbor alerted police to suspicious activity According to a curl complaint filed Tuesday the officer found an abandoned vehicle parked near the cemetery Minutes later the complaint stated the officers saw Alexander grunky walking toward the vehicle dressed in black and sweating profusely After being questioned grunky told the officer his brother and raki were trying to dig up a grave The two drove into the cemetery to find a partially dug grave of a 20 year old woman who was killed in a motorcycle accident August 27 the castle Well, that's just a few days ago The diggers had only managed to reach the top of the graves concrete vault Nicholas grunky and raki were arrested Suddenly morning in B-town about eight miles from the cemetery The complaints they're rat key told police the Nicholas grunky had asked him to help dig up the castle woman's body and take it to grunky's house So that grunky could have sex with it on the way to the cemetery raki said they step by a dodgeville wall marked the by condoms Because Nick wanted them to he wanted to use them when he had sex with the corpse Grunky was said that we didn't know them, but it seemed her picture and newspaper obituary The grunky's there for murejue while raki is from dodgeville both on Wisconsin's Iowa county about 50 miles northwest of Casville Groubius said the woman was very well-life very popular in cash though a Mississippi evidently very light And Mississippi River town of about 1100 of the communities very upset the chair said the camp will leave it the family There are people of faith that this is still in the real time for them the Reverend John Norder pastor St. Charles first and cast it until the AP up and Monday Well, pretty sure cut that something like this could even happen it blows your mind Yeah, anyone could scoop so low. She must have been a stone cold fox raki and the grukies were being held to dinner at the Grand County jail the gruky brothers decided a thousand dollar bottle while raki and a $1,500 bond for previous misdemeanour charges of resisting arrest each could face nearly five and a half Your term in prison in 175 and five How do you like that? Having sexual the stiff but at least with a condom though. Yeah, you know You know, you know, you know, never know what you're going to catch from me. That's something about the responsibility anyway That's right. I don't think anything to a catch in anything I mean even they couldn't even they probably weren't that stupid it probably more like how to do with being less creepy You know, oh, yeah less creepy right A little bit. I think once you're well, it's not your coffin climbing You're not to worry about the creepy fact on your coffin mounting. Yeah. Yeah 946 votes on a full. I think we got a hell of a shot to get that thousand by one o'clock if we do George is doing one or two Oh boy, wait my government rest the torture is a premise addressing the user torture Wednesday President George W. played the basic instincts of Americans is he strained to turn his violation of national international law Into a Zimdai and how tough he is on terrorists is two or four subrupted mind to charge the Athenians leveled at Socrates making the worst case appear the better Forces are marks made it abundantly clear though. They's not about to take the hemlock as the fifth anniversary of 9 level of approaches and with the midterm elections Just two months away the president's speech right is succeeded making a silk purse out of the sounds era of torture The artful offensive will succeed if but only if the mainstream media is is cowed and the American people is dumb as the president thinks they are Arguably a war criminal under international law on a capital crime from London or US criminal law Bush's legal jeopardy is even clearer than when he went a while during the Vietnam war and this time is father won't be able to fix it Bush in jeopardy yes The issue is torture which George W. both above Bush authorized in February 7, 2002 memorandum and contravention both of these in eva courts and 18 US code truth 2441 the war crimes act And incorporates these in eva prisons in the federal criminal code which is approved by a republican Congress in 1996 heading the advice of vice president de tiniest council David addicton then one house council ever took in Zollas in assistant attorney general jay bibi the president officially opened the door to torture that memorandum As remarks yesterday reflect the determination of chanian bush to keep that door open and accuse those who are close It being soft on terrorists The administration released that damning memorandum in the spring of 2004 after the photos of torture at obu gar We're published and provided the basis for talking points that the president wanted humane treatment for captured Outcut and Taliban individuals and surprise surprise mainstream journalists like those of the New York times swallowed the bait Clean safely to the talking points and missing altogether Bush is remarkable plan that the military necessity trumps humane treatment That assertion over the president signature provided the gaping loophole through which defense secretary rumscold and c i director George tinnon drove the mac truck of officially sanctioned torture Using the arguments induced by the Anakin Gonzalez by v team bush is 2002 memo made the point that the bedrock provision of Geneva Common article three does not apply to well-kind or Taliban detainees but that the US would continue to treat detainees humanely and to the extent Appropriate and consistent with military necessity in a matter consistent with the principles of Geneva Sounding very much like mafia lawyers the president's legal trekkow felt a necessary to warn him that playing fast and loose with the US war crimes I could conceivably come back to hot in the bizarre Passage the follows is the best they could offer in terms of reassurance It is difficult to predict the motives of prosecutors and independent counsels who may in the future Decided to pursue on warranted charges based on section 2441 you're determination would create a reasonable basis in law The section 2441 does not apply which would provide a solid defense to many future prosecution While the imaginative lowering of adding to now-chinese chief of staff Gonzalez now the attorney general and Bibi now a federal judge may have qualified for a presidential head of a job at the time Bush is learning the hard way that while sick of fans are fun to have around they can do a president in Between the lines of Bush's rhetoric yesterday lies belated acknowledgement that is the sin to Condon the torture of Al Qada and Taliban campus is not coming back to hot in big time These Supreme Court decision on hot mom versus rum film amounts June 29th of this year stripped the present of the magic suit of clothing Approved by his courtiers when a father military tribunals invented by the chandy rum spill tomorrow to try terrorists a legal The court rejected the Artificent of Unitary Executive Power used by the Bush administration to justify practices like torture and Definitive detention without judicial process and moreless evening dropping in other words The Supreme Court of the US reaffirmed that our should be a government of laws Nothing could preside device president or president and in condoning torture. They are outlaws The president's performance yesterday reflects the ten hundred added that the best defense is an aggressive offense and Especially with the mere two months before the midterm elections Bush devoted fully half of the speech to cops and robbers examples None of them persuasive of how tough interrogation techniques have yielded information that prevented all man or catastrophe Somebody in the White House apparently forgot to tell the army for the head of army intelligence with energy and Rojohn Kimons Saying from a very different scripted depending on briefing yesterday as he explained why the new army manual for interrogation is in Syncujiniva Conceiting past transgressions of mistakes Kimon said no good intelligence is going to come from abusive practices I think history tells us that I think the empirical empirical evidence of last five years hard years Tell this that he said grabbing the headlines today is the fact that Bush is admitted that the CIA has taken high value Captives to prisons abroad for interrogation using tough techniques more telling is the fact that CIA interrogators And I find by the strictures of the new army field manual and if the presence determine the maintain and place detention centers or CIA interrogators can play their trade at his request the president brings about how his government changes his policies giving intelligence Personnel the tools they need to fight terrorists and make secure that the CIA was given permission to use an alternative set of procedures He said he couldn't describe the specific methods used, but I can say the procedures were tough. He said the alumni of this school of hard knocks are now on their way to gun Go on, animal the Bush made it clear that he wanted to keep his rules open for incoming students acknowledging that other terrorists are waiting in line to take the place of captured letters Leaders the president made it clear that he wants the CIA program for interrogating advanced placement terrorist to continue Bush considered that after the humdown decision Some believe that intelligence personnel could not be a risk of person prosecution under the war crimes act Simply for doing their jobs in a thorough and professional way he said So he's asking Congress to manage legislation squaring the circle that even by using alternative procedures CIA personnel can set up being compliance with common article three of Geneva The not so hidden threat of course is that the virtual certainly any member of Congress opposing this kind of alleged Amane will be branded soft on terrorism in the weeks leading up to the number of election in a bizarre twist Director-acted major in his legislation which a president said ought to be the top priority over the next several weeks But hold Bush himself harmless at least under the US criminal statute as well as the intelligence practitioners of alternative procedures And so the stage is said There's one more bush speech to go to this general theme. It's a safe at the next one will present an equally impassioned defense of warless Eavesdropping on Americans granted unconstitutional and illegal by judge and a day's tailoring Detroit because it violates the fourth amendment and the foreign intelligence surveillance act Senator Arlin's specter who initially called that activity extra league was now come full circle and Refugees say snow but hold harmless to president and others involved in that program and again retroactively It's hard to tell what broad specter 180 degrees around not to be ruled out as the kind of alternative procedure employed so successfully by former FBI director Gave your Hoover who was the inadvertent catalyst for the Fisola if there's no one to hold our leaders to account the boy is there no one to hold our leaders to account The Bush crimes commissioned grassroots citizens initiative determined not to follow the example of the obedient passive Germans of the 1930s They take in testimony on torture and other key issues to establish whether president pushes guilty of war crimes testimony was taken not to a board last year in January of this year and Diplons have been brought and served on the White House and the judges will issue their verdict on September 13 in Washington That's like a week from today yesterday next Wednesday, okay? So like Hillary would say stay tuned God Something slimy and sinister In business class. Yeah, yeah, we know something evil and venomous Oh, right we know something so terrifying Yeah, we get it. They too No, it's John for car on a plane. Yes, I did it. It was an accident dirt-a more champagne please You know, it's how we don't hear a word about that food cake no mal What did you finally problem because we had the the crore of the cracking guy Cranking your cry. Oh, I think this may all right and then of course we got Katie Kureka You know all the stuff is the big event. Do you are Banged in recorded more than 1500 violent deaths in the month of August, but who's counting quarterly final figures Released by the health ministry this week nearly three times the preliminary figure the seministry released last week But what's a thousand dead people among friends right? Yeah, who's got like a figure is a sharp contradiction We were sitting a rakey claims that he security cracked down led to a steep drop in deaths in the capital guess what Another lie instead the number of deaths in the capital law. This was roughly the same as the range you lie before the West Light Security crackdown began they helped ministry officials be saying they could provide no explanation for the discrepancy Well, maybe the same people that were running those polls in Connecticut were doing the body count Maybe they were finding out from the cans in the dogs They could provide no explanation for the discrepancy, but it could result in part from a late August surge in deaths more than 250 people were killed in bag dead in the final week of August The script is also highlights the fact that after more than three years of war Iraqi officials still have no reliable system for counting casualties leaving death tolls uncertain and Vering sharply with no explanation even within one ministry The late August surge in violence and bag that clearly played some role more broadly However, accurate figures in difficult to obtain a country where government institutions barely function Per phone lines and shortages of train staff and computers can result in delays in entering death reports in a ministry database Which means the preliminary count may have lagged sharply Last month US military spokesman Major General William Coldwell said the murder rate in Baghdad felt by 46% from July to August Iraqi National Security Advisor Muafak al-Rubai and since his last unit executions to outlets and sectarian vr. had dropped by 45% last six weeks You better kiss your bladestearn that I said it that way however the 1336 violent deaths in Baghdad is about the same as the 1500 reported in July for Baghdad Accurate figures in number of people have died since your back conflict began in March 2003 have long been difficult to obtain the health ministry which tally civilian deaths relies on reports from government hospitals and mortals Well, maybe they got something that bodies are still warm for those kids and Wisconsin way of think Once they get out of the stammer they can go to the cemetery and Siamor 900 to 70 Who knows we got oh yeah, we may may have had thousand by the top of the R by one o'clock little hint at the beginning and then Joe Bell's gonna come in and read the weekly readers Now, that's what's that kind of dude with the ball game the real pre game show in a real post game show Sandwich with a Marlins and they're like they're small potatoes I guarantee that Marlins are gonna wind up with a much more successful season in the dolphins I bet you the color says life on that. I don't think so Josh I don't know I'm not sure I'm not sure talking in terms of you know How can you compare 162 games with 16's like 10 times the number of games? But I'm just talking about in terms of the way it will be viewed. Oh, yeah definitely, you know I mean they got me the Marlins were 20 games under they were on there was talk early in the season They were gonna break the record lose a hundred and twenty some games. Yeah, I mean they played 22 rookies this year Right including this kid that nobody ever heard of before to pitch the no hitter last night He's got kind of a strange name though. What is his name Annabel Annabel What what kind of a am I right? Hey, oh, you're right. Hey, but he could he could pitch the ball he can bring it Annabel sees George is laughing whose name is Annabel Like I got to see doesn't print the hero took it out here it is Oh come on get with it. They give you like a little tease. I want to hold a story here, man Marlins rookie Annabel Sanchez pitches no hitter. Hey Annabel In fact if you remember the movie play Misty for me. Yeah. Remember what her name was no I just told you at a bell Right Jessica Walbert don't you remember that I do now she was down in Mills room mate Unbeknownst to Clint who couldn't talk then and he still can't all right. Yeah Husky voice Is that what makes him so much of the fact that he can't see you well you have a bad memory Remember when he was young in the black white days he had a good chisel face Yeah, he did not have the a tough man I understand I know that But he can't speak Who that was that Dorothy more Misty blue that's as close as I can get I got Misty by race Stevens You don't have play play miss that you have Misty by Earl Garner no come on man Well give me a bit that's what he was playing for Annabel I understand I'll have to find don't you remember he went to the Bible he looked up that chapter It's in Annabel was it something like that and he raised home and what's the name down her Mills was all tied up And she had the she had the duct tape around her mom. They were waiting for the terrorist attack And we still go all the way like take it in the butcher knife and carved up that painting and a hold it. Oh, yeah, that's a good movie It's a matter of fact. I think that's the only Clint Eastwood movie that I really enjoyed and cuz that's cuz he wasn't playing dirty Harry He wasn't playing some tough fuck cowboy. Yeah, some play some silly. Yes Like the Harry's yeah, they were funny. Oh good authors claim rove lobby to get Abraham off and gay-stet dad chapters. He moved from the book gay The authors of a new book right now. So you're gonna want to get both these books today Jesus Well, at least I got and you know something it just dawned on me I've had my last four day weekend for a while. Yeah See that was one of them. See it's not just working only on Tuesday and Thursday during those three summer months But it's the fact that after the Thursday show you got a four day weekend look for a two air least think and week You have any idea how supreme that is Uh-huh man and now after they only got a stinkin three day weekend tomorrow Saturday and said it what kind of a weekend is that? sucks Jesus Christ What's that kind of a mystery oh nothing it's just a See how many fucking singers in it right? Oh happy day. Yeah, oh I wouldn't have would think of anything to say I'm not bad Oh yeah You should have loved working three days a week during these summer months. I heard you did a fabulous job Yeah, how about job Josh? I hell of a job. Yeah. Well, what are you saying? It calls weren't great No, I'm just saying it's brutal Oh, my fault is that Josh's fault as you know it's really a good call watch Q. I am Are you doing pretty good, pal? What you got? I got my solicitors on email Tarnches man. It's the comment and about Annabelle. Oh, I can't have a you know without me Annable okay, thanks. By the way, we had to do the break Club Badge I was fromoni old Smith Hey You know In a Spanish style that no one can translate through I call in radio and don't use to change the word my way but I say in In the Cuban baby talk baby talks words I'm using in my seat interactive for day On the fundamental expressway the car is not good so I use myself for doing all my favorite things With a show and I say I'm a 40 year old man you may find that I believe my broken English is so bad I sound like a baby I'm just saying I make the man that you are really good and understand my human baby talk I'm using in a Cuban I didn't know Frankie Lyman was Cuban did you know that sounded just like that part from what a fool is falling off I said. You have an airplane, I mean you don't that talk in a football team you don't know the If you're reading that stupid you don't have to kill for record on earth. You're just tragic. It just takes the tonal arm of the anti-tavory sticks it on a record. You know, I had never seen a radio movie where they got it right. Well, why is that? I don't know. Of course now there are no records to kill up anymore. No, no matter what. No matter what it was. I take that back. If you go to our club, there's records to kill up. This is a man. TURPS FRIPTED CHILDREN if they're scratching it. They're whipping it. Well, keep that going. It's matter if I didn't get an 80-year-of-we could play your guard or a misty in the background. Or if you had a Johnny McRissinger in Johnny McRissinger. You have a complete amass! Sorry. Thought I'd scratch it. I'd need to scratch it. The authors of the new book tend to crawl world-loving to get championed. Just look like a lover. I'll tell you the records by the way, your old guard. The old guard at trio. I'm so excuse me. The good checkers who will wish it led to the president of Bush's team political adviser house, street corner meetings with the following super lobbyist Jack Abramov. Knowing that all visits to the wall and the White House were logged in. And the step that was gay. Oh, no. Listen, I don't care whether it's on a bell or an a bell. What kind of an name is that? It's a name you're son an a bell. Huh? Yeah, by the way, I just didn't throw the spanglish on it like that collar. No, no, but it doesn't make any difference. It doesn't. It doesn't. It's a gaden's status, too. Right. No, no matter how you, what kind of ostental you put on it. The fact that a matter is that it still means an a bell. No, guy name an a bell. This guy's name Lori. You know, like LRI. Right. Me a turkey of her. Well, what are the women's name? This guy's name Sandy Kim. Right. Yeah. Terry. Kate. Kim. Not Tim. Tim. Tim. Terry. Pai. Padoon. Yeah. Jan. Barry. What's his name that just died, Jan Murray? Leslie. Nielsen. Right. And. A lot of them have come up with more. There's a guy in the van. We're missing. What about now? How about Chris? Chris can be sure for Chris. Sure. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. Larry. Don't you remember he broke his leg or something? He's in a hospital like me. Yeah, and he can in the bed, man. Oh man. Although I'd tell you one thing he couldn't hold a candle of instant patent. And what's that movie you told me with him in the Blair. Hell night. Tell me right then. He could have go get that. He gets naked and she doesn't suck at all. I mean this he ever. He was a kind of like a medium-care professional sentenced player. Vince Patent and of course, his daddy was Dick VanPatt and who said eight is another. Emily James was on that show. See all this? first time ever laid eyes on Vincent, and Pat was on a show called Apples Away. You know, was on that show Ronnie Yacax. Okay, a voice. But I can't stand him. Although, in fact, even if it weren't for the fact the nature of the movie, I couldn't have stood him in deliverance either. Although he got his in name. Yeah, they all did. No, they did not all get there. They didn't. They didn't know they were still alive. And Bert Reynolds was still around tasting the dumb bellies in the woods. And of course, what's his name? John Voight. Something kind of, I don't know, a little, I'm an example of a character, or something a little bit off about him. You know what I mean? That's what Angelina said. You know, said he's in love. On Saturday, roster I reported that they booked the architect, Caurova, and a master plan for absolute power and by Austin based journalist James Moore, and seen you down this morning, Mr. Look or before to Wayne Slater, which I told you about, I'm Tuesday, would reveal at Roast Stepfather, Lewis Roe, that corn sure is special, Lewis. Cool. The horses mother lived the rest of his their life as an openly, get a man. Slater tells us that Roeful obtained an early galley of the crown book. At an intermediate era, press the author, at intermediate era, press the authors to leave out the section about his father, court of the daily dish gossip page, and yesterday's New York Daily News, we told him we have a couple of sources on that so that he told the paper, we have an early 18th since. The author also claims that Roe of himself called, every day, one day, he called six times, to lobby against the chapter about his connection with the indicted lobbyist Jack Abrough, excerpts from the article. The book quotes Mark Schwartz an operative for Texas Tigua Indian Travis. When this thing is seen, where Roe walked up the Abramass Limel, a few blocks from the White House, Schwartz is the labor officer's claim that Roe of Arrange the sidewalk powwow to avoid entering a visitor phone calls in White House logs and besides he's a fat F and can use the exercise. Rimes with smuck. Schwartz claims Roe of an listed Abramaw to get the firemen tombed away to clamp down on the house member who was not cooperating on a piece of legislation. Parallel is very upset, says Slater. He says that meeting was an accidental encounter. That's a bunch of junk. Excellent, my ass. I think like that. Candice in theings on street corners. Kind of like when Donald Sutherland was sitting on that park bench with Kevin Costa in JFK. Remember that? Yes, I do. We got a thousand five-bos. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Lawyers. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, music. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay, yeah, let's play a whiskey again by Roe of Arrangement. Well, this is it. That'd be a good no assign. Probably a good movie by the way. If you bored this weekend, I'll you folks on it. Now tell me what the purpose of the day. You know, it would all write to have like five seconds of it. There's not nothing I like jazz anyway. But I mean, you know, it was a 50-ish club or whatever. And there was a lot of smoke being young. Like another guy. She's singing then. And they kept, in fact, there was one and the beginning. Remember the beginning? Mm-hmm. The beginning is actually like the end. Right. And then they flash back. But the beginning, he's making a farewell with Reston. He's ripping television and what does it become? And then they go away from that and the screen goes black. And then we go to the jazz singer. She's singing again. It must have wasted five minutes out of that movie. Would that stupid ass jazz crap? They always do that. Well, why? Fill it. Fill it? Yeah. Well, I mean, I'll be honest with you. She was one of the most animated people in that film. That was so slow. And so I'm telling George Clooney's the anti-Christ. Anybody out there who liked Good Night and Good Luck? And or and or a Siri Anna? Good luck to you is right. You'll need it. I don't have time for this now. See, I have to like, oh, here I have time for this though. A furious Bill Clinton is warning ABC that it's many series of paths. And I'm loving grossly misrepresentances for a suit of Osama bin Laden. And he's demanding that work pulled the drama changes aren't made. Tent importantly, we've viewed it several fictionalized scenes that he claims in a sitting way that he was too distracted by the monocholomansky sex scandal. The care about bin Laden, the top advisor pulled a plug on CIA operatives who were just moments away from begging the terror master according to a letter to ABC boss Bob Igre of Tainbadi, New York Post. The former person also disputed the portrayal of then secretary of state madeline Albright is having tipped off Pakistani officials of the strike was coming giving bin Laden a chance to flee. The content of his drama is factually and inconvirtably inaccurate and ABC has literally the fully correct errors or pulled the drama entirely before page letter said, the movie is set to air on Sunday and Monday nights, Monday of course being 9.11. The fifth anniversary. The letter written by Bruce Lindsay, head of the Clinton Foundation in Douglas Bond, a top lawyer in Clinton's office accuses the ABC drama of bias and in fact this is rewriting a history that will be misinterpreted by millions of Americans and of course one of the people that put this crap together we had to surround a couple of days ago is a right wing of Republican but of course ABC does much and know that. Now, they'll show it right before you in order to show everything is going to hell in a hand-bass story or two months before the election all the propaganda all the time. I think they made them an offer they couldn't refuse and that's what generally seems to be happening. And they have a vote on the poll, baby, and it's not even time for the pre-game festivities the tillgate party. So that was just joking about having a long tillgate party on. No, I can understand that on a weekend when we have no programming anyway but on a week day because the dolphins are playing that on a Thursday the season opener is on a Thursday night so we're having like in the middle of the day the real pregame show now who's going to be on that show is mad dog and hank going to be on that I hope yeah mad dog oh, well why does it say that on a schedule parents you any you quiz like you fair Jesus God because I've been you know reading that thing this week and thinking that they weren't even going to be on the day and I'm for what a what a snack any ass that is man with a towel. 1,310 votes what's you take on Katie Kirk's debut was CBS news anchor it's a it's that's a slap in the ass and in the face with a without the black eye Katie don't watch network news three oh four probably a good choice just get you aggravated havens scenery at 257 by the way Charlie Gibson still shaken his head around I can't watch him makes no difference 119 our real lightweight 93 okay 91 awful 61 should be 600 saying awful I hate this poor 31 too bad what's with the black eye and how many people said that by 30 and great only 27 I guarantee 26 of them are women the biggest day of the best talent for the business we all rockers you first video 560 you a damn not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon there's something terrifying if you're not bow-conquerable are valid uh09 floor Power Man is on this motherf... Blaze! Oh, man, since you're camping again, we're afraid we'll be to make an emergency landing Tony contained in the sprawled arm of the nose of the evidence. These are terrible signs and surveys and spend extra 6 stars once they're out of breath. I'm coming at that! I'm running! Oh no! Don't play that motherf... FOOL! Well there are no Ramones I'll tell you that on that plane. No? I didn't tell you there were ones when I'm over. Yes, I did. You guys are out of breath. I'll tell you that. What about it? Haven't seen you yet? No. Am I going to have to send that to you too? Is that a cable? Uh, on mine. Yeah, that's a great idea. When you guys saw that. I don't know. You think we'll go on to the store and buy that? Why not? Why not? I've bought it. I've never read the book I didn't know. I've never read the movies. It's a true store and it's very good. I'm going to go on and get a helmet. All right. I'll have that held right now. They're going to have that in high death. Oh, man. A case of history of abuse, right? See, I got all the time to find out about that Vince Van Padden movie. A case of history of abuse, Bush, Romustall and Fascism. Dumbersden Vermont. Now is there really such a place called Dumbersden. This is written by Randolph Holhard, by the way, on a smurcling Timp. The Bush administration picked last week's 88th annual American Legionational Convention in Salt Lake City to roll out its new propaganda theme. This nation is fighting against Islamic fascism and critics of the so-called War Antwerah are our apesers. The French Secretary Donald Romustall compared those who opposed this nation's ongoing debacle and Iraq, to those who didn't take it off Hitler seriously in the 1930s. It was the time on a certain amount of cynicism and moral confusion, a monwestian democracies. When those who warned about a coming crisis derives of fascism and Nazism, or ridicule of ignoring the Romusfeld of the 30s, and deep in the decades before WWW II, a great many argue that the fascist threat was exaggerated, or that it was somebody else's problem. Our recap to this history, Romusfeld, said, because once again we face the same kind of challenges and efforts to confront the rising threat of a new type of fascism. President Bush followed Romusfeld by stating that the war we fight today is more than a military conflict. It's the decisive ideological struggle of the 21st century, and that the security of the civilized world depends on victory and the war on terror, and that depends on victory and Iraq. All in by the way he said that the world now faces a grave threat from the radical regime in Iran, and that it's time for Iran to make a choice. Any similarities between those words and the words directed at the Sotomayor and Iraq, in the fall of 2002 purely coincidental, right? Let us leave aside now for now the absurdity of Romusfeld and Bush, conflating Osama of Ilan and Al-Qaeda and the war on terror with Hitler Nazi Germany and WWII, instead let us look at Bush and Romusfeld's interpretation of history, and the Bush administration attempted directly from a derolled cry of appeasements into the days' quidics of the US invasion and occupation of Iraq. In 1930s when Hitler and Mussolini rose to power was the Republican Party who pushed for appeasement. While Franklin Roosevelt and his fellow internationalist in the Democratic Party sounded the first alarms about fascism, conservative Republican leaders like Robert Tatten, Arthur Vandenberg, may tame their isolationism right up until the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor December 7, 1941. After the Munich pact in September 1938, where France and Britain handed over Czechoslovakia to Nazi Germany, it was Roosevelt who pushed for an arms embargo against Germany and Japan over the objections of the isolationists. It was Roosevelt who pushed for an increased aid to Britain after WWII began and who had to fight the isolationists who opposed it. The people, mostly liberals who did speak of against fascism before Pearl Harbor and in the case of those who went to Spain to fight fascism in the Spanish Civil War of 1939, were smear to communist black conservatives. In 1940 and 41, when was growing clear that the US was eventually going to fight the fascist, 80% of American still opposed any declaration of war, many supported the America First Committee and isolationist groups that opposed the American involvement in the war. Even the American Legion itself formed after WWII never spoke up against fascism until the US entered WWII. It even offered mostly the unantibary membership. The Legion sided with the major corporations and industrialists which ended the fascist cause up to an in some cases, while after Pearl Harbor. Henry Ford supported Hitler relentlessly's money from the early 1920s until the start of the war. House of Morgan put in Mussolini 100 million to keep his government from going bankrupt. Many other American bankers including Prescott Bush, grandfather of George W. Len Len Len to the Nazis. The first newspaper published comes by Joseph Gerbl's and other Nazi luminaries and many major newspapers and magazines while Hitler and Mussolini write up to Pearl Harbor. Standard oil, S. O. then, S. O. and S. O. and S. O. and S. O. and S. O. both sold gasoline and other petroleum products to Francisco Franco's Army in Spain and to the German anti-immiglatory forces up to an actor Pearl Harbor. S. O. was a member of the same industrial cartel as LG Farbin and shared patents with the Germans from a King High-Octane Aviation Foul Fuel and synthetic rubber. O. the US corporations which were members of Nazi cartels included Al-Koa, General Electric, General Motors and DuPont. TM's Opal subsidiary and Germany built the plans and tanks for the Pangeuvres and all the biology and brightening seals at home about building equipment for the US military. Print and Whitney, Curtis Wright and Douglas Aircraft also had parts to Hitler aircraft Curtis Wright salesman demonstrated the event secret technique of dive-homing to the Germans in order to sell them planes. The histories of the Good War tend to gloss over this stuff at all the corporate investment on the Nazi side was documented by the late Muckraking Journalist George Seldes in his 1943 book, Facts and Fascism. The myth persisted in the minds of today's Conservatives that they'd bravely stood up to fascism in World War II while liberals coward in fear. They always sought out the Munich pack and cry of peacemen whenever they needed to win an election, even though the forefathers of today's Conservatives were the appeasers. And just as corporate America and their Conservative political allies, aided fascism in the 30s, they did the same in Iraq in the 80s and again in the 90s. Remember that 12,000 paid report that Iraq presented to the UN in December 2002 that outlined its alleged stockpiles of nuclear chemical and biological weapons? The report that the Bush administration found so embarrassing that an 8,000 pages before presented the report to the 10 non-permit members of the UN Security Council? What was the Bush administration tried to hide? The list of U.S. companies that helped to arm Iraq, a 2002 report by the German newspaper deed, something of it. The list of 24 major U.S. companies named in the Iraq report that illegally aided that nations nuclear chemical and biological weapons programs in the 80s. Some of the familiar names on the list included Hewlett Packard, Honeywell, DuPont, Rockwell, Eastman Kodak, Becktail on UNI. In addition to German paper reported that the U.S. government itself offered plenty of assistance to some of the U.S. weapons program. The Department of Energy Defense Commerce and Agriculture all covertly assisted Iraq's weapons program in the 80s. When Iraq used chemical weapons during its 80s, 80s, 80s, and war with Iran, the U.S. looked the other way because U.S. was hoping Iraq would destroy Iran or even better, both sides would destroy each other. Even the Livermore law said that the law's al-Al-Al-Muslim said the nuclear weapons laboratories pitched in training by training Iraqi nuclear scientists and giving them non-fist salmaterial for construction of a nuclear bomb. The history was forgotten in the Persian Gulf of 1991, and it was forgotten in the long run up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Many of the people had talked up the dangers of sentiment Iraq posed to the world had profited from building up his arsenal, and so the circle stays unbroken. Aided by an A-Historal nation that is constantly getting fooled by its leaders, that's why conservatives accused the Democrats of treason during the McCarthy area, and were that's why conservatives still bend the Democrats for losing the war in Vietnam, even though 21,000 American deaths came home during the Nixon administration, and that's why the Bush administration is attacking the people honestly believe that what's happening in Iraq is an omitted disaster for our nation, just like my reading of this story. I did the Bush that I can. Great, under difficult circumstances. The long, ponderous story, man, it's good stuff. All those Nazi sympathizers, including of course, Prescott Bush. Just like Mel Gibson said, the apples don't far from your aim, this is nobody said. It's up with that. 541 votes on the poll. We got 577 members on our thing there, myspace.com page, not bad. That's a good thing. It was beautiful. Never looked better chicken neck. I don't. You got him straight now, by the way. Yes, we did. Good. His ass straightened out man. He is so wow. I'll also I should see I put this in my pile of order. That's bad. Out of order. Just like Al Pacino said, this whole court, the whole system is out of F.A. and that way he said. That's right. Yes. Out of order. Out of order. Yeah. I don't know what to do. The ranking member of the House Rules Committee, New York Democratic Congressman Louise M. Slutter. I wonder if she's kind of old, enous to Slower. Oh boy, I forgot about her. I forgot about her. I don't know if the accuses. His nickname used to be enous to, yeah, the most. The least, we slaughtered Colby, ABC to run the streamers during this upcoming two-night broadcast of the documentary drama. The path to 911, which many liberal bloggers have preemptively criticized for inaccurately blaming President Clinton and praising President Bush for everything related to the tragic events of 911. ABC has a responsibility to make clear that this film is not a documentary. It does not represent an official account of the facts surrounding the 911 attack she sent a statement released on her House Member website on Tuesday. This claim is noting that the path to 911 is a document drama should be shown throughout its airing sheets continued. We have yet to establish the impartiality and accuracy of the people behind this film and the claims and advances in the American people need to know that. Earlier Tuesday, the Daily variety reported that ABC would be hearing the many scenes without ads. We spent $30 million on this when putting an out without commercials at this point. ABC Entertainment presents the MacPherson, how important we think this is speaks for itself. slaughter also questioned the timing of the broadcast, which comes six weeks before the midterm elections. But what is far more important is the timing of this movie. She said the anniversary of the attack is an emotional time and it's wrong for anyone to play on those emotions and use them to advance a political agenda. The New York Congresswoman also takes the same as some of the recent rhetoric issued by the Bush administration and the Republican Party on Iraq, the War and Terror in general. We've been told we're going to fight against the new kind of fascism and that the individuals who questioned our current path and Iraq are morally equivalent to not see a piece of news that would justify slavery. She said, such claims are more than just morally reprehensible and deeply irresponsible. If you said, they're also damaging to our country, making it difficult if not impossible to have a serious nonpartisan discussion about how to press protect the country. You've got all the ways. I wonder if Enes slaughtered. He's dead. I'm sure. Enes. I remember the weeness. Don't say it. No. Don't say it. I would never. I'm sure that most of these people haven't seen you. Because you've got, yeah, 55%. Between those who don't watch the network news anyway and haven't seen her ugly, you've put sunridden, 55.1%. A real lightweight, why I take it off is an understanding. It's just terrible. And I don't care about her one way or the other. You know about her politics or about anything. More power to or their 15 million bucks, I hope you enjoyed. She's a sorry old and talk about over. First of all, I never watch and those morning shows. Right. So good morning to be heard. Enough nonsense. It's just a bunch of fluff pieces. Okay, a bunch of silly people on there. Like the weather guy and we see used to be big and fat, all of whatever his name is, roker. And now in Spanish used to be in still obnoxious. And of course, skin had not lower. Talk about people are overrated. What is the sentence with Kenny Kurek and Matt Lauer? Or was the big deal right now? He said the fact you were on television. Any other? Light weights, man. These people are journalists. They're not news people. My God, once upon a time. In fact, they're about the only good thing in that movie is the old clips that they show on. The actual clips, the McCarthy Army McCarthy. Right. Yeah, that was it. And then you see Charles Colling would then some of the other, what was his name? Dan, I can't remember the name. You'll see the news people. Whatever his name was. Dan Stewart. Dan Stewart. That's the one. All we're fine. But you know, that was in there. But other than that, I mean, to take about maybe two minutes out of that whole minute, hour and forty five minutes. Yeah. And say that made it worthwhile. Don't waste your time on the OK. Good night and good luck. It sucks. George Clooney. And you suck George. I mean, Clooney. Oh, thank you. Once 13 at five, 60 WDQM hates not always easy for students setting off the colors. They have to get used to a new environment and new sleep habits and new sleep partners. But a new mattress can really help out. The elementary service airway major campus on these ghosts for Miami to Boston. God can you mention all those colors. Because up there in Boston, doing their thing on a dialometrist? No. I can. I'm thinking about it right now. The mattress has for students specials in your area. If factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during those so-called big sales. And dialometrist offers you a 12 month financing deal, too. You know, there can be a lot of restless nights being away from home for the first time, tossing and turning and puking and turning. So make it a little bit easier and more comfortable with a great new mattress for your students son or daughter. Call 1-800 mattress. You'll get low prices on the best brands. Seely, sir, the King Kruo Simmons temperament experience in Foster. I've used them for years and believe you. Many I know why dialometrist has always been a continued to be, right? Number one in the world in customer satisfaction. Nobody can beat him with a stick. So when the old mattress is had to just pick up the phone, make that one easy call. They'll be knocking on new door whenever it's convenient for you. dialometrist called 1-800 mattress, MATTRES or on the working web, it's mattress.com. You know, these names are the best talent. This is the old Roger S. Force Radio 560, UK, man. Through them, the when I jumped on Oprah's couch and told MATTRES he was glimpsed and every one called me was their turn. Well, the folks who fell in love thought I was getting worse and worse and fired me because I'm completely out of my mind. And they're missing me, go away. Ha ha, they told me to take a hike. Oh, hold me tight. Ha ha, to my old studio, we're out with two of these better minds. Make arrangements to envision him for us or before. And try them, take them set up. If you're making me go away. Ha ha, to my old studio, we're Syrian, take them star and raise them thunder too. And top them two and got down too. A Jerry was a kid. One 18 at five, 60, every few way. And we also had that promo that they just played the rejoin with the morning show. Yeah, from tomorrow. And you know what they were talking about? Sports? That this, I don't know how many times I've heard that this morning. Not turning there. I'm sure that I'm sure that Kenny is talking about this side stuff besides. Yeah, positive. Aren't you? I don't know. And it's capable of talking about stuff besides. When he was on while 100, I guarantee he did not do a show. Right? Are you sure? I'm pretty sure. That's what I heard. Man, just, it's just nauseating. The way that Joe Bell is just handed the keys to the kingdom over to a little child and his boyfriend's there. Here you go, Clarence. Have a good time. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Oh, what a bottle of raw meat. He should have been in that movie that pirates movie would Johnny Debt. Our. Yeah. Now, does he have like a patch over what I Joe Bell? Oh, he has patch. Yeah, I heard in a sense they operation it's over. But that's beside the point. Here's the latest poll. He's a Julia and Clinton favorites for the 2008 nominations. Maybe maybe she'll just go ahead and drop off like the rumors we had the other day. We're getting all like these. What? We're getting lightheaded at the thought of that. What? He's running here. She's got two chances I would say to get elected. Oh, none and much much less. They all know it. Yeah. Oh, the Republicans are just rubbing their hand like together. Why should grasshopper? They did, they won. Hillary, bad. I mean, the Democrats are a have great expertise in it. It was Michael Ducacca and Walter Mondale. And as much as I like him, they're very weak George McGuvern. You know, I had a try and dance. Democrats are famous for running an al-Gorbe before he'd bootstuck. You know, right? Right. I mean, he would have bootstuck when he was running for prison. He would have won by so much they couldn't have a fixedy election. How dare they? Right. Drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein. Culture, culture. You know, now, in quick to looting the environment, by the way, with your wife. Republican, state or former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani. Now, what about, uh, what was the, uh, Bernie Kerrich? Remember Bernie Kerr? What about him? Huh, we have bits about him. Yeah. Using that, uh, love nest there across the world transit, whatever that? Mm-hmm. They scandal he had to like step away. And of course he was real real tight with Rudy Giuliani. And they said that was going to be the news that they would hang around his neck. Not, not to mention, of course, his messy divorce. The fact that he's another Philanderer. Republicans favor former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani for the GOP presidential nomination in 2008. While Democrats are looking for a senator, Hillary Swillery Rodham Clinton, New York, according to a new CNN poll released today. Wow. 31% of the foreign didn't 32 poll respondents who identified themselves as Republicans. Chose Giuliani from a list of potential nominees according to the survey connected by opinion research court. They call for it in 32 people and 17 every 85 cats and dogs. The next closest choices were Senator John McKinney, Arizona with 20% so Giuliani at 31 in McKinney, 20. Of course, it'll be 98 years old by the time of election gets here. And his cheek to keep, that puffed up tip gets keeps getting big. It's guys I like for no fear of cheek. The more he lies and keeps kissing bushes ass now and laughing about the war, the more he does that, the bigger his cheek gets. You know, I was talking about the one on his face. I told him that one. And former House Speaker, New Gingrich, with 12% Wow. No, it's Gingrich. Man, please. You know, Senator, that would be elected Republicans running cats and heres for the Senate and Florida. Oh, please. Please, Ron Newly, man. No other Republican broke out of single digits. 14% of respondents said they were unsure about their choice. Among the 517 and said they were Democrats, 37% show a swivel rate. 20% favored Al Gore. John Kerry, a massive two assistant, is running made former Senator John Edwards and North Carolina. Each had 11%. All the other Democrats feel a 3% or less. 8% said they're unsure. As if they would only vote for a candidate who opposed the rack where it's in section in 2003. 56% of Democrats had no one 41% said yes. Well, I guess that leaves Hillary out. Huh? Yeah. See, I don't know. The 56% said they wouldn't be able for candidate at their full crash. Delva for whoever's running against the Republican, right? They're all this crap. Although that tremendous 10% turned out and browned into case people are ready. I know it rained some, you know. It gets them on soon. Isn't that always the excuse for everything like when you checked doesn't show up? Oh, there was a big monsoon, you know. Right. In Florida, that's every day. Yeah. From like, maybe November. This is just, I got the Marine dog come. I want to read now also the thing about Ron Goldman wants the O.J. Pelosi rights. Afghanistan, high on opium, not democracy, Robert Sheer. I got a lot of good stuff here. I got a huge pile. Let's dance on the midnight. Let's preempt the whole damn real pregame show. Let's do the fake pregame show. Yeah. That's do the unreal pregame show. Okay. And we can also do the unreal postgame show. See, this is to try to con the audience and believe in that since we don't have the broadcast, we don't want to pay five million a year to broadcast the dolphin gives. Therefore, we have the real pregame show and the real postgame here as opposed to the Fakers across the street who couldn't be able to find their audience in the phone booth with a surge party. Am I right? Yeah. They're unreal. The counterfeit pregame show. Just look at our show. It is real. See, that's to try to hook the Jewish voters. You know, is real. By the way, Israel began the, uh, to end the enabled blockade in Lisbon on and the first commercial flight landed in the Big Routher port today. Oh, I have a chair. And, uh, his ball eyes are going to put me. I right now, I'm clear to this today. I put in our website about how they're going to put, uh, let, let us put on back together faster than the U.S. is putting Katrina back together. Well, that's what that is. That ain't saying much. Well, it's only a year later for Katrina and all those forced slippers down there. Man, everything is still chaos and, uh, nightmare. Not much going on. But anyway, this story just, it's so typical. I just get, you know, the sole survivor of that plane crash that killed 49 people under Lexington last week because the, uh, the one, uh, traffic control was busy playing solace here. Whatever he was doing. Full family members from his hospital bed. Why did God do this to me? But he hasn't mentioned the crash or closed family friends said yesterday. Oh, James Paul Hinky of Margay. Did you see this? No. Who was the fight's copilot can only move his head and tears off him while up in his eyes and Antonio Cruz. Paul Hinky's mother's boyfriend. He said the 44 year old at all again consciousness on Tuesday. He hasn't mentioned the crash and doctors have encouraged family members not asking about a cruise to the N.P. According to federal investigators, he was controlling com air flight 51 91. When it took, when the regional jet took off from a two-shirt runaway, Lexington's bluegrass airport crash and caught fire in the field, he was pulled a safety from the broken cockpit, but everyone else had brought a plane died in the crash and fire. He was pulled to safety by one of the dead people at sea. I don't know when one of the dogs and cats that around those poles. I don't know. Paul Hinky is now off of ventilator, but could be hospitalized for several more weeks with facial and spine fractures. A broken leg foot in the hands, he broken ribs, a broken breastbone, a collapsed lung. Other than that, he's doing great. He asked various family members who said, and his question, his relationship with God. Oh my God. Oh God. One of the first four sentences he said after beginning consciousness was, why did God do this to me? Who said, who said, Paul Hinky's mother, honey Jackson told him, it wasn't God, it was just an accident. See, why did God kill the other 49 people? That's what I would be asking. Right? Well, how come he's the one that's still alive? I mean, granted God, you know, I'm bad shape. He's off the source. He works in Randy Wapels, but nevertheless, you know, he'll survive. Gloria Gainer, can't you hear us singing right now? I will survive. I will in a minute. Isn't Gloria Gainer? Better be. Yes. Some in some old fact like me, mixes of some disco song. That's bad for my image, bad for my rep. Oh brother, got a slow start. Come on, Gloria, you can do it. You say Gloria, yes, you're. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Without you by my path. Thousands and 74 votes on the pool. We're going to talk 1100, man. And if we can do that, we're going to have a 75 hour pre-game show just in our house set. We are. Final score, Dolphins 17, Steadler's 36. Now, you think you think it's going to be a tight game because Rothlessburg is not Fanger? Yes. Who's going to win? I'm going to go with the Dolphins. Get on it here. Yeah, I said they pull it out. Get on it here. What kind of a running game and they got? What kind of a defensively guy? That's why he's a programmer. I'm going to burn. I'm going to burn. You got Ronnie Brown. Downtown Ronnie Brown. That's right. That's a good job, Ronnie. You know who they don't have. I don't want to do. And you know how, why have you got injured? The argos here all of a sudden serve when they're whole bunch of games. You know what? Pretty amazing. I don't want to talk about Ricky Ricky. Who's going to get Ricky a whole lot? Yeah. He blows a lot of smoke. 28 past one. In fact, I think he's going to stay here. He likes to gungy here, my. The feasting. So best talent. The feast is for you, Roger. Oh, for Shredio 560. You. Okay. That's your loser. Are we cursed down here? That's your loser. What time's the poker termist now? I am. As the solvers there, the worst football team. They club the ball. Go and roll like no one has ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. You're thin when you say my amy. You're talking to him with all this. They're the. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. Number. I'm 18. 30. But. I'm. He dollful. I am he dollful. Don't bet on them. You'll always. Oh. They don't. They don't. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. Their coaches ought to tell them to put. And they in their jucks. And they would run much faster. And even in the feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see. I am he. And there. I am he dollful. Oh. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. Some of the. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. I am he dollful. The team that hasn't got a clue. I am he has the dolphins. But the dolphins have no fins. Just 50,000. People. Sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all the two. It's morning. Right. I wonder. How. I got the. So. And. Rich. There. I got the. I am. The. And. When. Where. I am. Hey. Hey. And. We. And. And. Here the. Here. ARN. In here. The. We. P. Going down. Green. I will go up past it over you. I'll never win a super bowl you should be surprised when he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised in there. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's number. I'm a seasonally. Hey, Cher. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. Jake calls his signals in Hebrew. But dolphins have no teeth and send their offenses at joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke. They'll always do so point you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than clock marks on. I sing a zobly face in there that I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's number. I want the help. 32. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's now there. 3. Oh, hey. 135 at 56. You know if you can't forget we got that big dolphin's student game tonight. You don't have it. In addition to which who cares whether we have it or not. And anyway, everybody who's interested will be watching on TV. Right? No. Yes. What's that going to be on? Who's going to be doing that game? So on Thursday night NBC CBS Fox. I'm not sure I'll check. You know, you're really out of touch since Dave Van Boeying tossed you right side of the booth. NBC since you ripped his hairpiece on a year NBC. All right. Who's going to be calling again? Do we know? Broadcasts are. No, I can't wait to see though. So many bad bad football analysis on TV these days. But we'll be watching an HD George. You won't be able to see an HD. Oh, John, I will. Huh? Told you he's me like that. Yeah. Daniel Dambay and who Williamson for the financial times. Right? This approval of Bush News European levels. How do you like that? Oh. Public opinion in Europe and the US is converging against President George. W. W. New Transylizer Survey released yesterday. How's sure you covered this? And between all those good calls you got. I think it's a good call yesterday. Hey, here's one WQ. I am. God, you we missed it. Ha ha ha ha. See, I went to catch him off guard like that. Just when you least expected this, we took over in touch one. Like, uh, well, while 77% of EU citizens disapproved Mr. Bush's handling of international affairs, the figure in the US is now 58% accorded the annual Transylizer Land of Transpul of 13,000 people dogs and cats in 12 European nations and the USA. This is the first time in the five of your history of the poll at more Americans disapproved and improved of Mr. Bush's international stance kind of like Charlie Chris stands. During that time, European disapproval of the US is risen by more than 20% of its points, while the proportion of Europeans who favor US leadership of world affairs has fallen from 64% to 37%. Every single US official says the Transylizer Land of Relationship has improved, but Europeans have their mind made up on Bush that run asmists of the German Marshall Fund, which cured out the survey together with the company that the San Paulo and attended on profit organization. Compania, the San Paulo. Okay. Just something about reading that it's a trend. But Americans in Europeans and they have a fundamental difference on threats and there we have a basis for cooperation. However, the poll did reveal a widening gap with Turkey. We're a support for joining the European. Is that even after Clinton sent them all those arms and they were able to butcher all those Kurds? Yes. We're a support for joining the EU as fallen from a 73% in 2004 to just 54% this year. In that time, positive feelings toward the EU. Of course, there's another way of saying that. The EU have fallen from 52 to 45% with the Kurds. Well, I wonder what Jim Al Gibson thinks about that. He eats the Kurds too. While they're positive feeling toward a random person from 34 to 43%. The poll which included responses from nine EU countries from Turkey, Romania and Bulgaria and and from Turkey, Romania and Bulgaria. Said the 94% of Americans 87% of Europeans believe that a nuclear arm to land would be an important threat. It adds that 37% of respondents in EU countries and Romania and Bulgaria and 45% of Americans believe that military action should be used to prevent Iran from requiring nuclear weapons if all other options fail. Only 10% of Turkish respondents support such a course of action. While 56% said they could accept a nuclear arm Iran. So they could be safe. Have you ever met anybody Turks? Yeah, but a couple Turks. How about from the Turks and Kcos Islands? No. Where are the Turks and Kcos Islands? I don't know. Tell me. Would you matter work on them and have some research for your show tomorrow? Let's be, baby. Yeah, I'm sure it is going to be going on that globe. Two Turks would be coming to globe. They couldn't keep their clothes on. The Turks, I admit. Was that something from? I didn't think it was a problem. I mean, that's why they were their schmuckes like that, like the Saudis. They do? The Turks, the Turks. I don't know, don't they were schmuckes? I didn't know they were saying they were going to rule the middle of the mill, like the Lesbianese. I think they just will, like, press like slabs like everybody else. Oh, and smell real bad. Look at that, we got a thousand ninety-nine before I dare take that break. I'm going to keep refreshing. Because LSMF team and lucky strike means fine tobacco. Refreshing and they are mild. I was that gesture field and I don't play that gesture field, Queen's thing again. Don't turn left. That is in such a poor tune. I keep refreshing this damn thing and I won't, we know. This is the way they live to play the game. What do you got? I got 10. I'm going to be able to throw a lot of tanks time. What? 10. 98, you're ahead of me. Oh, I'm way ahead of you. I've had 10. 99 since the Jesus was an infant man for ages. A long time. 10. They're nearly there. Still time. Maybe that's it. Maybe the whole audience is voted now. Well, somebody vote again. Still 10.99. I wonder if there's an almond in father, you think? Sponsor maybe God is trying to send us a message. Like Joey Zazaz, I send us a message. 1100. All right. Only required little cleaning and squeezing. The full Lord up there, it is big, flowing and blowing and gluing, light, robs. And it's like mad scientist, you know. He's got that a record set. Right. What the J. He's erecting. And why did he make this stingray to Lord? You know? If he wouldn't have had the cracky, if he wouldn't have had the stingray, he would have still probably still have all of us's name. It's to pay and value or roll that animal. Probably, he would have stolen that. So you weren't even born when the stool ruined was on very early days of TV. How about Cucle, Fran and Ali? I've seen technical. Verge, tell them in Fran and Allison. See, Buffalo, Bob. No, Buffalo, Bob was on how do you do do do? Yeah. Now, let's see. What about Ali the duty? Ali the duty. Ali the duty. Ali. Ali, he was on the Cucle Fran and Ali. Well, I know, figures, you know. Or maybe it was Annabelle. Cucle Fran and Annabelle. Marlin's got a picture named Annabelle. Pitch to no hit or last night. All you idiots out there. I've walked more. I don't have a lot of time. What am I sitting here, poshking a rom-man. We got to get with it. It's the jiggy with it. Well, we got that. Now, let's see. How come Curtis and Tonya's isn't part of this whole, I say I don't understand that? You do understand that? What? What? Well, how come he's not part of the real pregame show? Well, there's why do they have to wait till three o'clock to be met? Well, isn't it there as well? And he just kicked it off of Tonya. Curtis, like I said, is kicking off the real pregame show with Mad Dog and Hank all the day, we'll start to lay around. And my things are going to work overtime. Just because there's some stupid football game on it. Dream on, baby. Is Erosman said, dream on. Moori doubt writes new things for the same old songs. How do you like that? The same old song. Don't play it. WNKD, we're both on TV at 630 last night. Try to prove they were a man, kidding one by a whisker. The president of the... Ha ha ha. Oh, dream on. President of the anchor won a big push this week to prove they could be the daddy at the helm. Trust worthy of 30 figures who could guide America through two multiverse times. She wanted to prove that she was a commander. He wanted to prove that he was an anchor. The fate of a network and the fate of a way public would appear to hinge on gender issues. W. Channy and Remy are on a campaign to scare Americans into believing that lymphless Democrats will curts eat Islamic radicals and Iranian terrorists. Just as Neville Chamberlain vowed to Hitler and that only the Uber-Manly Republicans can keep so tellitarianism fascism in the al-Qaeda threats of civilization at bay. If they were women, the rhetoric would be described with adjectives like shrill, strident, illogical and hysterical, but since they are men, we'll just call it Churchill envy. Now I know some of our country cannot hear our country hear the terrorist words and hope that they will not or cannot do what they say, Mr. Burse, and a speech yesterday to a military group which was the second story on the first TV news show I could by the first solo female network anchor. This way teaches that understanding underestimating the words of evil and ambitious men as a terrible mistake. Mr. Burse said that the world failed to heed Lenin and Hitler and it was essential to pay attention to Bin Laden. Too bad the President didn't take time off from clearing brush at the ranch long enough back in August of 2001 to pay attention to when the Tudans paper headline Bin Laden determined to attack inside the U.S. After playing down Bin Laden for years, barely mentioning him and minimizing his importance, but once again, his picked up a metaphorical bullhorn on the cusp of the 9-11 anniversary to make Osama, the villain, using his name 18 times in a 40-minute speech. Once it would have made a difference to the capitator Osama, it was still great to do it, but it's too late to stop outside of that way now. Your organization is the fewest to a state of mind fueled by hatred of U.S. occupations of Muslim land. W.S. time to save his legacy and keep Congress out of democratic hands is to absorb a misbegotten and missile-dwar Iraq into the good wars of the 20th century, W.W.W.W.2 in the Cold War. Instead of just admitting he baller stuff Iraq, W.W.W. and his henchmen are ratcheting up, fusing enemies willingly, running around giving speeches with these simplistic black helicopter perinoid message. All those scary Arabs are in league to knock us off and instate the rule of Allah. The president has met have been trying to get everyone excited by repackaging and giving a new theme song to the same old things. This is Katie and CBS, we're trying to get everyone excited by repackaging and giving a new theme song to a new guest that turned out to be disabled, new guest, just with more legs. This move is in Ms. Corret, trying to wrap her debut in historical significance. She's the Jackie Robinson of Network News, Mr. Moonbez told me. And if you want to local CBS affiliate that are just before her debut, Katie said she'd take in the job of her daughter's urging and her daughter carried her to do it because you'll be the first woman to do that job by yourself. So I was like, too hell-unready, who knew I was raising such a little feminist, she said? No, I'm not too dear to play hell-unready. The president has a commentary like the one by Lauren Stiller, Writley, entitled, but women need Katie Corret to succeed. Actually, the minute Katie Corret was given a $15 million paycheck to read from a teleprompter for 15 or 20 minutes and I, women won, women have been doing that on the BBC and American cable stations for years and for a lot less though. Jackie Robinson represented revolution, Katie Corret represented a promotion. The sad truth is, women only get to the top of places like the network evening news in Hollywood after those places are devalued. He's got ratings and she's got ratings, his party voters are network viewers. So we're talking about the personal fulfillment of two people, WNKB, disguised in pedal as the fulfillment of a higher ideal. It's marketing, tricked out as ideology. Corret is Dan Rather used to say. The biggest name, so the death challenge for the existence of the real Roger S. The first player just named their game in the past. He had to be worse with the dumb who's saying. Oh. You've been working my internship at your ratings and dieting at home. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass ain't I, boys, so you're a kid, half. You've got to get a pie, somebody put it up, but so my thinking is. You're gonna be an easy insane. Karnaji, you don't wanna be coming back? Outside of considering a looprated victim comes to mind. Mm.. If you wanna know what I'll say to you from shut that transmitter, then without. Why? That Louisiana! Tomorrow. Oh, youies man! Of the blacks who do need this man? Oh, you need it, no! And don't be afraid! Oh, you need it, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! You're not going to waste up. You're going to get it. What? You're going to get it. Oh, no! What are you going to do? What are you going to do? I'm going to get it. I'm going to pop the hell out of the hall. I'm going to walk. Bye, bye, bye!