This are 55 festivities. They will never end their life. Good luck All your blackel wings. Wow. All of my junior honors. My name is Josey Phanun whose family pets are all that looten Hershey Hehe. I'm not a rat, I'm a human, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat, I'm a rat,这是, human, I'm a rat, crying, crying, crying, cry, crying, crying, crying, crying burn humine crying cry, crying, crying, crying. I have more to smelly than street someone. Exactly 10-1-5-60 WQM happy Wednesday to be the third. We got on late Iran. We got guilty again. guilty of two Eric Reed, the voice of the heat who talks to her team. How about those heat last night, huh? They pulled it out. Why were they losing for a little bit there? Yeah, no. I don't pay attention to that crap. I see the Marlins lost again last night. They're supposed to come. They're supposed to come. Six thousand six fifty two announced. And of course they excuse being well, the heat were playing home last night before a cellar crown. Of course what was the excuse that I'd before that when the heat were not playing at home the way were in between? Six thousand six fifty two and another blown lead is the Marlins continued losing and losing. We went that stadium back. That's great. A little very jackass. Now, yesterday very right that things are looking real good for that new high-o-leading deal in news stadium. and New Stadium and then today he writes that they're looking at several sites in San Antonio and they're playing this little dog and pony game. We only problem being David that nobody cares. Don't you understand? Nobody cares. You put a bunch of little leaders out there in the field and pretend it's majorly baseball and they're what? 6 and 17 now? That's correct. Would that be the correct number? 6 and 17? Well that's pathetic. I think they may have even surpassed Kansas City. I could be wrong about that for the worst-requing all the major leagues but if not, they're right in there right in the Tourlor with them. They're on the way. They're on a way all right. 6 and 17, holy moly they can win a fixed game. 6,652. But anyway, you want to get two sports intensive because they get to Saudi and really, really upset. As a matter of fact sports talk radio, I got a big announcement for you. Crossest reach are going to go to Chinese melodies starting next Monday and we're going to be what? Something with a bigger audience is that what you're saying. We're going to be doing 20-hour transmitter maintenance and still get a bigger number than we did yesterday. What? That was really- although Clarence says that here's the take from management. Oh, we're fine. That's what Clarence said. Have no fear. Everything's under control. No, what he said? Have no fear. I'll tell you what he said before they show this more. Yeah. Yeah. And I said, well what does that mean? He said. But a deep, but a bit, but a bit, but a bit, a bit, a bit, a bit, a bit. That's what he said. Here's the appell from yesterday. How did illegal alien day on Monday affect your ass? Not at all. 11, we had 1622 votes for those who keep track. Keep the stats. Not at all. 1160. Much less traffic to 70. In other words, keep doing it. I spent extra money just out of spite just to piss off those veners. 79. I hate this poll 37. Didn't go to work 29. Didn't go shopping 18. You go shopping? Didn't go to work that business 16. Worst traffic 11. There must be the people in a homestead, where the people in the areas where they're like all the protesters in the flagwabbers. We've been our Mexican and Argentinian, and what was we found yesterday? Oh, Nick or Aguad. Nick and Aguad and Flags. Those blue and white ones. And didn't go to school 3. Why didn't you learn much anyway? That's a great story, somebody facts. You don't get to that in a minute. One thing about American education, man, it's an oxymoron. All these kids that couldn't find their ranch with both hands. That's the most exciting part of the whole of that study. They keep doing these studies. And they find out that Americans are dumb. Especially American kids. They don't know what. What else going on? Somebody died though. Somebody very well known even though George and Josh have no idea who was. We were talking to this yesterday about those powdered wigs like George Washington used to wear and tell Jefferson and their founding fathers. That's why we got all these problems today. Our founding fathers used to wear powdered wigs. That could be. I think James Madison wore powdered wigs as well. What was that powder made of? Ask Whitney, she'll tell you. Ask Daryl. A long time TV host Lewis Rukai's your dead at 73. Oh my God. Lewis Rukai's her best-selling author, communist lecturer and TV host who delivered TUNFILD, Common Sense Commentary on complicated business and economic news that yesterday he was 73 or didn't look at day over 100. Rukai's who died at this home in Greenwich after long battle with multiple Maya Loma, a rare bone marrow cancer, said his brother, Bud Rukai's there. This buds for you. As host of Wall Street Week with Lewis Rukai's her own pubic TV from 1978 till 2002 when they came to Zeska because he was getting to be older than a fossil. Rukai's who took a rye approach to the ups and downs in the marketplace and urge guests to avoid jargon. He brought finance and economic story reviewers and investors as we were to be the largest audience in the history of financial journalism even bigger than Lou Dobbs when he was on C and B.C. Which I bet you didn't even know he was on C and B.C. No, of course if I watched the M.B.C. Be sure to be on the gambling channel before he became your big hero. He'd raised to the tube. A blend of warmth with irreverence, trusting intellect and large doses of charm, plus the credibility of a Walter Cronkide money magazine wrote in a cover story. Rukai's are also a numerous awards and others including a citation by people magazine as the only, and this is this may be the funniest line I've read in my lifetime. A citation by people magazine is the only six symbol of the business scientific economics. He was about as sexy as a dog turd. No, no matter in fact, I've seen some well. I don't want to get too aggrathered. I'm going to do it too deeply with. If he was sexy man, I'd like to know the people who found him. Of course people magazine they have a difficult time finding out who sexy and who's not. And I'm going to say I didn't waste my money going out and buying that Friday. There's no people magazine with a hundred hottest pay. Most beautiful people in the world that they're just full of craft. Right. It's definitely somebody pays to be on that list. Some of them. There's no way they're putting the beast in there. Who, by the way, is a chronic trouble maker when the Schmidt is dear. I turned it a long time ago. Yeah, it was worth and Robert. But we like that. But we like that. Well, maybe you like it. I don't know. It's part goes with the territory. If it's right in. Running around the building, modeling around this morning. And I don't see that the man has missed it. I wasn't all that disappointed with the ratings because it's not important that we succeed. But the guys across the street fail even worse. And they certainly did. And also they expected to be a lot worse. How a could have been worse beats a hell out of me. If you missed the ratings yesterday, believe me, you don't want to know. I guess the first one they didn't want to stand fan. No. Or they up or down and already even know. Yes, it was a blur to me. Was it really? Yeah. Well, I could play a fart sound, but that probably would be the end of us. No, that was sum it up in one sound. Oh, sorry. A little raspberry slipped right out. How a little one once a month from off. We got a squeaky leather chair there. Yeah. Slip it out. Eight-hundred. What? Well, eight-hundred. Eleven-hundred. Well, sometimes you can't control what's happening with your body. Like, when I'm bad neck. Anybody out there got a bad neck? Maybe I need a neck brace. Maybe got a tumor. The mum has a bad neck. This year we were. Sorry, yesterday. Well, ever since we're accident. Oh, I haven't had no accident. I still think it's partly because it's neck and shoulder and um, neck and shoulder. You've a wash your hair right here with that neck and shoulders. Just this mort... But anyway, I think it's from the plane all of those machines. But I think it's too much of that. It's like it's comparable to Carple Tummel Syndrome. People get from, from tapping on computers to our after-hour day after-day. And they wind up with a Carple Tummel Syndrome. Right. And sometimes they get those real bad, and they're all hands, you know? Maybe I'll have a neural neck. So, there's no... I just, uh, I don't know. I have no idea. If I can be this, this is the end, my friend. I don't know. Probably nothing. They must have do about anything. Sure, as a pain in the neck though. 819 votes. On today's pool already. Well, I think we might make a thousand, Josh. This probably would be very important for your bonus. Oh, yeah. Well, Josh Cortis had a written, he was very clever. He had a written into his bonus said, for every day we had a thousand votes or more during the show on a pool. He gets the next one thousand bucks. Is that what it says? I'd be very happy, man. Yeah. Then you really be pushing your audience, man. You'd be right now you'd be screaming. Get on there and vote. You'd be just wild. But, of course, there's nothing. In fact, you don't have a contract. Now, how's your deal coming? They finally, from that all up, yes, they did. Did they really? I mean, it hasn't started yet, but yet, uh, it's ready to go. No, not, I'm ready to go, doesn't it? No, you know, something you'll be like, listen, that's like sitting down to dinner table and saying, well, where's Charlie? You know, while it's ready to go, okay, it's put it on the table, okay? I can't eat it. I can't eat your words, okay? Ready to go. It doesn't cut it for me. Well, it's in the kitchen ready to be served, but, you know, there's things that I need to do still, since I was over on the other side of the building, and I can't just stop doing, right? I like what? I'm sure it does. I'm sure it does. Waiting for that second one. Yeah. And that he needs some servicing to it. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. She. Ha. In fact, I heard that they low ball, Josh, in the contract. I don't know what that term meant, but I think I have a pretty good idea. Oh, one hand lower than the other, you know? No, really? Sometimes. Well, Tom Green's jealous. He only wishes he had that problem. And who's the other one? John Crock. And I see that's bad. Why make fun of guys who have one testicle? Who knows, maybe I got a testicle in my neck. I have no idea what I got going. And I'm wrong with that. Could be a third card. Maybe I got a third testicle growing in my neck. I don't know. I know it's not, I don't know much fun. I went out. What is stuff I went and bought yesterday? I got rid of that Ben Gay, because that stuff, first of all, didn't seem to be helping him. I'm not certainly a smell like it. I like it. Yeah. But you don't want to walk around smelling like Ben Gay. Too much. He's right. He doesn't know too. Yeah. I think that's a title at all. Oh, I got some of my, my, my, no, no, no, there was creamish mirror. What else are called? My, my, my, my, I don't know. I'll get it. I'll get the tube during the week. You. And I'll suggest that title and all, you know, which is nothing but cover up whatever it is. But that's right. It's good. 824 votes. What's your take on sports talk radio? Wow. What a controversial poll. And how dare you do that? A special on this station. You piece of crap you. I listen occasionally 179. We got 824 already. Let's get that thousand. There's suggestion. Get this $50 million. And then we're right. Right. It around. Hey, for every thousand votes, if I got a grand, I would send you to you. For how much? 50 bucks. 50 bucks, where we thousand? And I'm working to get the thousand votes. That's not what I'm going to deal. How about 100? All right, half. Let's get it done. Half. Woo. Woo. Man, he is getting really generous with fan, fan, fantasy, mom. Sure. Now, it's easy to be generous with money that you don't have. That's right. I'm going to send you both $10 million. Is that it? I would be the lottery. I'm going to build a solid gold colossus. No, if I want a lot, I'll take good care. Everybody, because that's where I am. I would take care of all my friends and even you guys. A little bit. Not too much. And of course, chicken that. I take a care of him. I'd send him the most, because I feel sorry for him, because he's just, he's very talented, but he needed the word for him is pathetic. You know, great guy, but pathetic. Two teenagers shot near only high school in Philadelphia. That's just in their breaking news on CNN with Mrs. Limbaugh. Papa, the one Darren, you bitch. 833 votes. I listen occasionally to sports. Talk 180. It's run. It's course. It's a whole Schmidt 135. A little goes a long way. 128. It's like fudge. You know, it's good, but it's so sweet. That a little goes a long way. I love it. I listen a lot. 125. 15% they love sports. Talk radio. 15%. That's not what I call ringing endorsement. So if you add that to, I listen occasionally. That's about 36%. Not too good. It's for sports nerds only one. Oh, wait. I hate it like poison 94. I hate sports 46 and I hate this pool 17. But I sure a lot of hate there. And there's last three categories. You know what? We hate it. We hate it. We hate you. We hope that Neil's got to be too hard as an act. We hope you all die in the idea. But he all have a nice day now. Like Mike Seagull. Man was that guy at jerk or what back in the WD news days. He could have hate call. And some guy was just ripped him in ass. Just ripped them rightfully so by the way. And he would say, well, if that's your attitude, you're in tell me your opinion, and thank you very much for your call. Hang up on me. Why would you say thank you very much for your call. Somebody just ripped you in ass. I don't know. Your salary. Yeah, your pathetic. Mike Seagull. tragic. I wonder if you saw the problems of the medical profession yet. You know, sometimes it's the things you can't see that can hurt you that are real pain in the arce. In South Florida for 28 years, and I've been using for over 21 myself. Dry concepts is the best to dry cleaning carpets. And when you dry clean your carpets, you really can clean it. They entertain tonight. That's how fast they dry. Carpets stay clean or longer. And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, I guarantee you won't be alone. You have plenty of company. Let me remind you that dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration. Keep that in mind during the upcoming hurricane season. Certified technicians get you out of a mold zone in minutes, too. Not days. And dry concepts get your own business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's guaranteed. And the top of it all off, dry concepts has got a state of the art. Orem, a rug cleaning plant. It's the only one in South Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area where it's looking like just brand new, like you just bought them and stamped them on your floor. So be yourself a big favor and call dry concepts today. Nobody does it better. And they give you a written guaranteed price up front people. They start to work too. How can you beat that? 1,800, 2,48, 5,071, that's their toll free number of date, Howard, and the Palm Beach is 2. Call 1,800, 2,48,5,071, be sure to tell them that Crestio Neotolidae, call. No, remember who I am, nobody else does, but they will. Or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5,16,18. And we demand. That's your duty. My offense. My offense. I wish we were to hold my safe. Say, have all the good day, need to keep the gas low and low. Nothing more than so, but it's free. No one's in control and I need it. That's our great victory, tomorrow. I'll cut with the David Shets. Now these guys are scared. Are truly you all. Yes. No false mistakes you push this ass. It's over with having. Raccoon. You hear me spin every day. I can't think too much of that. Now to the prize, I live tomorrow. That's great. Be great. Be great. I've got faith. Be great. The fight. I have been right. Be great. Be great. Everyone on phase three. Be right about. That's something that's right. We're going to come to the world. We're going to come to the world. We're going to come to the world. All right. It's 1021 at 5. It's 60. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. He's not Thomas Anderson. He's not Thomas Anderson. He doesn't know any how. He's got a clue. He's a nice kid. He's as what he is, man. Just a silly sports guy. A sports nerd. He is the epitome. If you look at the sports nerd in the dictionary, you'll see him and Robert Greeper side by each naked. Am I correct? I'm not arguing. No. Side by each naked is a jabberd. That's pretty sad. Double DQA in. Hello. Good morning. Yes. Yes. Anyhow, I want to. Okay. One thing, if that doesn't work, try this product that I use and it works fantastically. And you could do it again called mineral ice. Mineral ice ice, that used to be a sponsor years ago. It's a blue stuff and a jar. Yep. And it's fantastic. It really works. But you only get it. I get it. You don't put it on after a shower. Why is that? It just burns really hard. It burns. Yeah. And one other thing. I'm not going to ask you. Wait a minute. This is very important. Now, this is my life and my health we're talking about. Do you have neck and shoulder pain? I have pain everywhere from working physical construction. No. And this stuff really works. I've tried everything. Okay. I'm going to go on and give me a jar today. It really works well. And another thing is I was on your website and it looks like that weird picture where you're flipping the birds all the south people. It looks like your head is sitting on your public. Doesn't even look like you haven't next. Right. Where sits? Now I'm sitting in my fatter days. I guess. I don't know. But hey, and stop pulling that machine so hard. That's what's doing it. That's how soft pulling it's hard. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. See, there's my doctor. Okay. We need some medical advice. He says mineralize. That used to be a sponsor back in the WS News days. Wait back when. That's good stuff. Very very keen. That's for them. No. He doesn't do mineralize. He does. That's stuff he does. What do you mean? And that's the. That's the state. Oh. That's the question. Now I'm sure you've heard of absorbing junior. Yes. Have you ever heard of absorbing senior? No. Or just plain absorbing? I mean, I must be. I don't know. I don't like to smell that stuff anyway. I've never tried it. Plus you apply it would like a like a little plunger. Yes. I don't know. It's a contract set to spark right. I believe listening to me. Well, what is absorbing junior? I don't. I have no idea what that means. Observing junior. Grab my junior honey. Yeah. It doesn't work on that either. Twenty seven past ten at five sixty. WCM. We got guilty at two again today. And spite of those numbers that came out yesterday. They were just screaming, screaming for some assistance. Please, please throw us a life raft. Please. Poor mad dog. Mad dog will be on it for a clock following two hours of. Two. What the numbers prove beyond the shadow about their very very few people. If any. Like no one. Very few people can follow hours of day or an actually pull a number in there. Huh. Hey, maybe you love voting because so many people in South Florida do. Well, if you ever thought about buying a boat stop and listen to this. Instead of buying and getting yourself involved in a real mess called Club Notico at 1-800-BOT-RENT right now. Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning boats when you can rent one totally hassle free? Join the club at Club Notico. Call 1-800-BOT-RENT. You'll be amazed just how easy it is. No docking costs. No expensive upkeep. No insurance or I don't want to say it but it's coming soon. No hurricane preparation. With the boat from Club Notico it's totally stressed free and truly affordable too. Call 1-800-BOT-RENT. No getting the boat ready. Club Notico does that for you and no cleaning up either they do that as well. A Club Notico just hop on your boat and go when you don't pull the dock it off and just walk away. Just walk away. It's that simple. Club Notico call 1-800-BOT-RENT from unlimited voting to pay as you go small boats to yacht charters. Call 1-800-BOT-RENT. Like Club Notico tailor-up plan to fit your needs and your budget. Don't get you. I years ago I was going to buy me a boat and then I found it all the hassles and volvin. Here's the easy way to solve that problem. Call 1-800-BOT-RENT. Get on the water today with Club Notico. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-8-8-8. 5-9-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-9-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-9-8-8-8-8-9-8-8-4-8-20-8-6-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-6-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8- off in that position, you know it. I mean, could it easily been any one of us? Well, this is with that lacrosse crap again, they're on him. Yeah, let's get back to lacrosse importance stuff. What are you saying? Right. I'm going to smear some my reflects on the microphones. See if that helps the ratings next time. Okay. I'm Schmerna. Ooh. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's called S. The Doctor today. We got 900 votes on the poll already. Boy, when we get to a thousand, I'm leaving. I'm going to woodbine. Because you're to that I got to exercise my shoulder and my arm. Okay. Now don't you think, Doctor, that's probably what caused this, because the shoulder or the neck bone connected to the hip bone, all I crap? It's entirely possible. Yeah. Possibly. But probably you're thinking out of go to a doctor. I don't want to do that. I think you should, it's not going to hurt to work it out. Just, you know, grab something and do some arm exercises. Hahaha. Oh, that's definitely the wrong arm for me. Well, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, 5, 6, leave, rising and singular wireless lines. Hello. QAM. Oh, okay. There you go. That's choice. That's choice. I could recognize that Raspberry and medium miles away. Can you smell it? That was her. Hello. QAM. Presumably. Other. Oh, yesterday afternoon before your show, I did somebody call that after about the public radio station's rating. If you have a computer program called Maximizer, you can find out everything you wanted to know about the ratings, even more than you wanted to know. You've arrived. It's a good program. And closing. I think a good choice to do the 4 of the Dick fatherly. He'd fit right in with all the ozone provocatory going on there. Okay. Well, I think we got a starting Monday. There you go. Too to fall. I mean, one thing you don't want to think about Dick fatherly is an ozone provocateur. Oh, I love that drop. I don't know. Business going. Okay. There's somebody in the business. I didn't dare ask him who it was because, you know, it would be embarrassing to be called in here. Of course, everybody in the business does listen here. They participate. Oh, that, you know, he's an old fossil and he's and not funding any more. And that's that show is only does his read from the newspaper. And there's a million reasons why they shouldn't be listening, but they are, you know. I got this for we got nothing to be ashamed about. And if you're extrapolated, you wait to lose the maximizer and the minimizer. See, we're doing the minimizer now. We used to do the maximizer now. We do the minimizer. Give us ratings. The get those numbers as low as we can. Well, there's the phone. I bet my package is downstairs. I probably ought to go down there and get it. Don't you think maybe it's another five cigars for 150 bucks a day. Yeah, probably. Bonnie doesn't stop facts in these five pages. I'm going to do a mess. Why, what are they about? What are they about? If you told me what they were about, I would mention it. And then we could lip Bonnie in the bud. I'm looking. Yeah, on the words you keep smith can. Well, what are they about? It's some Yahoo story. The state's help schools hide minorities scores. Oh, go away, Bonnie. Okay, step in all the pseudo intellectual horsecraft. This is just a radio show. We're not going to stop the problems of the world on a show. It's just a stupid handshow. Okay, they have to be killed for hours every day. Go back to the light bulb. I'll call up, well, what's his name? Works for firemen. Get out of my face, Bonnie, with your stupid ass five page facts. But waste in our facts paper. We got to keep chopping out a cherry tree with the George Washington. So you're making a paper to keep printing the facts is for your stupid craft. And she's sending it over and over and over again. Jesus, God, Bonnie. Good Clyde after her ass. 918 votes are raised just early after 1030 aren't you impressed? Okay. I think my bad posture also has got some of them sitting here. See, if I would raise the mic up like this because it's on a state. It's like when you got there and sit up straight like a real man, which course we take a lot of money. No, I don't have a set up you have over there, but you're able to rest your elbows during the show. Or your arms are embedded in midair. No, my arms are not suspended in midair. How can my arms are suspended in midair? What is that? Boy is building the buttons. A lot of these, I don't know what the studio set up is. It's just like there. All right, then the only better and small, right? It's a miniaturized version of what you've got there, only it all works here. And it's not old and crappy. Yeah, I would sit up straight just like Mommy said. Ah, how can you set up straight when you got this big pupa king and down here? Man, that guy was right. My head is on my pupa. Maybe you could get a gut rest. WQAM, hello. Did you see the right up? Tom Jicka gave you? No, I did not. You're in the paper. I did not. I doubt it. You can't get out of the sun sent along anyway. So we don't want to talk to you anyhow. Luzer. Okay, go back to Wisconsin wherever you ran away. They got some real good powder there. Okay. See, I'm even trying to sunset and reading Jicka's column anymore because, by the way, we're having some real internet issues here in the building today. Really? Really? Both Josh and I. I keep click on something to go somewhere and it takes a good two minutes for the page. Oh, even the phone, you notice the phone is like a small, small. I pressed a button and like half an hour later, something comes up. No, I know. I'm not going to be able to get to Jicka article on this thing. So I, oh, and I was going to ask you to do it, but if you have an internet issues, I'll get it in like 30 minutes. That's probably how long it'll take. Yeah, really? It's loading one picture to go. I'm back to where I was again. I thought it was a song. Let me try Firefox with a Sunset. Because they're definitely having issues too, even though you denied it. I didn't know tonight. Well, Josh denied it. He said, oh, I got it right here. Well, guess what? I bet today I get a faster than you do. Yeah, the webpage too, I'm sure. Yeah. I'm not going to go. I got it. I'm guessing it's, it's an, he wrote an article about footies, the last thing he wrote. So I'm opening it to see, well, yeah. Oh, yeah. And well, what does it say? You got it? Yeah. I just opened it. Okay, well, good. Then like I said, you're much faster than I am. I'm not even going to try anymore. The Sunset and the Web site is a piece of garbage. You're having all sorts of problems. And it's got to be them because I'm not having any difficulty with any other Web site. Everything comes up on your Fad like lightning. Like three lightning, man. Luke Christie is singing lightning strikes every time I had the button except the Sunset. And they say, oh, fat. How would that thing? I'm 132 votes already. I think if I chopped my, you know, if I did the old severed head deal, I think actually will better. Just chopped my neck off right at the end of the clavicle. Let's do what I call that thing. You're breastbone. You're clavicle. Where's that in my wrongs? That what I call it. What, what is the clavicle? I don't know. Oh, come on. You're supposed to be set to little into what I like. You're a useless garbage man. I'm just going to do a stupid old schmuck. Which, by the way, all you got in here is a sentence. The same. There's a tiny pair of this. It says rich shaw has also been in the market for 45 years, but with several stations in the same Goats for Neil Rogers who recently celebrated his 30th anniversary. Oh, thank you so much, Tom. Oh, you know, just because you had 30 years in a market, this means you're going to get your name in the news paper says Tom, little bald head of Tommy. At least he's writing something about that isn't a puppies. That was a little article about. What is that? Yes. Oh, my God. What age? Yo, nice going, Tommy. That is a panic. 19 to 11 at 5. 60. Nobody can. By the way, footage retiring this week after 32 years in a market. He's going to, he's actually getting blown out. They're going to bring an opening anthemy. That's the rumor. That's the effects we had yesterday from the inside. No doubt. They put an anthemy because footage just turned 185. And he's, you know, on a station trying to appeal the teenagers. Yeah, a somewhere he's missing it. I'm a graphic. I mean, with me, I'm 105 years old, but at least I'm talking to a lot of old thoughts. And even the young people sit by an amazement, what are how to how I can keep going especially on this horsecraft place. It's just astonishing. And you know, the interesting part about this seriously, and talking about putting the pieces back together again, other than me and Eddie K, everybody to have on the years in a long time slot. Okay. Put that in your pipe and smoke it. Puff on it big time. Put a big bowl and just just puff into your lungs, cave in. Everybody except me and a capplan are on the wrong time on this station right now. And of course, we have some people on. I'm going to run it all. That's another story. 18 to 11 a Q AM. Hey, we tried to pizza and pasta John the baker's yet. Duff wants you to try it. He, in fact, double probably pick up the tab. I doubt it, but he might because John the baker is sensational. It's the best Italian restaurant to study university drive. Pizza is good as it gets in South Florida. And now two good locations for you. They're brand new in the Sterling town center, Sterling Road. Just west of Pine Island in Cooper City. And the classic John the baker in Pembro Pines, just west of Lemingo in the home Depot center on Pines Boulevard. And speaking to people over there on for a long time, John the baker's been in time for over 30 years too. It used to be over there on the big sea highway, as they say. On west to sea highway, right near that old Taco Bell. And man, they were serving up great food back then and he still do the same. The food is delicious. They give you everything fresh, huge portions of all your homemade favorite Italian delights. Plus with John the baker's low low prices, you can take all family for lunch for dinner any time and stay well within your budget. When you call or you stop in, be sure to ask for the Neil Deal. Please, it's a large 16 in pizza. Half dozen garlic rolls in two-pound and coast for only 14. 75. Tell that bluff Lindsey told it as for the Neil Deal. Take out or die in. And Pembro Pines would take out called 954. 431. 4315. Or in Cooper City. 954. 2. 5. 2. 0. 0. 0. 0. P pizza. Pasta. 10. 6. 0. Yes, yes. 0. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 7. 9. 6. 6. 7. 9. 6. 7. I am like Moherini. I am cannot comment on this ongoing investigation. Follow up. Go, DJ, you stole the pizza. I am cannot comment on this. I am going to the investigation. And besides, I can still love eating. I'm in here, but buddy, let's see his name. That's the role. Who's the more to poison the Kigadeanless Bean community than Jeff Jaren and Rick Taylor? Excuse me. Who the hell are you? I'm Tony Snow. Oh yeah. You played for the ramp, right? I read you, dead, did it. No, that was Jack Snow. Of course I could lie about that too and say I did play for the ramp. Ram, did it. I'm not press secretary. Tell me I know what he's hearing. He's hearing. I'll see him. I know. I got stuck at a job. I'm reading this a long, long fact. He just sent to me from Hermon. Yeah. He's a little bit junior. Huh? Oh my God. I guess I'll read it. I've got to get this mic back down where I'm used to it. I'm not going to sit up straight. I don't tell anybody. So straight is just not my favorite. He was going to strap up over there. You're going to sit up. Yeah. By the way, speaking of this fact, you know, and the interesting times, you could wrote something about local radio finally for the first time at about six years and also a KC Woods at the era, I have no idea who KC Woods is. Maybe he came to Tiger, but I doubt it. Probably somewhat lighter-complexed. Miami radio show finds fans near and far and it's about, oh, this is going to really get you. This is the station I've talking about is WNA 1210. A station, you think our numbers are bad. You can find their numbers with a magnifying glass. See, that's a, I thought those colleges were a station Mr. Ego was on, but I don't think we even know what station he's on. I don't know what the colors are. But this is says for Miami to Madrid, the eclectic quartet of the El Metro Radio Show breathing through a world of news and culture five days a week. Show director on Bertha Rodriguez opens in this particular morning with a pulsing tune from Colombian sensation Shakira and statistics on sexual harassment in Madrid. El 100 Gomez rebels in the health secrets of the world's oldest in Sation Shakira and statistics on sexual harassment in Madrid. El 100 Gomez rebels in the health secrets of the world's oldest women and Alexander Brossie beams about good economic news at Honda. Julio Cueirvo sounds off on US espionage in Latin America and Yadi Adi Adi. A new Spanish language radio program allowing for Colombians and other migrants goes to global with airtime in Madrid and Bogota. All right, proving once again that only the banana republic in the foreign country of the can, it just goes on and on and we already got radio a swivey for the Colombian. So what do we need this graph for anyway, right? Right. Speak at English. Okay, speaking at English. Cut the crap already. Speak at English. Speak at front says not. Now, what is this? Oh, absorbing veterinary limit. Oh, there isn't absorbing. Well, how do you like that? Somebody facts to the story about that about absorbing enemy. Well, the union, it takes back over a century from a tub in their farmhouse, Wilbur and Mary I had created absorbing veterinary limit. Oh, maybe I ought to run it, rub it on my shins. Maybe I have quarter cracks. How do you like that? Farmers began to realize this product help humans, too. Just rub just a little bit, rub into the muscles and really the aches and pains of hard work. And we do swelling and discomfort. Well, hard working, gunna. Well, I said, I guess it's on those machines. That's pretty hard work. It's happening, tapping and banging and pounding. Nothing happens, you know? We're going to overlay it to that. And absorbing in junior. Well, thanks a lot. What are you doing? I'm going to regular facts. See what we're learning today. It's not even 11 o'clock. And we're already getting an education here. Wait till we get to the article by Doug Thompson on Capitol Blue, George W. Bush and American Hitler. That's one of my very favorites in a long time. A third of youths can't find Louisiana on them. That they can't find their as would both hands. Cut. That is scary, isn't it? Thank you so much for your 앉ur at Eon Mike McColhouse. deputy please part partners, however, any questions from each of you? Fine, elbow neural, sorry, I got the remote control and uh, I just specifically made my dad share the fond chat number about using the integrated anti-armed and internyצed controljang. That was never quantum quantum, wasn't it, it's quite in my mind. Okay, right. Mostly, I do something very easy to talk about from you. First of all Hank is never on any way like today like tomorrow like Friday He's got bigger fish to fry. This is this whole gig for him is just basically like an afterthought So when you got somebody like that putting him on in morning drive is probably not the best idea in the world Somebody who works like maybe a little bit part time when he feels like it and then takes off and goes and plays celebrity golf in a middle of his show That probably wasn't a greatest idea and mad dog now is following two hours a day there and they're discovering that oh he can't just jump start the audience So just by magic And these people but a beep but I don't like I said You know I don't even know what I'm talking about it. Why do you let me start it? I'm sorry Because after yesterday made up my mind Gornish health and man just just keep taking that money just take whatever else in you Anyway, I hope you did well. We didn't but as much as I love you guys We really don't just about everything. I really have a problem with the way you're handling this illegal immigrant issue I can tell you I'm an immigrant. My father was originally an illegal immigrant Well, that's round his ass up. It'd be his father's dead One of the few things you're missing in your argument is that when the shrub talks about jobs that Americans are willing to do He's not talking about gardening or picking tomatoes. He's talking about dying in his endless stupid oil wars I didn't know that these people were going off to fight the wars. See that did I know That's what he's really referring to. Let me say it again I don't think so because I don't see any illegal aliens going off to find the money He got it. Well if you're not there if we don't have a draft and they're not volunteering to go in it because they're not citizens anyway I would love to debate you on this issue, but I know well because the chance or here's my take I hope you what does it mean? He'd love to debate me. Well, what does that mean? Well, what's to debate? I don't know. Number one illegal immigrants are the gaze and game marriage of the 2006 campaign and you and all the Democrats are falling for ropes, vols. But the Democrats are falling for a third of ones that are same we want to you know and this day we want to all our same all kinds of things you know both sides There yeah both sides are all over the place because they're pretty good to piss somebody off and lose votes Number two and I'm not fall for anything. I've been screaming about this for 26 years now I won't back before Maryl. Maryl Bolif was a classic example of a non immigration policy of just chaos gone bad And never forget the night on WS News. I keep I just can't forget it. I had members of the state department from the Reagan administration in 81 And they said they told me off there. They said you better get used to this deal because South Florida's been visiting It is the dumping ground for all the illegal aliens Cubans the visit it been disinue. There was this was part of a plan I remember there was a book that I based at the discussion I had these two guests on there tell me Well, we've already decided that this is part of the game plan Number two most people in revulsion of the bad press illegal immigrants are getting or not illegal Just our ways that we now found a large segment of our community we can now fed our anger ran another great World of the innovation how a row for all of his pimples and works in crookedness didn't invent this okay People have been tired of illegal aliens for a long long time based on one word illegal This isn't the way an immigration policy works especially at the time when supposedly where we got this war on terror And we got the Department of Homeland Security and we're just waiting for the other shoe to drop another terrorist attack We have no idea who these people are and you're the adiati. We got to secure our borders That's why Number three. I guess I better do the break because this goes on We're going to interrupt take a break at a bread Especially when we get to the part about my family being exiled and about you being a born in the US Your information is all incorrect. You know talking about jumping conclusions Were you born in the US? Me no. No. It was my family exiled from no. I need your side. No. So a hair man You know like I haven't I said many times in the past people sit up there and they listen and they think they know something Because they hear words, you know and therefore right away they know me they know you but it's been but you don't know anything Okay, you may be a wonderful guy. I'm a glad that you love us both and there's a big juicy selfie kiss for you, but Year you're Freeman 10 56 at five 60 W. You have a speaking of great food like I was only moments ago Here's our witty great experience and then not just a meal and experience the melting pot We're fondue becomes a memorable for course dining experience where you're doing something totally different because you're You know instead of just having them wait on you and bring them stuff to your out table you were actually a Participant like being on one of those cooking shows you you dip in you dunk into something really great And you are a variety of unique contrast in special melting pot dipping sauces dip that baby right in your man And imagine starting dinner with the melting pots of a noun She's fondue served with three different breads granny Smith apples and crisp veggies next your choice Assalam's all of the melting pots homemade dressings your aqua is included lobster Man can imagine dip in but did not you already told me you had lobster or not No, you didn't have lobster I don't decide it we'd start some of it. Mm you snagged it. Yes, I did fill in many on shrimp Cagin season chicken pork port of all our shrumes duck and lots more The cooked in oil or broth and those melting pot dipping sauces are to die for and then for dessert This is the piece of resistance the chocolate fondue was unbelievable if your fresh strawberries But in his pineapple all those great fruits cheese cake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos and graham crackers and Mandela put you into orbit so and don't forget mother's days coming up a week from Sunday Sunday made 14 his mother's day and everybody knows that moms love the melting pot It's a really unique case a great treat for and for you too So I'll get left out call that in make your reservations for mother's day at the melting pot nearest by you You'll find a melting pot in for a lot of them cross brings bokeh North Miami Beach Cooper City and prestigious Tendale Neil Roger This is This is the Neil Roger show Who's a good boy This is your brain Who's a good boy any questions He I want to end up with a tube Pointed by God I'm going to voice up the right and I got bus A truck-evil hookster that's wealthy at white and she got bus me I Will never come to an end It pays to kiss the asses of powerful man and believe me my friends or anyone else they get five years to change They deserve a good boy But I So what I got higher some humiliation back and got busted Who can send a log as full of pain in my back? You're still got busted But you've been after me since 2003 I'm a victim of the fast blibble conspiracy And now I have a munchout like Larry King I got busted by friends But I'm back from your old house Three thousand dollars What's that? Well All right, tell me what the one now does anything to be of some of those will you? Open it out Hey, so I'm going to pop another one right just one number three here mine goes on and says I'm a small business owner I never heard any legal immigrant see he makes a better argument for us than we could make I never heard an illegal immigrant not because I don't sympathize with their plug because it's wrong Huh, right? I believe if you want to handle illegal immigration you have to find a jelly imporers Is not exactly what we even said as a liberal concerns citizen I see what this does to our communities wages are kept right officially low because there's such a large labor force of people loan to work at her below poverty level wages Well, Larry, you got thanks for the great argument For if our current administration's will be we export our jobs to India Pakistan cashmere or many other places of the globe aren't we better off keeping those jobs here and having those people spending their mergers Their meager wages here No, well, we're better off doing is paying people a living wage and not giving you to slippers or something across the border illegally and taking the slap over the spillover From Latin America where there's so many flavors and are reproducing like rabbits and working under the table and not adding to the tax base Right that is correct number five These illegals use up our well for medical benefits and social security both smithies is first of all We don't have medical care even for Americans how sad that is that's correct Let's talk about that more often I've seen many people's pay for a fake social security number This is a real number from maybe a dead person just to get a job They get a job pay taxes contribute to SS. I'm sure a lot of money and in the end these people can't claim anything because they worked out It would assume name or number more common than you think and again another example of breaking law first They come illegally and then they buy fake social security breaking the law again and by the way the medical services They go to a free hospital like Jackson then they don't turn anybody away see you That is subsidized by type not to mention the education system where we're required to educate their children Right which part of the reason why I'm in California other places to clear the classrooms are so overcrowded Now here here comes this is the jackpot I don't want to say you're living in a cocoon hair mom because I don't know you he says I don't know how you both became American citizens Let me answer the question very simply I was born. Oh Interesting, huh and I love because I do know Neil is Jewish I see and his family probably was exiled maybe now I don't know for sure I don't understand about Jews who were exiled. I don't know what that means In other words Nazi refugees is what he's applying now running away from the night. No My my grandparents came long before April Hitler or long before the rainy Nazis Long before any of that crap and they came through Ellis Island and they were became American citizens through the legal process Right a platform citizenship and they passed a test how I have no idea and they became citizens My parents were born in this country and I was born this country. That makes me an American citizen Hermann then he goes on to say George was probably born in the West after his family was granted exile from Cuba No, no I was born there and I came here legally after waiting almost two years to do so. There you go So a lot of misinformation here mom because you assume a lot of things the thing I admire most about both of you Is that you want to be away against the grain and speak honestly about issues that are especially important in South Florida And now here comes another part that I found most Disturbing I've been in both Israel and Cuba Please don't tell George I guess about the Cuba part. Oh, whatever I won't tell you I find it amazing that Israel has 120 political parties and policy is debated Why must Americans use only to do the lacood line anybody who disagrees anti-Semitic? Why must we maintain an embargo against Cuba but only hurts the darker people acting Cuba It appears to be a racist policy. Oh it only hurts the darker people I never knew that and then you know that Well that's all this luck there you know. There's not a white people talk about alien and And Luis Miguel. I don't know kind of straightward. Why if most Cubans are immigrating or risking the Florida stretch Reconomic game not political freedom do we let them stay in sentations in Central Americans back? Well, he these are a lot of rhetorical questions because he's just feeding me back a lot of stuff that I've said for years So I don't know where the big this the big debate then he says I'm getting off the subject now you're talking I'm on I really want to read the whole thing because he went to a lot of work to write this 85,000 word to essay Before 1962 when JFK admitted immigration laws it was practically impossible to immigrate from southern Europe African all the Americas including Mexico, which is North America Yeah, people came yeah, that's the problem in Latin America too many people They came all right most of those people came here illegally found the Laura straighten after status and brought their families That's what my father did something that he never would have been able to do for his little town in Espania their families grew up became citizens and served their new country and learned to love it and then Bush came along to destroy everything Okay, you get to play we are Americans were patriotic we love our country, but we have forgotten not forgotten how we got here And don't want to do our opportunity shut to what the people that's why we're on the streets. Oh he's on the streets So he's like that he was one of those silly people out there in the streets Kevin's video behalf of lawbreakers along with Sam I don't I don't even want to waste my time without them okay, but the fact that you told me that is so the press Seriously this radio station is just right right from the evening before we went on the area You know you told me things and I thought to myself Wow, you know, George is overreact staring. He just dramatic and just you're right In an immigrant in the last paragraph I promise immigration is truly an experience that lasts a lifetime We don't expect you to understand it just as our children won't but it is life changing. He's extremely emotional I don't think I'll ever outlive it. It's difficult for me to understand how people dismiss it is a minor event It's not a minor event. No, it's a minor event people like you said wait a long time to come in here I believe we have quotas for very light and we and they have to wait It is not mine. It's very difficult even when it's legal. Oh, I see that's why just said if you were lucky enough Not to have experienced it be thankful and please support the immigrants legal and illegal No, I won't let's report lawbreakers And he's a war for us to border America can't be the the dumping ground for everybody in the world who's oppressed and the can't find a job because they live in a country run by a bunch of slime balls and crooks So they come to America, which is a country run by a bunch of slime balls and crooks I don't care if somebody's putting in line at the bank. I hate line cutters and rulebreakers like that He says please support the immigrants legal and illegal not because you support illegal immigration But because these people are really living at the edges of our society often very far from their families Could you imagine yourself doing that? Could you imagine what would drive you to do that? Keep up the good words. Yes, her man They're done that but we did it legally Yeah, family got separated. We had to wait years for the other people to come through legally Look at poor little alienito baby In this mother diet see that's right on that rubber raft right mama died at sea. How do you like that and by the way? He's back in Cuba We don't hear him complain and he's not getting his happy meal every day Which means it'll probably had 15 20 years to his life minimum and they're whining and dining him in the family And the one Miguel and the whole deal are like superstars now Super star Charlie superstars Comey pinko superstar poster children who by the way on Monday may first celebrated Mayday and the bearded one made a long Impaction speech by the beep that it would put it up and Communists to come in is to see so the fact that the organizers of this fraud that was perpetrated on a public on Monday The organizers selected May 1st I just like who do I said I think there is more than just symbolism there. That's just a quenky think we got a thousand votes This is only 1109. Can you believe that? I believe it Mark this down on your wrist okay Make it send a memo to all departments 1000 votes on Wednesday May the turd who Friday's ill sync with a mile Yeah, I think you know there was I told it was a documentary on last night. It was on I don't remember what channel about Child prostitution in Mexico. It was enough to make you cry screen give very angry and just go nuts And this is what happens the unwanted masses all these children all these babies that like just the positive on the streets My people are reproducing that people without a brain sluckers Good obedient Catholics and of course like I said the Pope and his predecessor somebody worse Worse dispenses of misery and suffering and death and poverty in the universe okay, and it all goes back again to that religion crap. Oh, yeah We're just to make all the babies make the Pope happy. No use those condoms because you'll burn in hell for sure For sure And now that we're thinking that just like they had everything galile. Right good thing they were never wrong Just like they had everything macaroni and cheese on Friday, you know Just make it up as they go along until the public just won't put up with it anymore Just like the whole thing with moving all those child molesting priests from perished of perish from here to there Like like on a chessboard just moving this piece over here in that peenthing they're all getting a piece Little boys and girls. That's what they were getting a piece of thousand and four votes. What's your take on sports talk radio excellent polliniel. Thank you very much. I liked it I listened to occasionally told it in 12 occasionally. It's run its course same old Schmidt 164 and now we got instead of like four five guys talking we got like eight or nine or ten guys 15 20 guys talking Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop a shag shag how about those eat like that's how about his marlins Why stop losing again? shag shag Me check to bed to go whatever that means me to lean shift to bed. We go. I sure hope not. I Love it. Listen to life as sports talk 163 16.2% so we're up to like 37% I'll listen to the occasionally or a lot a little goes a long way 153 little luck about That's enough. It's for sports in our zone a hundred and thirty hundred and not turn it man I hate it like poison the hundred eleven. I hate sports 51 and I hate this poll 20 But we got a thousand four votes. So forget about those numbers yesterday and the bonuses we didn't get we got a thousand votes man What's more important getting the bonus money or getting the thousand votes on a poll? Nothing he's thinking about it. I did think about it long time You might be might as well say getting the thousand votes on a poll because at least we already got that you're not getting any bonus So you know might as well take what you got and ain't much it's not gonna put any money in your in our pockets But hey look at what we're doing man thousand votes That's more people that are listening to the day parts a thousand Especially in 1912 plus how can you do a zero point four on a station like this? Would I create signal we used to have before could I put that crank that thing up? By the way, you'd notice that not one maybe they're discussing with you now one person is sitting from inside other than the colors Have said one word to me about that technical situation which word about the signal about the Yeah, no I asked about it a while back and that's what that's what I got that's how we know about the state department and they said how to be But about how's your internet situation going must not be too bad because Josh got the Suncental thing You got that very important time Jacob. I think thank you so much little Tommy man You continue to be a jerk like I really care that he wrote a big piece about 40 what tell? What what difference does it make he's going off here anyhow? He wrote two big pieces on 40 he did he just gave you a sentence in the second one Wow he wrote two big pieces about 40 leaving while 100 just just a sticky, you know, just a stick in that I'll show you a thing or two I'm gonna leave today and we'll see how many pieces you write about that my last day time see a time to retire 14 past 11 to a month. I think that my reflects works fairly well I'm gonna go out and get that miracle ice all right No, I know that that's good stuff because not only was it a sponsor way back then, but I used it I forget what I was rubbing on but something probably sub-rosa a speaking of hot nasty days that are coming up I'm gonna be going on for months and months all the way through September and even October What's better than staying cool uncomfortable all summer long? How about getting you an instant $1200 cool cash rebate on the world smartest air conditioner the five star edition of the carrier infinity system And to make things even better free you can give this family the system from Royce air and heat Where they've been taking care of track-out of your families for three long generations as the carrier factor Authorized either Royce guarantee you're out of percent satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier The people who invented their conditioning have not come up with a carrier infinity system the best one ever the carrier infinity system Actually performs a daily diagnostic check and that adjusted self for maximum efficiency and Speak and drive to maintain maximum efficiency on your corridor Commissioner the smart thing to do is to join the Royce air and heat comfort club Plus you they come to your home and spread in tune up your system if you ever have any kind of a problem with your AC You'll enjoy a priority same-day service and 10% off on any needed repairs all of this For just $110 a year so what do you choose the two speed infinity system of furon or peace of mind all year round with a comfort club Make the smart choice to Royce tourists believe you me. You don't want to be without AC for five minutes During the sweltering summertime and most of the year in South Florida call Royce air and heat and Tom Nage and Neil Tordid Call toll free 1-800-3770-075. That's rice our OIC Royce air and heat 1-800-3770-075 This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 First I said they hit three dollars a gallon by the start of the summer, but guess what if you're one of the people You mean it the prices you see now just wait You 1967's most exciting program Another fantastic concept like it could be four dollars this summer Yesterday driving it was less than a dollar a gallon now Failure Oh You have to wonder what's gonna happen here are we gonna be talking about five dollars a gallon? Look at that two Pennsylvania season drop gas prices by the minute 10 more minutes. I'd say a 18 cents Class of years always a couple of cents cheaper than the other local stations the one-upmanship goes on today I'm gonna drop down 10 cents in the past five minutes to the air now to see the traffic car stretch on and on Imagine how much gas that's a wasting idol line I was in one of the time and how much is your time more get them into the gas of the world a few cents I would say about 30 man 37 Thompson of capital hill blue dot com Georgia's favorite website rights George W. Bush and American Hitler to which I would say In George's W. Bush's petty pathetic partisan world laws he doesn't agree with don't have to be a bade Congressional actions that differ from his political agenda can be ignored and the constitution of the West is just a GDP So paper Charlie Savage at the Boston Globe brought this point home son They went to revealed Bush's choice to ignore more laws passed by Congress than any president in history Appending more than 750 laws with signing statements that's the imperfect he doesn't give a damn what the law says because you'll do Whatever he pleases a wartime present and commander in chief Of course it doesn't matter to hand that he became wartime present because he lied out his ass to justify illegal invasion on Iraq I love that he lied out his ass Yeah, it's just to find illegal invasion on Iraq based on fake intelligence and a determined policy of ignoring facts to disprove his lies with every revelation We learn more and more what a dangerous desperate Bush is a mad man with a power to wage word will Destroy the constitution on a whim and invoke its own person his own perception of unchecked presidential power By ignoring the system of checks and balances that used to impart our system of government used to be Sadly nobody in Congress of the court has the balls to stop the American Hitler He rides rough shot over laws of the land safe in the assumption that his arrogance will even opponents Cowering and fear and an apathetic populist willing to wait until 2008 to rid itself of this test ring boil on the body politic I'm not sure we can wait with every passing day we say elected official by some He has a printed success they missed more than one of every 10 bills he signed He agrees to a compromise the numbers of Congress all of them are there for a public bill signing ceremony But then he takes back those compromises and more often than not without the Congress or the press of the public knowing what has happened Said Christopher Kelly a Miami University of Ohio political science professor who studies executive power Political science has George Harley who served in both the Nixon or Reagan administrations where presidential power became major issues Says Bush's action place to country on a dangerous course Presidential authority wants to soon to sell them or like wish the Constitution for the other one rich Eognition of the laws that govern his actions Harvey said, but this president either will based or pulls his oath to support the Constitution He sees the document is an obstacle to his power and his chosen to ignore it If no one else is willing to uphold the Constitution and it becomes as a Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez has written and outdated document And places this Republican grave peril Harley believes this nation faces more than a battle for which political party controls the White House and or Congress This is now a battle for the soul of America He says the very future of this republic me well rest their mother anyone can or will stop towards W Bush grave peril Sounds like that's your QA and we're in grave peril. Yeah, where what you think of that? Yeah, that's good boy. What are we gonna do about this? I think you have yeah nothing you're right take the money in the bank baby Like I said they created this, you know, I'm gonna see I need to be the program. I need to help. I'm calling for help Like Lee Harvey Oswald said somebody step forward and ask this me while I recommend drugs or hypnotherapy We're calling both let me try some drugs me if my shoulder and I feel better 142 votes on a poll maybe I'm telling this sports talk rate is where it's at did not tell you that these various LD these subformat they kind of run their course like remember the baseball card station? No, oh How about the East End collecting station? Oh, that was a favorite show. Oh, God. I love that Once you're take on sports talk radio 149 votes now. I listen occasionally two to two we got a two two two 1201% listen occasionally. I love it. I listen a lot 174 37.6% either love it or like it That leaves 63% of the categories. You know, that's that's not too good It's run its course same old smith 170 like Yeah, a little goes a long way 158 a little babble to you. It's for sports nerds only 135. I hate it like poison 118 that's really mean spirit. I understand that that's what I voted hate it like toys 118 I hate sports 52 and I hate this pool only 20 so I'm in the 20 I like that All right Speaking of that award winning QM line if we got guilty to a game Yeah, I want to see where an era both the ordinary I'm sure when clearance was in this morning I was even about guilty. Yeah, the sounds of silence Not a word Like he had locked you off including Eric Reed talking to his teacher. He had locked you all 3 30 with guilty And I got four to six 30 a tough two and a half hours Marlins on direct a deck Six 30 Marlins on the Washington Nat so that's at Washington tank out We'd have to complain about bad attendance in time to rogue game, right? Yes, so it's so it's here 705. Maybe that's a team they can be you think so And Curtis Stevenson follows the Marlin game Is a meal rather solid this is by 16 team Yeah Here's a gift for my mommy. I wish you die you showed up drunk at my school when I was five Because you're such a slut. I grew up with no daddy and you drive me on my head And I was three I'm singing you left beer bottles in my crib at night And the time you slept with my best friend Why? Doesn't that this just one thing that I want to say? Have a happy In Mother's Day Well said 1132 at 5.60 by the way. Thank you Mr. President that way for those low gas prices, but for that strong American dollar Oh my god, you know the Canadian dollars now over 90 cent. That's embarrassing. It's not good news for this kid. I'll tell you that my first came up here For a little over four years or was 62 cent 62 cent announced over 90 The euro was around 111.17 while back now it's up to like 127 and the British pound which was like 137 for a long time Is now closing it on a buck 90 almost double. I still have Mr. President the crappy American dollar It's not worth the dime because you've been incredible deficits and trade deficits But nevertheless, not as you know what it cares about that why do we care about that when we got those rapists to the cross players It do that's right. What's going on with that story? What's going on with that? And what's going on with all these lost erases and lost Rubber chicks and all this other garbage. That's the important stuff keep your eye in the balls baby. That's where it's at keep your eye on it Let's take about 400 calls 567.0.560 Tom five 60. I will win bag yay or nay thumbs up or thumbs down Man if we can get a lot more heat intensive Thank you I shouldn't say that because there are hits where games to tune. All right, yeah Yeah, so if they win that series which they won game over that means it continues. Yeah, I wish that would just lose already Just get it over with not that I care what we're the other I don't reform or again And because I'm interested in that crap, but it just just get it over with so we can talk about important stuff like the Marlins WKOM hello I hate the morning. Yeah, okay I'm gonna feel So how do you like that see my second powers again? I hate the Marlins. We're already talking more about the Marlins 567.0.560 and we hate you two by the way in time 560 the Verizon singular wildest line That was David Samson doing a voice just trying to stir the pond if you stir it if you sit for up to see George. Oh, that's right Somebody Q a m hello Q a m I'm talking to you speaking Hello, yes, sir last night on The Daily show which on Stuart battle and all black was on yeah, and she was awesome She basically said that Bush It's feels that he it's God's will that he's in the White House and that he doesn't have to Question anything or anyone because whatever he does is right because it's basically your gains of my God Right and said that they had this meeting of 13 prior You know White House chiefs secretary of state everything. They thought it was gonna be a I can't it turned into a briefing and he basically told them how great everything was going in our lack in the whole bit And that a great job he's doing what you finally got in front of them She told him to breathe that they had no access strategy that didn't have enough troops when they went in He was anticipating dancing in the streets and Didn't know if it had any of flowers man that's exactly right and basically when she She said she wasn't gonna be a pilot plan. She was gonna tell him how she felt he basically told them Well, like five out this agree that the president similarly dismissed her. Oh, it was really a great interview You go, Madeline. Yeah, she's she was hot. We need more Okay, thanks, Bally. Bye good luck to you Who what do you say but But but but five six seven. Oh five sixy there's always a big butt That's over middle of everything, okay? I think Madeline might have one or so and Pound five six to leave a rise in say that a wireless line he said Madeline was hot I don't I don't believe that part of it, but the rest I agree with WQAM hello Tuesday about a side is kind of a loser QAM hello You know to what he mess Okay You know I'm a You But he's trying to say she got his part of the shipment a little bit late. I He's talking about the cafeteria Santa Rita is what he's talking about am I gonna play it? Oh no How many QAM hello QAM three Sorry to tell me oh yeah I just got back from Florence Italy. I was standing at Broadway and I Would on a weekend trip and I was just his name jumped out up randomly with somebody I was telling you what I started to be He can tell him All the way literally well you're talking to him. Well, how what anybody bring up my name and Italy? Nobody there knows me guess again Well, I would on this weekend trip to Tinguittara In Northern Italy and I was with four other people that I was living with in Florence and My primary to tell me this random story some interesting staff and See Random stories Yeah, I forgot it's really interesting where we hear that and so like well actually My dad always listen to this crazy guy in Miami on the radio and I was like really I was like What's his name and she kind of think of your name right away? And I was like is it Neil Rogers and And yeah That's me that that's him and here we are Hypeen on his father or hi in Tinguittara and we had a talk about you Neil and I was like my dad Loved him my girl. We're sleeping him going to work with my dad my dad to sign painer I thought it was It's like interesting thing that you might want to hear that you're See talk about all the way over In other words, he loved me in Italy, they don't have to pick on me in Florida anymore, but they love me in Italy I love you all over the world, me all right Thanks, we don't know problem every day. I still a way go Thanks, I do Ciao How do you like that? Okay, I'm thinking of Tanya baby in Tanya baby in Tanya Zara, wherever it helps you is talking about somewhere else 1980 votes on the pool. Yeah, we got people listening all over the world of course in the building We don't have any way listening They're listening in Italy, baby. They're monitoring and Saudi Arabia. They're wearing heads over there I think that the you know when we look at that on the stats page It's got to be troops US troops over there, isn't it? Right, I'd imagine yeah That's I mean those ragheads Saudis we certainly hope that they're not listening because we're gonna kind of get you Bancets I'll tell you that right now, maybe they're just monitoring hope that bandar bush really enjoys his A falafel at lunchtime today, of course, it's a way ahead at dinner time Because I got news for you man. We're gonna go in there. We're gonna hook a bar two for your oil fields and we're gonna as sorry. We're gonna have like 12 cents again Just like in Venezuela three cents a leader because they do it by the leader there like the rest of the world is opposed to the US Which does everything their own way? Three cents a leader in ten-a-thaway off for gas. I mean like that. I'll take it take me to your leader You go chav as for president, baby, and they're not in Cindy she and man. I got to she's got more balls in one arm than This whole government's gotten her whole damn ass. So it's scary, you know He's got balls under E-turn pit just probably like donnish a lately too. That's probably why don't I got so p-o to about those billboards We hand up there. That's disgusting the University of Miami. This might have been connected with a billboard campaign It says we've got balls take our Thing off of their right away and so we'd like to build boards up and we just took the U.M. a logo off which I thought yeah, there was one of the bossiest things we ever did Exit player that was a good idea of course that was the previous regime Lock it in and hold it But I still got some non-scamoles Don't give up my In the question the top right do member off the heart Don't give up my In the patient won't nobody x for my green card Don't give up my in the way of wisdom My immigration is They want me to go away Don't give up my In the patient who's gonna work with this kind of pain Don't give up my The water ran your whole nation My other Look at that U.S. civilian contractor to others killed their NASA rear rack everything I thought was going well over there. Oh, we're fine. Things going really well 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and a grids and sing it around us on 14 till noon already What is thing is just flying by you know it seems like you only sat down here what 20 30 hours ago at least 5 6 I just give the number out. I'm giving it again because I don't see too much happening on there And we want to take a real flurry. Don't we how about those? Sabers huh What a spanking they give the flyers last day and that obnoxious Bobby Clark. Oh, I love it Oh my god, I watched two seconds of that Really well because my friend is from Buffalo and he cared about it. Sabers kicking ass baby I ripped you out of right. We just ballistic by he was great as always and then of course What was the other game on Caroline nothing to be fined and went by Caroline is a limited those anxious Montreal frog Canadians All you hockey people on there you must really be in having a field day WQ I am hello Q I am Yes, sir, amen. I hear you call it calling in and Like well the thing to do is not to care about these things like the oil and all this oil is something Here, Mike and another thing can do about it. Yeah, is like for example me I switched to a motorcycle 50 dollars Say 50 gallons, you know 50 miles per gallon When that's done, I'll switch to a try cycle right and with a dollar it's more or less old Just push past that gun law, so then you know everything will work out and yeah, it just won't kill some people right Yeah, you just go out and take what you want that's right now you know And walk wherever you want to take what you are like mad max and that's the way to do it But it's a more they care as the less it's done and yeah nothing everything will continue on the same path to go Wow at least at least these people are flat under gums a little bit You know, it is a postages during their himnusand that's all I can say remember to make in sounds like like you're just me Down the same path to the way right. That's correct Yeah, so they stormed the bus deal nothing's gonna get done like kind of like as you're a QA man down the same path You ever watch water go down the drain And it just accelerates and speed you like down a bathtub and you can faster and faster I'll see if the okay around okay okay That was just thinking about about sub analogy through it Now I'm I'm talking about that I'm talking about like in a bathtub or like in a sink sure you fill up the sink and then you push that little plunger thing in and You open it up and then a water goes out and you watch it and it goes faster and faster and that's us And these people are still like but I mean, you know, and I'd like to see before I'm not gonna get all done out of shape Because nothing we can do but it's just like just amazing to me that they're just they haven't got a clue Although we got guilty at two which rhymes with Who as speaking to that here is the real here's the promise here is the best part And thanks to ever sent this to him now here's the fact we got this morning. It was worthwhile as Supposed that Bonnie the kept sitting in a stupid as five page facts over and over well Well, well, why do they think if they think they facet like 40 times that it's gonna 40 times better chance We're letting on their facts, but she neither computer software to keep retrying if it gets canceled But what what do you mean me trying if it gets a Yenseled like so I'm going to be over there and cancel it No, no, it's gonna start over from the beginning See that's your first mistake. Yeah, I canceled and why just not to fight five pages is better than like 80 But you never know when they've got that setting set there until Come through it. We're gonna find Bonnie and just kick her ass. You know, I think you ask that's right Here's the story though pool a third of you. It's can't find Luziana on the map a third but by the way that wasn't facts that was emailed Well, it's not email how's your a degenerate response from Norma? No, no almost noon It's it's about 10 minutes before noon and this is the game that we keep going through day and after day If you wonder why just we saw the exasperated and the palpitated and forming it them off Yeah, you can't get answered anything and like I said before if you don't get a response by noon I'm not sending him any more money. I was gonna take care of your deal I owe him a little bit more for this year. I'm just not gonna send him to my waiting town. Good ready I got I got plenty of cash right now, man. I got I'm swimming in a sea of cash I'm drowning in it, but he ain't getting any because he keeps playing this game if he's got your contract Why does he email me about a why does need we turn your old call messages and why does he email you and respond to the email That you send him at the proper email address yesterday your George because he doesn't lot of talk to me Well, why does he keep telling me that he wants to talk to you so that you're at the money air? We want to jackass what a faggot you're fair. God Anyway, can I get back to this is a very important story? Is it? And your hockey would his normal Kencrap some silly S pansy with his flame boy and lifestyle Yeah, I'll fly and boy in my ass his ass. What I heard Despite the wall-to-wall coverage of the damage from hurricane Katrina nearly a third of young Americans recently pulled of couldn't locate Louisiana on a map And early half were unable to identify Mississippi So you can understand Mississippi because Mississippi and Alabama are side by each and they look for a much alike accept their facing in different directions But Louisiana. I mean Louisiana like sticks right out there in the golf you know, it protrudes Americans between the ages of 18 and I like Florida You know, Florida is very distinct it's six down there into Caribbean and it's like the Pinesi Pitt, Pinesi La Americans between the ages of 18 and 24 for even worse with four locations Six out of ten couldn't find a rack according to a rope or pull conducted for national league revic They couldn't find a rack Give them a cup of center road map and they still couldn't find it. They couldn't find their ass with your hands Let's see it's 18 to 24. Well, some of maybe we'll give it a shot Geographic illiteracy impacts our economic rubbing geographic illiteracy a man and ain't getting no better Relationships with other nations and the environment isolated system the world national geographic president John Fehi What if he's akin to billfe? Said announcing a program to help remedy the problem. It's hoping to endless businesses non-profit groups and educators in a bid to improve geographic literacy Planned is a five-year multimedia campaign called my wonderful world that will target children 8 to 17 The goal is to motivate parents and educators to expand geographic offerings in school at home and in their communities They'll have their task cut out for them judging by the results of the survey a 510 people's interview in December January among the findings Zion America, baby a third of respondents couldn't pinpoint Louisiana and a map and 48% unable locate Mississippi with it without a banjo one Their knee You know a request we've recited to treat to beat your feet on a Mississippi mud Fewer than three intent to get important to know locations of countries in the news and just 14% police Speaking of the languages actually what Rick we've recited is that that was a terrible thing But since he and his wife are both dead can I say it on here? Say what I don't know what you're gonna say that he was getting more action when he moved to Mississippi than he was when he was married Oh, yeah, he did say that. Yeah, I mean, you know, that's an incentive thing to say when your wife is died But she was dead anyways if she didn't care and he's dead right Fewer than and it also the we root causes dead and the way I'm feeling now with my neck I think pretty soon. I'm gonna be dead then timeshick all right a big piece of all that Neil man He was really a fewer than three intent to get important and I only had one call about my neck today And I was a guy with a yellow as a good one about mineralized. I thought I'll have to get going I was good. Thank you sir. There's a guy that cares rest of these people call us and indifferent That's the soft-floor f and way Fewer than three out of ten think it's important or locations of countries in the news That that's pathetic fewer than three in ten and just 14 percent police speaking another language is a necessary skill Oh, speaking another language like English you mean right two thirds didn't know that the earthquake It killed 70,000 people in October last year occurred in Pakistan Six out of ten couldn't find Iraq on a map of the Middle East While the outsourcing of jobs that this is just I I would just want to cry want to fall in the flow and Just cry while the outsourcing of jobs to India has been a major US business story 47 percent couldn't find the Indian subcontinent on a map of Asia I think it would have a relapse it over a few years we get a story like this So you think oh, I think it no better. Yeah, you think that somebody's going to rest that I don't know this is what they want though the powers that be this is exactly I'm stupid baby keep them watching a lot of crap keep watching Survivor Canada. What while Israeli Palestinians left has been the news for the entire lives of the respondents 75 percent weren't able to locate Israel on a map of the Middle East oh Nearly three quarters incorrectly named English is the most widely spoken native language as opposed to say like Sanskrit Six intended not know the border between North and South Korea is the most heavily fortified in the world Here this this right here. This is the best 30 percent off the most heavily fortified border was between the United States and Mexico Over there, they keep showing his toilet there on CNN. What if that's part order is the man lead of the relative to Walmart Yeah Stranger by the food advice when there's a glue-toting criminal on the loose I think there's some pretty sick people out in the world to do something as strange as that What the person did is leave glue on a toilet seat at this southern Walmart store The shop or god help only after a store employee enters the bathroom and heard the 20-year-old man pounding on the stall door Now the fire department responded here to the Walmart they didn't just transports a patient though They transported the toilet seat too that had to be removed at the hospital They were all get off people around town are talking about it You need to be sure now but may seem like a prime is no joke to police back on April Fool's day a similar incident That time that's 39-year-old man was a victim if not funny We do take it seriously So seriously that the person responsible could go to jail good. Thank you a five-found them. I think you're ass right Loan somebody's ass to a toilet seat shame on you anyway Again a 30% of the most heavily fortified borders between the US and Mexico I guess that that was before our Monday. Yeah, it's vitamin fortified maybe joining in the effort to improve geographic knowledge We'll be the four-way to American Federation of Teachers Asia Society F-to-seastive American geographers the NBA F- National Council of Al-La Rosa National PTA these necessarily instant others geography exposure children and adults neighbors Cultures different ideas and the exchange of algebra from around the world said Anna Maria Westlac present the national PTA We can't pay them make sure our children get their geographies and they become from a given other culture during their school years and Completely and confidently a global economy Right This is Mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q-8 And now some definitive reasons why 24 rules and the soprano's First Jack Bauer intimidates and interrogates witnesses This is what you got to talk to him a grand-time you while telling soprano each Chinese food with his wife I don't know about you. I never feel to be found this place Catch myself and decide things up. Me too Sometimes going six Jack Bauer of ducks witnesses and threatens to kill them Make a sound Wow veto talks about his workout routine five minutes and knowing client Then I switched to full-up film my cottage Jack Bauer worries about the most important vehicle in the United States Wow the sopranos shows the portion kind is this the new Porsche client Turbo I got the full point five lead of V8 But sure about the color choice of the shot I love it. It's gorgeous What a car Jack Bauer gets pissed While Tony soprano goes to his shrink you try to smother your mother with a pillow I'd rather pillow Keep my hands up and these are just a few other reasons why 24 rules and the sopranos You know I finally rate self diagnosis. Yeah, that's my QA malaches That what it is because it's only when I'm in this room. I feel really For happy I'll get up and walk around like I'll just walk in the you know out of here Maybe that's what I've been suffering from man and I felt pretty good and then I came back in here and say down all of a sudden my neck, you know my shoulder Yeah, aches and pain. I think it's good malargy. Gotta be psychos schematic psychos schematic Could be it we got 113 votes on here my god. That's pretty impressive. Yes, me 1130 That's more listeners than we have in some day parts all week And some gay parts There's a great story coming over that's a special interest to you and I Yeah, well, it's time to sound sent. I hate to break the news to you that the So I can click you saw already I was on the news on something about the drugs. Yeah. Oh, they're then who cares Maybe that's why it's not printing out yet. Oh, no. It's important in a big-to-crupped trafficking Mexico to allow you some most drugs. I clicked the To print it like during the break early part of the break. It's still not doing it That's how much luck. I'm gonna have a witness to some central website. It sucks. So uh, they're oh and that now Now it's gonna print you want to know how I know that how do you know that because this particular printer Facts et cetera it's plugged in the same outlet is one light. I haven't a wall Oh, and it's gonna print like they look here's a little bit It's sort of flickering light. It's throttle flickering light And so now's printing out it so be loud because it'd be bad on my neck to after we let off the computer You know after that monitor. Oh, it is a lovely monitor. It's my nice new NEC monitor. I told you about I think I don't replace all of these monitors. You know of course that would indicate I may plan on being here more than a month Mexican president speaking of more than a month man It's not too far from the middle of June and of course at that point at when I go and vacation and come back to that summer schedule And Georgia's on Monday Wednesday and Friday. Oh, yeah, that's what I'm holding on for man I'm hanging on for the summer schedule And then I'm gonna hire a hitman and gonna hire a Luca Brassie to go and clean that place out do some serious work and I join Have I the way noonist come and gone have you received an email from Norma? No, although let me check right now Yeah check it right now. I just checked it again. There was an email from Tom pain.com But nothing from Norma Ken you're fairie so Oh I guess it means I can have a wild day at the wood by and a day. I can just go nuts I have to worry about that extra cash for Norma. He must be pretty flush Mexican president Vacentifox who's a real gangster in a crook will sign a bill that would legalize the use of nearly every drug in our Cotic sold by the same Mexican cartels He's found the fight to bring his five years in orifice a spokesman say yesterday and you already saw this story Right, but I want to know more. Oh, well, they'd be selling it in stores Well, here's a list and can I order it through the internet? The list of illegal drugs approved for personal consumption by Mexico's cow. Oh, we're gonna be seeing a reversal of that trend across the Mexican border I have oh, yeah They're gonna be Come on down the list of illegal drugs approved for personal consumption by Mexico's Congress last week It's enough to make somebody busy or worse Says salmon weekdays this to a herd nearly times. We put it across the Sun's settler cocaine heroin LSD marriage oeony PCC Opium synthetic opiates mescaline peody Silosavid mushrooms, which have no idea what magic might be most for the herd and Fedamines mess and Fedamines and the per person amounts of proof for possession by 1818 roller could easily turn any college party into an all-nighter half a gram of coke couple of extra sea pills several doses of LSD a few marijuana joints as Beautiful a heroin apart from gene peri tree five grams of opium on more than two pounds of peody the host and genetic cactus Not to have for the perks that's right the law would be among the most permissive in the world putting Mexico in the company of the Netherlands Oh, no need of lines Did I mention on the era about the piece that I saw it was I think was on NBC news a couple nights ago about the immigration thing Nope, and they were talking about countries that have very strict much strip of immigration policies like the Netherlands and they were showing that There's a two-hour video that you have to watch and then pass the test before you're allowed to oh We were talking about it. I don't know if you did mention it on the end. I think was on the ear though the tolerance video there Yeah, and for example of people from like the Middle Eastern countries like from Turkey and Semero Schmothans They were saying oh, well, we could never Passed that test because of our friends back home our families knew that we were living in that kind of a permissive society It would like reject us and turn us out though they had like men holding hands and kissing and probably nothing Anything about men holding hands. I showed I heard of they were well, that's absolutely wrong, okay? You have to go to Netherlands to see men holding hands. You can see that right here I know that okay was that they showed that on the video and say that this is the kind of stuff that goes on I'll be able to show the whole video I don't they showed and of course on NBC news they've blotted out the boobies, but they showed boobies and they showed Women's swimming naked and they showed the red light district and they showed the hookers which are a few blotted out things And they showed the people smoking big fat ones out there and he opened up on the damrack and then the guy got that But it would be put a bloop in there go back where you came from okay raghead Critics including US drug policy officials of course already are wearing that'll spray the domestic addiction problem Make Mexico a narco tourism destination even the Netherlands famous for coffee houses that sells small quantities of Poton marijuana and hashish forbids the possession cell of narcotics That is correct. Yeah Coke X to see Oh my god, it's just if you could if you could see those people I use the word people so loosely Well, maybe someday when you would dry scoda and student Amy were right let me look for those people. He talking about Now they're looking for use Have a feeling we'll find each other Columbia allows personal news of marijuana cocaine and heroin, but not LSD or PCP or TCV or T SOP selling drugs are using them in public would still be a crime in Mexico anyone Possessed it bro, I still could be helped for questioning by the police and of course when you go to jail in Mexico That was in that story they had about the child from uh Prostitution the other night yeah, they just throw your ass in there and you know Maybe you're gonna try maybe not in after awhile when you start to die There were two guys died in there although I think they deserve it anyone Possessed it bro, it's still be helped for questioning by police each day could impose fines even on they permitted quantities of ill stipulates But it includes no prison penalties. Maybe it'll slap on the wrist Maybe they'll take away your straw hat Law makers who voted for decriminalization some of whom have expressed maybe they'll pee in your Berito, I don't know some of them were expressed in price over the details of the bill said it would be the first time Empower the the first time to empower local police to make drug or vice and a law enforcement in general We'll focus on intercepting a large George shipment and major that this makes no sense at all. This is in the Sun suddenly It all all of it. This paragraph is totally a bonus The law constitutes an important step forward by the Mexican statements battle against drug dealing said at word on my dinam mora Secretary of public security and Mexico's top law enforcement officer President Charles spokesman ribbon Aguilar said to David Foxwood signed the measure calling it an important tool in the fight against drug trafficking Foxes avoided public comments in the bill denied the 10 news conference about my life. He's a crook Sylvia Berliscoly is out in Italy finally resounded it has yesterday. Sylvia Berliscoly another crook George W. Bush another crook Vladimir Valerie punte another crook Most of the people in charge all over steven harbour and candid another crook Should go on yeah, which? No, what do you want me? Yeah, what are you gonna do about it? You're for a boy How we gonna take yeah, we're gonna take a whole bunch of calls here, but then again here we get to this point now We got to wait for the delay delay five six seven five 60 and pound five six And the rise in singular water slime. What are you gonna do nice scholars boy? They want to give mixed up in the family business and now you want to go down a police cap and one because he's locked in a face a little bit The army we shoot him on my way you got to get a post like this But I've been your blood. It brings all over your life. I believe suit come in You're making a story Oh my god. I may have to watch that again this weekend all three parts. I may have to watch the unexperienced It's still is good. It's still ever just as good is good even from the opening scene Very very dark You know if there is any critique of that movie, but the only problem is that it's supposed to be that way Very dark and it already was hard to understand space. Especially now if I watch it now or my ears plugged up I probably could understand it. I believe in him Yeah WQAM hello WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I think I'm gonna move to Mexico Yeah, it sounds like it. I think I think I'm gonna rush They rush you regarding that expression. Thanks a lot, Neil. Okay, just saying about oxies and you know the great call that was in two bit ones in a row And you notice the other one who actually did make it attempt a few days ago to say something The first time in years a Since we're pushing up to call screenless he could say whatever and I'm gonna help you wanted to be at anything to say But it has nothing to say So this business about what you will put him on how many years since we were swinging calls about a hundred hundred right? Yeah, so obviously Co-bottle eyes you got nothing to say. I know what he's gonna say No, no, I know what he's gonna say. I have no life now probably not a good of a voice, but same-general just 155, but that's that's scary That's that station WNMA that there was that big piece in the hailed about about that Columbia and program and but they put it with a no-severting list They I guarantee they don't have about 155 listeners all over the world much less in South Florida WQA and hello No, I'll go over to The store we're smoking and drinking in one of my old boys brought you up now, like man I know the many dollars first I know was like many coolers in a full of best tone now So okay, great Yeah, good phone he asked me to say that the other day too. Yeah, yeah, quote by the told a bird's tone now Or oh, I think my next start act up again. They get to phone that I'm allergic to maybe she just take this whole phone system and just toss it out the window All those pigeons are out there dropping stuff on my patio Cut the white pigeons man. I just they are just nasty dropping Load It be for your birthday next you'll get to a BB cut good dropping a mole Mento Man Fact the other day I was like walking out of street and there was a Pigets are all over the place here. I guess any big city and and sometimes they're busy like you know Potsking around looking for like a piece of bread or something on the street They don't want to get out of the out of your way right? So I then they're walked into the amthing and it like flooded the way and I was sure as it flew over my head I was just waiting but didn't happen. You know, I kind of like accelerated my pace I thought it was gonna drop me a souvenir but didn't happen Did just out of spite you know, I think it's like a message like Joey Zazar gonna send me a message See what I tell you about Andy Garcia remember when he was like down there in a little In another little event where the hell was it? Are you a sense of a little event? I guess out of the family the really the Miami family was there? There's another example of the of the media the Miami family that whole alien business Well, what that was that? That's like the day without immigrants it's same crap the media comes up with these cliches Most of which are total distortions and lies and then they just keep pounding pounding You know, I wish that I could remember all the slogans they had under during the alien days, man They they are more the same crap. Remember that? But we sure could use that again. Oh my god. Let's let's have somebody else go out there in the ocean and float up on a rubber raft Okay, you you yeah, now you're too old son some punk and you could be like the next alien And we're like everybody whipped up and we have people calling in those same people that we never heard from again No Oh, it was great Hey, would lightning quick speeds latest featured in security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust and today You can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dialogue Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games We're just surfing your favorite sites and we can only imagine what they are Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet You'll get instant access to free features like the fan video mail Comcast gravity radio plus and up to seven personally email accounts just to be name and a few Not only that but you also get mac and feasibility tools included so you can be sure that you're gonna experience as always safe and secure So what you'd be waiting for man start doing more quicker than ever son up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months you wonder how you ever manage it without it in date call three or five Comcast and of course in prestigious nine five four Comcast This is new 516 They're coming up tonight on inside behind the true holidays a letter to music fire We're profancery He was in Genesis Then he went up on his own He might see it was the Genesis of the genius of a member of Genesis He was my kin of mechanics So Mike has this big hit in 1985 and he comes to me and says we need another one right away I got his no idea into the shop. I put on the lift and it's a mess Lee vocalist in mechanic bow keric And it was no real look the middle late was blown out the chorus was shot. I had a lot of the heart special I say look let me keep it alive like a year finally the mechanics return this song yet 10 times the original written estimate That what are you gonna do? These mechanics have you over a barrel Luckily it was a hit The mouth of press is on 1986 Mike wants a hit the years It's that sorry not gonna happen first of all your war is he's expired Unless you haven't replaced these notes that you've got this thing and he'd be here Finally in 1989 Mike went to pick up the song It went to number one The like says I'm overcharging he leaves he starts going to quick evil Those subs and it's fastest but he never had another hit so what is Mike in the mechanics Come on Mike what do you think you get a good mechanic you don't leave It's a big juicy something look at show business tonight Units I'm about right Boy talk about a morbid song man in the living years. Yeah, I wish I could have told you old man a few things in living years In fact, maybe you can make a comeback for five minutes. I feel like tell them a lot of things. Yeah, I give them a year full Oh, there you would you hear that little people take a lot blood sugar right now just I think I'm gonna live when you come right down to it That's the bad news for all the naysayers out there all the heat mongers. Oh, and you know what it says error Oh I don't have a big enough drop I'm Arlin Brian or just a drop Remember there right when it was sitting outside there when you put him over lunch just a drop He was he was so good in that movie that it defies it's just it just defies the man and I think that they almost didn't pick him I know who do they want? They want to James God kind of be the guy yeah and and copula had to fight They had a cop a couple of what had to fight to make it Well, I thought you said something else. I would have sworn you said something else. I said fight oh Something to give it a hint he had a fight for Marlon, right? It's not that's not too bad Not great not sensation lot perfect, but you know who the hell is perfect? Okay? In other words, I don't want to be too perfect live too damn long got too many of that too much that long Chivaly in my family treat you know my illegal alien family. That's right. Oh That hell you know good intentions. I'm sure in a good guy And he took a lot of time and effort to write that along which is why I read read it all right But wow, I mean just so much misinformation and so much same thing I want to attach themselves to the legal immigrants and pretend life there's no difference right VS man That's right after this Wednesday, maybe he maybe Maybe he had to go for his shock treatments when they really did because we have never moved and we go away when I'd count Anybody speaks like that ought to be reported anyway, okay speaking in glaze you idiot What would the baby talk straight? five six seven oh five sixty and And pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line. Let's take a real big flurry of coal Let's build it up for guilty I'm sure it's gonna be crumbling from that big heat victory last night Not too happy about the Marlins losing him, and they let's see they had a homestay in there of No, they lost them all. Yes, they did so over now because I got rock in the night They got swept by the rockies and then the fillies So it lost five in a row at home Including John Trell blowing a lady didn't blow it out there in the eighth inning and then they blew it Leave again last night got their ass kicked seven to five in front of six thousand six fifty two announced WKOM hello All right, that's six kneel please speaking Me me me me me me me yeah, okay He almost sounded normal until he found out he was on the earth and almost almost Yeah, almost like a human Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we can do it too Papa, I'm fact maybe I should get him back on it when he'd do it do it do it Do it I mean do what no WQAM hello Hey, yes, sir What's happening listen, I heard you just got back from Europe where'd you go exactly I did not could just get back from Europe There was lady was calling she said she just got back from Italy. I didn't just get back from Europe Okay, I did for that. I run your vacation. I just took I just came back from a first trip In Germany who's pretty nice I got back out. How many German in where like in a city or just down there? I went to number and Munich and I also went to Prague which There was a probably most beautiful city I've ever seen it's really gorgeous Definitely I would recommend going there check Republic man Prague not to fart not too far from Berlin's Metaver now come if you were in Germany and you went to Prague as well how could we didn't go to Berlin? I just time because I was only after for a week So that's where it's now and Berlin and Colone those are the two great cities in Germany You'll make your eyes fall out of your head I'm telling you Well, just time you on Get some of that good brown worst man some of that correct worst Okay Prague's heart is a man you can get a you can get a trash can full of beer out there for like 70 cents You've been in Prague no no, but I've heard oh Some of the somebody tells you something's about are you you better go over there and check it out for yourself I got a friend that's going to Prague you're August. I hear it's fantastic. Tell the bringbacks and beer Fantastic what a sexy booze and drugs. Is that what you're saying? This is a good vacation for me. Oh How about Amsterdam? I got 20 booze in fact you get up in a morning if you want to get up early Because you wouldn't be getting up before noon, but I do you get up like maybe nine thirty in a lot of around You go out and walking around Amsterdam and in nine thirty more and here's all these especially the brits There's sitting out there with house and they would have to not the green lizard place. That's mad dog's place. There's a place call It's right up it's right kitty corner from Machikita's dirty to keep his sex job Where they just have a bunch of big dill those hanging in the wind that like a birdie said But no, it's a very famous bar and I guess they got a restaurant, but who do I want to see the food and Amsterdam restaurant But is a dirty melody? No, that's a different one But anyway, they're all sitting out there and they're drinking a big Mugs of beer nine thirty ten o'clock in the morning. See one thing about a New York man I only they love their beer, but they get in early start Amsterdam Germany the same thing man Big big mugs of beer And you look kind of weird that Rick and Amsterdam Josh? I don't George knows China Ken that's it Town says no to bust the mermaid statue. Oh, I wonder if John Ascrop knows about this get the old sheet out and cover it up He's got several sheets He's in for different occasions the white sheets. We know what he uses those for Wellington Florida. Oh my god Wellington the big busted bronze mermaid the star and will not return to the Wellington community center A Wellington official has suck an effort to resurrect the life size C tempress at the center Artists Norman Gitson said the town must have gotten tired of the bad publicity the siren was the markings They've been at Wellington's inaugural art in pubic places for a win if you immediately attention and the What does that say on the score from it was very bad copy and the score in from a few residents early last summer because of a top heavy bust line The sculpture appeared on CNN had to mention in playboy Gitson added nipples to the statue last month while was on loan to Palm Beach International sculpture by annual and Wellington green The city warned Gitson to remove the nipples before returning the mermaid Gitson said he was negotiating to sell the nipples for charity auction Until he got a cup from a city official telling the siren was no longer needed My god, and we're talking about Europe and the US if you had any idea Even the difference between here and the US. I mean this this hysteria about nudity and about boobies and nipples and And all hey, boobies, you know I realize America's not a very old country, but it's time to grow up America already We're just going to back here and grow some good stuff. I mean cut the crap Jesus God Almighty. I mean even back in in the in the days of the Roman Empire They've told him who is also gay You know all those Michael Ansel of course he was also gay But you know it all those organs and nipples and boobs all the naked people man It all those all the girls in fact to be going to Europe and any any city worth it saw There's a whole bunch of naked statues after like in Rome all the piances piots of dollar But public up he out so this yeah, and there's all these naked statues out there and some of the founds for crying Out loud they got some little kid was like peeing in the fountain. That's where the water comes from so I'm drinking Oh my god Look at that they got they got charges in the church burning cases the 20 grand will says a state intent to make sure That justice will be had and you know justice So in Alabama they got to the gun anywhere Alabama's on the map right now next to Mississippi I thought it was the Oregon if you think you have termites in your home call our good friends It ridd it pest control to then get yourself our free termite inspection now is the beginning of the ugly nasty termites Even when they start chewing up everybody's house Ritted pest control uses that amazing orange roll tree when the kills termites enter my eggs a hundred percent on contact They're gone faster than even say a carabels a clown if you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them And you don't have to attend to your house. I've heard of this a million times Man, there's nothing more embarrassing than having to put a big circus tent on your home speaking a carabel and bozo the clown You don't have to tension your home when you call ridd it No worrying about poisonous gas no moving out or staying in hotels for days at a time No worrying about food to your pets in your health because they treat your home when it's amazing orange roll You don't have to leave it all in fact when they're done treating your property the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges for just a few days You'll feel like you're in citrus country It's true if you have a termite problem call ridd it pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil This treatment that kills termites and termites eggs a hundred percent on contact no tending no kidding No BS no games just a fantastic effective job every time call right now for free no obligation inspection 1-800-447-4348 that's 1-800-447-4348 and when you call me sure mention Todd Brexnan No really appreciate that 1-800-447-4348 This is a meal Roger This is 5-16-2-8 As he's ready to rock and roll Jackson is now back in the studio working on his first album in five years It's strawberry and a few days And what more is there to be customized detail? Two I see can be there at all in a crime range And then there's one of these things I'm trying to do So I'm not gonna be afraid I have a sick mind I have a sick mind And I'm gonna be afraid And we're like, it's great Like we do It's not the same The 47-year-old singer has kept the low profile since last year Reckton Prop 34-26-01 I don't understand I guess if we have enough money even by off anybody Right Because those people over there in Bosch reign those are my days They're not too crazy about his kind Now what are you eating now? Granola Bart Oh, that's not good for you It's supposed to be but it's not it's not it was cheap though You didn't get any lunch today with Tyler that you guys slip in or what? Yeah, I don't know what happened I'm gonna cut him back a little because he's a pork enough some I don't know what you're laughing about I'm looking at I looked twice in that picture and I thought to myself I can't be Josh Cortis because this guy looks pretty porky to me You're a crazy person Maybe he's just the expression I don't know that Maybe he's just the expression on your face You looked really light light light I was your hot off guard No, they look like he lied you again, you know? For the evening of time Like they just said, oh, I guess what Josh here's you deal with it Power me over here at somewhere I don't know the street I told me they were gonna screw me and then they snap the shot Well, I got a new start for a break If it wasn't for Joyce, I got a line that would be so so special right there But I'll be back to the do you ferry After years of swimming internet users for downloading songs But by the way, speaking of the internet did they ever get that straight now? Do you read an at-thing there? It's still working very slowly Really? Well, why would that be? Because it got to be the system, doesn't it? All over the building Oh boy, that's not the time to get to me Sounds like a bel thing again to me After years of swimming internet users for downloading songs illegally The music industry is targeting pirates in 12 cities who copy CDs And DVDs for sale at street corners Flea markets, family run chops and even mainstream record stores Executives identified the cities as Atlanta, Austin, Texas, Chicago, Dallas, Tuesday, LA, Miami New York, Philadelphia, Providence, Rhode Island, San Diego, and San Francisco Miami These were selected based on market surveys earlier raised in this review Reviews of sales data, suggesting lost sales over the past five years We tried to narrow down areas where we're going to focus Where we find the most piracy said, Brad Buckles A what a great name, Brad Buckles Mary Faints in Brad Buckles Executive Vice President for Anti-Paracy at the Washington-based Recording Industry Association of America, the trade group for the largest labels The RIA was releasing details of Duke and painted a The trade group estimates the industry lost a billion Dollars in CD sales last year By the way, did you didn't get your thing at huh? You know, it's not a copy, it's not a pirate, I spent money Amazon dot com and I even got a new one You know, see, I'm gonna send you like some old crappy rehashed old used one Right, like I did What? Well, I sent you a copy You sent me a broke ass mounting, which, and that was a pirate That was a pirate Huh? That was a pirate copy I'll always say in that It's not even out on DVD yet Hey, how is it? Is it? Well, just came out this month, I think owner day mile I said it to you like the week it opened I don't want it I don't want it And if I don't agree, if you want to, it's something to see The last part of it, you watch it, okay? Greg Reed, how he can show up there Man, it's goes to sure when an ego he's got No brain, all the ego What you domestic, you left behind You know, even my little dog, you know, even his worst days Way, that's like a little surprise there in your bedroom, especially Even he would like you, you look at him, you even to say anything Just give him a look at like, oh, he'd crawl in a corner like a hide for two or two seconds And then start making a lot of noise But not Greg, leave him behind 8,000 gallons of wild infectious diarrhea in that building And he's walking around, hey, tell me a little, you know, Mr. Hatsha Guess what, we're unimpressed by your mess And you're dressed Nice haircut though The trade group estimates the industry lost a billion Dollars and CD sales last year, including more than 300 million And losses blamed on underground sales or illegally copy disks Police, more than five million illegal CDs And arrested 3300 people last year And after I waited a local music store outside Detroit, November There was selling CDs for five bucks a piece Agents found more than a hundred recording drives Nearly 10,000 counterfeit CDs And 1400 DVD movies What are you, you know what else? You're really slack and off, I guess I am Because I guess didn't somebody tell us that the new toshiba HD DVD player is out now What they said, which would mean that the new But they're just our no-trivial set of interest in I saw movie lifestyle by the way on my cable called Vugiman What else is naming him? That's embarrassed I forgot I forgot too And the movie was fine, the ending sucked He was from 7-7 What tells his name? I like him a lot A lot A lot Yeah, what was the movie again? It's a movie man, it's a movie With two O's Of course your thing is so damn slow It's got a And another Oh Very Watson, it just came to me It's very Watson The needle Watson quickly He had hot skins and he went off of that show 7-7-7 and he went to start making bad movies The movie is okay but the ending See this is the problem Show me a movie maker that can make a good ending new movie I'll show you a great movie maker You know like Hitchcock Yeah But the problem is most movie makers Even if it wasn't make very good suspense Well, if I got to tell you something Tell me something Very seldom do I see Because I see all the horror movies and the violent movies Very seldom do I get a movie where you get like a chill But by about three times now we'll be on Got That Really? You got to tell me It's pretty Not not the chills and fever That's my neck No, I'm talking about a chill girl They heard I don't have any hair Goes up your neck Something We're gonna say that's not very Watson Although I could be Everybody had all their clothes on her I thought there was going to be one day You can see there You know when his girlfriend goes into bathtub But then she disappears Remember the scene You saw it, you seen it Yeah, I forgot all about it It's okay I would have waited a I waited about a seven for the first two thirds of it And about a minus ten for the last 15-20 minutes The boogie man Well, the bottom line is he beat the boogie man there in the end And then we're not really sure how Toot a little girl though said He said he said the her he said when he gets scared I learned as a child Be very quiet and count to five Remember a little girl on that movie And she looked at him and she said What happens when he gets six I was kind of here Urban in Latin music Because overwhelmingly popular among pirates Who copied discs Probably many of those illegal aliens who are marching around there I'm Monday Were peddling illegal discs Maybe I had maybe that's what my problem is They have a slip disc We're presenting about 95% of all counterfeit CDs And DVD seized in raids According to buckles Former head of the US Bureau of ATF Oh, nice job in wake-o by the way Palabajan Almost 40% of this these guys You were Latin CDs Aha See what I'm saying With artists such as Jesse Morales and Lo's we're in a renalized this and one Even though the genre of transforming six percent of the overall music market Those illegal CDs are especially popular in Texas, California and Brother the RIA said Huh? I just mentioned that in passing So how do you like that huh? What the hell law breakers I don't know why And I bet you they're doing that on the cheap too You know They're only doing the finest quality I was talking to the idea Oh, I bet. I'm using the best material Right In fact, we listen to the audio I know CDs It kind of sounds like the audio I'm QA And you know Like that I'll tell you I'm sure getting worked out I had you know I didn't have my shoes on But I'm all dressed I'm ready to go I'm ready to find a good machine man And then of course tonight we got like 14 million in the 649 lot Oh, and then Super 7 on Friday's 35 minute And if I win either one of those You both gonna begin a nice envelope And a picture of me with waving by There's 103 votes on a poll baby 1200 votes on our poll That's more listeners than they got in the afternoon drive across the street Of course the only problem is It's also more than we got Hey audio horse racing fans and poker players Popped out park racing and poker's got all the gambling action you want And also We'll feature a final casting of the Kentucky Derby this Saturday may 6 Even people that don't care about horse racing Get into the Derby it's like the world's serious Super Bowl You don't have to waste any extra gas You grab any further than you have to Or watch and wait you on the run for the roses And no figure we'll be talking to Dave Johnson Friday morning 11 o'clock What's horse I like the one with the Uh, Canadian owned by the way guy from Calgary Ones that horse brother Derrick with Alex Solis Popped out park will feature a reward Wait you're not in the Derby this Friday May 5th starting a new then on Saturday may 6th derby day You can watch and plunge on the Derby Plus the last two races from Churchill down Come be part of the crowd as they boot home the winner And the first leg of the triple crowd And Popped out park will also have free free Past performance pages for the Derby field too Dick Feinberg will read them to you Located just a half mile from road on 95 in the third Turnpike Toppo park is easy to get to And best of all like always Popped out park offers you free admission And free general parking everyday Live harness racing in the great smoke or smoke free Pucker room open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday Like today Pucker gets sent away new and in fact it's going on right now And goes on till midnight And live racing gets sent away nightly Wednesday Friday and Saturday 725 in a payment flew in tonight Watch out for Bruce Ray and Ranger the constant danger And don't miss out on our unbyed away I don't care what they find Bruce's Eric Adele's having a help here Don't miss out on dollar night Wednesdays like tonight when Grabbed your sodas hot dogs and more just a Pucker piece Starting at 6pm find Dave Ingraham give him a compass in a road map And don't forget to come out this Saturday may 6th Watch and wait your on the Kentucky Derby at Toppo no harness to blast out Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road For the curracing schedule call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 10 7 2 2 1 line poppino park dot com This is Neil Rogers This is 5 16 16 A Our David's a bitch Oh You Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Yeah Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm gonna be like a regular fan, you know what? With Eric Reed in 330 talking to receipt about the heatener big win-win-like fan against the bulls. Mad Dog 4 to 630 Marlon's on deck at 630 and in a Marlon's at the Washington Nats at 705. Team the judges they couldn't be in the fifth game and then Curtis Davidson follows the game. Following now and that's because Eddie Cays on a way to Vegas I'll ride. High school and Eddie nice work if you can get it. Sex scandal, snare city attorney you saw this of course. Very cute and finally face the law and by the way do you get the email yet from Norma? Ormichak right now? Very... Dup. No. Very cute and finally face Laundee tells where I still lured. 7 months after the discovery of an affidavit disclosing his alleged sexual tris with a teenage girl. 16. The disgraced north Miami city attorney and one time gobbin a turkane it was cuffed yesterday just outside his government orifice. The charges two kinds of unlawful sex with a minor and it wasn't even in West Virginia. And detectives disclose many tamlorist tidbits. This is what the Harold said because they like to smear and smear everybody. He thought she was probably like at least 17 in the half. Using a city computer, Cuten trolled even that. Oh, whatever happened to the weather furry by the way. We never heard any more about Miss Kamal. I guess he found this side of the shut out of the making things worse. Yeah, they hit him with a butterfly didn't drag them off. Really? You want to hear the sound he made as they dragged him off in a butterfly right? Yeah. Using a city computer, Cuten trolled even out on a side called adultfriendfinder.com. The former state representative also kept his hard drive at Lee, Honessa. In his nearest hard drive, at least one nude photo himself posed on a bed. Oh, God, what a thought. Jesus, he's an old man. He's older, Nyan. That's really old, a little bit. Most standing police say Cuten told out cash radio and TVs to have unprotected sex with a 16 year old girl. The teen told detectives he had sex with and his mind-me-beats condominium remembering it had had multiple taxidermy preserved animals according to a beach arrest warrant. Cuten's arrest camps of bizarre and politically charged investigation had began in January. When Fadeva detailing the alleged sex mysteriously surf his inciting all mailboxes, it was prepared by Cuten's 64 signed by Hollywood woman who allegedly arranged a sexual encounter with the teenager and not arised by city employee per illegal. It is not clear who made the Fadeva public. The married attorney was booked in the county, J.J. yesterday who was released after posting $15,000 bond. His attorney Richard Sharfteen said Cuten never had sex with the teen and claimed the original affidavit was altered to look more damning toward his client. The arrest was politically motivated by factions that everyone acutated as a city attorney Sharfteen said. He questioned the credibility of the teenager and the Hollywood woman Roberta Ornbuck, Boot Boot Boot, 38 who was arrested in March for Hollywood Police and charged with arranging the encounters. The trists. They're both pillars of the flesh and obviously they're peddling their flesh to the state attorney's office to save their own skin, Sharfteen said. Hollywood police detectives at Charge Ornbuck would procurement of a minor under 16 and living off the earnings of a prostitute. It sounds to me like it's getting a heart out there for a pen. The question. They're also investigating, if you really stop and seriously think about that whole thing, you see this is the sad part about what's about America, what a racist piece of crap it is. If you can convince people that they're making progress and that you're doing good things for them, you see what I'm saying? The fact that there was even ever such a saw we cordoned is a racist and a nasty horrendous thing. And yet they're worried about the prostitution too. Anyway. I don't find it amusing. I don't find it funny. There's nothing funny about pimping or about, you know, and who are always here to about women or abuse and pornography and incident threat. That's what Roberto said. What if she knows Roberto Sherwood? Especially for you. Hollywood police detectives at Charge Ornbuck and I got ready to read that. They're also investigating cute and relationship with her and the teenager. Detectives went on to arrest cute in the yesterday morning. As word leaked and TV news cameras sticked out as orifice detectives off-entie handed. An hour later he showed up and work on the meat police headquarters, he was cut inside lobby at the Beach Facilitericans squad detective event and the Mingaz. Mayor Kevin Burns said he'll ask cute and resign if he doesn't resign, the city council of firemaid next week's meeting will be fired at it. First reported by the Hurldon January, the investigation began after copies of the affidavit line in the city hall mailboxes. The document David August 18, 2005 said that cute and paid for sex with Ornbuck, who later arranged encounters with the team. She and no Kathy will, so I'll tell you that. Thanks God. On January 9, cute and admitted to say, see this is what happens with Mary guys. Okay, they have to go outside the marriage and pay for it because they shouldn't get any at home. Little or how to, but they often do. Well, you know how do you know they don't have to. And there are to pay for it, I'm saying. No, but they shouldn't get any at home. You know, see that in the speech that. The document did August October 18th said that the EPA, I just said that. January 9, he admitted to sex with the team, a meeting called by Mayor Burns with North Army Police Chief, Gwendell and Boyd. And assistant chief Douglas Brown. I wonder if she was a Gwendell and Boyd is related to what was his name that played Huffle on Cassidy? Oh, and a Seth's dad. That's really bad boy. I was nice name was boy. Oh, Gabby Hayes and Boyd. Oh, I know. What? Look up Huffle on Cassidy, Google it. That's bad. Just see it all time or just say it in. See that? And we get an old in scene. I bet you even chicken that knows who it is. Cuten claimed he thought the girl was 18 and that she showed him ID. He prepared the FNA because a friend of overbuck had the or in buck threatened to expose him. He played the man 2 grand according to the October fray. And goes on and on and on and on. Poor Barry, you know. Little horny. Well, you're maybe. Well, it isn't William Boyd. See that was the tough name William. That's a great William boy. He was hopped along Cassidy. Did you remember all Hoppy? No. They're in a break. I'm going to look on that disk. I got, you know, the real old radio thing. I'm going to see if I got the Hoppy along Cassidy stuff. All right. Man, that really goes back. Tom mixed. Top of the on Cassidy. Early 40s even before I was born. Roy Rogers, day 11. Good religionist man. The Vabbaj, he was growing around a lot. I think he was he didn't know. But I heard he was quick on the trigger. 1213 votes on a phone. I was in the off resource name. Roy Rogers, horse was trigger. What was the long range source in name? Silver. Very nice. That's a nice name. That's a nice name. But what about Jean-Otrey? I don't know. Remember Jean-Otrey, he owned the California Angel before they'd be the only anti-manials. You didn't? You don't? I don't know. Hey, you do get out of here. Don't give me this. You don't know Jean-Otrey. That's bad. I mean, I don't know. OK, I've heard the name. I don't know. I can't. No, Eddie Arnold. Eddie Arnold's dead, too. 116 votes. What's your take on sports? You see, there's one thing about getting an old man. There's some good things about it. You know, when you get old and tired, you're ready for the box. You know, just put me in a box already. Nice long rest. Nobody bothers you. Nobody nags you. And then you got your mind is full of all. If you don't, you know, if you've got any kind of a memory at all, you can full of all these fantastic things. Nobody's got any idea what you're talking about. Right. I think that's one of the real keys to the success of the show over the years. Most of the people haven't got any clue what I'm talking about. What? Including me. What's your take on sports talk radio? Speaking of what they're talking about. I know what they're talking about. From 116 votes, I should have probably got my icy sleeve as what I should have gotten. You know, for this thing, I got them because they got the icy patch and the icy sleeve that patch. I wasn't a sports talk occasionally, 252. Yeah, they do have that. The icy sleeve patch. And if you got Roy's van, you can't believe or you're sticking. I love it. Listen, a lot of sports talk 201. So you put those two getting. You got 37.2%. It's what it's course. Same old Schmidt 194. A little goes a long way, 189. A little's Abelduus. It's for sports and originally 159. I hate it like poison. I'm in 34. Like poison. I hate sports 62. And I hate this pool. 25. This is real rubbish. This is 5. 16. 15. Can you just hate people that use snappy all-binaries for their show segments? Like that one to two-hour. That's where it's going to be. I am going to be P instin' where you are here. I'm starting to hate Blvd. That's the thing that we need. We need a lot more pain as far as we can. And if you're going to discover your passion I'm on a scale and I'm the every band I can't get So shoot me up, I'm off the plane Good day Raccoon Shoot me up, go They'll never find out No way Go to use, make me Make me Shoot me up The lone Ranger I'm soon I'll fire a horse with a speed of light A call of dust and a hearty high or silver The lone Ranger The lone Ranger With his faithful Indian companion total The daring and resourceful mass fighter The lone Ranger Let the fight for law and order In the early western United States No where in the pages of history Can one find a humanity said no where Grieger champion of justice Return with us now The most thrilling days of yesterday The lone of a past come with undering Who feeds of the great horse silver The lone Ranger rides again The lone Ranger A lone sailman The lone Ranger See a nice, really nice loud fart Would have been perfect at the end of the ambeut? I don't know a happy castle Sorry, happy This is close to the cougar I did discover on this disc I don't think To be a good Bobby Daryne Just give me the man If the doctor can't find your heartbeat It's a good taster school And now I go to go and use this To be a great nation Here a champion was the name of the unauthorized horse There's one of the great mysteries of all time Jimmy Durand did he look good? No, he sang No, he'd think a little on the piano But he wasn't much of a penis But he's your made a lot of money I don't know if you've got to head into him He never would've said a hair No, no, give me the money You remember him? I take it Think he could do Never saw it I'm here to see a woman You never seen him, you don't know if he looks old to footage Old like old But you have seen him You know, like a big boy Big boy, you look like a big snide And a bald head always wearing a hat And a gravel voice Kind of like a white Louis Armstrong Without the hanky The nation's largest beverage distributors They're really hot nearly all so to say Some public schools are quite a deal And they built a foundation Yeah I don't know I've got a line you couldn't say No, I have nothing to do with that I was just because I like Clinton a lot of people Everybody knows But there are certain things like his alliance With the elder bush really bothers the her army And this bothers me too It bothers me, Baba Under the agreement The companies of the way to sell only water Unsweetened juice Unsweetened juice is like saying Low cow sugar, I mean I don't know And low fat milk's the elementary and middle school Said Jake Carson A spokesman for former president of Brooklyn Diet so it would be sold to high schools Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh man Elementary my dear Watson That's very Watson Oh Cadbury Shwefts Coconut company, PepsiCo And the American beverages association Have all signed out of the deal Carson says adding the company serve the vast majority of schools The American beverages association represents the majority of school Vending botlers Sorry, I guess that takes care of that It got a bottle up That business about unsweetened juice That is such a farce in such a lie Such a fraud That's a, you want to win That there's lots of things That's like day without immigrants I beg your pardon Lots of sweetened juice So it's like if you're going to have one It's going to be the unsweetened Would you listen to me? No, I don't know what you're saying Fruit juice is already sweetened It's like sugar water But up until now they sold fruit juice With added sugar So it's even worse Okay, wouldn't it be better to have like diet sodas instead of unsweetened juice That would make more sense But what do you know? See, first of all, it's just like milk When something is pasteurized It's like, it's like heated at a very high temperature Whatever nutrients might have been in their first place By the time you invite, it's gone You follow what I'm saying? What are you saying? So the idea that they're getting any nutritional value From drinking that crap is It's bullman Oh, yes Bullmilk Bullmilk You'll follow the way of regulation by school To treat and state legislations To cut back on student consumption of soda On my mom would have liked that Quick trick in so much soda A mid reports of rising childhood obesity rates So does it have been a particular, what do you know? Just out of protest Cook a squigan mine to take a diet Caffeine-free diet Pepsi Which I like a lot Well, you've got to know like it too bad He's a good one to talk man What I'm examples, public dirty head I know he's trying to do something good I'll say that he's doing a lot of good things Working in Africa and doing all kinds of good stuff If you just stay away from Bush the elder though We'd end it, stay away from that Hillary You know I know you don't really don't want to think about it Don't worry about it There's an article by the columnist Jeff Cohen Not to be confused with the Jeff Cohen that you knew But I just put it on for tomorrow on our website About tired of the Bush's and the Clinton's I think he's got a point You know Can we find somebody new already? You know, we're not tired of taking Kennedy because we like Ted And he's basically the only one still alive anyway Except for somebody other underlings like Patrick But I would agree with that I mean, sort of where he leads me limp, you know She is so so politically transparent That it's like looking through a pain and glass She's a pain, right? Even Bubba said that And the death wish I don't care what the poll number said You really believe that? You don't think she could beat Rudy Giuliani So we came with that puppy cheek He's got a puppy cheek, you know? No, I don't think he's sucking up Unfortunately a lot No, that'll death wish Yeah Even with our Charles Bronson man But I'm a pretz, maybe he should run Charles Bronson He could be like the mascot You said it a bitch It's a bit quite a death wish 1231 votes I think we got a real shot of 1300 Or close to it today If we get to 1300 Josh gets a big fat raise I think we just have to start making things up And then tell man is that well, this is, you know, this is the deal Like what? What thing is it that idea? Making water Like like like you're a judge You've got the raise I definitely think that's a good idea Yeah I got a raise Starting after the summertime I work only like Through Monday through Thursday And you do Friday, so I never 3-day weekend every weekend No, this is on Friday anyway Everybody goes out of town That sounds good And then for doing that Friday, George gets triple his pay That's right You know, let's just start making it up We can call it that Friday's in all spoke fatty I like that Smoke a big fat one on Friday Sounds good to me And if we've done it sooner, we could add fat rich on Fridays And fat, my little Liam Sorry Come any QAM hello You know, you're the problem with us Stop, stop, go away, go away, go back If you're boyfriend kick you out of what? Huh? Lost a little boy lost Ghosts take your thumb and it and see what happens Okay, see what color it is when you pull it out of that thumb Plum, purple WDQ He, that means he voted in the rack How are we, Em? Yes sir I got a limit for Neil You're talking to Arnold Of course he's me Really works What is it? You're talking to him, this is me Oh, Neil Not the MSO I'm sorry, I got a thing for your aches and pains It's called the ring What is it? Big alone, oil Big alone, oil And the use of our horses But people use it Old people like you and me Man I've actually probably found someone I would buy in this afternoon They probably had a horseman who got that big of a oil I got it in David Well, there you go, all the horse people like I said Okay, thanks a lot, pal, I read it down I got a big little oil Okay, thanks So I got my mineralized, I'll try that And then my big little oil And probably by the time I finish mirror all that This will go away in a while I don't think I'm dying yet But it sure is opinion and neck But mostly in here Most of when I'm in this room, man Oh man, get to creepy crawly feeling Like if you're somehow connected to QAM Probably some other, oh yeah This is kind of cute Oh, hi My name is Toby Gilles Oh, I know what you want to hear Because you planned to never saw this in probably before you were born If it was played, it's already And I wrote me true, baby Where do you call that girl? No There's her call She was great Dad and the car crash She was murdered in ED Adam She was murdered in ED Adam She was murdered in ED Adam She had to make somebody to stay alive After he died Or he covenced She was great, one of the real pioneers I'm sure you're very kind, are you writing all this down? How do we get into this? Just to help a lot of cansate And I wanted to avoid I wanted to avoid You know? I wanted to avoid I wanted to avoid This is Neil Roger Robby Hunter's This is 560 Or Alex Winger Neil God Jesus You must be very, very quiet When colds and allergies had the orles of acid use Feet and like a plugged up rabbit hole Rabbit Well We each were the double barrel relief of Suitified Like a shotgun in filth form Suitified hunts down that toughest sinus problem There you are Take that congestion And that host nasal drip So whether it's cold season allergies season Or rabbit season Kill the rabbit Kill the rabbit Reach For Suitified It'll blow away a rescue we cold in allergies symptoms Uh Stake it Put time at that And We We We We Oh Oh Oh He's totally kids Oh Well, how do you miss to do these? But if voice was sure I kind of go back and forth Why not? So does kind of hard to keep track He said about a spits buffalo Bob Well, anybody had the ball to admit he was from buffalo Only people I know who admit they're from buffalo He's what he grabber and Our close personal buddy That's why How's he doing by the way? I know he's sure he's showing up What have we ever find out about that sales trigger? We did not all I just see new people But I don't know who's out Maybe they just you know faded them out You think? I don't know What does that mean faded them out? I just told him that to show up one day And I never made any kind of an announcement or something Well, let me know when you stop seeing certain people All right Oh 247 votes on a pool and it's kind of like a mixed bag There's sports talk radio is like, I don't know I mean how many times can you say five and a period? Five and five Let's try it. Next one Five and a five and a five Five six seven five six Oh, we got a bad story here Speaking of bad health So let's see I got my big low and I got my mineralized I'm gonna be shmaring a lot of stuff Maybe I should shmere some of my jeans over there would mine I think would help No, shmere some on the On the button on the handle Middle age white Americans are much thicker Much thicker than their counterparts in England Starting new research start new research shows despite the West health care Spending for person that's more than double what England's been A higher rate of well I bet you though if we compare teeth though Americans would be the hell of them brids for them Oh, god Bad teeth and bad breath A higher rate of American's tested positive for diabetes and heart disease than English Americans also suffered poor and more diabetes Hard to touch gross lung disease and cancer The gap between the country's holds true for educated and educated rich and poor I bet you the Queens in pretty good health at old bitch And every point in this society in the social hierarchy There is more illness in the US than England And the differences are really dramatic The study co-authored Dr. Michael Marmo and epidemiologists at university college at London in England Be seen the study appearing today's urinal of the American Medical Association As context of the already known fact that the US spends more in health care than any other Investualized nation yet trails and rankings of life expectancy That's because everything in care every every every every dime that gets spent in this country 9 and a half cents is graphed The US spends about 52 other bucks per person in health care while England spends about half of that in the just to dollars Everybody should be discussing it why isn't the richest country in the world of healthiest country Marmo says it's something of a mystery Said Richard Suzyman of the US National Institute of Health which helped fund the study The researchers look for ants maybe we just don't get enough total in the whole The researchers look for answers in the data which came from government sponsored health surveys They researched were supported by grants from government agencies in both countries Maybe we just don't get them spotted a US researcher for the rank or price was also on the team Smoking rates are about to same on both sides of the pond the English have a higher rate of heavy drinking when that same management So yes, you did but a higher percentage of Americans are obese The researchers crunched numbers to create a hypothetical statistical world in which English had a mercenal lifestyle risk factors including being as fat as Americans Which they're not in the model or research is not American still would be sicker. Oh brother aren't you sick of this totally? They're getting sick of only only non-Hispanic whites were included in the study We'll know at the influence of racial disparity so you're out the researchers look only at people ages 55 to 64 I just give it on that and the average age of the samples was the same American's reported twice the way to die Be these compared to the English 12.5 versus 6% for high blood pressure 42% American 34% for the brits can't suit show up at nine and a half percent Americans refer to five point five percent of English Maybe they're not being bombarded by so many chemicals and additives in crap like the Americans are they're a fun the upper question both countries was healthy The middle class low and come people in the same country but richer Americans health status resemble the health of the low income British Wow Health experts have known the US population is less health hidden out of other industrialized nations according to several important measurements US life expectancy for example rains behind that of about two dozen other countries Some of the US is like because it's more ethically diverse, but this is a new study show that when minorities are moving from the equation And just makes made the control for education income light people on England are still healthy. There are my people in the USA as far as I know this is the first study showing this had Susan Minimcal the results surprising shocking Oh my god Earlier studies have shown the US does a poor job a peep poor job than other industrialized countries and providing primary medical care to what citizens especially to those with less education income Touch these oriented to improve a good primary care basically do better in health. They said All right guys, where we'll sick That's why every day we turn around somebody's crooked. I'm dying on the way back like that poor Louis Rukhizer for Christ six Come under the 67 votes. Let's get a whole flurry of calls any before guilty comes off 567.050. In fact, if we get enough calls, maybe we can keep them off here 567.050 and pound five 60 on a Verizon singular wireless line WQAM hello I think it's a good one Okay, good. That's it. That's a matter of every round the one once at the late catches up man about five ten minutes Then they're gonna be spoken you're gonna be joining in or I don't need mixed kiss Probably most of these people are in the big care of and to these see the world the marlins game and Washington night against the anance when you think oh, yeah WQAM hello 567.050. Let's see if we can keep this up till two o'clock. I can like the elected direction we're going in right now Oh, yes, I guess today with the numbers coming know which is actually we were going in Which everyone is the closest to that bull that magic porcelain bus WQAM hello, oh, look what just happened on there. I heard you click it nothing happened Try to get like you meet it. No, no, it just came up and said, we're not connected anymore. Oh boy Operation timed out on the website. You know what that means. What does that mean? We have no internet connectivity, which means you won't be able to control the phone. Well, I should punch one up See if the surveying half QAM I don't have to write them right over to your phone. Okay, yeah, he punching him up QAM QAM I need to pick your new brain. I'll pick a way man. Pick it. That's how I think I'm picking I'm painting this house and every time I walk by this stupid fish mountain on a wall I hear this song and I need you guys expertise single on Yeah, talking heads take me to the river. There you go. Oh, you got it go buy it. Sure. So beats me QM Oh, wait a minute. Oh, go ahead one more Good, that's a message me at all day. I think that was Voso. It's how like Voso to me Just coming around 26 after running five 60 QM. We got Kelly come out Eric read a three 30 with talk to his teeth a lot of army heat Hey, if you love voting like so many people in South Florida do writing go out and waste a lot of money on a vote And you're in for a big headache or whole series of them or do the smart thing and called top notico And one eight out one eight hundred boat rent right now Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent run totally hassle free join a club club notico call 1 800 Bolt rent you'll be amazed to just how easy it is No docking cost expensive up keeping sure it's or hurricane preparation God forbid that of course is The vote from top notico. It's totally stress free and affordable to call 1 800 vote rent no getting the vote ready Club notico does it for it. No cleaning up either they do that for you too And club notico just hop on your vote. Well, I haven't had a great time when you done pulling the dock it off and leave just walk away It's that simple club notico just set it and forget it one 800 vote rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small boats to yacht Charters all of these things It's club notico they can handle it all for you call 1 800 vote rent and let top notico Taylor or find a feature needs and your budget Get on the water today with club notico 1 800 vote rent Look crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time In my And why in do boys Don 14 Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I think you last. 131 at 5 or 6. You know, but you have in 2016 I've both, we'll make that 13-star number to easy today. Josh gets the big raise starting next week, all right. Big 7.8 earthquake in the south Pacific, Taonga and Fiji and whatever, Taonga. Have I heard of Taonga? Yeah, I heard of it. Has ever been there? Ever been there? Well, let's go. See, right now. It's a long way away, man. It's a long haul. New Army documents released by the ACU. So what's the story this phone is like in operative men? On our spec, who I am, hello? Hey, Neil, good afternoon. Jeff, I'm just wondering what you know, the full water bill is the best place on our, to learn because the sheriff can't get in the flower chair of some of it. Yeah! Oh, man. He must have got about half the shipment, that guy. It's nice to share. It sure is. Bring some over, OK, George, you'll stay around late. He'll stick around special. The chef coach special. He's a deputy QAM, hello? How did this just happen if this thing came back on by our smoothest, it's a comrade and gore. Oh, it's coming and going. Deputy QAM, hello. Connection. QAM talks fast. Or you're fudge back? OK. And line nine, here's Josh's line. QAM, Josh's line. Hey, where are you? No. Oh, even colon long distance on that line. What a rocket scientist, man. Of course, he's got the big bucks. He's got the heavy duty cash. You are. We document released by the ACLU today, we've heard about the tenants in over carto assances. Well, I was thinking of what he took these sances. We were just saying, I was standing for the show today. You notice how see it and they kept, they kept bearing him. First day, I had him on there in the morning and people were like screaming. Like, oh, are you crazy? And then they stuck him on there. They put him out there in the middle of the hurricane, try to get him drowned, that didn't work. Then they stuck him on some crap-laden night. And then he just basically disappeared. Ricky Tickey. Anyway, Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez ordered interrogators to go to the outer limits to get information from the Tainees. See, if I was really sharp, I would play the theme from the outer limits, which I do have it, but I'm not going to play it. Because I would put that disc on the flow. The documents also showed that senior government officials were well aware of abuse in Iraq and Afghanistan before the Abu Ghara Red scandal broke. When our leaders allowed even encouraged abuse at the outer limits of America's sufferers, said Anthony Romero, I wonder if he's kind of Randy Romero, ACLU executive director, a nation that works to bring freedom and liberty to whether parts of the world shouldn't stomach brutality and humanity within its ranks. This abuse of power was engineered and accepted that the highest levels of our government. What do you think that means? I don't know. What does it mean? The ACLU said the document makes very clear that while President Bush and other officials assured the world that while what the government has heard at Abu Ghara Red was the work of a few bad apples, or do we need our governments? There doesn't a new that abuses happening in numerous facilities in Iraq and Afghanistan of the 62 cases of being investigated at the time of these 26 involved the Taneid deaths. The paper outlined the status of the 62 investigations, cases include assaults, punching, kicking, beatings, mock executions, sexual assault of a female Taneid, threatening to kill an Iraqi child, the send a message to other Iraqis, stripping Taneids, beating them and tracking them with a blast in device, throwing rocks at handcuffed Iraqi children, choking Taneids with knots of their scars, and interrogations at gunpoint. I just don't understand why we didn't get that candy in flowers for our guys. You? They're just in great. Ungrateful bastards. Shmatahed. Shame on you. Okay, so no. Who was that strange guy that was on auto limits? So was the narrator? He was in the day that we're maybe who's just in a lot of the epipy. No, the day the world ended. The place got a space guy. No, not fit in price. Come on. You know the guy very strange. The world, the day the earth stood still. That's why I just said. Like already? That's it. Did you know that you look it up? No, I know Michael Rene is the guy for the day the earth stood still. That's the guy. Michael Rene. What tells wrong with you? Because the Iraqi War picture show lyrics. He was on auto limits a lot. Because he looked like a space man. He was a tall man. Tall, very thin, very strange. He had those eyes in him. All six of them. 5605. He was maybe one of the original guys with the eyes. 5605, 60 and pound 560. But I've seen it not have a David Cassidy blow up. WCWA, hello. Not there. And here's the only other one. QIM. Hey, I need a lot. You doing? Yes sir. Listen about your neck and shoulder pain. Yeah. Don't rob it. Rubin don't work. I'm going to give you the secret. It's in version. Get yourself an inversion table. Go upside down. I'm telling you it works out. The same thing. What does that mean go upside down? What does that mean? It's in version table. You know you said an alien back getting you go over. But you're not going to have to go 90 degrees. You go like 45 degrees. And the pain has gone forever. How about 90 degrees? You can go that far. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you five degrees right now. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. He didn't get it. Yeah. You need to either. I'm Nicola Shea from Nick Nolty. I don't like Nick Nolty by the way. I don't know why you. I mean, I just, if I see movie with him in it, I move along. No, he's been in good movies in the past. But such and such and such are a long time. What's the one with Eddie Murphy? 48 hours. No, yeah. Okay. All right. That's not for you because you don't like black people. Well, I want kind of a comment. Is that? Well, you don't like getting Murphy. I like seven. Well, William, what's his name was, you know, Morgan Freeman. Fairchild. Yeah. That was a very good movie. I think I seen it. Comedy, violence, nudity. It was great. I think I just seen it. And it was also an movie with that mid-ler. Down and out and Beverly Hills. That was good. The first one was good. And then they kept making the sequel. Yeah. Bad idea. Bad move. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Ellie. Would someone please make it? I'm going to tell these conference and Craig D. We want to see it. It was his one answer. Wow. Yeah. That's a good idea. Once you have Josh, Nick, you've got to probably got a big tube. Q. A crazy blue in there somewhere or Elmer is one of those. Super blue would be good. Oh, Bocker just caught up with the delay. Yeah. Michael ready was on one step beyond not the outer lens. No. And when he was like the host on that show or what? I don't know. And 30 seconds will go. Seems to me I remember him at the beginning. One of those outer space those space could actually show. Michael and he was very spacey kind of guy. Not a spacey is Kevin Spacey and certainly not. Yeah. How many Q.A.M. hello? Oh, oh, oh, stop. For me. Uh, stop. W.D. Q.A.M. hello. Hello? Yes. Neil. Yeah. Hey, what's up man? Hey, don't. All right. You saw the game that's right. What game was that? On the hewn and when he fell over the flood of flyers and the savers, I saw the savers kick fully S-71. I saw that. Hey, George. Now we don't care about your basketball. Get lost, Julio. Get back on your inner tube. Okay. Two. Get lost. Say it away. Let's bring Ali on back and exchange him for that punk. Shout a game right now. I said the game nice. Hey. Fan wagon jumping phony piece of crap. Who the hell are you kidding, huh? Maybe you want to roll up with. I get that icy sleeve right now. I want to tell you where to stick it. I'll let you do whatever you want. Whatever makes you happy. What a jerk. See the game nice. I'll tell you. I don't want even though it really does look spectacular. HD. B-N-B-A-A-N-E-B-A-N. Any basketball game. Any live sporting event. But I would say that basketball. I don't know why really. Baseball looks great in HD. Hockey is sensational. But basketball, even though I never watch it, is HD man. It's stellar. It's spectacular. Because you don't like black people. There is one or two white guys in there. Vic, no. It wasn't me. You're confusing me with Josh Curtis who said he was a glad that Steve Nash was going to be the MVP for the second year. And he was like, well, he's not glad to see a white guy getting it. No, that was you. So now this is all not starting to make sense. No, yeah. That was me. That's it. I wouldn't know Steve Nash from a Nash ram or how do you like that. But what does that have to do with Vic parent? Can 80 good Canadian boy. With who? Vic parent was the narrator in the outer limit. So opening team. What does that have to do with Michael Renny? Goal because that's who you thought that was. But you just got to tell me the name of the other show. He's supposed to look that up and see who the narrator was. Was the name of the show? Once that be heard. Well, he was the narrator on. I'm telling you right now, man, if I'm lying, you're dying. No, that's the point. Well, what is the point? You thought Michael Renny was on the outer limits, but he was on one set. That is what I thought until chicken that corrected me. Right. But now you're supposed to verify he was the narrator of the, just because he said he was on it. Okay, does me was the narrator. This is true. I'll get the whole report. Get on it. 141 man speaking to being on it. He's on helium and he'll be here in two o'clock. In fact, the friend of mine told me he heard him the, our first time few days ago and he thought he was on. Remember he used to do the helium balloon thing? Oh, yeah, that was fun. He said I have never heard anybody who sounded so much like they were on helium. He's a gas that guilty. You know, being outdoors in South Florida, we need comfortable shoes. The only place you want to take your took season is Brandy shoes in Pompano Beach. Because they got the unbeatable combination waiting for you. Calcutta, what? Calcutta, what? What is it? Kevin Conway was the control boys. Coach Conway? Right. Brandy's carries all the major brands like floor shine. Echo, Mufisto, rockport, Hushpuppies, new mouths don't interrupt me now. Or, I think you ask. And tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women. They even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes for those of you without of this world freaky feet. Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida. When you see the slushed and tried to get a brandy, you'll see why I've been raven about them for years and years and years. And in fact, when you talk to Arne over there, he'll make damn sure that you get the right feeling shoes for your feet at the right price every time. And all of this is the department stores where you have to wait forever to get any service and they never have your size and stock anyway. If you want to think they do a brandy, is it shoes? So don't worry about size or selection or service or price. Brandy's is absolutely unbeatable. Brandy shoes culminated to a federal highway in Pompito Beach between an landing copes on the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day of the week Monday through Saturday's till line and Sundays till five. And this week again is a great time to buy men's rockport's at Brandy's. Save 10 to 20 bucks in payment all great men styles this week. So come to the brandy's for sure or do your shoe shopping on their website as Brandy shoes.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5.16. A guna. This is Joe Born the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. For your next vacation experience, Mexico, the way corner people experience, your country. Are you serious? Almost kids keep paddling. Sneak across the border to Mexico and we cater to your every mean. Hola amigos, I don't understand. Anyway, we're here for the free medical care. Oh, and the doctors will need to speak English because we're too lazy to learn Spanish. Hey, Jenny and I back there. Yeah, I'm pregnant again with twins. And if they born here, they're automatically Mexican citizens. They speak English in Mexican schools. Right dad? Well, they better. A summer make Mexico your very own kids. Once I get my forged Mexican driver's license, we can buy a crappy Mexican car. Can you stop at American flag bumper stick on it? You're done, too. We don't want to lose our identity. Maybe we can love to make you leave. You know, I don't want to say Miguel is incompetent, but you know what? What? He's incompetent. You're that CD that you told me how many days ago he claimed he said he fed X me that thing right there. They sound part thing with the Oprah version. Right, it was a couple days ago that he claimed that he said it. Yeah, so. Well, how long does it take on FedEx? I sense something that before six o'clock and I think it gets there the next morning. Airfree single time. Well, I'm sure that by said it airfree single time. When he says that he said it, I'm sure that that means that he gave it to someone. I said. Well, let me just put it this way. Excuse me, but I do believe that. Amen. Somebody practices and says, one step beyond hostage John Nullin. I thought you just said that. No, I gave it the other house, the voice of control. Oh, and I was going to give you that, but then you said, don't interrupt. Oh, don't interrupt. What was that? And then it was a spot or something? Yes, something like that. Don't interrupt. Where? Got the craft man in a rough gildy and telling me. I'll run step beyond. Swat up his alley. I'm sure he's going to be talking about nine stop over it. All right. I thought he was last night. That's all he got going, man. See, it's pretty tough to be there. Two sports stations. If I don't know what sports going on. You got that series going. I want to say, try damn well. Do I blow that thing, man? Listen to a girl's team. Two games are in Chicago. Getting blown out to one game real bad. And then you got the Marlins, which nobody. And I do mean nobody cares. You know, it's interesting to watch like about four seconds of a Marlin game on TV. Okay, because you watched the people in the stands. And of course, you can count them individually if they were just scan back and show you, but they don't want to do that. And it's likely went to a Sunday picnic or something. You know, all they got to do is bring the ants. And it's just, I don't know. There's no atmosphere there because everybody knows that this is a, this is a farce. This is a farce that they put on. Oh, but we want, and the fans, if this station really agreed to pay them the full broad, and of course, we have no way of knowing. But the full amount to the broad cancephes. We must be crazy. We need a group's lobotomy. Well, we already know that, but she's, I mean, the product that they're putting out there, I mean, the amazing part is there actually score on some runs Josh, not really, but what do you mean not really. They're losing like seven to five and eight to five and there's score on some runs. But no matter how many they scored, they give up a whole much more. I mean, they can't leave of it. They're, they're really not hitting, but, you know, just because they're a few days. They lose day. The Marlins, you're feeling as crap. I've said to that. I think they got the worst feeling of precisely majors. Don't they? I'm going to think I read that this morning. I'm not sure. Well, you better check it out, man. You don't touch your ties with the Marlins now, just because you got this big fat raised from a Clara bell. I have it. Well, I'm, I, I, let me put it to you this way. When you see the first paycheck that comes through with the, well, whatever the adjusted mouse goes we then then you start saying okay, and all things are hunky dory. You know, like, she for would say, okay, dokey. In other words, don't count your chickens before they lay a big fat one, okay? It's just my advice. You do whatever you like. I, I, I, I, I, 13, and then we three votes already. Look at that. Because, you know, George is getting pretty tired of having like, send you all these checks every couple of months. Get really tired of it. It's cool to me. It was bad enough. He was supporting Beener Boy. That wasn't bad enough. We found under the overpass somewhere or over the underpass. God, where would it have did you find him? Perfect. Those were at the tell us. Sorry. Well, I don't know because I don't think I ever got a straight answer. I didn't even got a, okay. Answer. I know you tuned me on every time I talk. So what I didn't even have to do for it up every time I tell it. Well, make up a different story this time. All right. Understanding. Or there was a light in the sky and it turned out to be a spaceship landing. Was it like a plane in the air rating? Yes. And, yeah, he came out holding a Michael Rene's hand. Yeah. Michael Rene's hand. Hey, first I just picked this guy up in Uranus. Would you give him a job somewhere? I said, yeah, I'd go one night. I'll tell you one thing. You may come any more stories like that. I think you're way. Do I have time to read more in town? It's not that long. I don't think I do. I'll say that for tomorrow. So I'll be on our website anyway. The captives become the captives. The ransom. She says the invasion of Iraq has turned into ransom of Red Chief. How about the ransom of Red Bull? In fact, isn't that those were the drinks that he was pouring Red Bull and vodka in a movie last night? The boogeyman? It's the way to go. Red Bull and vodka. Good stuff. And then he opened up the door and all the sudden he was back in his house and he freaked out that neighbor broad. And then he went, they drove back to the motel and sure enough, there were the two drinks untouched by human glands. Yeah. What's that boogeyman? All you kids out there when you think the boogeyman is under the bed or in a closet. Well, if you get Tom Cruise and John for Boulder Get out of there first, just count to five. Just be very quiet and count to five. What happens when you get to six? That was pretty good line. Yeah, remember that. I don't care. I don't care. Well, it wasn't what you call a memorable movie, but it was okay. The ending just, I mean, you talk about destroying. There was a lot of special effects and a lot of action and a lot of you talk about flickering of lights and that was it. And then he got rid of the boogeyman. I still don't know how and I'm sure it's how I can dig it up and watch it again, even though very Watson's in it. He's a fine young man. Thirty-two by the way, very Watson. He survived Hockens disease. A nice comeback. Getting some parts in some really crappy movies. What were some of the other ones you told me he was in? Oh, for turnity boy uses Josh. Yeah, sorority boy. That's what I see. I see. Where he was in drag the whole time. That's the only other one that I can take it. I'll be telling you one other one. Realist. Well, you better go back and Google a while and do this fine. One, two, three, five, six, the elementary, my dear Watson. You know, soft-floor is famous for its trade shows among many of the things of course. We got your boat shows and cars shows and bridal shows and home shows. Our fair is galore and lots more. Now, if your trade show exhibitor, you may need to think about his pub set. These are the people that we talk and do because pub set creates the absolute top of the line attention grabbing, steel customers from the competition trade show displays. Call 954-7727275 right now and pub several of you all said for success. What come to design? Printing posters, banners, especially trade show displays. Pub sets been doing their very best in town for over 14 years. Call 954-7727275 right at down for pub set. 954-7727275 from design is set up pub sick and ill-audio trade show needs and rest is sure that pub set will separate you from the competition. Don't look second rate because you only get one chance to look rate. Pub sets the smart way to go and be sure you're going to come out on top. 954-7727275 or online is pubsetsf.com. For top notch design, trade show graphics and displays pub set be the way to go. Look for my ugly grotesque ass picture under building along this highway. Just know if the commercial bull bar. Call pub set today 954-7727275. This is meal Roger's. This is five sixty two eight. The dialogue on the TV show 24 is not even a normal quiz. The followers take place between one AM and two AM. The track we've got a new lead on the thing talk. Call 117. What's that Jack? Call 117. I got a cause here. I didn't get them. Why are you getting mad at me? I just can't. Who's your foot? No, no, stop. I mean, I can't understand you. 24. If your volume is not on 24, you can't hear a pool. I'm not going to tell you anything Jack power. Where's this thing so I can't. I'm not going to tell you anything. I know I do what you're talking about. Tell me what you should do. I'll tell you anything you want to tell me what you say. Oh my God. Oh God. This is driving me crazy. 24. The only way you'll be able to understand what's happening is to use your closed captioning. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to follow. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. 24. Where even the SAP button can help you? No, for him, it's because I'm a host. He has a man in there. Get out. Don't. Let's not go brand them. Okay. I'll tell you. No, they can't. Just. If you're not going to get a bus, they can't go. So. I'm yours. Me. 24. Maybe nice to hear what was actually happening. What's going on? Check. I miss you. I love you. I mean. I love you. I miss you. I love you. Call me on television. What do I know? Don't let me alone. I got to put on my face. 24. 4. 4. Bye. Bye. Bye.