So I got a great poll question for you. Yeah, good. Who would you most like to see go? Quail hunting with Dick Shane. The water not see. Okay. Well, if you're on a list. Give me an honest answer, yeah. Yeah. It's not a bad poll question. That bitch. The water not see. Remember what I said a couple weeks ago? The liars will continue to lie and the game players will continue to play games. And the rotten miserable bitches will continue to be rotten. Visual bitches. Remember I said that? Yeah, what happened now? What do you mean what happened now? Oh, I guess I'm the body. I say, hey, hey, I'm going away cars for Greg Reed. Yes. And so your buddy, the beast there was a call. And then was a brow beaten for not signing the car. And with every letter, I'm the, I think there ought to be a, some kind of a lawsuit on that. All the foul language, the F-word, and every other word that's there have been used. You don't decide that. How do you think you are? You're mudd at, you know. And then Josh Cortis was demanded to come in there to the water not see his office on Friday. And told the sign Greg's going away card. Whether he wanted to or not. I would like to sign that card. I got a couple of messages. Yeah. I didn't hear that. Feast never told me about that. Well, he'll tell you about it. As soon as we get through confibrillating here. Wow. We need more than just a new general manager. We need man-rake the magician. I'll tell you, you're right about the manager. I have, I have two pieces of copy that have expired. Yeah. That we told the salespeople, I don't know how many times last week. Friday is the last day for this copy. Right. But of course nothing happens. Well, a lot of, a lot of faces are changing. And the revolving door is spinning around like a dreadal and heat and Hanukkah time. But the fact that a matter is not, not much has changed. No, not yet. So I just, you know, until I see something concrete, you know. It's nice that there are new faces showing up and everybody's running around like chickens of their headcut off. But as far as getting any feedback or copy, we still operate like a schlockiest of the schlockmys just man. I just, you know, you're a salesperson. How do you not service the people who are working with you? Because it's the QAMF in a way. The interesting, that sign on our Georgia's room there now says, just give us the F and money. And that's been out there for eight years. Yeah. That's our philosophy. We don't care about servicing. We don't care about copy. You know, on the audience to stick it all, these guys going off on us again. Yeah, because it never changes. It's frustrating. They're just, is not a desire around us by a whole bunch of these people like doing something like professionally, just schlocking their way through life. Just sucking the free commission off of a lot of a council, you know, we're on before they got there. And the ones that they haven't just destroyed yet, we can say, do a good job on that. I'm with you. But the thing with the water not seem, I mean, you know, I mean, you had your run ends with that bitch. And it's just, it's unacceptable for all beating the people in the swearing Adam and young. I remember very shortly after I first came there. I was still down in the second floor and I got in the year one day and I went to an hour rant and rave about her behavior in a parking lot. She was, she was with one of my least favorite people speaking of sales holes Gary Sarner. But she was just pitching and scre- I'm going to go to a Gregory if you think you're going to pull this crap. Don't mess with my end. She wasn't messing. The other word was the effort. You just can't have that kind of crap going on in a workplace. It just should be allowed. Right? Just like all those encounters you had with screw-in and a parking lot. He was another pleasant one. Oh, her, she won't. You won't see her no more. I know that, but I'm just telling you. Same thing. Hostile, nasty. Well, there's a hunting trip going on right now. The earthquake was crazy. It was a big deal. I got a great column of John Nichols' wrote in the nation. It's pretty creepy. Funny itself. Cheney gets his gun and the essence of it is that he did this a favor by getting all those deferments from Vietnam because obviously can't shoot straight. That's great. This is the weapon of mass destruction. Yeah. I've got an instance. I'm not going to go first of all. You know, anybody in his position, it's fences a spare time. I was hoping when I first came out. It was a spare time. I was hoping when I first heard the story that was Scalia that got shot, but it turned out it was some smuck we never heard of. Some 78 year old smuck. Rich muck. But this does allow the old rich guys running around shooting, you know, shooting crap for helpless little birds. Yeah, there you go. Although they might be a statement us from the avion flu. Maybe they were listed in my show. You know, killer bird for Christ. Got to get rid of them birds, man. Each one could be a threat to the existence of the human race. I'm sure that we got that out of our system. Yeah. Of course, so you already learned something. It's just early afternoon. Are we learning about the water Nazi brow beatings? Yeah. It's not anything about that. Well, it's not about it. For some of my hearing afternoons. But aren't you lucky? Did you sign the go away cards for a Greg? Of course. You did? You think I want to get yelled at? What I was. God. You actually said, what did you write on there? My name. That was it. Yeah. That's all I actually did was put your name on. You're not going to pick yours or anything? No. Yeah. Actually, I drew pictures of dead presidents. I was. I made a lot of money for them. Yeah. What a place. What an unbelievable place. See that big blizzard they had been northeast? Yeah. How did it get to you? No. They didn't go anywhere near here. What a piece. We don't have a flakeist on the ground. We have a few flakes around the building here. Twenty seven inches in the York. Yeah. Record. Bostom. Yeah. Those poor bastards really got it. We don't have any of it. It's when it snows like that. Yeah. Well, it doesn't snow like that very often, but still. No, but I remember growing up as a kid. Yeah. Look forward to those days when you look out to the building. You have to go to school and you wouldn't have to go to school. Of course, I would even have to go to the block from the high school. Here's to walk to school every day. But even so it was always very pleasant when you could go back to bed. Yep. I like those days. Oh, yeah. I ain't like shoveling stuff though. That's one of the bad things. I never shoveled snow in my life. Never. I have to go out and shovel the walk. Really? Maybe that explains it. It's a place. I don't know, but it just sounds like something. But you're right. You're out of myography and put it in there. Yeah. My parents hadn't made me shovel that snow. Yeah. I wouldn't be gambling. I wouldn't be gambling. That's probably what you made to the media window. A compulsive neurotic gambling. That was it. Yeah. That's so. Anyway, well, let's just start over another week. I'm not gambling today. Good. Me neither. I'm not going to be a good one. It's just a cold. It is pretty chilly down here. Really? Well, I sure, I sure sympathize with it. In the 30s. Really? Yeah. Holy moly. Well, it's only minus five here. Right? I'm going to be minus two. It's going to be twenty-eighths going to be your high today. But later in the week, I don't know what's going on again. Wednesday, partly sunny in 41. Thursday, 41. Friday, 46. I don't get it. Not that I'm complaining, mind you. I'm going to happy about that. It's not fair at all. I think we're going to pass on one of this here. Let's skip it. Well, I'm going to go sign a piece to the card. Yeah, go back there and more. I'm going to keep out. Unless they're soaking in a glass at the moment. Well, I'd say to why I said, I would love to come there and put not heard teeth right out of our mouth. I really would. She's got to be the nastiest excuse for anything I've ever encountered in my life. Don't eff with my dog. Yeah. A real pleasant bitch. And now what you've been to do, you don't have Greg Reed. You don't have Greg Reed to go complain to anymore. I'm going to go that Greg Reed. What's good to happen to the Gregys? Don't know when don't care. Well, you already saw Ray Perry went out to door. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, we have regime change. And of course, the salesman is here went out to door. He wasn't really. He was just a stiff. A stiffy. Yeah. And then we got a new salesman. Yeah. But Vanessa, if he moves into town, why don't you have to be shown and get things going? I guess they had a big pile of this morning. Yeah. They're all, all the people who didn't get to sign the card on a Friday. I guess maybe they showed up in their be sure inside at this morning. But just rest assured, it'll be nice to know for all the peons around the building that Greg is still on a payroll for another 10 or 11 years. Thanks to that stock deal, whatever that was all about. And be easily win public. So he's still on the payroll. So I'd use lemons who are making like a 275 an hour. Don't expect any increase. Don't just like have Martha Mitchell situates. Don't start literally on your means because there ain't no mold cash coming your way. Although Josh Curtis, if he, you know, if he plays his cards right, he works about 90 hours a week. And every weekend, he might make another 20, 30 bucks a week. Yeah. Like, my guy is can't even afford a reading and writing course. That's why they signed that hard. Well, I think he got a hard day in all our money gambling. I mean, if you didn't, if they were all in the GA. Yeah, that's true. So it's not like he used to be. I remember when I first came to the station, I was in shock. He had Donnie B. And he had Jason Blas Blag. And all these, they were like all little appendages of you. They were all like your protégés. Tank junior gamblers. You're like, yeah, the gambling club going on there. I didn't encourage him. Hey, discouraging. Well, they just wanted to emulate you. That's all. All right. Well, I'm going to, I'm going to have a nice. I'm going to, I'm going to have a nice. I'm going to, I'm going to have a nice. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to have a nice. I want to emulate you. We want to be a big sports talk show guy. Yeah. Well, I'm signed his card. Have a great day. You too. See you tomorrow. Like I said, yeah, that's the cute. See you tomorrow. Come on. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We're going to work in the middle. We told the million little lies. Do we wrote a book about his time and reason? But now it seems that we've all been had. This will find out he never spoke to him. He was addicted to collect, staying from stamps. I think that he's full of it. Oh, grow, win free. What should we do? We only read books that you tell us to. Maybe you are the ones on drugs and footballing is. And football. Why are we sure it could have been in a sign-grace card? I lied. Well, we can send it up to you. That's like the detective, Kinderman, and the Anxistice, Lejekov, I lied. It was for me. Remember that? Of course I did. The autograph. I had any rate. Well, she got him. How do you spell it? What's your daughter's name? It's got a lie. It's for me. I lied, Greg. I don't want to sign your card. Good, good, good, good, written to bad rubbish. By the way, did you get this, uh, facts about? Came player, B.S. artist. I make you pardon? What do you talk about? Yeah. I think a junior is, uh, missionary and a evangelist. What's this facts? What are you talking about? His son is J. Huh? Never the less. There is this the other son. He's got two sons. One of them is J. I mean, the other one's an emissionary position. I don't know from them. Do you want to go ahead and pass it along? Send it right along. Peter basically died. Maybe got shot by a device president. Peter Benchard, 65, author and conservationist who wrote J. And I still say it's overrated. It was very good, but it was overrated. And if you want you to get it now, it's really camp. I agree. Yeah, very camp. I loved it a lot, but, uh, yeah, overrated. Once was enough, right? Because if you see it the second time, you know, the best part is one of their all drug and singing. Is that what it is? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you like those movies with drunk teenagers. Especially a vulnerable Michelle working with you. Yeah. She's not that, uh, she's, uh, she's, uh, I don't know. Scarlet Johansson. She's just, she's not good. He's cute. She's not cute. She's got a resty nose, man. No, it's what's like she ran into a brick wall. Don't look at her in a broken bed. I'm hugged her up nose. I looked at her in a two different movies. She and why I made special notice. Those are great noses when they're turned up like that. No, is that it? Yeah. Now I think you've got something else to, you want to turn up. But anyway, you know that. Peter, basically 65, the author and conservationist who wrote Jaws, the shark attack, novels become a classic movie. See, Richard Dreyfus was in it, seeing her right off the bed. It loses a lot of points. Mm-hmm. And provided nation with thrill, children, McQueen Nightmares died. Oh, February 11th. That was a Saturday. This home in Princeton, New Jersey. A relative said he died of idiopathic pull on every five versus a progressive scarring of the lungs. To the book, which was Mr. Benchley's first novel in the movie for which he contributed to the screenplay, he arrived in nation's deepest fears about undersea dangers, beach hazards, and the carnivorous perils, of an arching mouthful, of venicently curved triangular teeth. Wow, who'd help wrote this in the Washington Post? Good, God. Woo! That little carried away. This like to this kid's got carried away by the shark. And any rate of love you've hosted like it, then again, you loved the blazing shadows too. I liked it, but you loved it. Like Dom Bellaby said, or his brother said, Jr. said, you like bread. You love bread, I like bread, remember that? Too much bread. Right. Well, here's the story about Wayne Heisinger, Jr. that is really something. That is amazing. He's a religious nut now. And he's always wasn't with you. Oh, this is not the right one. This is the other Wayne. This is the, oh, he's a husband of father of four, a businessman and evangelical Christian. He's an evangelical Christian. Well, praise the Lord. Pass the ammunition. Oh, sorry, Dick. It can't be said again. Got a whole bunch of stuff to do here today, including all these polls. Want to say American history acts as fantastic. Thank you to the eight million people of recommended. Right. Well, not there in body yesterday. Watch it last night. Sensational. I give it a 22 on a skill of 10. Power. That could power. Not a happy ending, but never let it go. Well, but never the was right. In fact, in fact, in logical it's all when you're flat. Yeah, when you're flat on it, you look back. The whole thing if you're watched, pretty much how it had to be. But great movie. Great acting. Ignortant is sensationalist. Spider-Word George said. No, no, I know he's been in some clinkers, but then the primal fear he was great. Yes, yes he was. He has an excellent grade. So we're making up a lot of our performance there. Even Jackie Gleason was kind of fun in northern. 14 past 10 at 5.60 WQMR. Now, tails, people are ice holes. Stay tuned. Little Nick moment with Ben Johnson. Right after this. Hello. I'm an Olympic athlete. You know, we lose your travel at top speed. And when we're going around those curves, our teeth could fly out at any minute. That's why I use denture cream to keep my teeth tight. And my smile bright. Denture cream. The official denture cream of the 1992 Olympics. So, 1998. Robert Ben Johnson turns in our record-breaking performance. I mean, it's frivers of steroid use. The rumors are true. It goes on with you. This has been an Olympic moment. The official Olympic moment of the 19-19-200 Olympics. All right. Yeah, all right is right. I don't want to be negative again because I got accused of that all the time. I told that I love the American history. Actually, it was great. Yes, he did. But the Olympics began about it. Y'all always hype and just craziness. But what about the illusion? I want to blame the Canadians. They deserve to take the blame. That's the reason the NHL players are over their first of all. Olympics are supposed to be amateur sports. Not professionals, okay? Whether we're talking about basketball, talking whatever it is. So, just wait because when I turn on the Olympics, I start to have women's hockey. So, you know, there's some amateur stuff going on. Yeah. And by the way, very good sportsmanship, too. The US Olympic team, women's Olympic hockey team, beat Italy on the opening day, 16-0. Is that right? The US team had 60 shots. Or I'm an US candidate. I'm sorry. Canada, Canada beat Italy. 16-0. Canada had 60 shots and the Italian women had five. Very competitive event. And the whole thing's a joke. But again, if we're for Canada's neurotic inferiority complex, the NHL definitely would not be over there. And they shouldn't be because they, first of all, missed a whole year with that lockout, they just tried to build up a little bit of momentum. This is tiny, but so now they take two weeks off. And a whole bunch of injured players like Chris Progress played with a fractured foot. He's going to go over there and jeopardize maybe the rest of the season. So, if you're the fans of any team who's got a player playing over there, like Jay Bowenister for the Panthers and whoever the other ones are for the other teams, Brian McCain from the Leafs, you ought to be really pissed off. Because a lot of these guys are guys who are like just came back from injuries. They're already got borderline injuries. And they're going to go over there and jeopardize their health. So, they can come back and bring the gold back for the eagle of, you know, primarily Canada. Very bad. Not to mention of course needle nose and his wife over there. Probably got heavy bets on the game. What a bunch of crafts. And of course the figurefaders. It's just going to show you what hype is all about. The whole world is about hype. Yeah. Then seriously, that's the only thing it's all about. All the garbage that people get hyped up with. Just like for example, this is fast, fast from Jay. Normally, you and I aren't on the same page when it comes to movies. Well, I don't remember. There was you must have bad taste in movies because my taste in movies is excellent. I mean, I don't expect most people to be fixated with imaginary heroes. And two of the things is because, uh, in real hersism. And I'm going to tell you again, I watched it again last night. I got my own copy after I watched Americanist Reyes. I don't think that. I'll just tease you. No, I mean, yeah, I like him. But I mean, the fact of the man and he's good in the movie. But Sigourney Weaver is so great. And I watched him because it brings a lot of emotions, at least in me. And I'm not Mr. Cried the movie time. But that's a very emotional movie. And especially, I think that the neatest part of that movie is the relationship that he and his mom have. Right? Right? Well, I mean, don't most people wish that they had that kind of relationship with either parent. Sure, I'll take it. Yeah, right, exactly. And of course, what's this you just sent me? Losing dolphins, right? So it's basically fourth quarter. Look at that. Oh, hey, listen, bad news, Josh. You know, that day raised you was supposed to get, yeah? And George, I don't want to give you the bad news, but the reason that Joe's having lunch with the day to not said to cutting your salary in half. The company that owns five-star photo radio stations has reported a fourth quarter revenue decline. Part of the client and sales came out of company lost rights to broadcast dolphins football games. I see revenue decline, but that doesn't mean that they were making money on it. So we said the difference between gross revenue and net, the article's full crap. Beesley broadcast groups said it earned one and a half million dollars or six cents a year on revenue of 30.6 million for the fourth quarter. For the same period of year before, the Naples-based radio broadcasts had earned 3.9 million. Wow. earnings. 16 cents a year revenue of 33.4 million. During most of the recent period, Beesley said it's a $2 million-dollar impairment charge or related to their brains. Related to FCC licenses and that's our custom mark. You're all one-track I did it with us, and $300,000 in stock-based compensation expenses, it sounds like Reg Reed, the me. The lost off and rights cost $1.6 million in revenue, Beesley said those rights would have, well, $1.6 million in revenue, but they were paying more than that for the right. Those rights would have mostly impacted QAM-560, the sports stock station, the Audi Adi Adi, the lost itself in rights to Waxi, which is paying 4.5 million. Well, if we made $1.6 million in revenue from the Dolphins last season, and they discussed through paying 4.5 million, that means that if they were able to get as much revenue, which I doubt, they lost $3 million on it. Maybe they'll get more. That's the prime time media group, my ass, the ticket. For the year, Beesley said it earned $10.7 million, or $44 cents a share on revenue of $124.3 million, the year before the company said it earned $12 million, or $49 cents a share, revenue of $122 million. So the revenue went up, but the profit went down a little bit, well, two freaking bad. George Beesley said the company continues to work to convert its station to high-definition radio broadcasts, anybody out there on a HD radio? No. That's got one. And are a radio too. Among the benefits of the HD radio, we said our improved audio quality, better signal reception, song and artist information, which of course has a lot to do with us, and the ability to choose between multiple programming options on the same FM frequency. We're working on Duopoly, screw you guys. Yeah. Remember that? Mike Disney? Yeah. We're working on Duopoly, you guys can go to hell. In other words, radio business sucks, find another, you know, on you punk shelter, find something else constructed to get involved in, because it ain't going to be radio sucks. Anyways, Jace is we're not on the same page when it comes to movies, but I couldn't agree with you more regarding backdoor mountain. It wasn't the abrupt genus that filled the screen that turned me off, but to it, it was the other lack of a story and plot. Now here's the sentence that really just crossed my ass, J. No movie has ever gone anywhere so fast. I'm sure that's it. This must be on, he must be on speed, you know, on something. They've a dirty bit to say. No movie has ever gone anywhere so fast. All the hoopla and press this thing received just proves the controversial subject will sell the mercenary matter one. It was like watching a Western version of Will and Grace powerable. That's a day. Yeah. Western Will and Grace. No, it wasn't even that. I mean, that was just incidental to it. All the factory. That was almost incidental. It just didn't go anywhere. It just applied. I wanted to go through the whole thing. It sucks. I don't know if anybody says in the proves what I just said a minute ago, America is all about heights. The whole world is all about height. Just like that stupid. Oh, there's an invention coming. That's going to change the way we all live and they're all going to be. Yeah, remember that? Oh, yeah, the segue. The segue. How many people out here in this audience, you think ever not only have them, but nobody who owns one? About third man. Exactly into this. Segway my ass. God. Type. Just like I think, but an open book. Type. And it turns out to be a bunch of lies, but all those women. If Oprah tells these women to go and fart in somebody's face man, they're down at all fours. Just squeezing for a good reason. Because Oprah said so. And that's what the world's all about. The world are a bunch of sheep, man. Maybe that was the real message in Brian bearback mountain. But they're not the world of sheep. Yeah. Maybe there's a little, huh, message in there somewhere hidden. All them sheep up there in the woods. And all they could do is attack each other. This is Neil Roger. All the sheep down here was played. It's 5.62. Go go go go go. He's so down. And nothing brings it until you. He's there as like a bomb. He's got the biggest deep goal on the rail. But now, Tom will just tell you through you. You've got to feel so true all the sudden. So what's real? Who might have seen a standing there on the attack with an attorney who's dead? They say he's making a screen. Or anything's on the screen. Go ahead and draw up. Just like Donald Trump. Don't be a child. You're a Donald Trump. 10. 10. He took a 5.62 WDQ. I'm happy Monday, too. We've got a furnish of the day to be having a door from 2 to 4. And I'd go for the 7. Goal the night. What we got a lot of gulley on here. Too much of the ass may 7.10 tonight. It's 10 o'clock. Goal the 7. 3. 3. The panthers. And if there's one thing, it'll send almost everybody in the audience to another station, to the IT room, to diving off the balcony. It's a hockey talk. Not what I'm saying. Hockey talk. Hockey talk. And just so that you know, and I told you this before the show, I will not be watching the last hour and a half or half of a long it is of a various mountain. See, I'm all broken up. 20, a month, a month. I thought about it. I thought about it. I considered it. It was a great experience. So that's the reason why I didn't have to go down. I've got to work in this tree. I said, I'm so happy that I did. Because I'd rather watch movies, I'd rather watch one that I enjoy as opposed to watching being obliged. It's like a bliketer. Well, you've got to watch this because everybody's waving about it. Well, let's say I'm a true with that awful awful. That other one. The, uh, the cost of guard constant guard not, the guard the guard. But about high in Marlon, guard my. You know, I undo the same thing I did. A week or two ago, I got a whole pile of poles here now. That's good. inspired myself to do one which may be for tomorrow. Who or what is the biggest hype of all time? All right. I got my church. Do you want to hear my list so far? Sure, but I'd like to go ahead and go into the result from Friday where the one we got going today. That's how, that's how Paul and Pennsylvania I'm right now. The segue, which you just mentioned, Elvis, the Beatles, American Idol and Religion. Oh, you don't have my choice on there. What's that? Hey, it's Halley. Oh, Howard Stern. Yeah. That was how it happened. I thought I might have been missing something there. Howard Stern, that's good. Anyway, I'm Friday. We did this pull over the weekend. Though you've seen every episode many, many, many, many times. What TV series will you never get tired of watching with? 2441 votes. Holy, Molly. Too bad not as many people read the bedtime stories as vote on these stupid polls, you know it? If we had a lot more people reading the bedtime stories, we were so feverously to get on there for you. Although the sad part about that is even when we do get a big result, it's usually like story about the just aforementioned Howard Stern. We had one a few days ago that was the most read story of the day or one about the Rolling Stones and the words that got bleeped out in the Super Bowl and they thought it was really stupid. That got the most reads on that day and I just want to kill myself. And we can make those headlines, whatever we want. Why don't we just put it like a P word or a T word? Yeah, we had line. Yeah, we did that. We get a thousand reads on a story one day. Yeah, vice president. Absolutely. No, vice president falls off. There you go. Punishism for his errand ways. Right. The man, the way to actually, anyway, TV series. He'd never get out of watching sign, felt for 70. Since since 241 Star Trek 2016, all in the family, 162, mesh 154. It's bad. I'm going to put that on this other pool. All right. Good choice. Huh? I mean, that show is sucked. And anyway, a sound park 143. I'm married with children 79. Family guy 73. So, frango 69. I love loosely 56. Law and order 55. Mighty Python, flying circus 54. Cheers 53. The honeymoon is 48. 40 towers 44. Kirby enthusiasm 33. Friends 32. NYPD Blue 31. Sanford and Sunhead. About 30 men. Rest of development 27 also 27. Miami, vice, Hawaii, 5. All in Batman. Sex in the city 22. Wild Wild West 21. Hogan's hero is 21. Beverly Hillville is 21. Aqua Teen Hunger Force 20. The Andy Griffith's show 20. Law before he made that movie a face in the crowd. Or long after. I got to get that to. I forgot to give that yesterday. David, I read the review on it and it's just, I mean, 85 stars out of 10. Really? 24. Had 19. Green acre's 15. Soap 14. Scrub 13. Monk 12. What does Monk? It's OCD detective show with the. Hey, the odd couple 11. Mary Teller, more show 11. The Jefferson's 11. The Shield 10. 9. 8. Mission Impossible 86. Codeiac Solomon Thesis. Future Ramaph 5. Mikhail's Navy 5. The prisoner only 5. Poor Patrick McGoon. What's he doing? LA Law 4. Parfuch Family 3. So that means a guy with the eyes voted three times. Canon. Noah's boyfriend voted once. Canon 3. And 77. Sunset strip. We were passed 2,000 votes and still didn't have any. And then two out of sympathy voted two for a. 77. And only three for Canon. Four. You must take fat people. What's wrong with you folks? Frank Cannon was great. Now the public got going today and I don't want to confuse you with a whole bunch of them, but that's good. I like that. It worked very well the other time. Who is the funniest man in history of the movies? And we did this once before, but we only had a very limited number of choices on here. I don't know why. In fact, when I look back through the history of the ancient polls and the ancient Egyptians, I just, I don't find like a whole lot of choices we put on there. Why is that? I guess we're refining our pool methods. You know, kind of like they do with the elections in the US. They refine the way they do it to the pooling. You know, one for Carrie Fyra for Bush. Who is the funniest man in history of movies? And we already got 349 votes and I just put this on her. I forgot to do it last night. I just stuck it on her before the show. Now it works 51 Peter Sellers 36. Oh, that's that blazing sandals crowd again. That's right. You know, now it works this funny, but he's not that funny. No. Exactly. I think that his wife and bankrupt was a lot of funnier than he is. Okay. No, I don't you think? Sure. She was pretty funny in Fyra. Yes, she was. You don't think? Especially. Especially when she said things like, You're a teony. Like that. And she wrote it and directed it too. I think she was pretty talented. She was great. Now works 51 Peter Sellers 36. The real Inspector Kinesu. Gratomarks of the he was a bastard, but then again, we're not asking who did you like. You know, he's a lot of people can't separate that. Gratomarks 33. In fact, did we really need to know that he was a bastard? Is that? Is that? Yeah, I don't know. No, I don't know that. You know. Gratomarks 33. Richard prior 27 John candy 27. Roddy Dangerfield 25. Who finally croaked. Am I right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, he sure hung on a long time. He was dying there. He was dying longer than, uh, what's the very Hagman? Very Hagman's been dying for about 10 years now. It's been carried 21. More Howard 19 not to be confused with . . . Now you're probably asked, well, how come he didn't put the other Stooges on there? How come he didn't put the other Stoges on there? Or like John Tases got 16. How come he didn't put Eric Eyelon there, a tear gillium? Right? Well, where's the damaged happened, who was this. Oh, yeah. That's put them all on there. All right. See, one of it's seen, we've got to some other ones. Like I put Abonco Stella when the, because he can't separate him. Right. And Laura La Hardy and he never, uh, did ever perform separately. John Valuci 14. Woody Allen 10. 10 Laurel and Hardy 9 see like that Chevy Chase 9 until he tried that TV show and then people said oh you can me oh we got it that's pretty funny alright Jean Wilder 9 WC field 7 haven't cost L7 can't separate but haven't Luke Costilla with the hose we're gonna hose our reading about but ever was like a real pro I was reading something about that yeah that's true Steve Barton 7 who I really believe is but that's beside the point who really cares Charlie Chaplin 7 Jerry Lewis has only said come on lady if forgetting what he used to do really funny would he smelkin in the dragon Albert Albert Brooks 3 Harold Lloyd 3 well we were to have some old old Luke Michael boys yeah Harold Lloyd has before I was once right here how to explain to that is to the Harold Lloyd was a he was in silent movies you know who Charlie Chaplin was right but Harold Lloyd was supposed to be the greatest comic of all time I see what about Buster Keaton he's coming five hope three Buster Keaton 2 in Verlard or have any Albert Lard the cowardly lion come on what's wrong with you I want to interview it Verlard on radio station if Selani Michigan on a few years ago where I worked for about three weeks did you ask about he would do if he were the king of the forest no I asked him how come he looks so old and Jewish I don't know what to like talk to him Bob what would you what would you I was sitting outside of a a came art really an interview to Verlard in if Selani Michigan which is a radio station that was owned by a guy named Hal Mun who was our consulting engineer in Marshall Michigan then when that station like I don't know I left with John meter who was the general manager we wound up getting this job in if Selani Michigan and Hal Mun was in one of these real fanaticos was before the board again Christian thing ever nobody ever heard of that then but he was a real fanatic religionist and so he didn't allow any cigarette advertising or booze advertising on a station and so like we got there it took place was like a joke you know in fact when we got there was like a religious station and we're playing like all the religious programs so we changed into a music station playing at her Alperton like you know easy listening crap taking my Perry calm all round and round don't do it so anyway after about the third fourth day I got disgusted and on be honest to me I said I worked there for three weeks I think I worked there for three days and how Mun was flying in his private plane from a cold water Michigan which is when a Southern of Burdam by Indiana and he was flying in it's Alamey and I'm on here and I'm playing in the same we had these old big discs that had beer and cigarette commercials on okay and I was playing him on here just just to be a bastard because I was so you know a key all of the whole situation there was it it was even worse disaster than QA and so of course he came in and that we all got fired but that's okay. Trie up written simply free votes on air graham chaplain and I'll see that we had Graham Chapman he's on a giga did we had uh uh uh uh air archival no no let's get with that what's right is he to see chop liver for my money he's about as funny as any of them right you don't think I absolutely agree they're all funny in the road I mean I'm tempted to play just a little bit here's a little number I wrote the other day while not duck hunting with a judge oh hopefully i was expecting there's something we've even tried. Six лишions was You forever. He's washing the glasses. But you'll be happy. First half of the day amendments come out from the club. And then you'll be happy. And then you'll be happy. And then you'll be happy. And then you'll be happy. And then you'll be happy. And then you'll be happy. And now from the club they're together. Be the partir of somebody Every husband is alone. One dear only with you In the dark and��다 she's got fl thrilled to wear. We have a good day. We just see how to sound. And not a daughter who we sound less. And of course, sometimes we'll see. Lots and other movies I saw, but we can't. Which I can't turn off as one of those should have been on it. Remember we had the thing about when you came off when it comes on TV. But I'm a cheerleader. Oh yeah. That's one of the life that isn't. That's one of the funniest movies ever seen in my life. Just a panic. There's a little girl. What's her Leone, the touch of Leone or what's her. I don't know what her name is. The red one. Oh Natasha. Historical. Anyway, Cheney accidentally shoots fellow hunter in case you've been under a rock or just all past out. Tongue over all weekend. Sure, took a while for the story to come out though. Yeah. Happened on Saturday and then yesterday we're getting breathless updates. Well, I got to tell you a little thing here. I'm just full of it today before we get to this. 645 on Friday evening. I'm watching the NBC evening news, which I do every night. I think going to commercial. So I start channel surfing. I go over to CNN real quickly. And Lou Doves, the anxious fat faced big mouth. Lou Doves. He's got Ed Rollins, the Republican and Joe Klein representing the less than the right wing on the other side. He's been there and I'm going to say I'm mesmerized and they're ripping the bush of an estration for being the most incompetent butch in the history of the country. And just totally inept and they're like in there. They can't even function anymore. And the government is like incompetent and Lou Doves, who is one of the biggest bush of politics. Unless he's talking about outsourcing the jobs for illegal aliens. Those are his only two issues. But other than that, always sucky, sucky. He's got that little American flag on his lapel. He's he looks in the camera and says, and where have we been? Where has the movie? It's like all of a sudden he got religion. Looking at born again. Where has the media been? Why haven't we been reporting this? You guys are absolutely right. This administration is totally inept and they're frozen and they can't do anything. They're like incompetent and blah blah blah blah. And I thought to myself, I have to be dreaming this. And so I rewound it because you know when you're watching when you're, you know, got that Tvo feature and like even though you're not recording. Like if you're watching the channel, they can rewind it. Right? And I had to rewatch those five minutes again just to make no. Just to make sure that I didn't dream it. And then last night at 11 o'clock, when why they didn't have it on before the election, you know, in 2004, got only knows. But CNN puts on the CNN presents and they have the whole history, the whole evolution of this lie about the justification for an Iraq and the aluminum to you and the conglies and the mushroom cloud and all the sexing up of information. And they had the whole thing on it was almost like I was watching the CBC documentary that we hit on our website or any of this other stuff. So I'm not what's going on, but maybe at least for the weekend or for a couple of days, somebody over there at CNN got religion. I don't get that. Maybe they stuck there or finger out the window and they realized that the wind is blowing in the opposite direction and they better like jump on some other black, that gland wagon. Vice President Dick Taney accidentally shot and wounded a companion during a weekend, Quill Honey Trip and Texas spraying the fellow hotwood in the face and chest with shotgun pellets. Henry Weddington, a millionaire attorney from Austin was alert and to in fine in a corpus Christi hospital, he's doing fine. After he was shot by Taney on a ranch in South Texas, said Katherine Armstrong, the property owner. He was described as unstable condition. Armstrong interviewed with the associated press at Wittings in 70. It was mostly in German's right side, with the pellets hitting his cheek neck and chest during the incident which occurred late afternoon on Saturday, but they kept it the secret until afternoon yesterday. He said emergency personnel traveling with Taney tended to witting Taney ambulance arrived. Taney spokeswoman Lee Ann McBride said the vice president was with Wittington as wife at the hospital yesterday, the shooting was first reported by the Corpus Christi collar times. The vice president's office didn't disclose the accent till nearly 24 hours after it happened. Just not suddenly a champ of quidicol over again, only nobody died yet this time. Armstrong said while she was watching from a car while Taney, Wittington and another hunter got out of the vehicle to shoot in a cubby of quile. A cubby of quile. Wittington shot a bird went to look for it in the tall grass while Taney and the third hunter walked to another spot and discovered a second cubby, a cubby of quile. Wittington came up from behind the vice president and the other hunter and didn't signal him or indicate to the door and out himself. Hey, I'm over here. Yeah, here. Which of course is ridiculous. The vice president didn't see him, she continued. The cubby flushed and the vice president picked out a bird and was spottling it and by the bay. And by God, Harry was in the line of fire, got pepper pretty good. Don't teach you, Harry. That's such crap. Wittington has been a private practice in turn in the Austin but we put a boot piece of clothes, property with a list of a lot of many dogs. He's another one of these rich fast food right away. You know? This is something that happens from time to time. You know, I've been pepper pretty well myself, Sir Armstrong. Cheney's spokesman. Uh huh. Yeah, pepper. Cloth peppers. By the way, the water not see get fired yet or what? Oh, she is just unacceptable on a human level unacceptable and every aspect. Goodching people, I'll cause they don't want to sign a card. Mind your all business and boy, you talk about somebody that was like an appendage to Greg Reed. I think they were like sewn together at the hip. James and Sir are Brady made comments that they related to vice president Cheney's accidental shooting in Texas. Now I understand by Dick Cheney keeps asking me to go hunting with him said Jim Brady. I had a friend once who I suddenly shot a peloton with his dog and I thought he was an idiot. I thought Cheney was scary for a long time, Sir Brady said, now I know I was right to be nervous. He's a very scary man. What a disgusting. There's no acceptable reason for that to have happened. No, except that he's an idiot. He's a responsible, careless. Well, John Nichols writes, Cheney gives his gun. He said, sure it's been fun joking about the fact that Dick Cheney obtained five, count them five deferments to avoid serving in the military during Vietnam. Sure it's been a museum to recount his limp claim that the man who served as George Bush the first secretary of defense had other priorities than taking up arms in the fence of his country. Sure it was a laugh on the chief cheerleader for the war in Iraq, Mark John Kerry, for having actually carried a weapon in time before, but now it's time to stop laughing at Dick Cheney's expense. Now that the vice president is accidentally shot and wounded, they compared it on a quail hunt at the elite Texas France where rich man played with guns, spraying his 78-year-old victim of friend in the face in Shesley, Sharkham, Palace, and sending the man to the intensive care unit a corpus-grissie hospital. It's become clear that Cheney was doing the country's service when he avoided service. Despite the best efforts of Cheney's apologies to have it otherwise, the man of the vice president of Mr. Quail, millionaire attorney Henry Wittington was in plain sight, wearing a bright orange vest as a time to present in place to them. U.S. troops had enough problems in Vietnam without letting a trigger happy incompetent like Dick Cheney start shooting things up from behind the lines. Those the firmants were well and wisely issued. For the poll, curly Howard, somebody says, Now let's give curly on there along with a droid boy. See, I guess we should have put the three stuages since we did that in Custell, to right now though. Well, we can do it today, we want. Can we really? Yes. Someone I heard. It's not what Joyce said. 417 votes. The funniest man in his view movie is now Brooks 68, Peter Cellus 41, Graves from R36. Richard prior 33, Jim Carrey 28, what's his name? Not Richard. George Fennerman. Still dead? Thanks. Jim Carrey 28, John Candy 28, Rodney Dangerfield 27, howard had 20? But only one D at the end. John C. 20, John Volucin 19, Woody Allen 14, Laurel and Hardy 11, our Chevy Chase 11, G Wilder 10, WC Fields 8, Evan Custell O.A. What have made too much? Jerry Lewis 8. Hey, lady. Come on. Jerry Lewis only 8. He's pretty funny. Looking. Yeah. Steve Martin 7, Charlie Chaplin 7, especially when his head blew up like a balloon at time. Albert Brooks 6, Harold Lloyd 3, Bob Hope 3, see Harold Lloyd's got 3, what do you know? Who was to keep in two? Bert Lar finally got one. Who could that? The cowardly lion. Bert Lar. That's a. Yeah. Curly Howard, Michael Palin, why didn't even know we put him on there? We put him on there. Although, he did. Charlie, a. Money Python, Terry, Gilliam, Eric, Idl and Graham, Chapman and they all have none. How can, how can, well, we got a long way to go, money. Get those money Python people. Thanks a lot. He's Neil Roger. Wait a minute. I think this piece 5. 16, 16, 18, 10. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your boy. Any questions? Oh, what in the ass? I can get a little piece of oil. I'm going to get you in here, not a little bit. When I wait, you wait here. I do not know, but in fact, I'm like honey, even. That's for you. Failure. You're watching me in a doot. Stand fake. I'll find a nice Hawaiian tongue. You. A. A. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. Bert Lar. student lot we have to occur this today and we were following door between two and four. Kind of embarrassing. I have to occur this is honest in the verse and we don't have somebody on there. Anyway interviewing a Wayne Heisen Good Jr. says the Palm Beach Post, the man gobbling a primary beer of beach waterfront land, the way Ricky Williams eats up football yards, comes with strings attached these days. The 44-year-old son of the Martin County based dolphin's owner, Wayne Heisen, go once to guarantee. To laugh some control over what's printed. He needs to be sure as strong will exist leaves are highlighted. I want to understood that there may three dimensional person on a husband or father or four a businessman and an evangelical Christian junior says. Well praise the Lord Jesus Christ and his device president says past the ammunition. And those who are out with him in the late 90s the entire statement sounds like an epic turnaround. Tying a junior after all was the wild one. He couldn't turn down a drink. He spent as much time in million dollar fishing tournaments as it worked. His job was named Florida fishing after his wife or fond of fishing. The fun of the day in that cute after his wife Fonda found the fishing. Cruman wore poach shirts with a dryer perfectly bucksome mermaid with fondest face. Now junior spends at least one full day a week at the giant Calvary Chapel in North Fort Lauderdale and Wednesday nights and Saturday nights. Now the weather was easy to not job. Still don't think housing a junior isn't right to follow in the footsteps of his tough business man dead who built up blockbuster and auto nation. Junior's finding time to assemble enough reverberate beach properties to build a $100 million retail and residential project expected to lift the blighted city. My conversion came five years ago junior says that was at Calvary. There was thunder and lightning outside. I ended up on my knees. Listen to this. I ended up on my hands and knees crying and asking Jesus to come into my heart. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. Sure. What's with that? First he confesses it wasn't easy. I've still go up to him and ask glancing at our breasts are those new. But suddenly I felt so bad I had to walk away and ask Jesus for forgiveness. Finally he has senior junior says he no longer feels empty. My dad asked me that if I thought God was calling me to be a pastor junior said I don't think so. I'm exactly where I should be. I'm a missionary and an evangelist and of course he's also making a big box. That's not in the art of the life I thought I better put that in it. Making a big box. Where's he's got the evangelical spirit but not that much. Paul Amos and Andy. No. No, that's for the funny guys funny movie guys. I'm a candy. Okay. They did movies. I don't know. I don't know. I'm sure they did. Google it. I'm sure there was an Amazon Andy movie. There was an Amazon Andy TV show and a radio show with the white guys on a radio and spread whatever that person. Remember that? Yes, I did. On the TV show and anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You must get a few calls here going okay. We have 15 different polls going. So you don't want to do that one about the movies with bad endings yet because we're just doing a movie full here last Friday. We start doing too many movie polls and I call it. I don't like movies and I got the item. But I'm a cheerleader. I only got TV results for that. Yeah, I don't have any moves. I don't think they did any movie famous man. I think it's just a racial thing. So I'm going to try to stir the pot. That's what that's all about. I don't believe it. David. I'm going to play in, hello. 2 AM. Yeah, you're going to be more in the law. Yeah, move this. Move your ass a little. That's good. Tell me 2 AM, hello. And I need all the fine things around the game today. Captain, I added. Okay, very sensible. And the just just marked that down in your sleeve. They're tapping on his every day and always having always will be. Big deal. Yeah, see, I've got a very first call. I got with no material and so he steals from some bits that called on Friday. He must have been taking time that all weekend long. Wasn't that great? I was spectacular. Right out of the box after an hour of sitting here talking about 85,000 different things in the first call. And you know, can we move it up again? Ripping off some nasty bitch. To me, the water now, see, seem almost tolerable. Almost being the operator board. WQA, hello. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 6 AM. Do you hear about Rick Wally? What about him? He's back on a radio done in the state of the market report. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. No. That kind of radio aware. Since we know it's big. I think it was 1940 or 6 Sanders. I've been looking around. No. Just show a little spot. No. Yes. No. 560, 560, pond 560 and the Verizon and doing the market report. Oh, you want to? Maybe the hog market. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Or Neil? Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Pretty good. I've got a two-free or poll. The first one, Andy Kaufman. Oh, God. Okay. No. You may sure, when you said it, we'll put it on there. Okay, and then the second lead is my debut a little bit, but a Jim Carrier. Why? Jim Carrier. Oh, Jim Carrier. What do you mean by, Datesh Jim Carrier? What do you mean by, Datesh Jim Carrier? Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Okay, thanks. We. Well, I'm thinking very, very, very, very, very, very, very seriously. I think I had the right idea. Now, management won't like it. And a lot of other people in the building, especially your buddy Miguel, who's coolist, they won't like it. I'm just thinking of taking this phone and shove it down over the balcony. Well, I would like it, but I don't believe it. You don't believe one. You're good that you would do that. Why not? Did I do it for seven months? You did it for seven months. Did I survive? We have pretty good ratings. We had the, you know, some of the people. See, I'm not, I'm not interested in people that want their own show. Go, go, apply. We got plenty of openings. Okay. Get your own show. But that's what a lot of these people want. Like this Riley with his evening in facts is speaking a Riley. You know, it's just, it's just a lot of frustrated people that want to be in and then people that like rip off other people have no originality. They got nothing to say. That's how Florida for you. And it's just pointless. You just chillin' my time. That's all. You're killing me. Thirty, freaking years. Not third man. Let's see, there's a 13th. It's a short month. We got 15 days left in February. So like a little over two weeks, two weeks from Wednesdays March 1st. Am I correct about that? Right? Right. That's correct. Two weeks from Wednesday. Well, March 30 years have been doing this crap on here in this market. Been very good to me as somebody we know would say. Made me a lot of money. But I knew this for you. The calls are pathetic. You people have nothing to say about anything. So Florida is pathetic. The happiest people I ever hear from other ones are saying, hey, good news. I'm moving next week. We're getting a hell out of here. Final. Those are the happy people. Or envy them. Yeah. I just can't imagine what it would have to be like. I'd be in a box already. There's no question about that. I'd be already in a box. If I had to be there. Right. Five, six, six. But I'll continue playing it away. You know, maybe I'm wrong about that. Maybe, oh, no, because remember I took the pull on that once. No, no, the car is making the show. We get a whole bunch of people listen because they want to hear idiots on the radio. Believe me, we sure know why you're not on that. No, no. And then I got news for it. The people call the sports shows, even though it's a different nature. It's the same crap. It's the same people on both stations. And they call others shows they call them. Right. That's correct. They just like the garden was calling. Remember that promo at promo? I should do. Mo. Don't do. Yeah. I like that guy. The gardener. Very, very tragic. WKWAM, not like, hello. Not there. Market down line one. Working. By the way, engineering staff is really the best, too. Make no mistake about that. Coming this morning, everything is like twisted upside. The weekend is always a disaster. A QAM. Well, apparently there were power out in here. Right. Exactly. There was no feed coming from here over the weekend. As of yesterday, it's just still the same old jazz. Okay. He's coming on two to four jazz and the K. QAM, hello. We're glad we stole some of my free things. WKWAM, hello. Yeah. But the poll, I would suggest, carry grant. Carry grant for what? For the funniest man on the movies? Who's crazy? He's funny. And there was another thing. Just maybe old. I don't know. He was also a, anyway. Yeah. Yeah. My wife. Here he grant wasn't a comedian. He was in some funny movies, but he wasn't a comedian. He'd been going. Anyway, funny movies. Anyway, there's another thing. It's maybe old movies. It's a video that you can see online called Jesus Mutsurize. Yeah. It's just worth looking at. And what were you finding? Uh, Google Jesus Mutsurize video. I'll email you a link. Okay. Why you have you seen it? It was a little bit of it. It's cute. It's a, Jesus music video. You know, they saw an I will survive. It's quite an I see a junior on it. Right. Oh, yeah. He heard thunder and lightning on the outside. And he got on his hands and knees and prayed for Jesus to save him. Oh, Jesus Christ. That's just, I can't deal with it. I just cannot deal with it. I'm just going to put on a burlap sack. Not the one I was supposed to wear today, but like a different one. And just wander off into the hinterlands. I'm going to go like up to Mutsurize and up to a campus casing and the pie. And I'll just anywhere. Just wander around in the woods. And then of course, if I see the vice president, maybe I can go hunt with him. We can go get some loose. Do I have a Hello? Do I have a Hello? Do I have a Hello? Do I have a Hello? Do I have a Hello? Do I have a Hello? That's too much. What? Here's the right. Do I have a Hello? What? I mean, I don't know. Pretty good. Hey, I got one for you. What about then? I'll show up. If anybody's never mentioned that. And it's too far. The shows. What shows? I guess I got the long information. Sorry. Now you're right. Who would want to miss this? Right, I would. You're absolutely right. There's a message coming from South Florida. You can hear it. That's it. WCWAM, hello. Hey, how you doing now? OK. Do you want to show it down with you? Yes. Instead of getting George Bush and Peach, they should make him, uh, the Chinese, uh, hunting partner there. Yeah, OK, great. How do I know that would wouldn't be very long before we hear that? Huh? I thought we hear it much sooner than we would actually have been on it all. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, and they've arrived in a regular wireless line. A little tap on the door. WCWAM, hello. Hey, Neil, good morning, Gario. Yes, sir. When is the is happening Monday? Hey, I've got a question for you. I know you're kind of into cars. But if you had to buy a four door sedan, it would mean to that you would consider how it's not there. How about buying a four door sedan? This is their answer to your question? Wow. WCWAM, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I think, well, I guess I can see what you're doing. Yeah. Row and Alcalfit. Who is it? Row and Alcalfit. Row and Alcalfit. Row and Alcalfit. Row and Alcalfit. Row and Alcalfit. Row and Alcalfit. Who the hell is that? He's a bit awkward to be loved. Oh, no, no, no. Get out of here, Mr. Bean. You really want to put that on there? Do I? Yes, you just can be. You ask the caller. I'm asking the world. Holy, Moly. I remember I was on African Waterland. It was maybe pretty air once I was at her series. The blackout of the series is that he did. We're very close. Oh, my Mr. Bean. But I never saw the seedling. I figured, pardon? I said I ever saw a bit of Mr. Bean. Moldon. You know, who it is, though? He's funny in his series, the blackout. That's a funny series. But I haven't seen the blackout. Put him on there. Put Mr. Bean. Whatever his name is. Oh, and act in sin. I think I better get out of my hands in these and pray that Jesus. I really do. Just like Wayne Hives in the junior. Maybe I'll find a hundred million dollars waiting for me somewhere. And a bag or a gay cowboy. Or maybe just move a bag waiting for me. If he knows his behind. 1113 at 5.60 WQA. Oh, god. Oh, good. If Nancy K was leaving, o ring. She's locked up from behind. Bang bang torn, you still the hammer came down upon her knee. Bang bang torn, you still the hammer made sure of victory. But when they've made round on years and not like Routal, her every move. She can find her bruises or found her men's proud of Routal. She's focused on pancakes away into the sand murder on her mind. She has never minded a challenge of Routal. But how they make a break for the door. But it's too late to run. Bang bang torn, you still the hammer just smashing in the head. She would not leave me alone. Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang camera bangs bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang搭 bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang I just said there was not one of the greatest movies ever saw and so I'm like all right all right I'm a little bit like it I'm gonna see it a hundred times certainly not one of the greatest movies ever made for the it's a good choice big comes fan did it and a funny guy not as fun as he used to be but the funny guy but then again Jim carries not only not as fun as he used to be just annoying we wish he'd go away good Canadian boys Jim carry five six seven in that oh and Aaron how could we have left often we leave off Leslie and Elson how could we do that how did we do that speaking to good Canadian boys that that is an infom the we left them off the first time we did this pool and just because it was not he had no Roberto Benini but then who it's any it no Mr. Bean I can't believe that you're defending that you think he's only you've never seen that series I have seen the movie I know I know so oh Jane and Silent Bob well I'd never heard I said I was going to go up to Mooster all they've been in pretty good A for all your Hoesies Jane and Silent Bob as a team Leslie Neil soon you got it we got it five and of course airplane was no blazing settles that's for sure well you know you see I keep forgetting I was just remind myself of one thing vanilla ice cream that's all McDonald's vanilla ice cream the fact that you know this is what it were said with most American people and that's fine I hope you have a good time hope you and Alberto see a look WQA and hello yes sir for your poll for today Dave should tell Mr. B was finally before he started opening his mouth and for tomorrow's poll any private debt of election okay thank you right you know movies yes he has been okay well at least I'm ready to move his insurance your unknown TV shows while they tried to mess with him so I think although he did stay on Oprah that he wants to do me show again he was on Oprah this year's you know what the hell was on Oprah I read that must have paid for a commercial thing or what must be well they're both black no you notice two why see if's your winner what I'm gonna tell you this a good damn good thing you went over there in the water not see and signed that good by card for Greg Reed I'll tell you that right now I might have been booted there's any chance you get in that big raise not that they're probably is especially now that the beesley's other profit is down I mean that's stopping to get about that article about how cocky that is in other words they had one point six million dollars revenue from the dolphins last year meaning two thousand four and of course we but you you know I don't know what they paid for the rights but it sure is how was more than that right let me have paid like at least two and a three million maybe more than more than that and the other guys are paying four and a half million year for like five years if you live to be four thousand I've ever made that money back I need to break the news you Joel you're never gonna make that money back it's a lost leader factor whole station is a lost leader WQAM hello you put Jay little on your follow he's whole area yeah yeah and does a lot of movies too it did one well that was enough don't you dare put that are you kidding me that chicken jaw piece of turd the chicken jaw yeah he's got a chicken jaw good one answer best call so far QAM hello yes yes sir how you uh Mike Myers for the four my guys not okay boys either Canadians are killing them yes yeah listen it's really hard these people the why I think they were supposed to be Jamie Lee brings me in or after I believe and our teacher from non-story the masochid in the headlight this is pretty cute that's life paling well they're trying to sign a mirror okay good luck you sound pretty depressed I don't blame them let's have some more investigation let's have some committees and some more hearings and some more meetings and some more reports in fact we got the whole report coming on at hurricane Katrina thing and yeah a lot of committees and a lot of money being spent a lot of time being wasted and let's let and let's fight out what we knew already in the first place you know about incompetence and nepotism and cronyism all these all of these things right right see our government the so incompetent that they have to hold hearings to find out things that even an average drunk on a street corner could tell you right off the bat without even thinking about it too much 26 past 11 why tell you what what now how almost like you talk me in the shutdown he's great calls but he's always tried to do that selfish right you want to show according to the world according to George who doesn't and I still don't say I don't think Michelle will use that cute I was pretty disappointed that's fine you know you know what the interesting things in that movie one of the props that's really interesting I know what you would call that thing that big like like a playground kind of a thing that dish that revolves around it aligned together on the dish with the the merry-go-round no that's not a merry-go-round what are you talking about merry-go-round there's the one that's all and then the one in the playground is also called a merry-go-round do we have different kind of merry-go-round one I was known entry school I like was it merry-go-round it goes on a circle right the can there's a lot of you know I beg your part and push it yourself to kids hang on you push it around circle yeah those just a interesting scenes when he was under would make sure Williams and she start crying hold finally got there and then when he was under with his of course next door his step was half brother and that was under with mom I still think that that's one of the neatest you know and remember they were out there throwing crap throwing rocks through a window is a whatever they were doing it's just that was kind of warm and amusing because most parents are yeah yeah they are 20s take it from two guys who know although Josh has got great parents not together no more but especially fun well I yeah you just say that because you're hoping you know to latch on what's that all about yeah that happened she's protected it she really she's very nice really nice lady 27 past I thought I was kind of also heartwarming and the story that Vernon hooked up with Michelle and that kind of interesting poor Vernon who is on a virgin kill himself right not that that was a morbid depressing movie in a lot of parts or he was okay with suicide and then there in the assembly in school I have a very sad announcement you know that girl that he saw in a hospital there she or off to somewhere well you know practice I guess makes perfect for you won't you don't believe this I almost did the same thing now that I did the other day maybe maybe I just tore up and he's a cop yeah I know it's got a spot yeah they come said are possible I don't know I was a thought I'd just get this CD player to queue up a listener oh I was going to play the banjo music can't do it well we don't need anyway with lightning quick speeds the latest features and security countcast high speed internet leaves DS on the dust and today you can get on board 29 95 a month or two months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes comcast high speeder net is up to four times faster than DSL 1.5 and up to a hundred times faster than dial up whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games you're just surfing your favorite sites comcast reliable fast connection means to be flying through the internet plus when you sign up for comcast high speed internet you'll get instant access to free features like the fan video mail comcast rapsity radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few not only that but you get macophysicurity tools included so you can rest assured that you're in that experience will always be safe and secure so what you wait and for start doing a lot more faster than you ever could before son up for comcast high speed internet today for only nine 95 a month or two months and you wonder how you ever got along without it in date call three or five comcast and in broad well nine five four comcast this is Neil Rogers this is five sixteen two eight you're in supreme court pyramid winner circle for a spot on the nation's highest court start the clock the great wall of china Michael Moore thanks you can say from at a start you're a kid Kennedy there it all the new and a frosted plate, a present in forest. Shane's at all in a crowd! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I'm a pretty sweet, by the way, Ariel's sure on is still alive. They missed it interpreted the, he was story. We approached from Jerusalem. Oh, yeah? Then you hear the story over the weekend that they were no whole bunch of his intestines. Really? Didn't see that? The torch, kichkees out? Well, no, actually, what it was is they, they moved 80-percently. He was a little bit of a silly, a stupid, stupid. And he still alive. We've been asking all those musical questions on his show Leave It To Me, man. And finally, that discovered he still alive, but we had to take all bunch of his kichkees out. That said, since David LaDelli closed him towards a craft. Who is the funniest man in the history movies we're asking today? 539 votes. We're not going to get no 1000 to date because we've got to lead start. You think we'll get a 1000? Sure, what happened? No. No, bro, 87. Peter Stella's 54. Routure on March 44. Richard Scoothing at Duckton come down and dig tenuishes. Richard Prior 41's Jim Carrey 35 Rodney Dangerfield 35. John Candy 31, another good Canadian boy. More Howard 23, John Klee's 22, John Volushi 22, what a young 19. Chevy Chase 14, Laura M. Hardy 12, Steve Martin 12. Charlie's Chaplin 12, WCfield's 11, Gene Wilder 11. Evan Costello 10, curly Howard 9, Jerry Lewis 8, lady come on, you can do better than Jerry Albert Brooks 6, I think that just most people hate Jerry Lewis now so much that even if they thought he was funny they wouldn't say. Maybe he wasn't that funny any. Or he thought he was funny because it was a little kid, little kid like that. Ray, Bill Murray 4, Dave Schepel III, Harold Lloyd III, the same III, I think all those two people were inspired since we started to pull. Grrr, Laura 3, Bob Hubsry, I'm glad to see him do him up because he wasn't funny, yeah, we're not even close to him. Buster Keaton 22, Bob Buster Haiman, James Silent Bob 1, Rowan Edkinson is there Mr. Bean, that's him, as one and I'm sure it's a guy to call because Mr. Bean's about his body is, he's talking about the thing with the bargaining day. We were talking about Steve Martin, how he used to be funny but he's not anymore. So people can be funny sometimes and not other times. Well, I never saw anyone who was funny Mr. Bean, all right. Well, he was a character in the series that I'm talking about. Well, I don't care. I'm just telling you what I've seen him of Mr. Bean, he's me Schkofi's Eric Idle 1. He's only got one. Jesus God, you people are dull. Don't want to be like vanilla ice cream, Graham Chapman 1, none for Mike Myers, Leslie Nielsen, Roberto Benini, Roberto, Marty Feldman, none, Andy Kaufman, none, Michael Powell and Terry Jones and Terry get a, they don't like Mighty Python. Well, they think they like Mighty Python. I just don't know who's in it. Yeah, exactly. It's making sure. I'll speak in a funny people. Who? It's Mike Brown. Yeah, downtown. They figured out that he's incompetent and downtown Lucky Brown was incompetent and that's a surprise. That's a bulletin by the way. And device president shot that guy. Maybe you find out to guy voted Democrat. Take it, let's. WQAM, hello. Hello. QAM. Oh, yes, sir. Leo. Yeah. Hey, you know, this shooting in Texas with device president? Yes. I heard it with the Republican version of Chapman Quidditch. If this was out there. How many said it? Microsoft says the message to RIM. You're not going to be too happy with Bill Gates now. Of course you don't have a blackberry. No, but I've never liked of anyway. We hate Bill Gates. Microsoft corresponds to unveil several devices today as well as offers from cell phones service providers and it aims that they lucrative mobile email mark and not a lot of them. And if I'm not going to have them any of our research and motions, blackberry device going to publish report. That's RIM. Not to be confused with RIM. Although some of the mic'd be because they are comedian. The Wastley General reports today that Microsoft will introduce four devices to be shipped with its new push email function built in. Poochin. Microsoft has been able to cheaply and easily offer push email, which has a message to office, so does this receive. It's a, a high-imans grade. That is given research in motion, which offers push email on the blackberry competitive advantage. The general reports that Microsoft's new devices are to be manufactured by cell phone and computer makers and include human Packards' new handheld computer call the I pack H.W. to 16900. In addition, the paper reports have a wireless service providers, our launching services, to allow customers to take advantage of Microsoft's push email service including Vodafone Group and singular wireless which Velsouth owns jointly with AT&T. The paper said Microsoft hopes to attract customers to its mobile email service by offering a lower price, especially for corporate clients already using Microsoft's 16 server 2003 software for managing email accounts. But Amelis told the journalist why they expect Microsoft from happily game market share in the mobile email sector. They don't necessarily expect to catch up with RIM anytime. So this is of course assuming that RIM don't go out of business. Microsoft still has some issues in the functionality they can offer than would an Amelis to take notes of research from Gartner told the journal RIM solution is richer in terms of somebody's security and management features. Even without the new competitive challenge for Microsoft, RIM's been out of the gutties of battles that allows you for me as per why we know that MTP but it would be put about. Don't go out of business, we love you. And don't go near Dick Cheney. He'll blow you out of the water. Yeah, well. 560560, we're getting a million great calls that a man each one better than the previous one as we try to move it along. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. Again. 1. 1. 2. 2. 1. 1. 2. 1. 2. 2. 2. 2. 1. 2. 1. 1. 1. 2. 1. 1. 2. 1. I watched three yesterday Very good. But I'm a cheerleader, which of course is yes It's just it's hysterical. It's just the fun one of the funny things you'll ever see. Oh I saw that movie saved remember we were talking about that like a table when it came out about You know girl that the Christian school well listen about Wayne Heisen Good Jr When he got saved in it when he was on his hands and he had the Calvary church. Anyway not bad very cute saved it Sure a little bit not too bad, but it's about Funding the times at a like pedicastal Christian school. Ooh Yeah a lot of Hanky Panky no down and McCullee Colkan isn't it actually did a very good job Is he you have to tell me that because he doesn't look good anymore. Doesn't mean that he's uh, you know Well, well, well, well, well, wait doesn't look good anymore. Oh, didn't you just like him? McCullee Colkan? Yeah, I don't know. I'm leaving right now. I'm walking up. I've been insulted in my life Sometimes it's before I'm used to it doing this show, but that's anyway that is the worst slap in the fat push I have ever had my McCullee Colkan. I'm gonna go stalking Anyway, wasn't a bad I'm gonna get to change to take you on duck hunt Yeah, anybody's a better shot. How can you say that? I like the cally Colkan? I don't know But that was work Good, I don't know people did you want to mo yeah Michael like him, but Michael like anybody on the 12 Anyway, he's a little too late in this movie and he did a fine job And then he's got a brother who's even more annoying than he is Those are kids name good. Oh, I said you got speaking to somebody I used to like and he's he's around a lot now I see him and all these different Well, I'm not watching the movies, but these previous movies that are like I have seen Kevin Dylan Right, what about it boy? He got hit by that ugly stick and I don't want to get that discussion with you again Okay, because McCullee Colkan never looked good as an embryo. He was grow test Okay, okay, even I looks better I didn't know that's saying a lot market David please 19 till noon a Q a M been talking about dry concepts for a very long time in their great expertise Making your carpet took us like brand new. I've used him for over 21 years in my homes down under the best in the world And during this month, I want you to take advantage of their maintenance contract It provided you with a 10% discount on all dry concepts services and putting their one-of-a-kind Carpet cleaning leather drapey or an orrug cleaning Dry concepts also specialize in pet odor treatments ceramic tile and ground cleaning Mcrist clean we say goodbye to those nasty little dust mites and lots more and during this month During February dry concepts has got a special offer for you on a post reclinning Don't replace the furniture just because it's soil left dry concepts Rejuvenate your expensive furniture just to fracture the cost of replacing or repulsed with it I'll draw concepts technicians are especially trained and certified in other words. They know their crap And you always get a written guaranteed price up front before they start their fantastic Professional job for you. Don't be fooled by the emitators or slack-mises You made a big investment when you decorated your home and outstander protect that investment So do the smart thing called dry concepts today toll free and date ground and palm each call 1-800-248-5071 McColley cuck in my ass that's 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website Dry concepts dot com don't forget February special a post reclinning When you call dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight The�� them That's life, she'll buy a lecture But let's think you know you'll give it your why I need it to make you the final I'm in Italy to jolly Now, oh, here she comes And if you know what's your guy Oh, here she comes She's a mess, they're everywhere Oh, here she comes Cause it's not the other way Oh, here she comes She's a mess, still a mess Yeah, you know the Brad Pitt thing is a classic example Let me take the poll on the And of course most of the guys that want to vote on anyway Just like they don't want to talk about humpback mountain Cause it's, yeah, and cause they're still juvenile living in the dark ages They're in denial Oh, okay, cowboy, that's on her dog Right But the thing with Brad Pitt is, and of course with all the makeup that they got on them now For 40 pounds to cover up the beds It's a lot of Hollywood people He still looks pretty much like he did 20 years ago, right Now let me ask you something What made him very popular was because he was so great looking Not because he looked like Sean Cotty Or these other people Oh, what I'm talking about Right, and he was in a while he could actually act Not, forget about that I'm not talking about that I'm going back to your McColle talking thing Which I'm still performing at the mountain ball Oh, you know what was just rising You know, you were not Okay, no you weren't So what did I tell you? He did, right, well Okay, wait for the whole thing I've never told you one thing about What you're listening to me about Brad Pitt All right, you see there is nothing wrong He's living proof in fact If you weren't going to ask for it about women But if you were to ask the average schmuck guy You know, even as embarrassing as it is And I know that it's a threat to your masculinity Who would you consider a good looking actor Most of them would say Brad Pitt Sure, right Right Not that's because he was a pretty boy There's nothing wrong with being a pretty boy There's nothing wrong with being You that kind of look, you know Like Roblob Speak in a pretty boy Roblob, he was real pretty Maybe a little bit too pretty if he asked me You know what I'm saying? But nevertheless Right But you're always busted my balls But why don't we shoot that? What's wrong with that? It's just like that same kid Whatever his name is on a supernatural show Sam Right, fucking small days Exactly it And to solid fun No, it's not Okay I've only ever agreed with you The women have crappy taste Yeah Should I honor my ass As far as I know And I was bragging And ugly I couldn't like go in a hairy way Maybe that's why Ryan Jeremy is so popular Are those issues come out? Sexy is not alive and everything And you read good? I only ever mind You got you on a barf And I told you The criteria for what you don't care what you think But it's easy to do women Okay Trust me You stick to Michelle Williams I'll study for the criteria for women I'll teach If they do I'll teach I'll teach you how to screen They think that's hot You know, this really frost my ass Article that just came up on a son Said a website They won't stop doing this man They won't stop doing it There was a thing they had Maybe it was on CNN over the weekend And they had a woman on their sheet She made a great point You know about how people are just getting Fatter and Fatter and Fatter And you know it's a lost cause I can do it's be more active But there's you know it was great I'd just like it like to attitude There's all this talk And all this bull crap And it got nothing new And they keep repeating the same garbage Over and over again But there's your buddy Lou Dobbs That Nazi Who all of a sudden had a Allucid moment there for about five minutes on Friday What was that all about? All look at that Very mass mountain they just put on there Chocolat lovers Take heart this Valentine's Day Research still shows that your favorite treat Maybe good for you Oh yeah Good cause that's all I mean lately Dark chocolate And at least it appears to have Beneficially high levels of flavonoids And this is no no seriously I've been heard this for like five years now Are those the particles that flavour comes from Natural antioxidants that protect the arteries And reduce the risk of heart disease By lowering blood pressure and cholesterol I'm going to go out and get five pounds of dark chocolate This time I have it a light dark chocolate With extra flavonoids Yeah Generally the darker the chocolate The higher it's flavonoid content Man I'm going to get that Sydney party a brand I just don't skip all that and chew cocoa leaves Like the red wine you share with your sweetheart Adina risk flavonoid blood School along with certain teas and some fruits and vegetables Researchers have yet to pin bone a specific dose of chocolate That will benefit your health and minimize weight gain Although there's no harm in an occasional splurge Experts urge common sense I guess moderation is the key set airing And epidemiold or nutrition that you had epic ding and Harvard Who over the past year has learned more about chocolate Stentifits and just about anyone I wonder how many payrolls he's on huh I wonder if the nestlies and her sheep people got him on the payroll Do you think yes? No question That's the movie All these especially Harvard Remember that doctor your friend Rick Stair and Harvard That was always the big proponent of sugar And lie to his teeth and sugar is good for you and we'll give you cavities and we'll make rats Then we find out he's on the payroll of the damn auto sugar Nazis For even worse than the water Nazi if that's possible She's still under building right away Sorry I was listening to it I think the beast of a Schleffer ass out of there drag around the parking lot and just beat her silly I would come back to watch that God Now after I might want to learn the most unpleasant creatures I'm not going to say people because people would be in salt to the human race So it's nice to see that nothing is changed Remember what I told you? The liars will continue to lie and the game players will continue to play games And the unpleasant hostile nasty anti-social people will continue to be hostile nasty and anti-social Remember anti-social Yeah And of course this article says absolutely nothing about diabetes or about your blood sugar About how chocolate sends it zooming up there to the end of the syllables And that's one of the reasons that we got all these baddest running around 90s Like 14 and 15 type 2 diabetes, which usually you don't get to nearly 40 or 50 But no, oh, it's dark chocolate is really good for just another excuse to when it downcopega I got some great chocolate chip cookies by the way I don't know you don't buy stuff like that But I'm developing a thing now where if I have I just convinced myself it's probably rationalization Or that if I just have stuff like that sitting around in a kitchen I won't go out and buy ice cream and you know, just go nuts Because it working Oh, only done a one day I say work fine. I only had four cookies Five six Five six Five six Well Valentine's time tomorrow, you know that's right give yourself got to teach yourself some nice dark chocolate man Some of that and then of course you can get that real real like 90% cocoa whatever they call that That stuff tastes like crap anyway. No, he's gonna give it try that Oh man, it's a busy nasty And some bitch on the food channel yesterday, she was making like chocolate truffles and tiramisu I was just I thought I was gonna go out of coma just watching the TV Oh brother And then they got that chocolate guy to death by chocolate. They've ever seen that show with his ganache He keeps making a spanish We're just keeping melting the chocolate and shimmering it around and just stick in your head in the bowl and just sucking it up Mamiac Six hundred and five boats. I think we got an outside shot at a thousand a day outside You think you can do it. Let's give it a shot if Josh puts the pedal to the metal and goes in and goes in It goes in and back and tells the water not see the half off Okay, I love this you bad a lot of you see to go back there just slide for a second side of the head Quick quick try the foot Everybody around you bitch Pontius man and his day of movies Mel Brooks 95 Peter cellar's 57 grabbed your marks 51 Richard prior 43 how's he doing? Rodney danger field 43 Jim carry 38 John candy 33 how's he doing? Well, I did people on here, you know what oh yeah In fact so far the first The first seven you got one two three four five dead people on a seven Wow, maybe it's not so good to be so funny John Christ 24 John Belushi 24 more Howard 23 Woody Allen 20 Not even slightly amusing Chevy say 17 Steve Martin 14 Charlie Chaplin 13 Jean Wilder 13 WC field stuff Lauren Hardy doesn't have it in Christ, L. 12 Curly Howard 11 Bill Murray nine Jerry Lewis eight Albert Brooks six Dave's a pelphi Leslie Wilson four Bob hope for her Lloyd three same three old users Bert Lar three Mike Myers only two come on man Buster Keaton to Jay and Silent Bob one Rowan atkinson Mr. Bean has one Eric idle one only one for Eric idle Graham Chapman one Revertha Benini is gun none Marty Feldman non Andy Kaufman non and is certainly so Michael Palantir Jones into a good him out of six other loving God oh Probably we should have done money Python Probably do we didn't know we're not gonna change it why don't we change it I think what I'm gonna do during the break. I'm gonna go out and get that bag of homemade fresh Chocolate chip cookies, okay, and I'm gonna sit in here. I'm gonna look at it the rest of the show Huh, all right, wouldn't it be a good taste to will power are we taking that's all but I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put it on on the one side of the board I'm gonna put the bag of chocolate chip cookies and I'm gonna set them in a fair picture of a colleague This portion of the new Rogers in 12 so when our is brought to you by the led and 12 One two people five six seven eight night 11 12 So I see the pizza Oh Oh Oh I don't know Wow Oh He may be gone but most memories still lives on and he's sure had a lot of cross you know most of it around his back Five sixty W Q M Curtis a two man bargain for a guilty of seven And then any kids 10 here's the facts from Sean. He's got a very good puller. I like that pull don't you said do but I don't always stand for a sentence Let me say Wayne Gresky's wife once was in a movie that required her character to catch a winning bet at the track they had to use a stop man Is that a nope do either of you understand there? No, I know what he's trying to make a joke out of but what is now get it Carter chariot's okay, he said that pulls okay Sean need the comedy to us and the stick with the pulls very excellent pull has some choices for his poll too Yeah, well again that we don't want to be doing like five at the same time. That's what you told me before this show Fire steal fall also anyway. I got my bag here He's smell Oh, man, this is all the way chariot chips is overpowering and the chocolate in there these are like dark chocolate chips So it must be really good for you These are made by a and p canada in Toronto Homestyle gourmet cookies. Now with these are just a pedestrian kind. These are like the real fancy schmancy kind chocolate weekend gourmet cookies with nuts Mmm What kind of just I bigger part what kind of nuts pick hands. Oh, that's why it's called chocolate became gourmet cookies with nuts I just open it up take a look. I'm not even a little bit back By the A and P ever go to a and P five six and let's see fire sale. I'm Marlins. I should have talked about this with a Humper Didn't do it Compared the last year as Marlins fan fast about half as many individual game tickets were soldering this year's event after an offseason What's during the team was dismantled? See when they when they have the fire sale then work too well guys. Hey could break the news here people to want to spend major league prices for little league ball games Okay, Josh The Marlins felt a predictable impact of their offseason dismantling Saturday selling far fewer tickets than the year ago The annual fan fest on the first day individual gain tickets were put on sale The Marlins say they sold more than 13,000 tickets compared with 25,000 at last year's fan fest At last year, it says the Marlins are expecting the season tickets sales drop from 10,000 last year to about 5,000 this year in half How do you like that? I don't Josh Well as expected I don't apologize one bit for this product David Samson said the run you've had as a season ticket older is unparalleled They're fans all over the country that would trade places with you After the town hall meeting he said the three people were combat of did get attention and did get the attention in this Jerry springer world But I'm walking down the street or in meetings. I don't run into people like that those are really cartoon characters. You said I mean police officer Michael Stein and Sunnyhouse business man Tom Warbrew the first due to rifle tickets separately shortly before 7 a.m. both left disappointed Stein wanted to come see for the April 11 home of it against San Diego but San Diego was told they were not available Ward bought $500 and tickets but didn't get what he wanted tickets to opening day and June 30th to July 2nd Red Sox series Oceed's available words today were far from my deal Like you know way up in a quarter is behind a pole somewhere right by the a T room Go like that All video a peer to show a British troops meeting your mackey boys They've told me it was like 7000 they appear to show us a lot of the Other information on the new low to a new low The investigators are seeking to identify the soldiers and all starvation teaching and booting a racking civilians And it's a starving video so it's south of the country Can't imagine one that haters can you? No must be our cuisine. I'm asking him that's it Just pathetic. But anyway like I said there'll be more hearings and more investigations in the British era Even more than usually tight-lipped and Envigment and we're going to be we're looking to this in this cacolla symbol craft Constipated garbage costivated brids image myths I think maybe like Engel her set in the movie when he went to the store Bring a fleet animal back for all the brids Chocolate bar in a fleet animal. That was kind of interesting shopping And of course you wanted to go out and get the good stuff too five six seven Oh five She was a great. You'll also start a 40 weaver. I just love her And pound five six in the Verizon singular rava slime. We got 15 different poles going. We still can't the by a call Just pathetic. W 2 a m hello 2 a m Yes, me'll get asked in in. Good afternoon sir. Thank you. Yeah. I was wondering now that the Mr. Davis been run out of town. What are you playing on the using for your show and Help you Tell what Are you going to be a bad phone or what No, I don't have a bad. So now blah blah you weren't keeps coming out. What's the way up my ratings? Yeah, no, what are you going to do to help Meant came some ratings on your show now that you run. But you know the area. If you wanted to answer the question, I haven't moved anybody out of the area. He moved himself out of the air with a one one share But the law before we came to the market this show was number one and long after he's gone. It'll be number one. Is that answer your question sir my. You want to. You want to just because my phone was a work of right a wood church is it sounds like your polygrip is slipping sir. Yeah, my teeth are on the in a glass right now. What in that? Maybe I can maybe I can rinse them off in your bag. How's that? I'll tell you what. Yeah, don't tell me what get lost. Fuck. Hey, he told you what several. Yeah, tell me one on and of course. I guess he's auditioning for two to four now that we've got rid of mole. Five six seven. Oh five six. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. What are you going to do man? We're going to do. W 2. I am hello. The. The. You're probably. You're. I'm. You're. Okay, but this is my seat back in so I can chew on these cookies. Okay, make sure you're funny that. That's. Yeah. Okay, I got two questions for you. They don't mind. Oh, I meanczenie. She does. Well, I target his Responsible call. She owns one of them is you go ahead. Does any of them have any information? Yes, they're probably. Somebody along the way build an environment in Afghanistan but I'm not sure where I'm going to go. Is that a definite or it's the guess the guess the guess the guess the guess you know that's the best guess Okay, June and so our idle several is not that far away. In fact that's when I go to my summer schedule I might just have to show up there some weekend Because I look forward to you know get some cat the burgers and then go in the funs what grain though now you're talking sounds like a winner to me All right, have a great day you too 567 a few sliders man and they go there and play wheel. Oh Torturing like the wild cherry game I sat down there the game. I have no idea what that was all about with their jacks kings and queens You know just Q J and and wild Anyway, would like and a biggest jackpot is 10 grand And I put it on rebuks and I hit the button a few times then came queen wild queen three queens I've seen you know several queens before but I looked at the thing it says 600 bucks and all the Sunday Bung bum bum bum bum and the thing goes Like that how about that I'm excited Well, I just didn't pass in that you probably better off fancy that they have no idea how it works It's like these shrubs to come to beginners luck man Readers luck good for a schmuck. I'll tell you one thing It was good WQAM hello Hi, yes man you have a watch democracy now No, never heard it. Okay, really You should go to the website because they not only play the video, but they played the audio that went with it I mean the ratio being yeah, they don't see it in this morning too Yeah, of course I could believe Yeah That's the same Yeah, they are animal yes now you're finally catching on Yeah, but maybe we can all put on on how to fix it. I doubt that How to fix it? How do we do that? How do we survive in a different way? The fashion that's the worst fashion for a couple people Uh-huh You maybe you know, but they don't And so that should we be just that people fairly better? Well, I mean what do you want me to do on a radio show? I'm gonna say I'm gonna say or come up with some brilliant ideas. Gonna stop people from killing each other? No, what is your salute? I'm not a good lecturer. You're the country of a mehata. Yeah, to put people who really feel this way You mean like the people I know are always made human sacrifices out of over there And now we have the news stories about grunt about getting moan to people that were like a torture We're nearing forcing food down or throw to nature Stuff like that Yeah You're naive idealism is very admirable, but I'm afraid that you're living in Lala land, okay? Just wake up and sniff the coffee, okay? Wow, that I don't know which call like better than the Moa liquor or this salini Well, let's take them up. No, well, you're always talking about a bunch of crap. What are you gonna do about it? What are you gonna do to stop people from killing each other? I'm gonna eat some of this chili. I got from how Well, if you do that, I might open up these cookies and take another whiff. Oh, god I You know, and all that naive idealism is just fabulous. You know, I mean what what rational Thinking feeling human being wouldn't agree with that, but the idea that right somehow on some stupid as talk show would have Ambridge color is like an IQ of minus 55 We're gonna come up with some solution for that or anybody anybody's gonna come up with a solution Yeah, we got people writing about cartoons. Oh We're offended. They had a couple of rag heads on over the weekend there on these panels shows One Egyptian guy one Palestinian guy and it was insensitive well, and sensitive my ass, okay How about all the cartoons about to use with the big noses in about freaking the Islamic blooded pet the Passover Sator this crap's gonna go on for years and nobody killed anybody about it. How about the ugly cartoons about the pope and all the other crap? Nobody's killing people about it But rationalizing just to find well, you know all these people living in poverty Well, you know something take a look at their own oppressive leaders Then you find out what you're living in poverty like the freaking Palestinians, okay? Take a look at the people that they've been Proponed up for years including the yes or almond dead fart All over the world man Rise up and we've old against your own people and quit blaming us for all your problems and by the way let us have your oil please 12 13 yeah, but where's your solution where's Josh come up? You want big rays come on. Let's solve these problems now. Let's stop being just a goof on entertainment show Let's start solving the problems of the world to make this lady happy. I'll get on it All this insensitive evidence brutalization and people killing each other my god. What will it be next? Huh next will be dropping big bombs on a ran. Oh, that's what I got that's true in my pile too. I got a very big pot I got marine dad's column smoking Dutch cleanser I'm gonna do that after the break I think I have a man my god. You know an uppity's calls for a while Give the phone a rest padded a pet the phone area. I'm padding it. I don't even have a phone I'll pet the keyboard gently Neil I didn't panic gently enough sorry no time get out of you. Can you believe I did that? Let's cute. I just panicked keyboard and it's a guy popped up just like Oh no, or 12 14 at 5 60 W Q A and Valentine's Day is tomorrow, but don't panic guys I got three words for you Vermont teddy bear call one of their bear counselors right now at 1 800 829 bear and I'll help you choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend and make sure it gets delivered Am I with free gourmet chocolate and a gift card in their famous box? Ask about the love banded bear the love war bear with 10 2 the man about you bear or through red hot red neck Vermont the price of it doesn't roses you'll be giving her something special to love forever Vermont teddy bears are the only bears handmade in America and guaranteed for life and best of all She'll think about you every time she squeezes it and hugs her bear too Make this the best Valentine's day ever with a gift you love and always remember call 1 800 829 bear or shop online Vermont teddy bear dot com today send the creative alternative to flowers overnight delivery is still absolutely guaranteed He's all around call 1 800 829 bear me sure and tell Matt Neal told you to call 1 800 829 B E A R do it now Let's abuse some more prisoners Make them scream nice and loud Get me some words and a fat shmit I don't care if they ain't from my rack you can use you to the torture Cause they're just laying their game right in the past It had to be worse because of dumb who's saying oh Back in the day when someone done a strong We didn't take their breath in Pearl Harbor or when the jacks drop their bombs We've all been bad and now the sawing is today in our side And our hearts are little blinds wait As that sawing love and retired voice of bombers The wrong way Boys and other barriers to be in the Americans where they follow those like seeds You die in stages of arrogance And I go to the free thing at this time free Abba went towards the buggy sakes and I used to be I don't want to be a packs of Americans In the USA What's of you Thousand innocent lives Stop living in the past If you want that SUV to drive You're gonna need more gas if slug your ages country in the world They train us to believe And anyone who says that Abba is indeed And afford to be And I'm embarrassed to be in America Where we take three hours in please We've a flag of one hand with our head in the sand It's lightly followed the towers that we have a set of And I'm not talking straight from you Who's on a six-cy-five in sweet Scratcher five everything's okay You Jesus I'm somebody says Carl Reiner for the pool the funniest movie guy Yeah, he was very funny on television And he did a few movie things and which He wasn't really hurt any man. Well put him on there so they can both form okay I mean it's nothing else at least he was Rob Reiner's daddy right and was also you know the early days of TV Steve Allen show And the trouble never leave all that against it More in dog rights, but let me put my teeth back in and you'll be proud of me. I haven't eaten a cookie yet Really? No, well if I did he one of my blood sugar goes skyrocketing like today That stupid milk or candy bar from John Jerry's still always in a college What an idiot Sure, I mean He followed the coffee drops in a mail, you know, yeah, that'd be stupid Jesus god, I know what stupid Didn't work to go need a no it isn't um Well, he's sure smell good. Let me just hold one okay Hmm And these are loaded with chips, you know, these these aren't your pedestrian if the real these are like Kind of like medium hard you know, I mean Okay, well, I was I'm gonna put the ones that he like too soft and mushy with nobody wants those or the ones that are like bricks These are just the right consistency Anyway, I can get off this smell and smell them to the right to the show then it's to a clock all the holes are All bars are I don't know if we're gonna get there we got 600 and what 700 and some 702 And in order to get to like a thousand by two and if we don't get to a thousand you're gonna have a very unpleasant lunch with Joe Bell today So big day George has lunch with a boss the new guy Where you gonna be eating? I don't know if we are going to be eating or sitting in an office or What I'm gonna leave it up to him. I thought you were having lunch with Joe today We can go across this and the office manners. You got to get out of the building There are my restaurant you got right there with an about a two mile radius of that radio station Right like that diner You know he's level across the street to Chuck Subcender there on the corner 440 one of knives dairy road We could go to Taco Bell in order of Joe Bell you can go to Taco Schmaco You could go up the street to Tony's How's that sound? I don't even know if they have a sit down place in there. They don't yeah, they do yeah Tony's talking about here. Tell me how I was thinking about how he's I'm sorry. How is my ass? I'm thinking they do also How is that? Yes, they do Josh, he knows all the hot spots man. That's right. I know we're talking about a go up to a Tony's there and Tony will take you to carry you guys They don't have to worry about who's picking up to check because that'd be embarrassing. Maybe they should go to that stay-couse Houston That's right And orders and trick-and-piggers Marine dad writes smoking Dutch cleanser Vice President Big Cheney bitterly confines and national security leaks are in danger in America Unless of course he's doing the leaking tap in scuder liby to reveal national security information Political critic President Bush says he won't talk about specific security threats to America unless of course he needs to talk about a specific threat to Los Angeles To confuse the public and gain some cheap political advantage The White House says it's done everything possible to protect a homeland unless of course it hasn't then it can lie to hide the callous portrait of In curious George and Crawford is New Orleans drowned The attorney general can claim that torture and mortals were tapping our legal and can't miss lead Congress unless of course And our Republican stand up and say is our Inspector told a Washington post that if that licks bit a lawyer thinks that all this is legal He's smoking Dutch cleanser The president doesn't know the Indian take reject a brim off unless of course W's met with him a dozen times and invited him to Crawford and joke with him about his kids The Bush he's can continue to claim that the invasion of Iraq was justified because Saddam was a threat to our security Unless of course he wasn't and a change about was simply abusing the trust of Americans to push a wild eye political scheme At the White House the mere evocation of the word terror justifies breaking any law contravening any convention This spoiling any ideal electing any Republican brushing off any faded a govern Asked yesterday by Senator Susan Collins why the administration is reacted in slow-mo on Katrina with people dying people waiting to be rescued Michael driver plan that if FEMA had declared that a terrorist had blown up to 17-speed canal living Then everybody would have jumped all over that and tried to do everything they could Instead of just going after 9-11 themes is W promising is with his bullhorn the president vice president strange Love have critically simply played the terror card with crew power and sidestep blame They've twisted our values mismanaged crises fuels fundamental successes and violence around the world and magnified a class of civilizations It used to take in his radiant currant to inflame the Arab world now all of the fixes of cartoon and Denmark W advice of wasting hundreds of billions of dollars turning a racket to a terrorist training ground leading the 9-11 villains at large and letting cronies and losers bots the job of homin security Brownie one of the biggest boneheads in US history considered the homin security chief Mickey Chirtle So useless that he deliberately didn't call him right away about the suffring into Orleans But culture was such that I didn't think that it would have been effective and would have exacerbated the problem quite frankly Brownie told the Republican Senator Bob Bennett who called the statement staggering a telephone call to his boss Brownie said would have wasted my time the doofus who fritted away live email That's a fitted away lives email and colleagues about being a fashion god and wondering how he looked on television May have just engaged in self-protected spin or as the homin security departments seem to create another set of paralyzing turf battles the most Disfunctional man in government is called the government dysfunctional W is the suffomorphic brownie who doing a heck of a job line makes it even brownie cringe Unfortunately the former female chief complaint he called me brownie at the wrong time thanks a lot sir In the new foreign affairs Paul Pilar who is a senior CIA official overseeing Middle East intelligence assessments until October Says the obvious conclusion that should have been drawn from the intelligence on Iraq was that the war was unnecessary He says the White House went to war without requesting an evently without being influenced by any strategic level intelligence assessments on any aspect of Iraq He calls a relationship between the intelligence community and the policy makers you guessed it politicized Damaged by bureaucratic rivalries and this functional a Final absurd junction of dysfunction with reached on Wednesday when Republican party leaves awarded Tom Delay with a suit on the appropriation subcommittee overseeing the justice department, which is investigating Jack Abramoff including his connections to Tom Delay perfect Next go on green you go honey At least one thing else here when we put our articles on our website they read him and that's something good even if they're even if not about Howard Stern Or the Rolling Stones or stuff like that or a Jennifer Aniston Funny said that there's under dimbo and that spot that our brightest team Stop right his pain all these cookies around there and he does that thing with a hand with a finger I'm pretty impressive, okay? He took any pops a couple of leave and he can ask greatest fingers feel better no and Bill Schatter said his legs to 27 past no to QAM Oh here something I thought for secondary we can do the wrong spot What do that we're not you van? Me too bad don't forget what you have your big lunch today up at Tony's I want you to get on the tables start jumping and screaming and hyper ventilating After like a look up yeah like a like a Mexican jumping bean and heat I saw again over the weekend right from the beginning I think if I want my cigarette's there's a hook of this I saw the whole thing Yeah, how do you like that? I like it a lot and then there's another one that I was right one I pull a few days ago You could watch that over and over and over again every scene is you got something right It's an happen home run and when he's calling the world series man They're all like their eyes that wonder big guy with the eyes bulging out of his head it looks like Herman Munster right That's the very he's dead now. He just died. Yeah Damn it and David's a bitch Give me stones the painful frontier Please of the boy it's just a very small asteroid passing through my little captain It's five-day mission to explore strange world's a magnetic To seek out new ways to make my right on living hell to Your worthy only I've got a button, this is got a long tail. It doesn't do anything. Oh, it's fair. We've got the same. You fair, you fairer. You fairer. You're good, you're good. You're good, you're good. Watch, solid. All of these things. Oh, here's plain that can be what is that all about? I thought it was worth while the first 45 seconds. Then the tail goes down for another minute. What was that about? We said, kill us and good times. Oh, and there's David Gregor, we're getting re-insense now about how come they didn't contact the White House press corps about Cheney Ashudnus and it's a bird dog guy. And Scott McClumsus lions who is chief like always. They were like trying to email us, you know, as long as they passed it. They could like I said earlier than the guy who, you know, parroted me, chap, chap, a quidic. And I have an eating piece cooking here. Huh? How about if I like, remember how Connie ate the a canoly and got five of this real like, like, licking it? He just like gummed the end of it, didn't I? I'm doing it to the end of my cooking. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty, and leave a rise in singular wireless line. Let's get these phones smoking. Let's get that pull going. Many people are as a farer as a dead dog man. I think both my dead dogs are more energetic than you are and they're like in the Nern somewhere. 722 votes. We're not going to make a thousand of this right. I'll say that right now. If we don't get to like about eight thirty, eight hundred and about two minutes. Yeah, you haven't got a Chinatman chance in hell. I don't see that happening. View. Now you're not. Why? All right, not. What I'm sorry, only two a minute. You can't do two votes a minute. I'm sure they did better than that on that damn sports talk show host pool. Didn't we? I think so. I think we're doing like two or three a second there. And by the way, Greg Kotex, it didn't turn all weird and strange. We just kick your ass. You're expecting a lot of sight and turn out. And that's what you got just not the way you wanted. Okay. Loser. Pathetic. You guys have a payroll across the screening. Pretends to be objective. Very amusing man. Only the dumbest of the dumb would buy into it. Even Eddie saw through it. Bup. Bup. Yo, stop. Think about that. But rather not. There is no listen to me. Stop and think about what we do. This is the life we have chosen. Okay. Right. There is a man whose name you constantly keep putting on a year. Steve, what is it? McAlley. McAlley. And what company? Bexel. Where actually the his superior has been called years ago about the fact that this is my suspense most of his day cranking the show. Bup. Bup. And he doesn't care. He doesn't care. He can't stop. Right. It's like the Chamba guy to call it again the other day. I'm trying. And Hi-boy's neighbor. Never gets on a year. And never going to get on the year again. Spacing. This is their life. It's just it's mind blowing man. And lady that called before all her good intentions. You think we're going to change the human race. WQAM. Hello. Hi. This one explained to me something that was from Liam Schatter. He didn't know why. He was playing that. I understand that was just asking about all the music of the in the cos I'm for half an hour. Right. But he sold his kidney stone on eBay or something in the casino picked it up. The same one that bought the Phil G family's 25,000. So that was, I guess, the whole point of it. But it could have been a hell of a lot of funnier. I agree. Yeah. It's made it in music lane. I had, I was right with it up until the music went on. Yeah. Yeah. What's it called to call about? What's to call today? Yeah. The funniest man in the history of movies. In no Brooks to me. Well, he's leading so far. How much tomorrow is a pool? The thing was the height of all time. I. I. I'm crewed bullshit. No. Okay. Oh. Tom Cruise. Okay. I wonder what's he meant by that? You're fairly pretty funny. Yeah. Big Danny Andrews, Bird Hunter accidentally. Definitely by Andy Card. At that point, what was he informed of the inform that the vice president had accidentally shot somebody? I see, this is what they're worried about. We got 2500 dead Americans in Iraq. We got thousands and thousands of dead people where the ones were supposed to be liberating. And they're worried about the vice president got some buckshot in some old geezer there. It's Doug Hunt and there with him in Texas. That's what they're in the White House press scores all with up to a frenzy about, you know? And it's the right shot. Right. On the bird shot, I totally did. We're doing it. I'm going to close the buckshot. That would have killed five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, five. In fact, then that we're all supposed to get us a bird shot. So we don't get that damn aviom flu. That's right. A bird shot. WDQ, I am hello. Hi, Neo. Yes, ma'am. Three ladies. Oh, oh, that's shocking. Can I take a war, hey? I'll listen. I'll observe. Hi, Jorge. I just died to get out of Broward County for the day and come down the beautiful south day. Now I was thinking about stopping at Nalph's very far. Oh, you won't regret it. For they have big milkshake fairs. That was their family score. Yeah, I just sniffed my burpees while you guys had them. And had us to the bottom while you knew. I was telling them I sure love somebody. It's the key. It can't be that. The cynicism doesn't want to be jungle. I'm going to run right down the road and get one of them. Yeah, definitely do it first. Say hi to OG. Bye. Bye. Hi. You like it? It's good they don't have a place like that near you. The German bats has run that place and it's the best stuff in the world all that really. I'm out there at the monkey. Yeah, we know. 5 6 7 0 5 6. He's not with the food talk. Okay, and stop talking to these abroads off of that. I'm not here right now. Hey, you're the one that you know, open that up for that. Nobody can play him. Hello. Two am. Two am. No. Yes. I know. I know. I watched. I didn't say that. He said it. Oh, whatever. Just because you don't want to talk to him. Right. Anyway, I watched that. I tried watching a match there. But the thing kept shut off the video on demand thing. So I couldn't see the end. But the guy. He's talking about the email her guy. Right. And another movie called that home to the end of the world. Something. Kind of like a game movie. Anyway. Yeah. I mean, we can kind of like a movie. Yeah. But he only was like 15 minutes and then he's over. Is that the same guy? Is that the neighborhood? In that imagine a hearing movie. Is that the guy talking about, right? The kids neighbor. Is that the son? No. No. The email heresh plays the son. The one that did the brother or the one that commits suicide. The one who's the, um, elite, the, uh, bastard son. Oh, he's the young little brother. Yeah. I thought it was a neighbor that you were. No, not the neighbor. I think he's cute. Well, I'm glad you do. Because I keep you on me as have a great day. Maybe he's a. I doubt it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, he's not McCullick. I'll think of that. I'm still suck in since you hooked me up with McCullick. I'll hook me up with McCullick. I'll hook me up with McCullick. I'll hook me up with McCullick. He's a guy. He's rising. When did the shift land? The point is, uh, what is the point as it turns out he's not a bad actor. And he was. I can't watch him. Okay. I get spilled out. I think that my stomach was in the wheelchair. And he was a good. That's good. That's good. Uh-huh. Was that before an academic election? The list of them. I think after. Obviously. How are we doing on that pole? Are we going to make that thousand-day by? Tell you. Through last Wednesday, this show was on a, an incredible. I can't even begin to describe it. We were like breaking all of our records on a internet there. We were like, uh, went up about 70,000 points on the internet. I think when I showed the comparison of the websites on the Lexi and the other one. And all of a sudden, man, Thursday Friday through the weekend of the, it's like, go holy. Like everybody, uh, in South Florida, like collapsed, you know? Just when you think you're finally weeks to pinnacle and then, that's it. 742. We all got a Chinatmins chance to make an 1000-day. We need 258. So you're going to figure this out. 258. And we got 80 minutes. That's like 3 a minute. You think this, uh, lay mass crowd can do that? I don't know. Maybe if we could. There was a bad idea you had to push in us to get that 1000 votes today. Because I didn't start this soon enough. I was like, third time. What? Let's do 2000. Yeah, let's go for 5000-day. Okay, let's leave it on for a month and get 2000. Well, we did have 2400 on the one over the weekend. It's pretty impressive. That's double our whole audience. It don't forget Valentine's Day tomorrow. Last warning. Here's what you have to do right now. Send a pajama grant. A pajama grant is the perfect way to score your life or girl. Friend of give or what you really want. Should get the best pajamas. Do you say pajamas? I don't want to say that because I don't say. I don't say. pajamas. Delivered in the half box. You'll level along with a laveter sash. A gift card. And you do have to stir up sign all for free. Send a pajama grant only takes minutes. But you'll take his friend a month planning it. Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIVPJs. And then make sure her pajama grant arrives on time tomorrow. Find all the top brands from comfy to sexy. Plus the packaging is amazing so you don't even have to wrap it. A pajama grant makes the perfect gift. And best of all, I'll think of you every time they put them on. Women want to be pampered. This is a gift you'll both love overnight deliveries. You're in team so call 1-800-GIVPJs or visit pajamagram.com. Right now. Let's pajamagram.com. Be sure and tell that ancient Neil told you to call with a without a thief. Call 1-800-GIVPJs. This is a new Roger. This is 5-16-18. Call 2-10-10. Bigger parton. Let them call. How you doing? No I just, I was listening to the press conference here and they keep going on and on about this damn bird hunting Where that stuff was with the panthers already. When the hell those obeysposses of be dead anyway? It was simply. I'm not. I'm not gonna go back and just let them go. I used to have been in the pit of way I think. Pops. Now I'm not to keep all my mouth too. Don't way I think. Pops. Hey. Try to take care of the poor way you're called. But you're not the new sailor. I'm so excited to know. Maybe I'm somebody now. I hope that's not on the plastic. Let's go. I don't know. I don't think the beach is bloody any friction left. Plastic. Don't think that they can't come in there. Because I've been plastic. I think I've been just a little bit different. But when I got out I failed but I did. I've packed my right foot. I just got to get a plastic. And I'm so mad. I'm just going to bring it. Come on. You got 406. A little hook shot and burned shots where it says. We finally got to meet the animated and lift up to a frenzy. That's great. I'm going to be in the lift of this sniff in the hand. I'm not sitting on the blue. Let's see. What about Robin? What do you mean says there's some facts here? What about Robin? What about Robin? Let's put him on there. Ok. Anybody who votes for him get to go duck hasn't would've asked president. What do you say? Yeah. The full says who's the funniest movie actor of all time not whose the most pathetic God I can think about with him is the patch atoms with the nose on you know, and then every time I think a rabble Williams down Yeah, I think of that I don't remember ever actually seeing the movie. I didn't see the movie, but I saw the clips You've seen the clips where he's running around a big boy's clown nose on you know like John Wayne Gacy on a bad day On heated warning is poor planning an apathy recognizing the scope of hurricane Katrina's destruction led to the slow emergency response from the White House down to local terraces A house investigation concludes another panel man another investigation another report And then 40 cents a buy about a third of a cup of a gourmet coffee The 600 page report by special Republican dominated a house in Queen of one of the world the worst natural disasters Newsponsored in the US history concluded a federal government response to Katrina was marked by Fectlessness Everybody say that Fectlessness is lately and organizational paralysis other than that it was great. Yeah, I love that word better It's a president push we see poor and incomplete counsel about the crisis unfolding on the Gulf Coast and that late state and local evacuates murders And they confused net their federal level Our investigation revealed that Katrina was a national figure and application the most solemn obligation Provided for the common welfare set a summary of of these scathing report obtained yesterday by the A and P who make fantastic chocolate chip gourmet Pick-up cookies At every level individual corporate philanthropic and governmental we failed to meet the charms that was Katrina the report be Sam in this cautionary tale all the little pigs bill houses of straw The house find these marked the first a two congressional inquiries in a White House review of the stormy spots expected over the next six weeks That by the way is a direct quote from the report in a cottonous cautionary tale and all the little pigs bill houses of straw You following that that's your U.S. government right on Monday they sent a homeland and security and governmental fairs committee are continuing their own investigation in the August 29 storm response by examining potentially widespread abuse in FEMA I'm federal emergency cash assist programs for disaster victims up to 900,000 if two and a half million applicants Received aid based on duplicate or invalid social security numbers or false addresses and names congressional investigative respond You want those numbers again up to 900,000 if two and a half million applicants in other almost half Received aid based on duplicate or invalid social security numbers false aggressive names congressional investigators found Everything that we have found confirms exact and we got to make cutbacks at National hurricane center by the way you see that this morning They're all at arms because they got to cut back some of those people So that next time we have a hurricane you'll find out about after your house is blown down and after your dead Yeah, the warning will be the roof comes off The warning will be that you're in a box Everything that we found confirms exactly the indictment of how the House Republican Center Jewelie primitive Connecticut the committees taught Democrats Obviously it is shocking and it is unsettling he also said oh And it goes out with his son or wife said even is almost you won't read it Why would you want to bother reading it? Okay, there's nothing to do with the Howard Stern and sure has nothing to do with Elvis 779 votes 770 In 10 minutes we got to get 30 votes if we know I have 800 votes by the time the little hand hits the big end of one o'clock You might as well just hand in your resignation when you meet with your bell today Just tell me you have it a good shot. We did the best we could and especially now that you know a lot of time What's that we got to talk about? What are you gonna for humor for you? You know But I've never said 706 man pick up sticks US prefers military blitz against the ranch nuclear sites Strategy said the Pentagon had wrong plans for devastating bombing raids backed by some read launch ballistic missile attacks against the man's nuclear sites And the last resort to block terrains efforts to develop an atomic bomba Central Commandance strategic command planners identifying targets assessing weapons loads and working on logistics for an operation to Sunday telegraph has lyrt Has learned They reporting to the office of Dom. Rumsfeld as America updates plans for action at the diplomatic offensive fails to thwart the Islamic Republic's nuclear bomb ambitions They rhyme claims that's developing only a civilian energy program Maybe they got some of them at aluminum tubes is that Iraq had Maybe they're getting ready for that mushroom cloud that kind of least you can't lying about all those This is more than just the standard military contingency assessment said they senior Pentagon advisor This is taken on much greater urgency in recent months The prospect of military action could walk Washington odds with Britain which fears an attack with spark violence across the Middle East Repricbles in the West and may not cripple tyrants nuclear program period But the steady flow of disclosions about Iran secretly nuclear operations in the virulent anti Israeli threats of president Moshmood Aham in a jad has prompted the first assessment of military operations by Washington And I have no idea how you really say the president's name That's my thing it's all the good the mutwides that's why it said we'll fast the most likely strategy would involve aerial bombardment by long distance V-2 bombers each arm without the 40,000 pounds of precision weapons And fully any latest bunker-busting devices they would fly from bases in Missouri with mid air refueling So get ready track yourself in tight you ain't seen nothing yet As far as the brits beat nothing Iraqi kids they shouldn't have attacked us like you said I told him not to yeah, what did they have a thing or two Let me refresh this and see if we even got the remotest chance of getting 800 by the top of the earth 784 784 you ready for that? Got four more than I got Well, I'm way ahead of the earth. You're on US time 784 okay now we're on now one of the equal footing 560 we're now we're gonna see I'm glad that lady called right there or no because now we're gonna change the whole thrust of the show from this point forward Who did more to say the human race neo-Rajus or Tom like us? See what I'm saying Why all the people you'd bring up? Well, that's why I picked him up who did more he or she's our Bruce Williams when the history of the human race is written what's doing? Yeah, and look at that full of man just a spattery and a smattering right the save the human race before it's too late and stop all this killing in this murder and bloodshed is lunacy People making babies like rabbits like they were by the way that humpback mountain movie But they oh I mean, it was skipping around but all the sudden he gets married to this tick to marry what's your name? Michelle Williams and next thing we know he's got like 16 little kids running around He sure was busy W 2 a.m. Hello 2 a.m. Oh god, I got the great one. How are you doing? Okay? You're okay. What's going on with Cheney is anybody got it's a better take on this thing right now? What does that mean? What's going on with what does that mean? Well, it was in a legitimate accident or was something where he was just a so out of his element that he he didn't know what to do He cut out of his element that's all he does man is go a hot man You gotta get with the read a book and somebody read something out of his element Jesus God on my duck hunting with a judge with Judge Scalia right while a real man's burning your vice presence out there duck hunting right now His money Counting all shackles that are coming in from his good Saudi friends and all his other oil buddies his bump-but buddies Well, he's lying through his teeth of the media Q a.m. Hello. What happens if you whack it with Ben G W 2 a.m. Hello. Yeah, that makes you a Q a.m. Oh Yes A provo Yeah Yeah, yeah I'm not Latino but this counting flies from around the world in 80 days It was fantastic. He's a good actor who? Kentant God Neolumal who is oh, that's all I'm okay. Who is it? Kentant flies have them claws gentle floss But what the hell I use to go about a guy with motion is mouth what the was that guy all about was okay? I don't floss. That's I'm sure that's what he said. I'm gonna ask Neil because he'll know okay, I need a hello Guy who's Captain floss W Q a.m. Hello not there Q a.m. Hello Q a m A good good in line. Yes, sir He's got it in blocks. Galy is face and maybe his brain. How was hoping it was Galy? What do you mean? I'd run out of time too. Where would he find that? Back on you really small. Yeah Okay, thanks great 12 5 6 7.05 60. They are good man See that lady things that we're gonna solve the problems at a word with you this crowd with a soft-boiled audience You're dreaming honey. I think your profit to many impills just like daddy in the imaginary heroes He had a different color pill for everything and he got so exasperated at one point. He just took them all Remember that? Just shove them all in the ends of the account of there in the bad room and just shove them all up to them all that 12 56. Really just pops him in his bag That's a way to get him in our shop 12 56 He's the WCM we got Curtis and the revolving door there or two. I think that's a killing a whole station And I'm not Curtis. You know the fact that we don't have a line up You might want to mention that pass it along. I think that's a really crappy idea That they probably ought to like do something Consistencies what is all about you people want to know who's gonna be on not like like a smorgas board Okay Curtis and Bow and a little more mole and little too much galley way too much galley. Oh god Man, I want to kind of about he put in somebody's rear that place Oh I might just have to go go ahead and have one of these You know I haven't I haven't even had like a little sliver off the uh because I know they once I start I'll explain What's it Are you doing it? I am not doing it. All right. Don't do it. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. I'm thinking about doing it. Don't do it Okay, let me you are telling about brandy. So I do that Yeah, you can do that August 20 second by the way Berkeley she is the best when you're shopping for choose comfort fit and values what it's all about So get your ass over to Brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes Brandy's carry say humongous elections of all the top brands in the tubeless your love Brandy's They got rock pour four shime echo Muffisto S.A.S. New Balance all the other top names and they got sales holes that they really know your feet inside And I want to make damn sure that you walk out of there with a perfect customized fit every time as for Arnie He'll take good care of Brandy's even specializing wide wits as well So Brandy's is well worth the trip from just about any place in town to make sure you take really great care of them Tutsis for comfort style fit value on selection always think brandy shoes and you'll find Brandy's at 1290 North federal highway in popular beach Brandy's open every day Monday 2 Saturday, till 9 and every Sunday till 5 and again this week It's the S.A.S. sale a great time by S.A.S. at Brandy's take 20 to 40 bucks off The retail price of all great S.A.S.S. men's and women's styles So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com This is Neil Rogers This is 562 So so so so We're gonna go Just got the hell When I'm up in Boca Tica slap an old woman with paint and lips I'm around the pole I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two of us Yeah, I mean Just hearing balance wouldn't two hours For How can you see the fly in? I've been funky China in From funky China times If you do anything for two, two, three, six, seven, they're about If you don't wanna catch the food, do not touch the cup of food A chopped in paradise before the game we've come And one more, everybody is worth who fighting I've been funky China in paradise Now, treat you both exciting Time for the other five we need 101, mercenary act highly recommended Get it if you haven't seen it, Edward Norden and word for a long Yeah, and it's pretty much it Nobody else in the day, but he cares about Elliott Gould is in there, right? Stacy Keech Elliott Gould has got a small part, thank God We're not George and I sure that in common I don't think it's Elliott Gould, I don't talk to those people 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got over 800, this audience when you At least expected man when push comes the shot, they shot it They said it or won, we got a shot, we got an outside shot Jimmy would say, as your vice president would say, we got a shot But it's not getting away See, it ends just like that smuck that old guy that it calls in before Watch that latest on Dick Cheney, the latest is he still alive I'm not talking about the guy he shot, I'm talking about him That's the bad news That ticker is still ticking away, the pacemaker hasn't given out yet 812, we got 812 votes We got 58 minutes still to a clock, do the math, okay? 813, don't change that when they say do the math What a stupid expression, yeah it is 187, and 58 That's like a more than 3 a minute, you're not going to do that They're not going to come through for us today I'm going to be so despondent, I'm going to take the rest of the month off Let's just skip that March 30th anniversary bull crap I got cure of Phillips's on it, I really want to puke Let me get to my cookies, okay fast I haven't touched them, it's squeezing the bag though We're in there for mole WCWAM, hello Yes sir I think a dick change should have another course on Hunter's safety You know okay Greg, do you want to go in? Hello Yes sir Yes, I'm going to another movie, do you like American history? I've got the same people in it, pretty much same guy It's 25th hour, that's a great movie with doubt Okay It's a Spike Lee movie and he goes on a big time Oh it's a Spike Lee movie, I don't know, I'm saying so That's just great Okay, I'll take you word for it, do you see it? Twenty-four-hour no, give it to her I heard it's a Spike Lee movie I'd like to see a Spike Jones movie I'd like to see Spike Jones, which is playing like the dish pan And the big pan, the Zyla phone made out of it Right, that's a difference Somebody QAM hello They're the one who are normally ticks for the spray training Somebody QAM hello QAM? Yeah, I know it QAM, it's got the nail Speaking Oh nail, that's the nail I haven't heard anybody talking about this this morning I've been this court on a way out from when I would leave my house About FPL, charging attack stairs for poles that don't even exist Yeah What was this coupon at I'd share? I just call it a little bit of it And I didn't realize I didn't finish getting to the video They said about it I had no idea what you're talking about I didn't see that story, but it wouldn't surprise me There are a bunch of thieves man, a bunch of grave robbers They're charging attack stairs They are for poles that weren't even put up Yeah I was over here, I could know something about it Because I could never hear the word about it I'll look at all the public service permission Call the PSC and I'll actually hear the microphone The background Yeah, they'll hear them all having a big party in an orgy Or it's a PSC I haven't even been visiting them They haven't a couple of belts Trinking champagne that we thought 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 And we're going to solve the problems that we're going to like the my single show Baby, let's get cereal now man Let's cut the waste of the time Let's get right down to Venice Saw the problems that the world here on the show Like the lady said What are we going to get with it? Oh, the phone is ringing, it must be a discount stairs Either that or I just want to million dollars And that cash for cancel lottery Well, I'd play some bad joke music while you go But do you do a, and we can't play a 2 AM That's irritating to you, dummy Yeah, okay, W2 AM hello We're going to solve the problem 2 AM It's got parallel here Yeah, we're having a voice got We lost the gravel Scott W2 AM hello No Yes I love your show W2 AM hello 2 AM Good morning Good afternoon Good afternoon What are you guys talking about? I'm a good person Well, y'all been talking about What do you mean, what did you call for, sir? Did you dial the number to somebody's knowledge for you? Somebody had you the phone and say, here, talk to these as Shmucks on the other end of the line Why the kind of big 50 and I just want to share what's going on, mate Yeah So why would you call if you don't know what's going on Isn't that kind of rude, isn't that, uh, in temperate and that, uh, outrageous All right, thought of something to say Yeah I'll say here, pal, okay If you're not a composer, 75,000 Canadians down there Well, there's like 30 million of them up here, I'd be like that, Shmuck A compelling argument against a same old crap Like there's an argument about whether it's a better way to work It's a good thing It's a good thing It's a good thing It's a good thing It's a good thing It's a good thing You know, like there's an argument about whether it's a better way If the weather is of concern you all though you are free to branch off right now Relatively speaking, if the weather is what you're looking for This is not the time of the year to be here, although we don't have any snow and aground There's no winter, like I said, stay where you are Now, it took him like about two minutes to find me figure out something like that Something hostile and combative, you know That you could idea that In addition to which to 75,000 Canadians you got down there I wouldn't wish him on, uh, Steve Harper, okay What's up? WQAM, hello Hey, Steve, how are you doing today, buddy? Okay, paly Hey, actually I haven't been working on this, but I know what to talk about But from what I've been discussion earlier I like to hear a torch my a caught that CNN presents last night Yeah About, uh, you know, a good start rack on now Yeah, a little bit late now, isn't it? Yeah, a little bit late, but it was probably one of the better things I've seen I've seen out of CNN in a while Yeah, and they made sure they put it on the time when nobody watched it, too Yeah, I watched it at 11 p.m. I saw some of it not, I got to discuss it and went to bed Because there's nothing on there that we don't already know That they didn't know before the last election Exactly, but if anybody with a brain knows what was all on there Unfortunately, it doesn't get out to any of the people that don't have a brain We have another committee and another investigation Find out why it took CNN so long to find this stuff out Yeah, exactly It doesn't get out in the so funny, it's, uh, for it's time like they really try to keep this Change shooting question That's right, champ and quid and par two, man Exactly, it would influence anybody for what it came out in the story straight Private citizen released the information to the local newspaper How do you like that? Exactly, and then none of the networks conquer the show in the very last minute Well, I'm sure glad to see that the press correspondent so animated about that Well, he's innocent people are dying all over the world because of a pack of lies And on the show last night they showed chained I mean, we've seen these clips over and over again, a face-to-nation meet the press And there's no question that, uh, you know, a rack was involved with al Qaeda And all this bullcraft, I'll need a lie after lie after lie And what is the public? You have to talk about some stupid bird shooting accident Man, and that woman thinks I'm going to like change the human race How could you wait for your magic wand? You got it, there I'm a headlocker Hey, that's it, we just did it, all right Oh, I'm ready Don't you feel better? Oh, man, I'm going to like open up my cookies and give us stuff again Ah, let's fight it, open up your cookies on your computer, or on your, on your sack Well, there's no doubt the sack No, well, you ought to see these, these are You know the gourmet chocolate chip cookies, that's what the hell Yeah, I hate the fitness I'm holding one right now Hmm, what will power? I know I can't either because if I do even, I could probably, what about like, quarter two And then I'll like pass out in the last few minutes Now, how are we doing on that pool? We got any kind of a shot 829, that's not too fine 829 my ass Jesus, God Almighty And isn't this a tough topic to have an opinion on? That's right Right, see what I'm saying? It's a pretty buzzer If we had anybody listening to this show, why do you remember the days when we had audience? Man, remember those things? Tell Joe Bell, we remember the glory days The glory days of the glory hole I aimed to burn But we actually had this big audience like last week And then all of a sudden, I think they just turned on us, you know? Maybe because I said something about that cartoon And then bourbon heads, not gonna raise the bell What is the funniest man? Who's the funniest man? How's Rob O'Winniams doing by the way? Did we put him on there? Oh, he's got a vote, that's a guy who could have sent the facts Now, books, one, 16, Peter, 787, Rodney, Dangerfield 65 Grouch, Mark 63, Richard, Prior 53, and other did guy four to top five dead Jim Terry 46 might as well be John Candy, another did guy 37 Too many chocolate chip cookies, John C 35 John Belushi 31 dead, Moh Howard 26 dead Woody Allen 26, Bill 22, Curly Howard dead 18 Laurel and Hardy 18 dead, Steve Martin 18 WCfield 16 dead, Evan Costello 16 dead, Charlie Chaplin 16 dead, Gene Wilde 16 They should help 13 Jerry Lewis 13, brain dead Leslie Nielsen 12, Albert Brooks 8, Mike Myers 6, Harold Lloyd 5 dead, Bob Hope 5 dead Eric Idol 4, say in Simon 5 3a, Rowan Ecconson 3, Mr. Bean Buster Keaton 3 dead, Bert Lar 3 dead, Rob O'Winniams 2, Marty Feldman 1 dead, Michael Talon 1, Graham Chaplin 1, which one is dead? Graham Chaplin, Graham like I said Graham Chaplin 1 dead, none, zero Carl Riner, Roberto Roberto Benini I want to be akin to Roberto Valaggio, remember him? The great soccer player, he said in soccer players remember that's great call That's your do, Roberto Valaggio don't play it please Roberto Benini and Eric out from the play, John C. Chiroval That's not, that's not the big old, 800 and 40 Do the math baby, 160 votes to a thousand that would really, would that be a feather in our Capper 1, 160 divided by 49 minutes, oh so close and yes, so far I can smell Fade your canchess smell it or is that those cookies? I was farted, yeah, silent about failure, from an attempt to 150 to 160 WCM, we got Curtis and the revolving slot at two today, we've also got to revolving sales Dept. I'm going to hear about that, you know when you sit down a lunch would Joe today, I would just start spitting all over the play, you don't have like spitting all over, like a sprinkler, like you haven't some kind of a spastic attack Cause I think that would like sum it up pretty well, I think that would like you Press how we feel about for eight plus years of this madness of this, like my friend I don't think he's going to get a word in edge wise, no Hey Valentine's days tomorrow get that in, last thing you want to do is spend your weekend at the mall This is that old copy, well the weekend's over, now is the last chance, poor hank I got two words for it, a Vermont teddy bear, call one of their bear counselors at 1-800-829 Bear and I'll have to choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend, and they can still get it there, I'd scare her and tease on Valentine's Day tomorrow, no liberal right on Valentine's Day with free chocolate and a gift card, no famous box, ask about the love band of bear, the lover boy bear, the mad about you bear, the new guy not redneck bear, and for about just the price of a dozen roses, you'll be giving that special someone something you'll love forever, Vermont teddy bears are the only bears handmade in America and guarantee for life, and best of all so being thinking about you every time she hubs that bear, make this best Valentine's Day for the gift she'll love and always remember call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com, but you've got no more time to do it baby, do it right now, send a creative alternative to flowers Valentine's Day library is still guaranteed if you make that call now, and some at ancient Neil told you to call 1-800-829 Bear, 1-800-829-B-E-A-R this is Neil Rogers, this is 5.62 A-S-A it's time to get it on all right and rip out a piece, everybody, all the time, but you need that so well-time it's time to get it on all right and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that calls now and make this a beautiful day for you every time you make that call now and it sounds like pumping this bell down Finally声 isCIAS SOSTув Singh I want to be proud of that when you make this call what is this sound that you want to live on and make it a beautiful day for you every time you make it a beautiful day Mission of paper education starting school on a Wednesday. What a bunch of morons 560 I think I'm gonna take one more sniff Yeah, that's really it will keep me going Okay, I know we're gonna fall short on this thing with the thousand votes and since Josh courtes is the one that started banging on that Is neither one that's started like pushing we need to a thousand eight eighty was it? We need 120 and 40 minutes that's three a minute Can we do it? Who does know for this show to people of vote on the poll or the people are calling the phone? Yeah, what about the landies? How many Q a m hello? Q a m I mean yes, sir Doctors for the new poll Nothing but height doctors okay That's done good nothing but heart eggs But hype I know that's what I said these little slow nothing but heart eggs They're gonna lose the print by the way. See blah-blah-blah-blah Good luck with your test results tomorrow by the way blah-blah-blah Yesterday I got caught up with his a blog and I see he also got the Standing in the shadows of the most time it loved it See that? Though I didn't see that see the thing that says is doing for the human race. Thanks a lot again, so it's you're the best Everybody in their brothers getting that all we're only got five votes on it. Pull we took the other day Because once you watch that if you're a more town fan you got to see it over and over again. Just he can't stop watching it Eight eighty four when he bought smoke What do you think what if you are betting man if you were like Wayne Gretsey? I mean And you want to hear the apologists up here, of course. They all got their head way up when you all wait It was a needle nose and no Wayne has nothing wrong even though they got the tapes even though they got where he's saying What can we do to like and protect Jan is and what can we do to you know all the Southern crap? Didn't know my ass if your if your wife is making a half million dollars in vets You tell me that no matter how much money you're making you don't know about it right? Especially when she's laying the vets with your assistant coach on the talking team that you own that you're the coach That's standard right next year, but you're losing that after night and you don't know about it Maybe that was all these ladies. You're full of crap Wayne always have been always will be and Here all he didn't do anything but a bit better. Well, yeah Send him out duck hunting with your vice president. That's what I say W 2 a m hello Hey, no, yes, sir. How's it going? Okay, is it true that check list of all hands to get a portion they're called cancel checks? I W Yeah, that was from the jewelry Reynolds school 2 a m oh Yeah, yeah, I got one for your poll. Yeah. Okay. Good stick it. Do me 2 a m hello 2 a m W 2 a m hello Hello Yeah, yes, we call 5 60 a m this is 5 62 a not a m Q a m 5 60 a m Oh And You're talking to a man. Who do you think you're talking to rumple still skin tomorrow? Sorry, I'm sorry. I usually say sorry, but you ought to be sorry Well, you know, living in Miami. I get sorry. Oh, but you guys they does affect what you should be a green That's right when you go. I just want to tell you I'm a long long listener How the 20 20 year old stud when I started listening to you now a 43-year old put Wow All right, and I can say happens to the worst of a spally Yeah, yeah, I went to Toronto and July. Yeah, I thought of you Well, like another thing I'm moving to Perenza for the next six months leave it Miami. Oh my god Am I ever jealous of you wow? Phanenza so are you an itchy and you You've been you've been one of the reasons to stay in Miami, but not tend to go on you child Bella Read the church is Lori King with savory rich and Larry you idiot How do you like that there's a guy's movement to Phanenza? Florence Italy. Oh good. Any credible or what huh? What do you think of Florence? Tender oh yeah, I thought she was oily. Yeah Eight ninety seven you know something they may surprise us here today. They might just pull us off None of the above isn't got any votes here though. I mean if they if they're gonna vote for none of He above a list pool. I mean what do they want you know give us some a break We named every male comedian has ever been born has ever made a movie. Have we just a boot? God Carl Reiner Terry Jones and Terry Gilliam don't have any what about junior Gilliam What do you think who used to play certain base for the Dodgers back in the 50s junior Gilliam P. We we said short junior samples You do in your sample now where do you come up with that junior mince? Junior samples where do you know that from I don't know heard it on a cartoon or something junior samples Josh market down marked on the date the time so who is becoming a sports nerd? Oh that sports guy Yeah, yes, I thought it was an old comedian or something wow that is shocking Where goes your image which sport he's been sampling? How company in the United Arab would you listen to this? A company in the United Arab and Emerces police to take over significant operation that six American ports as part of a corporate sale Leading a country with ties to nine eleven hijackers with influence over a Maritime industry considered vulnerable to terrorism that makes a lot of sense of it including port ever great That heard the Bush administration considers the UAE and important ally in the fight against tourism since the suicide hijackings And it's not objecting to do by port world's purchase of London based peninsula and Oriental steam navigation company They say you're right about that by the way the six point eight billion dollar sales expected to be approved today The British companies the fourth largest ports company in the world and it's still with effect commercial U.S. port operations involved more Miami New Jersey New Orleans New York and Philadelphia You've had a bunch of schmotha heads that gonna be running the ports six of them VP World said I want approval from a secret of U.S. government panel a consider security risk of foreign companies Vygrin investing in American industry is this enough to make you plots The U.S. Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. thoroughly review the potential for anti-action collude they had no objection They Committee earlier agreed to consider concerns about the deals expressed by a Miami-based company L. R. and company the Conellis attorney Michael Kreizer and there's a business partner with a British shipping driver was not in the running to buy the ports company They Committee which could have recommended the President Bush block the purchase and clothes represented some the Treasury defense Justice Commerce State and Homeland Security Park was in other words a bunch of our version and they're all fed together They're all smearing each other 26 past what a QA and how many votes we got we got nine hundred yet? Would that would be a signing and that would make me feel like we got a shot? We got 905 and we're still alive honey like that by the way the junior samples I know was on heat I thought junior samples was a football player But what I'm thinking of was on heat How come you guys ain't Google them hasn't it Josh is Google it right now? Oh, I'm Google it if he's good John Baker is a John the Baker See you got me all confused. I'm thinking of like Howard Baker and James a Baker the Turd right John the Baker by the way luckily isn't really any of them But he has famous for a great piece in family style 10 including South Florida Pretty very very long time for over 30 years He's been serving up in a variety of locations. I've always loved his food First of all I live in North Miami and you will too oversized portions delicious pizza world famous garlic rolls is big as you were ahead Have me John to bake her absolutely the best downhote and time in favorite cyclos on your chicken farm is on Veal and peppers can't alone he oversized hot and cold subs and wait until you try everybody still raven about it The famous softies I can't even say it sloppy sausage sub All right, you guys are still slabbered about it In fact, just tell Joe when you start slapping it lunch day you're slapping over that sloppy sausage sub for my sweet All fantastic and all made fresh and all the John the Baker's low family prices too John the Baker become part of their family to stop by from fantastic pizza and lots lots more You'll find two great locations for you John the Baker in temper pines at 125 92 pines Boulevard for take out their call nine five four 3143 15 and the new location just open at 885 storing road That's a the corner of sterling in Pine Island Cooper city for take out call nine five four two five two O-09 one Two five two O-09 one George and Josh have been raven about it all week long. Why do they bring food again by the way? Probably pretty slow It just doesn't get any better than John the Baker This is real This is Oh Don't I told you don't bother me while I'm in here either Hello, it's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir you're freaking colony No, not I'm gonna say the kill a call me every three minutes What did we move the practice sir? You told me to move the bride and tell you what you must on this owner stop me No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey listen buck wipe on the boss I make the decision to you take the heat right you all move the practice. Okay. How we doing with it anyway Oh It will shot the hell up. I'm on the phone. We must find this. Yes, there was your question I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind Hold up I'm so Like this in my hand rematch that you'll beat his both my other hand rematch That's a phone ball right I can't hear anything We may stop flying the floor sorry. I'm that sir. Sure The moves are working out very well the practice is for the next time Fairly oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a raining success Reaver What's our helly a doing with a harmonica Real I Over 25 million people show that by their listen Yeah, you say me what I'm doing here sure you're on the phone I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You know imagination required a lot. I'm moving my hands up and down fly to fly I'm the puppet master I said you do it now box is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make them work That's a perfect man It's me Oh Yeah Helly is doing no It's nothing wrong with a floor rematch What's this in my ear that you'll beat his mouth my other ear rematch That's the phone rematch get out Oh All right, sir, kill with me Kill and me. I'm sorry sir. Kill and me. Sorry kill me softly 262 I got bad news of good news the bad news is we're not gonna make the thousand votes We all got 917 they've trickled in one at a time the audience letting us down the good news is Remember I told you to phone rang me for right and my computer is a finely fixed. Oh, excellent the power supply had burned up memory That's what it was what it was a life. Oh, yes, no really bad all over the cookies smell There you go. I'm gonna go get my computer the only thing is I'm kind of like I don't know what should I do Because this one working really good. Oh, it's always good to have a spare Yeah, that's a new one. Well, this one's just as fast as the other one. I don't know why I got any to rest That's it you need to rest all of a sudden about a beam better booming like lightning man. It's fantastic Right just like that. Oh like the lightning. It's other than when he's a junior heard outside the Calvary church But he got out of the knees and baked for Jesus to save him what all I crap God I guess he figured that's a pretty good racket too, you know 919 man. We need 81 votes in 25 minutes. I don't think it's in the Andy card. Do you You can do it. I can do it. What if I sit here in 921. You know they're coming in chunks now. Can you smell it? That's what you smell I think I'm gonna stick with this computer. I think it just put the element in the closet with Tom Cruise and John Provolta and our Kelly's in there too. Hey Britain it's an English thing that the old guy there that winning thing that was I talking or bored hunting with the Cheney and that's our Kelly Britain is open and investigation In the new allegations of abuse by its forces in Iraq. It's not allegations okay After a newspaper released what it described as a video showing soldiers separately being Iraqi use which we've seen 50,000 times today The news of the world said yesterday the alleged attack. It's not alleged The attack by eight soldiers which followed a scene showing you throwing stones at the soldiers was video taping Southern Iraq in early 2004 Britain's defense ministry said it was a word these serious allegations and that a military police investigation was looking into them We condemn all acts of abuse and brutality always create any allegations of wrongdoing extremely seriously said a spokesman The news of the world said the scenes which lasted for about two minutes were videotaped by a Cropple for fun Apparently from a nearby rooftop. Yeah, he was just fun, you know On the tape the youths please for mercy are ignored the bigings include what appears to be a British soldier kicking one of the youths showed Pinned at the ground by the soldiers in the generals like you always say it has always got to be some factory Involved it's the fraternity crap whether it's hating whether just whatever was a I would like that plunger raping police all of the right in In other cases, so they're puts a boy in a headlock Then releases him only to butt his head against the boys and struck his fist on the boys head but head The youths cries can be heard on the tape which shows a net worth of the attack with 42 blows counted according to newspaper Even around Jeremy's impressed The tape includes what sounds like a running commentary of approval from the cameraman. Oh, yes. Yes, you're going to get a beauty ass-noddy little boys That's awfully gay, but then again, it's brits keep in mind The narrator can be heard saying is the blows land die The news of the world said the video was shown to friends of Cropple in Europe and one of them reported the incident to the tabloid newspaper And it just goes on and on but we're there to like he masturbate or he didn't sex up the the Intelligence because there were no intelligence involved You have to be a more on to believe blurring bush a couple of beanie brains. Oh speaking a bunch of Birdshot Right 936 what do you think you think we're gonna get 60 full-mull if we don't I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna get on my hands And he's in prefer Jesus to accept us all of us the whole crew They're trikling in 939 940 here they come one at a time What do you what's your thoughts? What's your thoughts on dessert? You know one thing about that movie two movies Americanist we have see I don't know about you but my idea of a really good movie Some movie where it is not a drag time right Good so like this all is crap about their ass-mountain. I mean there's nothing but drag The only drag too. I have a question. Yeah What did you not not that anybody out there cares but tell with them that living a stone today? In imaginary heroes remember they're having the new year the Christmas party at the Goldbird or Rollwater They're in due guys houses right and That I think it's a drag queen since that really a bizarre song You know I'm talking to you. I do and I don't know what it is and And Tim is standing there like watching kind of curious Nancy and he leads you a polio Well, what is that was that a drag queen? I'd have to I mean why have to I have to ask you it tells you something I know I don't know but anyway, the one thing about Americanist we ask and imaginary heroes There are no down moments in other words. There's no dead time You never think oh, this is a drag not not for a second Do they drag right I mean that broad might be in drag, but that's beside the point see what I'm saying right I mean that that's a very important component of a good movie if you got a movie that's like really Ponderous and you're yawning and well, I went to this animal Like that bear and bear ass mounting. Oh, God, and you still haven't seen what you call it a place And then rocide bon kills for US troops in Afghanistan, but I got it in my pile I'm watching like three four day now, so I might catch her for you. Well, what are these days? Yeah, we released expected 948. That's kind of great 52 in the 20 minutes. That's under three a minute and I was starting to like cut into that ratio Or here's the attacking it back home for this MP say one man is under a rat. Now you notice it's this video of a parent beatings No, if that just looks like they're just fun and I'm just out for this day Yeah, it's only from my life Or that's similar Okay Oh Okay You Gallo-Body approves 956 we can make it we're gonna come so close and miss just by Early little here, you know 956 So I got what you can do that We need 44 votes in 15 minutes you may be yeah, they can do it a vote a minute. It's almost three a minute No, what are you talking about a vote of men? It's like 15. Oh, your pants. They real bad old nine 57 They're pouring in by the ones they're trickling in kind of like the votes for Kerry and Ohio They've slowed down real bad now I must have the dibald people must be taking a hold of our our computer thing to this By the way, my new computer is right. I tell you that. Yes, you did Got a Chinese guy working in repair over there. It's no speaking in ways. I feel like I'm in Miami again Oh, speed of that. Yes, it's got a haircut yesterday nine 59. Yes, and your people boy My people Yeah, the lady cut the hair and lady getting her haircut man. They were like is Rayleigh or something Listen don't like me, but no as Rayleigh's man. It's not my people. They are your people know they're not I got a lot of weird even if it's a Dutch accent you say your people so now there you go Let's go for the goose Take a gander at this I think they're on each hand. Number one up in a year. Oh, 959. Let's see now. This is kind of stupid I mean it doesn't mean anything with it just means something to us. You know Look at the trunk that just came in there. They're chunk came in for grand Gary a big trunk You could vote on your cones who probably I could do what on your blackberry You know something you'll never believe this in a million years probably not guess what I have in my hand right now Your blackberry Yes Oh, so you were probably thinking something else and not and I even want to go and talk to Chipcovie Well, you would have always know and the reason I had it is because I was like sticking it in my pants pocket because I just You're in last break. We're got dressed You're getting there when I'm race over and pick up my computer and get that over with because I know it's gonna be a big strong advance It's a nightmare in that place anyway Vote for Mike Mike. How do you like that? By the way, one of the articles of sure you've read it Yes, as if they're gonna be doing the whoever it is has worked in something out to get around it The blackberry people instead of it shutting down Yeah, this is besides the bill gates thing that you were talking about right now I did not see that I didn't wait it and why are we if you got it? I saw it yesterday, but I could probably find it Well, I didn't get some of them before now. I kind of like we could have googled it because it didn't occurred to me And so you said blackberry well good Don't take my blackberry man. There's one thing I don't want it by tailoring my blackberry Not just the emails of the instant messaging is the internet You can do just about everything on there. It's got color. It's got black and white. Oh, and that was another interesting thing in American history X The way that they did the old scenes the flashback scenes in black and white and the crossings in color right Very interesting. We're in very well done. Great movie American history I said Norton never heard about curbing before until that show either. Oh, man That was put your teeth on the curb. Well, we don't want to know I don't want to know I don't want it. No, I can't imagine a line And there they go in that torrento crap again. Okay, you can see an ABC I can say we're in a little good because I can't stand ABC news But I'll say this Friday night at the end. I turn over to get wheel of squeal of fortune at the ass end of the news I brought what's your name that does the I have no idea Huh, I mean Bob word Ray feeling good right now, but whatever her name is she says They've given her a little Olympic update. She says there's been to the bait between Torina Which is the tag in name for the city or Torin we and ABC of the side of the stick with the English tourin All right, let's hear it for ABC. We can't say much for them It was of the longest that's her name. Well, what a memory? I got you beat nine seventy four. We're gonna do it. I told you we can do it. You can't say no chance by the way Guy he mentioned was a comedian junior samples junior samples. I told you he's a comedian You know he's a football player. I'm three comedian Two in your samples. Well, what is he who we got with that show? He would then I I read it So he hop he hop He hop He hop on the first I beat him both to it. Do your samples and he haul Hey, if you admit to be in he'd like and he hop My president take out new woods man. You won't come back. I'm like his old buddy All these people all whipped up all of my president shot a guy Let me say it again. He said the biggest butcher is the biggest murder was this country's ever had in power It's definitely very Truman and you know At least he did at at least he laid it right out there to the jabs, you know, and now look how they're getting even Did an amazing what goes around comes around and that's because after WWE WWE what did we do? We helped to build the Germans up again and the jabs up again. That's right and now in a lot of areas They're leaving us like in the dust in the dust and Lou doves is on her scream and I'd have all the outsourcing and jobs to India well, I'll be next okay the engines They got some real issues there in engineering, you know too many people. Oh, yeah too many people and too much curry scandal scarred Republicans question bushes actions President Bush came under fire from angry Republicans Friday for his failed policies on a rack health care immigration and other hot Button issues and a close meeting meant to rally shell-shot party members for this years congressional elections They're peeing in their pants over baby. They know that their days are numbered Someone so far as to call Bush an embarrassment to the party and the nation and grumbled at the party with stand-up better chance And remember his midterm elections if he were not president although no much so far since his just he being paced at least not yet All man, I'm rubbing my hide likes to get him so excited about this Like our grasshopper It became evident in the meeting that a growing number Republican members of Congress feel the president no longer an asset to the party while he's part of that anyway He's the ass part This is one GOP congressman who asked not to be identified. I'll ask going around scandal rock Republicans in the house claimed publicly Bush urnovation when he defended his program Egypt without court warrants on Americans with suspected terrorist eyes a program that's been questioned by both Democrats and some Republicans But sources in the meeting Who has not to be named as the meeting was formally closed. That lawmakers anxious over post-showing Waning faith in the man the president called the president to task for his growing list of failures Many members of the president's party of voice concerns about the 2.77 trillion dollar federal budget that Bush has proposed this week Which removes defense spending by bring cuts in a hundred and forty one domestic program from veterans health care to housing I mean how what kind of a moron you have to be not to see through this crap a more tax cuts for the rich more money for war And school everybody else including the veterans that he's always peeing on about what you've got to support our troops But once they come on the school stick it to them Others raised question about Bush is domestic spine program saying his refusal to follow along along the national security agency to where to have Americans will hurt the partyepting midterm elections While summer Republicans tried to put a brave face them. I was often a contentious meeting with leader of their party Many admitted privately that most of the people in our show this pleasure with Bush and Or for me question both his commitment to the party and the American people how do you like that? Whole articles on our website you might want to read some of those if I have somebody read them to you Be really good for you. I Think whatever cookie before I go and pick up my computer give me some extra energy Right where can you take the energy with me she can slap it back? Who is the funniest man in the history of the movies? Can you smell it oh 90 one we got it licked told you Well, I feel like I worked really hard tell a lot of Joe Bell when you go to lunch I wore Neil work for his mind today. It's pretty unusual, but he really he worked his fan ass off to that get the old college try Oh, yeah, the funniest man in history movies now works 125 Peter Celle's 100 the only two in triple digits Rodney danger field 75 Roger Mar 73 Richard prior 60 Jim Terry 52 John Cree's 44 John Kenny 44 John Malushi 38 Bill number 31 Mohour 31 Woody Allen 29 HIV-Tace 24 WC fields 21 curly Howard 20 Lauren hearty 20 Steve Martin 20 Dave Shappelle 18 Leslie Nielsen 18 He's great Gene Wilde 18 Evan Costello 17 Charlie Chaplin 60 Jerry Lewis 14 Mike Myers 13 Robert Williams nine Albert Brooks six nine Now the most six Jansana five six any Murphy five Eric idle five Harold Lloyd five All the old parts are coming out of the closet Bob hope five Rowan atkinson missed a bean for Best of Keaton for Bert Lar 3 two for Robert to Manini Marty Feldman 2 Andy Kaufman 2 one for Michael Pellan Terraguliman Graham Chapman and Numford Carl Wider or Fortory Jones 9 91 We're right on the verge you can smell it Team ,ese Don't let him babys neighborhood I may be a cookie saw but the Even though we're too guys Don't move anymore Help me you out of there Over there that I wear a capego Who went always a dress Woohoo Everyone knows it Raccoon Nothing is game As our wedding day Woohoo Now we can show it Now we can show it Man, it's me I'm down on my knees Oh, I'm down on my knees You're fair Some of you are my heart I won't go play to your heart I won't go play to your heart I won't go play to your heart Bye bye bye