Thanks for the fact, Eric. Come on. Every time we have like a little technical snafu, they're always trying to convince me that something I'm missing and you know what, it's never on this end. But it's good exercise though. George has me climbing on a ceiling and doing cartwheels and potting around what is. Now I'm plugging that and it always is on that end. That's good. That's good. Yeah, that's good. There's always like I told you the other day in our conversations. There's always too many hands in the pot. So to speak, a lot of people want to smoke it, but too many hands in it. Too many people messing around with that room. At any rate, did you even go to Calvary to say, Did you? And I sure feel bad that you talked me into going to Woodbind. You did, right? Is that what happened? I never have good vibes yesterday. Oh, man. Your vibration sensor is a lot better in mind. It was a disaster. It was no good machine. I mean, oh, it was bad. And I stayed too long, but you know something that's way close. I can change my life. Did you enjoy the day? Yeah, and you know something that much more philosophical, even if I have a really bad day, which I did to worst I've had in a long time. It's, who cares? They're going to change my life. Yep. Right? That's right. Going to take a lot of bad days to change our lives. Yes, it's true. Speaking of changing our lives, I had a call. I don't know if he heard it, but I have one of the great calls in history. Yesterday on this show, it was just some old geezer calls up to tell me that he was lucky and opposite young man to attend the funeral of JFK. Then 20 years later, he attended the funeral of JFK Gleason. He wants to know, do I have any plans for some kind of, I guess this must have been after I read the thing about Chuck Singsman Moral service. Yeah. Do I have any plans for a memorial service? So he could, because he thinks it would be gigantic and it would be the biggest one ever in South Florida. And everybody, I said, let me ask you something. Sir, how old are you? He says, I'll be 60 in October. I said, well, I'm 63 in our guarantee. I'm going to outlive you by 10 years in Oregon. I'd be like that. It's a hobby this guy. I don't know a lot. He attends the funerals of well-known people. You know what? That's like the wedding crashers of movie. Didn't see it. Oh, you should see it. You know, that's a very funny movie. It reminds me of the scene in Network where William Holden is telling the Fed in a way about after he gets canned about how he's so bored and he spends most of his time going to the funerals of his old friend. Yeah, yeah. That's true. I mean, what kind of a life is that going going in this guy? I'd say about 98% of this was serious. This wasn't a put on. Well, he wants to know what. So I tell you what, maybe I can sprinkle my ashes on his, living on floor if I quote first. How's that? You want to be cremated? Oh, yeah. Where you want your ashes to go? Well, I would say the finish line of poppin would be good. Okay. In fact, maybe fat rich and I can argue for eternity, about the three horse and whatever. That's a good idea because, you know, why you can do it during the races, so that people go out there and while they're waiting for the event, can bet? Right. So you have action too. I'm fine. I had enough action yesterday, I believe the last a long time. Believe me. That's a good thing to do for your friends. Yeah. So let them come and let, let Wally, him a seat, tromp it over by ashes on the track after all the terrible things. Sorry, I'm running over here. I want all these sheepers. Yeah. Hey, listen, not that long. It's a middle of January already. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. We got to a lot of people in the city. Before, you knew that, we stayed in the city. We didn't get to a lot of people there. You know, we didn't get there. We approached the community to go to class. We really wanted to be兄. We wanted to pick upventional. We didn't try to buy stuff. We said they wanted foot. We could search. We were buying saints. We didn't ask the public for this. How they spend the afternoon, how cheap does the church of the church. We think the church is good. really today you know he's just telling the guys before the show that all that big who plough about stern and all the big and you'll give him credit for that he got eighty trillion dollars worth of free promotion but it's all over now you know I mean the after one day because he even himself he admits that uh... he's broadcasting with small fraction of what he was on regular interest or radio and number two uh... what's there to say now you know he said the few uh... fbombs and whatever and that's it that's he's got to go down every day he is going to find himself very marginalized after period of time because he's going to be nobody's going to be talking about him no more it's uh... so it is anyway the memorial service and i'm sure you'll be there monday i will to two thirty two thirty on monday at the uh... gardens memorial park uh... north military trail it's uh... yet in bokeh right forty one or three north military trail two thirty and everybody is invited says various radio tv personalities which are that's you in both cases and community which are easy out our expected with him and memorial and you will jice kipper chucked a nice picture of their two would at the skippers out fit on yeah i did not know from about a hundred years ago but nice got to can't have this skippers and hold it the hell of a whole page on chucked uh... we can with the and uh... the eighty now i'm not going to say that we're you know we've landed he checked out but eighties not bad you know something chuck was in pretty good shape i play golf off of a year ago yeah and uh... i think that's what did it he was you know walking brisk clear on the course yes fine now what do you have he has stroke oh well seems to be a lot of that going around these days yeah well then come to find out i got an article in my huge poverty by the real sureman about how the Israelis lie through their teeth after the first stroke about his brain damage before political reasons they didn't want to let on at uh... he was in real bad shape after the first one kind of like the did clerk business again so let me ask you something is sure on who seems to be making progress no he's he can a host a new year's he's celebration in your house and he took the words out of my mouth i was just gonna say rush your show and he's going to reach out and grab a couple of pieces of a couple of potato alchus for honica i already said the other day he moved his left arm because they held up it's almost poor i mean they held up a tray of humontation and he reached for it but that's almost true you know what they did they were talking about his favorite dish of the lamb and lamb and uh... seriously and this is not a joke when they had when he had the first stroke and they described i was in an incident i was watching on a BBC and they described the meal he had the night before he had the stroke lamb chops and hamburgers and shishka bob and for dessert two huge pieces of chocolate cake i can't imagine why he had a stroke can you he's got seventy seven years ago he would have been a lot better on when they brought the cake out he just said small piece from him and you look like mistwiggy for crying out loud that's how huge he was in all piece for me yeah tiny piece microcordia only was there cake remember that scene and gone five and three of a lot of other ridiculous scenes in that movie here he's a diabetic who kept going to be's seizures remember that yeah no worst times he could go and he said if they uh get together there and he's offering k piece of cake and he's eating it yeah but he just said small piece ah right like the scene where he's meeting with the guy that the bishop the turn got the chosen to be the pope remember that yeah isn't he's a good man and uh all of a sudden he's there and they brought him to candy and he knows he's ours yeah yeah it was priest man he always got something sweet around it and then that usually a couple alter boys i got a great story about that to about a bishop who was a views by priest as a young man and he wants uh sex abuse victims to be given more time to suit the Roman Catholic church you go father you go pops how do you like that you talk about sweeping stuff out of the carpet very tragic but you know as well as i do that nothing in life is what it appears to be most people are full of crap that as long as we know that going in it's one good thing about getting a little bit older and i was gullible and as idealistic as you were as a young person uh that's for sure some people would call that being cynical i would call it being a little more worldly wise yeah yeah well we'll say i will say this just which gears a little bit i mean i don't know about you but and of course i'm out of the building so i can't feel the vibes the vibrations i'm sure on the one hand there's a lot of nervous nellies running around especially and sails but uh in on the other hand everybody is like so upbeat now you know and i find myself actually doing a lot more work each day not that i didn't do a little bit of show prep about you know 20 seconds every day but uh because i feel like there's some purpose to it now there's a lot of there are a lot of many meetings going on back in the sails area we're going to have the first page of my log just came through we're having some technical problems urgent like i told you it was on your end it was on your end it was on your end it was old then like you invented that fact machine what facts machine the one that you're using if it's on your end it's still reflection on you no that's not the point by the bit there's no point my constantly going through all these generations here when we always know it's on all the time because we're too many fingers in the pie i told you about that about all the all the grimmlins were running around the world all the people that had the keys to every room what does Robert Greeper do we have in keys to all the studios in there a creep like that yeah exactly he's got that's how many keys he's got he's got nine keys to every room i wonder if he's got so that i i'll tell you why he has him yeah in case somebody left some piece of the one oh i almost got you hold man you are we need to go to reform school you brought it up you mentioned graper yeah also over the guilt by association yeah greefer is a cling-on whoever showed a put him on he's sucking out that that's him that's why he's still there in fact i should have talked next time i talked to you i'll be sure and single him off for special abuse because if anybody deserves it what a phony our shark called him minimoo good Canadian boy there Mike Myers well listen on that note now today i'm sure after hitting a day off yesterday you really you did the right thing you you using the knife's egg and zagging was not the right move yeah i'm uh i should have come on my side or the Saturday well Saturday for me too yeah i'm going to go back and get back everything i lost yesterday do you believe me well double team no yeah well we'll give it our best shot that's all you can do he's just give it a shot yep let's see you like the a Patriots or Denver Patriots you and let's see who else is playing washman and uh don't tell me see how to see how to write you said not to tell you see how well said we're neck and i agree washman's got no offense and i didn't i tell you mark Ronaldo sucks i don't care how many games they want to roll i gave his numbers out earlier they run away defense not with offense mark Ronaldo is last three games he hasn't gone over he was a great year ago he was a cramp so see how little kicked their ass and then who we leave him out what about the other in the abariceburg well you know how i'm rooting for an that game which i would never root for Pittsburgh but in this case i'm making an exception how would you like i'm going back and forth on that when i'm in the side yeah i'll let you know more and the bears are playing now who Carolina Carolina Carolina is going to kick their ass i'm going with Carolina Carolina look at his career quarterback theory they look really good last week Carolina nothing would be fine to do a get out of Carolina yeah well the bears are tough at home at defense is 25 points better than anybody else you know the biggest problem in a Carolina's too many goham you know what there is i think i've talked to you about this before there we always a hardcore small powerful Jewish population charlotte yeah right western Carolina in fact it was a great humorous dream bro Harry golden that's the one Harry golden when you're alive in his real life oh he's a great guy named gobert and oh Harry golden right i used to read his books he was a funny guy yeah great he was very good and you know who else was great was Alexander King needs to be able to get parable times yeah give remember him yes very very funny guy right his books course he's dead and uh i'm i'll tell you what i'll give you my arrangements tomorrow but let's promote that today i'm going to give you my funeral arrangements tomorrow well figure out where we're going to sprinkle the ashes in that guy can make his plans on the way to while before we pick a date though yeah we won't pick the date but we'll just start making a plan you can ever start planning two or far ahead okay well have a great day in the i'm not rolling today i know he's gonna say save it all up for Saturday for the big plunge i'm gonna work on football today so i have nothing but winners all right see yeah see that thing real no ah oh oh Everyone knows it Nothing to take as I'm waiting day for Now we can show it, now we can show it Never in the plane, I'm down on my knees Oh, I'm down on my knees, you're fairly I'm going to bring it my heart I won't go break in your heart See, that's an old evening, I brought a facet toy, a good time I'm going to bring back some old evening, I'll be a reason for it No, I'm sorry, I'm talking to engineering About the facet machine, well how come it's working now? So yeah, that facet that you got from the earlier, right? I didn't do anything different, it just decided to go through that time But it's not going through, in other words, it's faxing when it wants to We want to I understand, the log came through, just fine, from another, we had to go through Oh, I see, there's something in the building, maybe joking Like a building, a bottoming, an exercise, I think Let's get father, Maran on a phone Anyway, this facet came through, now we need to send this one from Well, what just went through? The one about the channel's WTVJ Yes, okay, I only tried ten times to get that thing through I guess one of them was good, well, I'm going to go just keep trying Just keep banging it, I think it's the phone company Here we go again, anyway, this is an important facet Maybe for people who actually watch channel four or six, whatever it is, six, they used to be four Sores is called Florida News Center that changes their coming to WTVJ Veteran anchored Tony Silver Redder was out as the 11pm co-anchor Well, I'm actually not going to deflate his big pompous ego Hey, Tony, you're a silly person, okay, you're not a news guy, you were a silly sports guy And I was supposed to be a credible news guy who are you kiddin' Tony, go back to you, man And have we replaced by current weekend evening anchor Michael Williams, who's very good, by the way Don't you think? Yes, Joel Kuh, boy, you haven't been here? Yeah, yeah, well, listen, it's not that big of a deal, I mean, I could understand if we had any important stuff That's the fact, so up here, all I know is that my stuff here, my goods are just fine, okay, everything here is working just fine Joel, kind of will fulfill William's bottom of the weekend WTVJ will also be getting a new graphics package by the end of January It says stay tuned for further details in whoever sent this is thank God cigarette oh sucks, man I always think of a buddy with Hank, that's why I better not bring it up at least not in the crossover But by the way, Tony, you're a silly person with a big ego, remember when he and was sloppy, Velopi? Remember of course, not really Don't seriously remember her when they both wanted to be taken to a working alone as a senior every day Again, talk about it, if you're gonna have a big pop as ego, you better have something behind it, okay A lot of talent is a good idea 14 every day these free votes on the pool from yesterday I got Eric so confused and he's full of his by the way, Eric, I did send that thing and it didn't get there and got lost in the mail So I'll replace it immediately right after the show lost in the mail, what a concept The best regional food in the USA, 1483 votes, New York pizza wins going away, went pretty good battle going on there for a while New York pizza pulled away in the stretch 240 votes from New York pizza, fully cheese takes 159, name lobster 112 I don't know why I'm going, because I don't really care about it I like it, but it's overrated, very heavy with cholesterol man, that's all the butter I said that it will cost, Buffalo chicken wings 100 Chicago pizza 98, that didn't pretty well, because I'm not choosing between because they're like two completely different products But let's face it New York style pizza is a lot more famous in Chicago pizza Although when we had the my pie and your pie and we've been through this as a living time What was the other one? They had the real thick Chicago pizza there, and I think they went on a go with a godfather's No, no, no, there was another product altogether, godfather's But anyway, that doesn't mean some people find out about it, but unless you've been in Chicago, you don't know what it's all about New England fans, Chowder 95 man, oh man, do what could I go for a big bowl right now? How is it Kajron 78? Cuban cuisine 75, that's that real mochi bean stuff right southern fry And due food is easy is just a fallout of bed in the morning It's just started this along time with no knowledge at all The beans and beans and a long time ago, I got to you, it still gets to you Just forget about it, it's just a filter fish Okay, hey, I take that capilet of this any day of the week, especially with little horse radish Can't pull horse radish on mochi bean, I don't think I've ever had a the capilet fish You haven't, well be sure to wash that the smegma off it through one Southern fried chicken 75, he was key lime pie 69, oh, I do love key lime pie. It's very sweet, very heavy Not like capi can pie, see here we go with the food again I had such a good wood by an across me a lot of mine, the loser couple pounds yesterday, but well worth it Texts max 62, Marilyn blue crab 41 for those of you with a thing for crabs Chicago hotdog 33, New York Bagel 32, California barbie, Carolina barbie 31 Since then I'd eat chilly 27, Wisconsin brought worse 22, boy, I love a good broad I wonder if the ones in the Wisconsin was good as the ones in Germany, if they're luck authentic, you know what I mean? Well, it's fine, that one. Well, let's get some scent It wouldn't even grinders 21 or hogeys or sub-zeway everyone calm if they're grinders and they're great San Francisco sourdough bread 19, right just your white hot's 19 jerk chicken 14, but don't kiss it Texas barbecue risk at 13 jerk pork 13, but don't create old 12 Chicago Polish kill bosses 7 New York water dog six, I it what's the point, you know? Texas blue bell ice cream, which I think is a brand name is in Scott of B Right, I guess I don't heard of it three. I don't know why there I guess our regional ice creams around I'm trying to think of like, drafts, which also makes candy, what's the bottom time made ice cream I don't know if they still do and like brigms in Boston, but at least I put like every every regional product by name We'd had listed like 20,000 Mexican 20, so why do we have to put Mexican? I don't know just that's a police or whatever the whole thing. Oh, yeah, look after that Spanish sausage man I'm just right now going to fact Eric the pulse of next 25 years 10 26 already a QMR award winning line of 30 more Howard David and did it in ed 2 Mad dog from Smokey bones barbecued from 4 to 6 30 and 4 lb Panther preview at 6 30 and who they finally play another game eventually and it's against the girls team They St. Louis blues that must be a home game right there in a match Arena right? Well, it says versus you know I wish a clearance would start terrifying. I'm sure it is Panther's in the same Louis blues seven o'clock and it decay after the hockey game Another break already This is launching OK a bow I think they'll laugh at matter. I get sore so I hear. The most terrible is the terror of dying. We got a man that just that knows about faith and the zeos. He's a terrible is terrible. He's a dead man. He fights mind out, how bad my soul flows. I guess I find something else that will come out. He fights back and forth. How bad women and tablet now! You gotta take your milk. Tasty! Just my book. I've quit my book. Take my guys to go get none. I'd like you and my children. Then a shoe, but penalistic stance. I can't afford to play a couple of seven for dying. They might want some and they have the pain. They have several hands out within the dying wall. Got a mismatch for a whole field. He's not gonna have to get along with me now. He's getting that measure. You must have a limit. You can't even breathe. Oh no! Oh, the good news for you is your DVD is on the way. I don't even know how to do that. Today it's tomorrow, should we? Primal fear. With Richard Gear. And it would not end lowerly. And Francis McDormand, who we just love like. Yeah, crazy. I'd like to take her to the living. Let me turn to the ending. I'm sorry. The preliminary report is that it's something because we are fact-specting here on a network. Yes. So it's got to be something to do with that. We set their primary theory right now. What are you saying? What are you saying? Exactly. What are you saying? I'm saying I'm saying it. It's not the office building. We, you know, the office building. It's like the internet situation. It's all for one, one for all. All the other. You know, I'm like a direct line to the outside world. We have to go through the very, very sad. Well, the next time that happens, don't have me touching him. I was stuff all the like I said. I could use the exercise. Bad news. This is strictly for Chicago people. Did you ever hear a man cow? Because I never heard him. Yeah, we talked about him the other day. But like I said, I never heard him. Oh, no. Only on the news. Like, whenever they show clips of the show, sometimes they'll have footage of him doing the show. And what bits do you see he was on? Up dog, the Fargo bones. I'm going to play what's up dog. You're not aware of a man cow's side up here. He does the yelling guy. Anger Anderson? That's right. Yeah, but most of those we can't play anymore. Sure, we can. The yelling guy? Yeah. Uh, well, let's see. Let me just try one. And I guarantee him when I have to probably cut it off. There are a lot of four. All right. Two quick. The yelling guy, Anger Anderson. We've been to have a shelf life. Okay. Uh, what about? Hey, dude. This yelling guy, Anger Anderson. So some radio losers in Dallas decided to be funny. To use the n-word, why describing tiger woods. But here's what's confusing me. Some people are surprised. Listen, these people. Their sisters. There isn't a full set of teeth in the city of Dallas. I'll tell you what there is in Dallas. So there's a football team called the Dallas Cowboys. And I'm not sure. But there might be some black guys on the team. Here's my prediction. Some radio station, door to our boss to get their ass kicked. What's wrong with that? Nothing at all. He's got a good one on the end. A court of tennis girls. They're like that. Oh, Cowboys Ray, a recurring character. I'm man cows morning man house died Tuesday night. As a result of lingering injuries from a hit and run accident. The Chicago crime reports that on November 20, Cowboys Ray, whose real name was Ray Hofsteader, had just left the Boheke bar and grill on Chicago, South West Side when he was hit by a car while crossing the street. He was taken in a critical condition to advocate Christ Medical Center where he received the initial treatment of a subsequently moved a holy cross hospital where he died on Tuesday. And I'll tell you it's to be conducted today. I wonder if that guy to call yesterday is going to be going to that funeral. We'll be sure and keep you at breast with your arrangements. While in Cowboys Ray was not that famous in Florida, but nevertheless he's pretty well known guy. The tribune says the vehicle at struck off, said, or fled the scene, and the driver still hasn't been found. Man cows offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the apprehension of the driver. Cowboys Ray was first invited to appear on man cows morning man house 10 years ago after frequent phone calls and dropped by visits. Ah, ha ha. See if he can't hear enough. He became known as the resident next to around such random things as Cucle class and the 60s TD showed dark shadows. Cowboys Ray also started to see the commercial promoting the movement. I was gonna say some slime ball. What's been a dead people? All you people who do you're crazy religions man. See you can't really single out because they're all, I think it was the Orthodox, they're domining at the wailing wall and they're rocking back and forth and at a course the Muslims on Image a carpets with their heads and each other's ass. And now just to show you how well pedestrian that kind of exercises. Now we've got everybody shrubbing to the hodge, the hodge pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia. Dozens of people are reported to have been killed in the stand peed during a symbolic stoning ritual. Oh, we gotta play that bit too, but they got in Shiite. Oh yeah, one of my favorites. Government officials said the number of people killed in the Muslim holy city was unknown. Mecca, who did that gene-pilly saying Mecca? I think I'll look it up. But for Brian I'll know. Mecca? That's before you were born. But news agencies put the toll on the dozens and maybe higher than 50. Royder said it's journalists counted least 50 bodies lined up on the ground and covered in white shrouds. Oh yeah, they're all sniping dresses over there at the hodge. The Arab TV news station, Al Arabia reported dozens of pilgrims were killed. A US-based religious scholar, who arrived shortly after the stand peed, said it was a heartbreaking scene. Looking at the amount of ambulances brings tears to your eyes, he said. The stand peed, like others in the past, happened during the stoning ritual in which the pilgrim stoning symbolic devil. Oh my God. Oh, I don't know why. I don't have neck up. But I do have our theme song here for the town where I'm putting it right. No, soft lotus theme song here. I like Jean-Penier, why? She's sorry. Stop over there. I think he's still alive, too Jean-Penier. Probably don't look to a bit anymore, but nevertheless, I got a gigantic pod here. We're probably sneaking a few phone calls. Now, here's the days, Paul. What is it? What did you hate most? Do we did the one the other day and somebody suggested we do this and make him happy? And I think it's okay. It's pretty good. What did you hate most about your childhood? I mean, the other day we did the one about what you liked their most. What did you hate most about your childhood? 300-7 votes already. Not having money, 60. Getting dragged at church for $56. That was a late edition this morning before the show. What did I tell you? Getting dragged at church or a troll or the hodge? Oh, I hate getting dragged at the hodge and getting caught in that stand feed. Don't you? It's like, oh, it was soccer game. A lot of crazy people. 56 school 47. Getting bullied 43. Getting dragged to visit relatives 34. I've parents 20. That's what I voted for. Not that I hated him. I was going to say somebody hated me. I learned here for me. Yeah, my parents. They were very young age that they were like, torrently challenged. It just wasn't there. Back to huh? Spanking 13. Being abused 12. Being treated like an infant eight. My neighborhood, the old hood seven, was horrible. Mom's cooking four and going hungry three. Well, you wouldn't go on hungry if he didn't eat mom's crappy cooking. Oh yeah, I would have. Good. Yeah. Oh. Oh, well, she probably made a lot of mushy beans stuff. You know, right. I got a fact here. This is a personal thing. I got a forwarded order for the rest of the time. I was going to get into anyway. I was just punching up a call. Yes. And Richard wants to know how to do something with his computer and once my help, but he doesn't have any contact information on his facts at all. Oh, I cured. Be happy to answer your question, Richard, but how the hell do I get old? Yeah, exactly. Plus how much do you charge him for that info? $20 a minute. Okay. W2M. Hello. Yes, sir. I can. I talked to Josh for a second. About one. Why you want to date? No, I just wanted to ask him a question. About one. I don't know. Just wanted to talk to him. Be like I said you lonely? No. No. What do you want to tell about? No. No. No. 560. Like I said, I'll sprinkle a few of those in there today. Not to keep it in the good mood, but if you get screwed at all, then that'd be something to tell. I got a heavy, heavy pile today, man. W2M. Hello. Neo Bad News Neo. They're going to give this game full of water. Face flip. Yeah. I ran all yesterday, yeah. They're going to give it all to hotels and frosts. No, no, they're not. They're going to put the price to take them out of the hotels and put them back out on the street like get a good old days. All of them. Hookers and the hustlers back on Discan Boulevard. Just like the good old days. W2M. Hello. QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, Neo. I've got a good old days. I know you got a school on there for a few of you. Put teachers. The work teacher is wrong. I would think that probably your teachers were in school. Yeah. Probably we won't. We can start hated the schools because yeah. No, I hate the school because the janitor. Yeah. How about the classroom? How about the smell in the classroom? Yes. A.M. Those crappy little cramped desks, you know. Right. And the sound of chalk. We're worried sitting in those damn innocent of the fingernails scraping on the chalk board. And kids farting in class, right? Uh, kiddy courted where you're sitting in. And nothing you could do. You can get up and run. All of those. All these. One of these things. Come in to QAM. Hello. You'll talk to George. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! W2QAM. Hello. Hi, Neo. I don't want for your pole. You don't mind. Talk to you. Do you want to talk to Josh? No, I just wanted to talk to you. What you do? I didn't take the last on the athletic fit, you know, for the basketball team or whatever. Can you know, yeah, you, you too, huh? Yep. Well, I'm short. So they want to pick me for the basketball team. You're fair. No, no, that's not it. I didn't say that. There was a fair divorce. Somebody on the slide. All right. Huh? Okay. Thanks, ma'am. Getting piggy pick last for sports. Okay. Right. You know what he's talking about? Yep. Actually, actually, I used to get picked like second last. Because it was actually in my gym class. It was like a real screamer. I mean, more wippy and hot and low pee middle of the pack. Much more, um, in effect. And I used to like to put the basket in the biscuit. I mean, the whole whatever it is. I want that. I'm basketball. I have a little trouble holding the ball though. That's not. I heard. Well, I learned later on 10. 10. 40. What a Q.A.M. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. 10. 14. 11. 21. 10. 10. 10. 10. 15. 15. 15. 10. 14. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 18. Good man, thanks for having us. We'll have all the dry fruits. We'll have food. The food is back from the conversation. We've doubled this to both. There's another big cow horse, John Wayne was married. These tables and re-aubles They rode for their back mountain Two three-day cow boy, God's side, those they come down to them With some cow from astro-one The Paras finally got very emotional about the whiffs and mones at the end of that But you were that, no, I wasn't sure I would whist up to her frenzy. If you haven't been 46 votes on the pool, what do you hate most about your childhood? Getting dragged at church has moved in slowly at 67 and rightfully served at church. Huh? That's what I voted for. Not having money, 64. Of course you go to church often and you won't have any money left They wanted all. School 52, I wonder if that includes the teachers in the classroom and the smell, the smell and the gym. Ooh, yeah, nasty. I was getting bullied 46, getting dragged at Is it relative, 37? I wasn't too crazy about that. My parents, 26 but then again, they were the ones that got dragged me. Spanning's 15, as opposed to the ones the other day who liked it. Being abused 13, being treated like an infant 9, my neighborhood's 7, old crappy hood. Mon's cooking six, going hungry three and getting picked last for sports, filament they all know so far. Now, now we got a new number. The number is rising by the middle and the hug is now more than 100 in Mcillden. The stand peeling. Really? And let me just read that one sentence again. The stand peeling, like others in the past, happened to me, stone throwing a ritual in which the pilgrim stone is symbolic devil. Ooh. So they just call in Father Miran. They're a little exercise. And you know, see, now you know as well as I do, that most people since most of the people who are talking to right out Muslims, they look at that and they think, ah, why don't we dig up this ass and I'm religion and they don't really hate. Right. Well, guess what? Mon is down to Halalahaze. You know, why is this different from any other religion with all the trappings in the crafter? And speaking of that, what a good segue to this first story today. An American bishop revealed yesterday that he was touched inappropriately by a priest 60 years ago, saying he wanted to discuss the abuse when he thought it would do the most good. As Hillary Bishop Thomas Gumbleton, who wants sex abuse victims to be given more time to sue the Roman Catholic Church, all right. It's believed to be the first US bishop to disclose that he was a victim of sex abuse by clergy. Bishop Gumbleton told CBS TV News anchor, ancient Bob Schiefer, that it was difficult for him to disclose the information. I tend to be quite a private person. I don't like to talk about things like this. And yet that this particular instance, it seemed that it could be helpful. I've been in touch with many victims. I know how important it was to them. I know how to be sad. Gumbleton 75 spoke Wednesday in support of an Ohio bill that would remove time limits that have prevented past victims from suing the choice over their alleged abuse. Some perpetrators haven't been exposed yet, and the only way to ensure they are is through the court. He said, Ohio bishops have agreed with extending the time limits for future abuse cases, but have vigorously lobbied against the provision allowing a one-year window for victims to sue or were abused at half and up to 35 years ago. I regret that we need this time to legislation by insist we do need it, veveled and said before meeting with lawmakers who are undecided on the bill. Gumbleton serves in the arts dicey's of Detroit, the fifth largest in the USA, with about a minute and a half Catholics and six Michigan counties. Gumbleton City was a seminary student in Detroit when a priest took him in other boys to a cabin northeast of the city. The priest started wrestling with him playfully, then he put his hands down Gumbleton's pants. Gumbleton removed himself from the situation. I was able to escape a terrible trauma, he said. Maybe he was just searching for Dingo berries. You think? I wonder if you found it. berries. Probably. He said he understood why some victims never brought lawsuits within legal time limits after reaching age 18, which are two to five years most days. I had an awareness that I think some other people might not have. They said they would say, of course, you could have brought this for twenty years ago, but I think I have some understanding of why they didn't, and why at this point they ought to have the opportunity to do it. Gumbleton said he thought about bringing up the incident, meaning of vishops, but the timing just wasn't right. The slowing down of Ohio's bill, which unanimously passed, decided, prompted him to come forward, to come out of the abuse positive so to speak. It seemed to be a very timely moment to do it, because I could make a difference for the victim. I like that. You go up, what you call it? Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch. Yeah. Yeah, I got a whole series of these stories about what America is. I don't know if I want to say what it's turned into, because it's what it is. But it's probably just as well that I can't send you any facts today. Why is that? It's sure we see them, but another good phone days and bad phone days. And thanks to all the things to will, like what? Oh, just like, for example, the latest Howard Stern report. No, we don't need Howard Stern reports today, you know? We need to don't need that, because it comes from the same amount of two people trying to tell us, we don't care. Anybody else who you have who want to hear us during your reading, go out and spend a money every month, otherwise leave us alone. Okay, why should we be talking about that now when we were talking about and we wanted to be on the station? Well, what's the point? Especially nobody else is either. Exactly. And then there's the parties over. I hate to break the news. Okay, if you enjoy who's show, no problem. Have a great time. Okay. But in the meantime, that whole sucking up to free publicity, a trillions of dollars worth, it's all over with now. So people even subscribe or they're thinking about it or not or whatever. And that's it. And he has removed himself from the mainstream of the media. And that's where he wants to be, or at least, and they also just released all at stock option, mind, to give him $128 million dollars to him buckloader getting. So they're not going to miss any meals. Maybe he'll be getting a haircut now. But these people are rough, sick, and think that we share the obsession for yet about it. Really, you're right. It wears you out. Yeah, it's just like that one of your people at Julio, they call this, they will. Canada is not on a serious well too bad. Yeah, don't come to Canada, okay. That's my best suggestion, okay. We don't have no mushy beans here, so don't come to Canada. A federal appeals court has upheld a 55-year prison term imposed on a Utah man. With no criminal record was convicted in 2003, of selling $700 worth of marijuana on three occasions. $700 worth of marijuana in this guy in America gets 55 years. That's the American way. You got it. The case of the man, well, then H. Angelo, a surrequid producer from the Salt Lake City who was 22 at the time of his crime, has become a benchmark into debate about sentencing rules and justice. The trial judge in the case complained initially to send switches required by federal statutes, and he thought it was excessive, no. And 29 former judges in prosecutors read in a brief columnist or angelosis behalf. But a three-drug panel of the 10-survive court of appeals made a decision issued a late Monday in Denver rejected those arguments. The sentence properly reflected the Will of Congress, the court said, and wasn't cruel to one usual punishment. That's only 55 years. So I wonder what chief Kennedy's could is going to get for some of those 2 million pounds of pot or trying to do? Mr. Angelo, wasn't it 50 million pounds? Mr. Angelo also is reported by witness to an arm with a pistol during two of the drug sales and requiring stiffer sentences in cases where drugs and violence are linked. The court said it was the gentleman's social policy. It was armed with a pistola. Didn't shoot anybody that I know of, but nevertheless, although the district court concluded that his sentence was disproportionately to his crimes, and he disagreed, of course, said in our view, the district court failed to record proper different circumstances decision to severely punish criminals who repeatedly possess firearms in connection with drug trafficking crimes, and he runously downplayed the seriousness of angelosis crimes. His attorney Jerome H. Mooney said that this wouldn't be a purely different reconsideration by the full court of appeals or directly to the US Supreme Court, such as it is, on how about poor Sam Alito's wife yesterday. He left the court, and he went to the court and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he went to the court, and he'll get him to confirm, and he went to the court, and he got the votes. So when you went out there and voted for all these good Republicans out there, like Mel Martinez, for example, maybe you weren't thinking too good, too straight, about what the, or maybe you like fascism, I don't know, Canadian seemed to be in trouble with another, and they're going to put Stephen Harper in charge, who's kind of like Bush Light, same crap. Fascism is sweeping the world, just look at that new Nazi Pope, baby. Ignor must take a boated fascism is making a big comeback. Oh, never again, yeah, never again, my ass. All the cliches, all the time, see life is more than just a stupid cliché. Gotta story about Bill Pusty, Colonel Violin video game sales, too, speaking of people that don't understand the constitution, which is most of you are Latino legislators and Florida, by the way, including Senator Alice D. as they love tortilla. They just make it up to single along, or fascista rams with Vatista, and like we were talking before the show, that's the mindset of these people. They love Vatista, they love fascista, they're right. That's why they're so anti-communist, because that's too far on the other side. And also, of course, it's connected with that really ugly word, liberal. Ooh. Don't be numb, I'm liberal, mushy beans. This is real ruggers. This is 516, 216. This is the real ruggers, I'm so sure of so. This is a real rugger. That's very interesting. Charge after charge, the judge repeating all of the facts of indie prosecutions, charging documents, and him saying, over and over again, guests your honor, guests your honor. Foul is given lots of gifts, we go home, he's gonna be the fed. They're gonna walk him through Come Laugh her boyfriend and Saul. Nice<|en|> Go Laugh her boyfriend and Saul. Be over mom. Come Laugh her boyfriend and Saul. Caught forty-five thieves. Rebellious trust. Cissue to watch teepee andown to shower. aren't you shocked? yeah kind of and don't forget there's no six things global warming it's just a little company tinkle uh... piece of propaganda so stop thought make it up just another anti-capitalist the piece of propaganda the pion of parade of all those big business tycoons w q a m hello yes sir how are you today? great hey uh... i'm going to kill you with the market stock no you're not haha no you're not not going to kill me or the audience with any hot pot panters didn't say no is tonight but away but i don't go see the panters uh... they play great at home and you want to see him kicked the answer really crappy team go out and see that game that i could as a panthers will kick derange and they got clumbas on the center day is it's a matter of tomorrow setterry other girls team so uh... it looks like a four more points for your panters by the way got a k i was from hockey dot no thanks all i would be but i'd be a cause then we could probably make the arrangements until i got a call yesterday were to come in a visit company yeah yes sir every i said the first year of elected companies right in the church now well by the way speaking of that i thought we had to get to give away the day to what or Smith uh... whatever we're awaiting the details for waiting the details is eleven o'clock from your fat fray yeah well he didn't say well or how many or anything like that they were spent tickets anybody wants to know about the tickets i don't know when you're going to be or where they're going to be or what's all about or how many we got if we do have any or but then again at the figures because that's your close personal body hi out of the way you probably want to know why he's stuck in a round these days don't you i don't know exactly why uh... after there's any insecurity in that sales department or on a beam and you talk about some people have been like floating their way through and they're not the only ones in you'd be a manly charity is a bit of floating their way through life or a long long time you haven't seen this much activity in the muslims and paid i'm sure that and fact they're probably going to be a lot of jobs that are then those are muslims i'm saying because you call that a consultant or i don't start picking on him now that he's done new five six seven i'm going to just get a fluier calls on here because like i told you i got some heavy duty stuff and it might be ten or twenty people out there were care about hearing i know George does okay are you still w q i m hello jack top sons coming back well in that great i'll put it in the boy yeah by the way q i m yes did it true now what is that that you know this you're oh geez i guess i'm going to my file when i will use a sin i was just a aerosmith is at the bank uh... thank you and i think with any credits okay can't have everything not can well that's a skill plenty of time that's a week from today then the nineteen visit next to j i hope that i can't be online twelve i couldn't be back thanks again could it q i m fact line yeah that's what he works hello it's about a fact and it's out of voice it's just a hang up we get something different on the bat line just about every day good w q i m hello playin for the line as well use it for something w q i m hello hey airs bit nothing i want to be a diamond ticket not right we'll say you have to casino ram okay maybe you can be in that same bus that uh... killed it over with all in my old farce of it the cvl diamond don't you dare play anymore that meal diamond crap okay come in q a m not lying hello i think it's the bank Atlantic senator the the incident or you dot she said the other place which i guess is where i think you we should fire a john system no no no no no i wouldn't want that you guys are excellent not called on the plane just straight now the record so it's okay thanks for screening us out and go out with our day now so where is it it's at the end of the center next now where did you say it was going to be i guess i said bank united it's bank Atlantic bank united bank Atlantic man you better get with it the bank Atlantic rental yent senator the bank divided well suddenly change the name of it in so many times already so it is you are in hello hey you know how you doing all right yeah work for the post office and i was delivering the electric bills yesterday and as they came back up the other side of the street i heard the shrieks of the customers as they found out what to do electric bill is and then when i got home i looked at it screaming yeah i was never finishing the governor did it to us again yeah you go bend over and put a smile on your face you got it thank you okay well if you want to do solid service all you got to do like uh... milk vernalo's electric bills course they know check your electric off nevertheless right when it down toss them out take like a dime off your uh... who was it that was right in that mic mail he was going to protest by taking off like uh... what was it about uh... you sent off uh... yeah some silly ask grandpa like that it's kind of like check my windows quarters on the turnpipe which by the way it was very pleasant to see that the uh... toll on the turnpipe now is a dollar and i see even number there i remember when it was like fifty cent and was seventy five cent and after i see even dollar so before you get to pop in a park i'm already in a whole a buck you know let me say my free program in uh... meal five six seven oh five sixty like they yesterday would buy a could even for y'all i would need that food there but i could eat in free for a few grand five six seven oh five sixty pound five six into Verizon single wireless line calls are so good um... you know i got to see what's gone always threaten to go through the whole thing by get so in in trouble with it's you know yeah but the calls w2a hello like that one was probably one of the better ones w2 a m hello two a m and i'm right good no i can't see a couple of weeks ago i am not reported that uh... doctor bill first we all know who that not be is right yeah his family so often stock is for medical uh... for medical stock that they had yes and he's in a whole story yeah he'll have a twenty two hundred and a half how much money to get out for good hundred and twenty million dollars and he didn't know how much to go right no he didn't know he owned a stock uh... he didn't know how much it's so far right i mean i think i can't get up not that he would lie you understand because he's a good person i think making here so we're probably no if he had next to a hundred twenty million later out and making with the next to a hundred and twenty bucks later on what did i want to strike pretty real yeah okay well calm down palpac on a change you know scandal and lies and people dying in wars i got a story is matter fact is said by your close personal friend Doug Thompson from the ran capital hill blue bush tind war with the rack long before an i'm a tax i love that guy dot i just i'm i pushed that right up toward the atop a my uh... pile now in fact speaking my pile i got to get to it this you know this is all well and good yes up threatening citing concerns about popular video games like grand theft auto the florida legislatures moving ahead with legislation that would make a legal settlement file and games to minors despite warnings the measure will be tossed out by the court's unconstitutional the bill on one's day made it to its first senate committee hearing where leading republican state states to do more to protect children from getting their hands and violent games grand theft auto which by the way i think Josh court says it copy right now and he's good we're gonna come and drag your ass out of there i have two grand theft auto how you had you had but when you get home there can be waiting for a red of the dough grand theft auto for example scum under fire for its violent imagery as well as the fact that one version of the game and struck repairs to kill the cubans and kill the Haitians mine so that don't have the same kind of maturity experiences as the else to say the bill sponsor senator alis dsd la portia who's about hundred yards to the right of hitler the mimey republican said that if the state can prevent children from having pornography out called tobacco it should do the same with the violent video games left to their own devices children often don't realize the harm they're causing the self through the exposure of graphic sexual and violent content found in many of today's video games he said i think if they want to buy a bans something for the graphic and violent band the bible a bird this is not the first time that legislatures have considered bills to curb the sale of video games to mineers but the as they la portia predicted his measures got a good chance of passing the legislations model after california lot it's currently being blocked by legal challenges in the state meanwhile prominent democrats like ua sendary hillary sweltering clinton of the earth are pushing the congress consider bany the sale of violent video games as well boy she pandering or what uh first it's burning the flag and i would say is violent video games who are you kidnana the panderer what i'll bitch the letter he was screwing around not to mention of course the ice princess fact the the florida measure would block retailers from reddig were selling to a minor any video game that depicts killing maiming or sexually assaulting another human being if the violence with the pig and a heinous or cool or defraved fashion is that heinous or heinous member famous a niss yeah adults with still be a lot of purchase the games on wednesday even opinion was divided of game stuff a video games to impember flakes mall and pember pines is in the hero baby resident at least anti-aggle fifteen a tenth grade or at no high in baby seven age them in for buying a many violent video games should be established violence in video games does have an effect on kids yet and kids often imitated within a sea sentia go said they try to imitate the shooting in the caps they see this fun but miramar resident Samuel thalmer nineteen the city's been playing video games since he was about twelve called a bill on fair former student bcc said the violence in a game is those that would increase in aggression on kids it's a difference between games and real life he said on the proposed legislation game manufacturers before the place a large eighteen sticker on the games and any retail that sells a violent game to a minor would be charged with breaking the law and something to a thousand dollar fine video game industry representatives as well as executive with the video and movie store chain movie gallery told legislators yesterday that the bill wasn't needed violated the first amendment ah listen ever go with that constitution crap again you know just like bushed just a piece of paper video games are protected speech out of the first amendment just like movies books intelligence said Sally Jefferson of the entertainment software association Jefferson pointed out that most game manufacturers utilize a voluntary rating system intended a help parents making form decision about video games he said most major retailers refused to carry games without the ratings and they don't read adult oriented games to mine is now tempered paesers and it may be in parades since he tries to follow the ratings when the sudden which games are children eleven year old cement and nine year old one can play she supports the proposed bill she picked out a good one that would be great she said there are some games that are not good for kids but senator can prove it republican forcing loosely said he is worried about the major retail such as walmart but rather small independent store set up in strip malls he's not worried about walmart will guess what most everybody else is early should be i'm willing to take our chances in the court said prove it i think our children is there no less prove what wants to do it what if he's can't regret for it used to be running back for the browns you think doubt it the states and it commerce and consumer services committee passed the bill on a seven one vote senator everland and orman vitri republican was the low no vote setting censorship concerns i screwed at honey whether doubt just cost everything out just bring back uh... was that commission uh... the well during the movie thing haze the he's commission began the he's commission i got like four hundred pages on the back one of these days while legislators and moving ahead with the bill that ask out of the bush that he wasn't sure if government needs to banish the livinity against senior prefer to leave the job of parents i think so for relations of first it was said parents had a ticket to the children's lives oh oh oh oh oh oh oh you're a little bit as governor what a committee in parents ought to take control over their children's life what about this is new this is five now when i was a young man to move it i would see i've got a giant hate only i think he's gone he made a lot of money being a big money always gets more thrilling planning up a building home we heard we we gathered a lot of money the giant planning along with a three hour long by the guy who made you tower when you want to mention you're jetting now when he dies don't think that he's a nut he just felt real hard but all they want is he going for an Oscar he's our favorite monster he's the net he's the net got a lead i'm a dance and want to 1118 at five sixty WCM 45 votes on a poll today not to shabby huh? slightly relevant to it woo what did you hate most about your childhood getting dragged a church 86 getting slipped away therefore at the tampence circumcised all at nonsense a real hotdog or no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah put that smug on your head and then of course the calfers with the beads and the bombs never done so i'm curbyshto on the four bombs bangles and beads what year was that school 68 and a better than includes a teacher's the classroom and the smell of kids right and yes getting bullied 64 getting dragged visit relatives 43 especially well as they you never want to see again my parents 29 oh boy a spanking 16 being abused 13 being treated like an infant 10 my neighborhood eight getting picked last for sports seven mom's cooking seven i really suck they said and i had one thing about me mom's cooking was pretty good until the last me you know till eight or another life like the last 30 years and going hungry for out of 435 last how many years i'm third man okay and i'll let me dig into my pile heavy duty here because the calls are like this week it's just one of those things you know they are what they are right like you know i had some we had some informative stuff there especially after you screwed up the name of the interest center although everybody knew exactly what you were talking about yeah i just wanted to set you an asteroid that's all want to straighten you out without told me now die Thompson writes the rant both time war with the rack long before nine eleven attacks this is fairly long and you know what to bad could know ordinarily his columns are like all at uh... lengthy and pondress this one is though and uh... here's president bush began planning a war with the rack before we took office on january twenty two thousand one and long before the nine eleven terrorist attacks the evidence you see needed to push american intelligence agencies to fabricate evidence that's not a mucing and weapons of mass destruction or part of the summer you're mom would attack america by the way how's the summer we got me at uh... or faked about here before bush new from the get go he wanted to invade a rack was on his mind before the election campaign it's a he was obsessed with getting some we'd be on a campaign playing talking about the mystic issues and he would change the subject and start rattling on about what great evil side of the same was and how he will be election he'd finish what is found a failed to do top of the same says campaign worker jury coffee to work for the administration you before leaving others tell similar stories they terrorist attacks worth the reason bush invaded the rack they provided the excuse we will confront weapons and mass destruction so that a new century is fair new horrors bush said it is an awful address two thousand one and january twenty first bush held his first meeting on the national security council in the white house at that meeting here to the chairman of the joint use of staff drop plans for an invasion of a rack as he said a contingency on favor 16th in press conference of the mexican of mexican president of the sentay fox bush said sottom was saying is got to understand that we expect him to conform to the agreement that he signed after desert storm will enforce the no flies owned both north and south our intention is to make sure that the world is as peaceful as possible and we're going to watch very carefully is to whether or not he develops weapons and has struck and if we catch him doing so we'll take the appropriate action on February 23rd in the press conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair bush said we spent a lot of time talking about our mutual interest in the rack in the Persian Gulf and from our perspective as you know i made the famous statement that our sanctions are like Swiss cheese that means they're not very effective and we're going to work together to figure out a way to make the more effective but i think the Prime Minister and i both recognize that it's going to be important for us to go to consensus in the region to make the sanctions more effective coal and power left today after lunch to move around the Middle East collect us and listen with a policy of strengthening our machine to make it clear to sottom who's saying that he shall have terrorized his neighbors and not develop weapons of mass destruction on May 21st this is 2001 first book is enabled academy in anapolis today literally a third of our naval forces are forward deployed overseas the u.s. constellation carrier battle group and its 10,000 sailors are flying the waters of the Persian Gulf and force him no flies on over southern Iraq another 3800 sailors in rain stand guard nearby with a boxer amphibious ready group deterring any mischiefs out of my contemplate if anything or some have been allowed was a diversion from bush's obsession with who's saying a problem that got in the way a 9 11 is air force monheaded out of Florida bush turned to the chief of staff and group card and said find out how soon we can be ready to go into a rack card told him that preliminary reports quoted towards been laden in Afghanistan forget effing Afghanistan bush's bottom who's saying is behind this i know it we're going into Iraq forget effing Afghanistan did we actually have Afghanistan oh yeah man because they still got the eye popping going over their big tatsur number one industry a.s. who over her bushes out first they card hustle them away and talk to bush for more than 30 minutes in private after that bush talk more about been laden less about who's saying but sadiman erect remained bushes focus kind of like my brother or our focus today our focus focus here's his focus in his 2002 state of the university return about theme he said Iraq continues to flood its hostility toward american to support terror the Iraqi regime is plotted to develop and tracks and nerve gas and nuclear weapons afroberg decade this is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens leaving the bodies of mothers huddled over their dead children this is a regime that agreed to international inspections and kicked out the inspectors this is a regime that has something to hide from the civilized world pentagon sources tell me their time since that bush wanted to invade Iraq first believing in laden was there not Afghanistan but secretary say colon pal convince the president to cover the widespread support of going to Afghanistan and going after bin Laden but bush didn't really care that much about bin Laden that's obvious enough to much of a job in march 2002 bush said he was no longer concerned about bin Laden we haven't heard from him in long time bush said no one has press conference mark 13th 2002 i'm true to not that concerned about alco pican on salmary to by the way is why i said a cry around the room again in bush's mind bin Laden had never been the issue he said the sights on who's seen from day one and nothing not facts not truth i didn't national law which stop him from doing what he trying to do all along invade Iraq and lunch the most divisive warships Vietnam where it's good old the e-tons in the capital hill blue dot com a man well said nobody's listening nobody cares but if you put it about 227 dead americans and people dying like flies there every day it's like a blood bad like lunacy and by the way we're occupying that country just thought i would point that up preoccupied for a very long time i am we're preoccupied and we're gonna spend already over two trillion dollars of your money that's worth it for you but i'm too bad they can't be building infrastructure a lot of the cities and like the levees the levees and warlanes all of these things because for spending most of your tax dollars we're flushing it down the turret and of course putting in the hands of people like haliburd and formerly in rod all the other good buddies the bush cheney and rumsfeld etc by the way don't forget to buy that uh what's the stuff for really Asian the bird flu oh super no no not super the new one oh i'm a flu you better get with it but you know i thought you were supposed to be the drug expert camel flu camel flu only illegal drugs yeah you stick it in your hump and then with a hump it come on get with it by the way camel flu wouldn't be something to turn out the camels had that whatever that is thank you power spuddy and you know where you take them go on a lot of room and pump pump pump yeah of power smoothie came by branch of what right they brought me a like a coffee a a coffee a like an iced coffee and a uh a uh a bowl of mushy beans a bowl of mushy beans and actually are so chuban now okay what about the machine but uh i feel so Mexican that's right actually that's a Mexican thing yes it is i just when you go to taco bell which i like it i just tell them please hold the beans oh yeah or else you will be don't hold them too tight it'll squish right through your hands but holding mushy beans 450s refotes on a full not too shabby it's just come out on 1130 what did you hate most about your childhood getting dragged a church 92 i had a money 84 school 69 i don't know school and i'll have bad at the house oh uh the teacher could make or break the experience for you i said good teachers i had some good let's do it and some bad ones considering a little hick town like candidate when the york had to bread in fact we had a good the high school candidate they were academy sounds like real prestigious doesn't it wasn't but nevertheless and nobody brought any guns or knives to school i know that's way back in the day and we were kicking at ancient style and yaddi aaddi ala other crap you know can't have no fun when i bring in a few weapons to school school 69 getting voting 64 which were all assuming isn't school or like after school or when the playground or anywhere you went getting dragged to a visit well there's 46 what opinion the ass my parents 29 i guess most of you folks have good parents Josh's got good parents yes it does so there's one of it we are you starting to chase her as a Miguel chasing around the building again oh that's start now spanking 16 being abused 15 that stores his wish night once Josh's mom the spanking right on the earth being treated like an infant 10 getting picked last reports all the guys stand around and say you're fairie nine my neighborhood eight mom's cooking seven and going hungry how we only four i guess those little kid never heard about that soup kid this is a meal russia how the dozen moms come this is five sixteen two eight hey it's a rice mass of going clear the channel one two two show no support in our rally for facts America we'll discuss it when i'm wondering your town show show call your local crew channel on the corner and sign up now all space TV will be supplied with our handheld patriotic signs of a and will be invited to enjoy our Texas style cooking water to wild flippin off level descenters the festivity for the kept off with the community for burning vondire all you have to remember is march forward in rock stand and don't bring your eyes hey you bring your eyes being a patriot not a little bit of a book later it's time to film Henry was once one of those so we took him downstairs to the quiet room we're aware that your nice guy was during Henry i was a nice guy myself once yeah or have my share of little views in the past and i found out Mr. Henry that the world is a school of business are you sure there is no need for free thought or create it yeah let me say something for some of his is there is only a need for clear channel general electric caliber and back tell america chibron and show okay for no on Mr. yeah you will make all your forwarded power codes liberal these setbacks okay because Mr. Henry yeah you're a real dummy all right are you sure i'm 33 27 aluminum we got to mold my steer come along more Howard David did did that too mad dog from smoky bones barbecue in for long real for the 630 panther previous 637 clocked up panthers host the same Louis and Sandley blues we ever find out any more about those aerosat tickets no no but i'm sure you know isn't that typical what we're dealing with there well you got it what did he say do you when you call to this morning he said would you be interested in demand right no but the first thing was he said but after that that's right would you be interested in giving away some aerosat tickets and uh you know i hinted right across and you said yes or why not and he's right okay i'll go set it up hello he's a fat man you know how you've seen a move or try to you know i was in say even spied my bad day it would buy me a sense of good mood with a snowy region we've got now and everything like uh small roses at the qa and now you start to bring him back into the mixigan as they say great in the mix it oh boy well mix him out turn him into mushy beans i mean that would feel like a whole set that would feed man hat and oh speaking of a bad stuff this more bad stuff males are not with baseball bats or sticks attack and beat three homeless men senseless early this morning in four waterdale downtown and in the beat side areas police said one of the homeless members listed in critical or life-threatening condition in the area hospital and the other two were listed serious i mean why should softheartedly out there they just had it lynching the other day in kerala and nothing would be fine so why not to try to hand a new little of business the tax occurred between two and four this morning and above two to four young white males channel success the tax occurred near the fau building downtown on lasolas another several blocks west to the brown center for performing arts in the him marshy historical district never heard of it and the third near the church by the sea after 17th street causeway police believe incidents are related oh no police are reported west to relance video of the attack at one year the fau complex go ahead get those guys in like bloated brains out but you're crap beating homeless people so they just yeah this is what we got now that's a violent lunatics and it's probably because it was video games are watching that's right because you think once you price me if judge court has come to one day or nearly mild manner and just starts like bull and everybody's brains on that place i'll give you a list judge that's probably why we had a change management i think he was right on the verge you don't give me that raise right i think like that finally uh so i was in there again this morning didn't they hit him up for that raise it told you already told me what he said but a meat put a boot put about like that we have a new regime and uh it's right it doesn't work for it i'm gonna tell Joe Bell that if we don't get that raised for Josh court is i'm taking a walk right to the refrigerator just five six seven i put in a lot of good words for both of you guys okay make no mistake about that i take care of my people but i will check in that guy forgot but i guess he already had his meeting i think he likes to have better than any of us probably with good reason too he's the one with all of talent no doubt never know to look at him oh come on you come on you can't tell me you i am hello hey Neil yes uh you you guys talking about the new game i was wondering with the new regime are you gonna be able to get your fort so it's back uh i didn't uh bring that up yet let's let's ease in the vicinity before start pushing first off oh man i can't wait i can't wait I'm all blocked up yeah now sounds like yeah yeah that that see that to me is just so sad all these people what you're gonna get your fort sounds back you're gonna go to bed for us on that yeah i'll tell you why all you people out there sit there make your own fort sounds just be careful our hardy squeeze but i mean you know enough of that already i'm more concerned with certain no no seriously i think since we love i mean you realize we're coming up for the second anniversary of that janice and crap which is as a convenient excuse just like nine eleven was convenient excuse to go into i rack the janice and crap at the super bowl two years ago is just a convenient excuse for all these Nazis to come down the word police oh you can't do it there so we're gonna find the eighty trillion dollars and you can't do that but i mean but i will be like that it's just a matter of time before they start to go after the uh the satellite right you know it's just a matter of time and then of course so there already is still thinking about well how we're gonna regulate cable TV they haven't got any business regulating cable TV it doesn't come over the air it comes out of wire into your house that's like regulating what you're sticking your pop up toast or you know just wait man that could be next only white bread buddy yeah and then like you like if you have a chicken breast in there like you're chicken wings or only gonna be able to eat the red day right wings from the chicken not the left wing and no dark meat no that's for the answer and no females no whatever those are hands now hold hands it's just really prophetic and like i said the public is obsessed with crap and that's so what they've done very very well they just keep people busy with garbage and trying to stay alive and oh here's uh here's your vibrer uh oh just gonna be on the night and here's uh America's uh most pathetic idol and all the other garbage swill and that's what America's all about now is swill that should have been Dan's last line you know oh we're fine oh we're swill 5 6 7 0 5 6 the I don't know why I keep giving those numbers out I got some very I do a huge pile and I gotta get to everyone and then take us to least midnight you know what good I don't know where all this stuff came from and just one of those days I don't know where so newsy though you know how come you guys are so newsy come in a QYN hello hey Niyah you know it all right Tally listen it's a great day today because it's saluting the captain mock medsie a great it's okay good I'm real happy you heard come in a QYN hello hey Niyah once for your poll yes damn black i gotta get there you want to make a solution to die well how about you redulton you know you learn to use it for your advantage okay I guess we could put that on there what he hated growing off his a black person don't you understand I think I can relate to that isn't he still he just got he just got to same you didn't hear any so you're using it you're advantage he's probably got something high page job that he used because he's you know I'm sure he's still using it so is it totally unqualified but he muscled his way in there and said hey you either hire me I'm gonna sue you right so okay whatever you saw people don't really do that to me if I've got some Popeyes chicken coming free for lunch every day too he learned to manipulate the assistant nice gone pali were with you so as you're not too dark so it's real dark guys I get real nervous about you know like I'm trying to think all those city patchy is very black he had real real dark like what would you call that kind of black uh local latte no no sure no no get out of here city patchy a no he's uh like like hell he's a very you're right what's the night how about emony and I've got right there you go how he very can be the ivory or Malcolm can be the oh she made it she wants to be there you go well there's that movie and what was that movie where she was like doing all the stuff monsters ball monsters ball I was it was and what did I decide about that movie the ending was too abrupt see you only liked it because she was doing even though you protested about how gratuitous it was a abrupt but never yes it was I just it's I'm sorry it was just it was ludicrous I mean first of all she was done with the insadas but now all of a sudden she sit back and approaching at chair and she's thinking oh he's all I got and that's the great that I got something and something a little something something that's it yeah a place to live and from what I hear that's what he didn't have a little something something this is real russia but it's a little space five sixteen two eight I don't have an international garden because they're all fighting a war in a racquet not the national guard not the national guard not the national guard not the national guard not when she took the state under we as he thought that I might buy and I couldn't look the way I say no matter how I try it was like she had to watermelon's underneath their dress set she looked like the combination of mistaken and may wear a certain whole lot right you must tell us please when you let those puppies go do they wind up throw around your knees I'll never forget the time it was 11 35 that's a very moment I realized that her boots were alive they were often they were jumping they were big and two get loose and if the only thing bigger on her was her cub boosters oh my right at least you hit the scars which is easy to do when you got to as big as cars it was like I could touch them because I was watching in HD if it's like the months off of each other there as tall as me it's a good thing they did not keep you on stage for very long otherwise I think we have a brand new girlfriend for King Kong all right all your bramas need a break I bet you would not get hurt if you stepped on a guard who rates us all right all what else can we say you could make the broke back mouth why is it 10 48 it's 11 48 already see a and I remember the line in the access when father Miran is talking about the curious about Reagan and about the spirits inside of her the demon and father Rekaris is trying to tell she suffers from multiple and father Miran says there is only one right over there yeah let's assume that Miran carries breasts there was only one i'll have to go on solamente uno when we're in the arrest in the lower chest anyway and Luis still ain't interested honey okay that's enough of that i wanted Josh think of the extra sister it's just fun it's funny who doesn't like the extra sister it's funny yeah it's it's uh really sure in retrospect i see i used to like scare me i mean come on yeah i still told you seen it back in the day in the theater there was kids coming out of a pub in her dad's uh i don't believe any of the people i don't care whether you believe it or not why would i make that up it was in front of the hotel it was uh just part of the height machine surrounding yeah okay whatever you say it's on the right company people coming out of that movie theater pub in her got maybe you know lucky see monkey do like the violin video games well you know you can emulate that green slime that peace hoop that uh little blur kept you can up that'll make you cute maybe that's what it was i never really thought about his being funny i thought it was just how it was panic tremendous in the right man of the catheter fit it around they had a great amount about that any movie that's in the document of any religion is just right up my alley Sally just like a movie with uh mad demon and uh been uh flock what was that movie named dogma that was with uh i don't think i said that is ever the way i wanted to i put an elin there but i think i said dogma that's a one what why i just listen you know the ways and things are these days i just got through talking about that i don't know anything it was what was the date for more is six two years ago these stupid bull that's not important but we're kind of coming up to two big universities mine on March first but before that in February probably right around poorem time it's a mixture of humiliation for janice action and just intica bell and then chewed them both boy what what they did to everybody man with a different in the speech inadvertently of course right a couple of smart asses did you know damn well but mtv was up to the in and not up to their earlobes right oh yeah there any doubt about that then no forget the ongoing privacy debate over u.s. government spying on telephone conversations soon you may not have the right to tell cops to wait until you open your door now they used to do a jackwap open up its police you know you see that every movie better arm up while you can that's right in case involving a private citizen and police authorities of the midwestern state of Michigan what is it saying what is this midwestern state of Michigan a team of civil rights lawyers appeared before the supreme court this week to challenge the police practice of storming in a homes to look for whatever they want is evidence of a crime the case was brought before the court last year by booker Hudson a resident of the Detroit Hudson says he was arrested by several police officers after they broken with someone at any warning Hudson was found guilty of possession of a small quantity of cocaine found in the pocket of his trousers which led him to serve 18 months of probation and sentenced by judge of the local court and a little bit of blow that's it was that no well bush that was hers cranky yes she is Hudson challenged the verdict in took his case all the way to Michigan state supreme court arguing that the evidence used against him by the police was found in violation of his constitutional rights the court high ever rejected his plea last year anyway. Hudson's lawyers argue that police had no right to enter his home without knocking at the door and announcing their presence which is a requirement of the fourth amendment of the west constitution why have I said to crappy piece of paper that constitution that's what bush says it is undisputed that the police violated the fourth amendment by barging in the Hudson songs as David Moran a law professor at Wayne State University would appear before the Supreme Court Monday on Hudson's behalf. The fourth amendment states that the right of the people to be secure in their persons houses papers and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated it also notes that warns you only be issued once the thirties have established probable cause and described the people places and things to be searched and seized or things in the 1995 Supreme Court of opinion just as parents token Thomas even an auntie like him stressed that's an not an answer rule that Hudson's case rested upon protects the dignity of residents by allowing them a reasonable time to make themselves presentable before the police enter how about sitting around in their underwear and their bylaws shorts let me cover it up for Christ's say yeah for crying out loud the rule also protects private property by allowing residents to open doors rather than having them destroyed by police vattering ran Thomas said according to the ACAU who followed the weakest brief in the case last September Hudson wants to separate court to reverse the Michigan's court ruling which embraced the argument that had the search been conducted legally the evidence against them would have been found anyway under this reasoning Hudson's lawyer say police would have no incentive to avoid unconstitutional shortcuts I feel we need a warrant or simply barging into homes when looking for evidence ran in other worries representing Hudson's state or hopeful that the Supreme Court will decide the case in their favor by ordering the suppression evidence against their client I could just imagine the average truck out there sitting around at home or whatever they're doing in a privacy of their home and all of a sudden somebody barges in that case in Jojou it was though how free of wear and joy or was it, Lanna with us two years ago guys name was hardwick who's sorry but that was his name and they just barged in there and they found the two guys that do their thing oh wow you uh yeah very sad that's America for you I wonder what Jojou will need all things about that of course he doesn't believe in a constitutional rights right especially for women in minorities he just don't kind of those kind of people like to try again oh good I only wish what I want to idiot you don't misdrag it's about time you grew up okay and silly person you like he probably cries during soap operas to misdrag oh oh she 526 votes on the poor it's not too bad we got a shot at 600 a day what did you hate most about your childhood getting granted church 103 let me say it again I know that most of you don't want to hear this but I'm going to say it to you anyway we allowed and queer or the sun is shining it's going to be 46 here today can you believe that that was no six seconds global warming it's only the 11th of January let me take a look and see what our temperatures are ready so many 41 I'm going to be really late I'm going to be important I had a new story last night about all these disappearing species of uh and these and frogs I put that on the I just sent that to a jashiner about that with a picture of a frog but there is no just kidding from long for y'all anyway what I want you to do is take a look at that story about at least a hundred probably gonna line up a lot more than that they always start with a lowball number that turns I always like 500 ragheads got killed in that stampede over there they're all schlepping to the hodge and they're all like you know throwing a stone at the establishment again get rid of the devil why they just call up father Miran for Christ they see him too much these days and that's right he's still there you know like P.Soup on his eyeglasses remember that oh yeah he used that smutter to uh wipe the glasses off that was anyway remember that scene because in the bathroom he takes off those old fashion glasses and he takes that rag that smutter like a shawl he's got around his neck wasn't that it's just no that was his tallest okay when he had all the evases covered and he's wiping off the Shmoots the green slime from his glasses anyway getting dragged a church 104 take a look at that hodge thing I started to say before I interrupted myself and then think about your all these other religions okay it's all crap It's insanity it's madness it's ritual and that's why that's a that's appropriate that's number one on there Because that's which your parents do the a brain wash you they they talk about cults well guess what folks Is a worse or how about more effective when you got that person air every single day 24 seven just about When they're too young to realize they were lying to your teeth and brain washing with a god and Moses and Abraham and Jesus and Joseph Smithville crap and Alie and all these things how's that Alie kiddo with arms in their lives? Oh lucky y'all Lucky y'all yeah get lucky your all the time I'm getting dragged a church 104 take your parents just say no to your parents go to go uh do your own crap you silly get skis Not having money 99 school 82 getting bullied 74 getting dragged of his a relative 51 I parents look how many it's got Spanning 21 being abused 18 getting picked last for 16 being treated like an infant 15 like a little child First of all you get to be about 25 there kids annoying moms cooking eight my neighborhood eight and going hungry seven No Do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do do it boy do it do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy do it boy go it boy do it boy do it boy film film film film film film video, how to do it Come on, two and five, six, you're never in a QA. Am I seeing Norma? I can't respond to my email about the fact we got to do dinner in the general land. And you're just leaving Joe alone. OK, he's got a lot of stuff on his plate, Norma. Just leave him alone. And nope, you're hotkin' him about baseball and cramp. And all the Norma probably can play for the marlins just coming season when you think Josh? Well, I'm close. And when we can just be the ballboy. All in one, and I just get you to tell you about the hodge, the stampede. Listen me. Listen with on your filthy thoughts. OK, you're just so-so-day. I'm perverted. Huh? Just take 10 seconds after we're perverted. Phil, the life. I'm listening to me now. No, I'm trying to. Hodge stampede kills hundreds. What did I just get through telling you about the low ball numbers? Speaking right now. They started out with 50 this morning, 50. And then they moved it up to at least 100. Now, and this just came over seconds ago, moments ago, at least 245 people. Wow. And kill in the stampede during a symbolic stoning ritual at the annual Hodge pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia, according to the country's health ministry. There's stone over there, man. You gotta be doing this grant. And this is over some luggage that fellow were something. And 289 others were injured in the stampede and taken a hospital. Many of those injured run seriously heard, but they're also some requiring treatment in the adiadiani. Many of those have seen showed dozens of bodies lying on the ground. Covered with sheets and blankets. A US, well, we already read that. Let's see. ambulances, screaming, but a beep, but a beep. A body's taken away and refrigerator trucks. And let me read this one more time for those who have been able to do people out there to reflect on the stupidity of organized and any kind of religion. All this ass-in-ine garbage. It's pathetic is what it is. As a matter of fact, it's times the right of the next story about early man was hunted by birds. The stampede, like others in the past, happened during the stone throwing ritual, which the pilgrim's stoning symbolic devil. Oh, my God. I heard it was a Scott Neetermar. He didn't even play there anymore. Maybe that's why, maybe it was Alexander McIllene. That's why they dropped him. He was stoned. You didn't have any idea what I'm talking about to. No, good. And he did his drives there, Mr. Hockey fan. You got to be at the game tonight, given out stuff? No, I won't be. Well, why not? It's the sand Lewis Blues, baby. Yeah, no. I'm not doing that anymore. Why not? Hang on. What is that mean? In other words, they're on to your scam. And then I'll let you put those hours on your time sheet. Is that what it is? No. Well, then you just chose not to do it? Yeah, pretty much. Well, why not? We need your help, man. We need some support out there. We need some enthusiasm. We love the panthers. They're gone away and come on. Let's go and pour Stevie. Why is he's got to have like a research. We may miss the rest of the season. His wrist is a little tango there. I don't want to say limp. And I guess what's the thing when you recuperating. Come on up here. I'll nurse you back now. No, no problem. I got a perfect spot for you. Anyway, getting back to that other story. A South African anthropologist said that he has researched in the death nearly 2 million years ago. The first thing he did was he was a man. Show his human ancestors were hunted by birds. Oh, no. Let's see what goes around comes around. About that. And after a hitchcock, he would have all of them in to be having. That's right. The birds were hunting man. Maybe that's why they were doing that in that movie. Or maybe just because it was a scary. Although when you look at the special effects in retrospect, he needs a little help. These types of discoveries give us real insight into the past lives of the human ancestors. And I was saying in too many years ago, and of course the believers of religion is the Jewish Christian types. They all test them and says the dark created. And of course, it's the Jewish year, what is it? Like the calendar was 6,000 years ago or less, whatever. Cock'ming me crammed their headling. 6,000 years my ass. That's what I heard. And of course, if it was only 6,000 years ago, that would like to see that. That makes the theory of evolution very difficult to believe because in such a period of time, talking about all those primitive things. You've already followed it in whatever we got today. You know? Well, they didn't. No, it was millions and billions of years. Oh, no. You're wrong. You just made that up of you. Comey, Pinto, atheist, you. These types of discoveries give us real insight into the past lives of the human ancestors. The world they lived in and things they feared. Lee Berger, a paleo anthropologist at Johannesburg University of Wittwater, Strand. Said as he presented his conclusions about a mystery that's been debated since the remains of possibly human ancestors. Which is known as the Tongchau, where discovered 1924, even back then, the Wring Tonggs, to cover up their thoughts. The Tongchau discovered led to the search for the human origins in Africa instead of an Asia or Europe is once theorized. Researchers regard the fossil of the Edman or Oscar Australopethiconicisticisticisticist. Australopethicists, right, africanists, as evidence of the missing link in human evolution. Researchers inspected the Tongchau was killed by a leoparder Saber Tooth Feline. But 10 years ago, Berger and the fellow researcher Ron Clark submitted the theory that the hunter was a large predatory bird, based on the fact that most other of the other fossils found at the same site were small monkeys that showed signs of having been killed by a predatory bird. Oh, the bird is the word, baby. Make no mistake. And now we got the bird flu coming back, right? See? Uh-oh. Sounds like a movie. The bird flu is ruining our dinner. It's nothing to read a chicken or turkey. All the birds should feed that by winter. Now it tells a simple gun for tea. All right. And over yet, if you got a pet chicken, no kissing. Just pull it. Berger and Clark, in all of its a pull-up, get rid of it. Berger and Clark had until now been unable to show damage on the child's skull that could have been done by a bird flu. Berger and Clark had until now been unable to show damage on the child's skull that could have been done by a bird five months ago, Berger and Ohio State University studied the hunting abilities of modern eagles in West Africa, believed similar to predatory birds of the Tongue Trial's era. The Ohio State study of termine that eagles would swoop down, pierce monkey skulls with their thumb-like back talons, then hover while they're preyed died before returning to territory skull. And mind your mind, sure. Examination of thousands of monkey remains produced to pet her damage done by birds, including the dragon cuts in the shallow bone behind the eye sockets. Oh, Jews. Berger went back to the Tongue skull and found traces of the dragon cuts behind the eye sockets. He said none of the researchers went for decades of debating how the child died had noticed the eye sockets damaged before. Berger, in the hood, man's ancestors, had a survived not just being hunted from the ground, but from the air. Such discoveries are key to understanding why we humans today view the world away we do. He said, Berger's research has been reviewed by others and is due to a peer-and-pepper addition of one of your very favorites, the Merkin Journal of Physical Anthropology. I'm sure you read that religious life. Oops, just the Florida, I knew where the hides. The stones are some of these days. Or just to go get stone. Judges the man's police video of Grandma's protest. More American lodgings. You've heard of hijinks and America's lodgings. Remember, jinx falcon bird? Of course I'll be right there. A judge or to the man's head. And he had just like Pat Riley with that three-peat crab. Hey, Pat, who are you, kid, man? And what, you know, can you imagine how much you think Reagan had a lot of palm-made or whatever that crap is in his hair? What did he do? Is that what Dark Folk's used palm-made? What is that stuff that he used to put in here? Robotrolium jelly, huh? I've got protein. No, no, a long time ago. Here he would run. What is it? Are we talking about the black people? Yeah, palm-made? Well, whatever. I thought it was a royal petroleum jelly. He can, in fact, John R. I'm W.L.A.C. and Nashville. John Richmond. Bro, what is his name was? Yeah, get out of here. He'll be right up here, though. A judge or to the man's head and district attorney yesterday had turned over a video tape of 18 women accused of blocking the doorway of the armed forces of recruiting station Times Square. You'll see the picture of these grandma's on their canes. They were the ones she's got two canes, two big walking sticks. Yeah. Their lawyer, Norman Seagull, told the judge that the video tape was made by the police October 17, while the women were sitting on the sidewalk and from the building to protest or in Iraq. They women at the time handed out flyers called themselves anti-war grandmothers. The grandmothers, 16 of the many way plus a doctor is known from a 17th asking that she be excused because of a hip replacement, a period yesterday in state Supreme Court in Lower Manhattan, armed with symbolic silver handcuffs. Their truck costs however were confiscated by court officers, they passed your metal detectors. You're not supposed to have handcuffs. A court officer patiently explained to Vinnie Harris and one of the women. That's a trace name is Harris and said it's such a small thing, but it's symptomatic of what's happening in this country and that madman in the White House and Halle Burton and the Jefferson, April off and delay all of these. All of these. In the fourth law courtroom, the clerk called the women to the railing one by one. Court were murdered as marable to the side of the 16 women, some carrying canes and pushing walkers, stretching all across the room. Many were photos of the grandchild around chains around their neck on chains. Some lawyers complained that the group had taken along about 50 supporters making it hard to get a seat. And dressing justice, Alexander John, Mr. Seagull said he had been in a total of the video tapes show that at least one person been able to walk past the women in the recruitment center. This was proof he said they were not blocking the doorway and that disorderly contract charges against him should be dismissed. At first, the prosecutor, Karen Kory, said there was no video tape, on Mr. Seagull pressed Mr. Ms. Corey corrected herself, saying she had misread her notes. But she said her office was having trouble accessing the video tape. Let's go to the video tape. How's Warner Wolfram? And he's got it. Justice John asked you to make the video tape available as soon as possible and said a court date of March 2. Mr. Seagull said the video tape might have been made by applying closed-run to cover officers because he didn't recall seeing any uniform officers video tape in the scene. Police surveillance of political demonstrations become a controversial topic recently. The police department has been criticized for using officers disguised as protesters to infiltrate demonstrations like those cookie-baking administrators in San Diego that you saw in 3rd and high 9-11. Oh boy, they look real dangerous to me, huh? But the subversive cookie people. They're stressed that people at Pumpernix and Wolfies have dangerous day-worm and put them right out of Venice. Well, they had like a damn you, that's it. So anyway, Josh has eaten these days at the Ranskow House. What does that tell you about his income? Better get in that way, if he's got to go to the Ranskow House. That's right, not cheap over there either. Not for a slipper like you. This is me who Roger that's my bad. Mark that went down. That's all right, you're back. Mark it for the new year. Well, it's because that log human so late and I didn't put my yellow street through all the spots. And I don't put a yellow street through it. You know, it's black dome. Not to say, I don't tell that. Would lightning quiz? Man, what's up with your photography card? The mission pull-up. Music Who smells it? Yeah, I don't wait for my time. Who would get that old girl that's got this old guy? I've made thousands of worrieds made out so far. No one's coming from my back. I just need you my phone. My ass is spreading too. Listen to my phone. Recto. The streets better my food. You don't love what you're telling. But it's too late. Listen to my phone. And it was. And everything. Now we'll say this back in the day. There are a lot of open spots, openings. And we're going to drop virtually all of me on. But that's all for 100 of our far-side. Are they for? But then what happened? No, I don't know. Nothing. 580 votes on a pool. I'm really bitterly disappointed. I hope we get to like 5,000 today. On this one. I mean, didn't everybody have a childhood? Well, wait a minute. We left off the most obvious one. If we did the pool, we have been able to have people at a good childhood. How about nothing? Right? How about nothing? My childhood was great. But we are doing the, I hate this pool business anymore. We can do that also. To generate a little bit more response from that crowd. After all, it's Thursday. Not to, as I see, dividends. But, you know, why should this day be in a different way? How about those crazy religious soberer? And then Muslim guys went and schmuck us on. Look at them. Just remember, it's not what you believe. But they're not going to, more or less use over there. Rocking and back and forth. They're wailing. They're dovening. But we have to put them up. You're going to do it. Why? They're driving and dying. Dovening. You better start learning. You're a juist of Mr. Fizyu. You sure got a little learn. I know more than half the Jews I know. Well, I'm sure that. Especially after you wrap them. Sitzes around your neck. That's right. The good part about that is you can do that. And they're getting right with the Lord and take your blood pressure at the same time. Oh, yeah. Fantastic. What a combo. You could do the box could just have a little readout meter on. Yeah, there you go. The only problem is like on a real box. And that pressure kind of releases after one. I've with those. Sitzes though. I remember your face was turning kind of purple at that point. You know, the more it hurts the closer to having you get. They must be the pain was so great. Anyway, don't let me forget to play that guiding she-I. Okay. How does tickets come in by the way from your fat disgusting old crap friend? As long as the concert dates tomorrow, we're doing alright. How much now is you having heard in one more word? No, no, no. That is so typical, man. Just just 600 pounds of crap. It's too early to start worried about it. Oh, listen, I'm not the least of a word. I'm sure that people in the audience are thinking, if we take it to our arse myth, that sounds really great. So we probably shouldn't have even mentioned it, especially considering the source. But we'll see. We'll see tomorrow if anything, I'm going to tell you about it. Let's still get back to you. Why not? Right now, if I do that. What do you mean still? You're factual about your stuff game through here already. What do you mean still? Well, it's it's spotty. Well, there's something with your network on that end. Oh, no, no, no. I'm so glad I didn't spend more time. My conversation with Joe Bell about engineering because he's got the same engineers at Kiss. So I'm sure he's out of them. I mean, you know, you don't want to start belly aching too much, you know? I kept it mostly with a sales department. And then I was asked, you know, about certain other things. I'm not going to get involved. Whatever case to raster I'm not offering any opinions. And I'm not getting involved with anybody else's. I'm not one of those people who runs around trying to get people fired. Did it or interfering with other people's lives. If it catch fine good. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. As opposed to certain people, that's what they live for. The US Army has displayed damaging cultural incidents and sensitivity in a rack-loving blinded by unrealistic optimism and predisposed to use maximum force. A senior British officer wrote an ablistering appraisal in the US military publication. The essay by British Army Brigadier Nigel Alwin Foster, who served with, I'm under his kind of bananas foster or foster Brooks, who served with US forces in a rack from December 2003 to November of 2004, appeared in the latest edition of the magazine military review published by the US Army. All of them fostered St. Louis Army personnel struggle to grasp the nuances of battling incertions while also winning the hearts and minds of ordinary Iraqis. Moreover, whilst they were almost whilst for a great British word, whilst they were almost unfailingly courageous and considerate at times their cultural and sensitivity almost certainly inadvertently amounted to institutional racism he wrote, arguing that the Army exacerbated the task in our faces by alienating significant parts of Iraqi population. In our response minutes to Pentagon, Paul Boy said, we may not agree with it, but if the Army, while the Army does want to present candid views, all what it thoughts about a concept that is. The US Army encourages alternate and diverse opinions so we may find out more about our effectiveness lessons learned how to adapt in the future, boys said on Wednesday, we invited this particular commentary and published in our magazine. Britain has been the chief US ally, but a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a, we know that other criticism also accused the US of military of a lack of understanding of Iraq and Islamic culture. The military concedes that the vast majority of US troops don't know Arabic and has launched an effort costing $750 million over five years to improve foreign language skills in the money. Remember all those linguistic experts they have tossed out because they were, remember that? Oh yeah, well we can't have them in there. Well they might not translate, you know they got the power to. Ellen Foster, whose ranking quits to one-star US General refer to US Army officers damaging optimism that seemed out of touch with a more sobering reality. Self-fulfacy and wisdom optimism are recognized as necessities for successful command and all professional forces strive for a strong can do ethos. However, it is unhelpful if a discourages union commander from reporting unwelcome news up to the chain of command he wrote. For a forced commanders in political mass should need to know the true state of affairs if they're at a reach time with a decision to change plans arguably they didn't always do so he said. He said US forces in Iraq are more disposed to use offensive military operations than the forces of coalition partners and US rules of engagement were more lenient than organizations less encouraging early escalation. He said the army sends a patriotism as town seemed way down by bureaucracy a staggering a hierarchal outlook a previous vision to offensive operations in a sense that duty required all issues to be confronted hit off. Where was it? We're pretty offensive. Right right speaking of offensive. They were public in party of floor to gave a hundred and fifty thousand dollars to the group that wants to put a constitutional men in banning same-says marriage on the November ballot new campaign finance record show. All that's here for the Republicans in Florida including Charlie Christ. Chris. Now see Republican or Democrat Charlie Christ. Well, I don't know. But you better look it up. He's running for your governor. The part end of Mark Follard as a good old Republican. Gay in Palm Beach County come out. Come out wherever you are Mark you're not Kim anybody okay you you self-hating effect. I've never seen Mark Follard misdredged together they're probably doing it right now lately. The party's donation more than three quarters of the total at the groups sponsoring the amendment Florida for marriage. Doug work is ready so far comes as the port of our struggling to meet a state imposed deadline for gathering signatures. Backers must collect six hundred eleven thousand plus signatures have been certified by local elections offices by February 1st. Florida for marriage.org official stated gathered roughly 250 thousand so far for their proposal which would also prepare but civil unions that offer the same benefits as marriage. Now there was there not satisfied just banning gay marriage also civil unions in other words probably gay people shouldn't be allowed to live at all and based on their thinking. The short of the time to finish also comes a weekend and you look up Charlie Christ on his home page and it doesn't just lead right out. I you know I forget I forget which party I know probably the party goes to a lot gay that one. Maybe it's a bandhouses. Where do they contribution also comes a week after host of Republican leaders including the state party chairwoman in both of the GOP's leading candidates for governor endorsed the measure. Ah here we go now we're getting close it's certain a smell. Having a proposal to ban same states marriage on a ballot could help Republican party by rallying religious conservatives to the polls and year one for the audience will elect. Fan ask Governor Bush's successor a school student for the Republican party said political considerations played no role in the GOP's contribution. Right the party made the nation so that because we support the issues that can be lenders in these folks woman. Still see acknowledges happens to be beneficial to have initiatives on a ballot that Republicans feel strongly about by hating minorities of all stripes. Just ask a general legal he'll tell you John Stemberberg with the chairman of the groups fostering the amendments said the money has been largely spent on mayors learning supporters of the impending deadline and distributing petitions. Oh boy. All I see they need to say 11,000 signatures they got 250 and it's already the 12th of January. I had a lot of thanks for you. No. Go look through promising to me. Here's a piece of news for George. All I saw I have to wait to have to break about the anchor. So what they're going to give me my money and my children are going to come and cure your chanker. I mean, it is $1,000 a cost of it. It has met a surgery and take that big chanker right off the floor. 27 pass new in at 560 WQN to beast is on balance for life again. He says the food is better than ever. It's a piece of cake without the cake. And you know, most diets fail because you're starving all day long. You don't get enough of the foods you like and you feel like deprived and be prey. Well balance for life or because there's so much food in that sack they bring right to your door be day. Tons and tons of food, tree gourmet meals and two delicious nights to keep you loaded with food and the way just pours off your ass. And they deliver that sack every morning right here doorstep at your home your office and like I said he lose weight like crazy. Forget about joining with Jim because you never go to go anyway. And if you do go, are you going to be doing a snacking on carrot sticks and rice cakes and starving all day? Do the thing that really works for you. Which the beast, we're going to get a weekly update on the number. We will be. We will be. He's doing it. So get on the zone with balance for life. It's based on Dr. Barry's here's zone died and they need to all the figuring for you. You don't have to con calories or grams of carbs or anything because they do all that figuring for you. Call balance for life right now and this you make your new years resolution lose that disgusting unhealthy weight. A reality called 1.866. 225.4543. That's 1.866. 2254543. Or check them out on the web at balance for life.com. And don't wait. Call balance for life. Now mention your Rogers or QM. Get yourself two free days of food this week. 1.866. 22545. 43. This is meal rosary. This is 5.62. And so does the. Like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me. I've seen father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. A threat to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed of my family. No, I'm your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promised you would still love me. Of course my stupid child. A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am. I am. Right then. I am. Oh, I see. Did you do that on me father? Of course I do. But since you are pregnant and not married. Yes father. I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square. And with the help of my friends and neighbors, I've told you today. My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Because you can't begin to understand. But you are only the grounded. No, not the grounded. I must have been stolen. If the first year comes, the focus is on a fundamentalist and it always comes in. I speak with you, my esteemed husband. I will use you to my wife. Oh, I have something to tell you. I am listening. I am having an affair. Oh, I am the last one. Are you going? Out to the backyard to collect some store. Oh, you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Where are you? Of course, be stoned today. You will be an entrepreneur. And if you follow the lines of the internet, I will have to leave you. They deal with them any problem. You said that's right. Who may I speak with you, my esteemed father? I'm sorry. You said that. You said that. The last night, you using legal drugs. Well, what do you know? You are a one lucky boy. Oh, why is that, father? You are going to get stoned two nights in a row. You are the last one. I'm not a guy. I didn't see it. The guiding tree. I just shot on location and back there. I thought there were a bunch of stampeders over there. Probably you're fairly in at the Bearback Mountain movie one time too many. Six hundred and fourteen votes. What did you hit most about your childhood? Getting dragged at church one, sixteen. Getting us stamped at getting right over at the college probably big. Not having money, one, zero seven. School 91. Getting bullied 90. Getting dragged at visit relative 55. My parents 36. Being abused 23. Spanking 23. Getting picked last reports 21. You understand there, you know, they're picking up sides and they're either in the stand and they're in the stand and they're in stupid gym shorts on and like, you're kind of like, you're kind of like trying to feed into the woodwork. You know, so don't make it seem that you're doing it. They could swimming you say you old people had to do it. Right. That's correct. Good God. What kind of a pedophile fantasy was that? I don't know. But now that I think about it, I wish I'd have been a little more observing. Yeah. I'm a serious gym class. We had a swim. And I don't want to tell you about the smell of that pool. I must have 40 gallons of chlorine in it. It'll pull still them to help. But anyway. Spanking 23. Getting picked last reports 21. Being treated like an infant 16. Monus cooking 10. My neighborhood 10. The old hood. My childhood was great. Seven. See there you go. You're going hungry. Seven. And I hate this pool's already got to. At a six 14. Seems like to give everybody a place to go. On these pools. We got a place for you to go. When I get back to the tanker since you went all those problems with your trees. I didn't have any problems with the state. Well, like I said, and they weren't infected. Florida agricultural officials put a stop yesterday to one of the most controversial icebergs of its citrus tanker eradication program. The cutting of healthy trees. That's much better. What? Those were more. After a federal scientist determined it's impossible to wipe out the disease in the state. Well, you tell me you want them back. And the money that it constitutes my yard. There you go. And tell them why they're right at fixed the hurricane damage too. Please. The hurricanes that pumbled to stay in the past two years. They simply spread the airborne tanker too far and too wide to be contained. Federalists say the official say. While infected trees will continue to be cut down and grows in backyards, those within a 19-in-a-referred radius no longer will be fell. But homeowners are lost to these still can't be timed because quarantine rules banning new surface losses are a full domain in place. I'm going to tell you something right now. Instead of worrying about citrus, chanker and canker and all of this stuff. What they should have done a long time ago was banished and dangerous malalukas, baby. I just want a pucal when I see a malalukum. Turn your right now. Oh, God. Remember what I moved into my house? I had nine malalukas now. I hit them all and removed. I cut them in seven legs but I hit them pulled right out of the ground. All that bark just falls right off of that stuff. And it releases all those toxins in here. High allergy, a situation in Malalukas. Most people are allergic to the crap that it's spews in the air. And people think they got a cold or a sore throat or this all of these... All of these things. And come to find out it's bad allergies, man. Florida is just a hotbed for allergies. Oh, no. A worker trapped in a trench collapsed in Greenberg, New York. See this is the trapped worker dojoor. We have the plain emergency dojoor. And now we got the collapsed construction site in Greenberg. I have no idea where that is. Greenberg, New York. Give it to her. I never heard of it. And where Greensboro, Pennsylvania. And where Platsburg is. But Greensberg. Wow. So here's the elatist coal miner or a story dojoor. How's that chicken a robo-doin, by the way? Mmm. Sounds good. Shark food? Yes. Now here's a story I threatened to do yesterday speaking of food. And I know most of you are wondering about this. That's why I'm saving her for right now. You'm nearly your lunch. You can either listen and pay attention. And New York Times had that big, big series of articles about diabetes. Now if I didn't have diabetes, what they would I know about it. And it's firstly the bad behavior. I'm always talking about having eaten it all that stuff. Not lately. Not since blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I said I put the scare of something in the jail guy. Right. After I found out about his diabetes and his related stories, direct Jackson in the Boston Globes is a good writer. Diabetes in the trash food industry. He writes. Type two diabetes is sweeping so rapidly through America. We need not waste time giving children bicycles. Just roll them a wheelchair. There you go. Everybody go to the school for a lot of the flights that are full with wheelchairs. It'll be all the flights. Forget the basketballs and baseballs. Give them braille flashcards. The next thing you know iPods, Game Boys and Xbox, will come with glucose meters. Beeping. Sorry to interrupt your song and movie, but we'll continue to use me. Well, I'm going to tell you, I don't want to like pick on the hump or bounce. I'm going to say it anyway. Anybody who's diabetic in fat and got all of these blood pressure. And just gigantic amounts of tub all around them. And it doesn't take their blood sugar every day at least two, three, four times. It's got a dead wish. Don't you think? What an embarrassment. Exactly. And I'm not just gave up on it a long time ago. We're having that thing for Skipper Chuck on Monday and he's going to be there. Now the guy that called me yesterday, maybe you want to call the hump or the celebrity funeral guy. Right. So, everybody funeral guy. When you go to funeral, they give you those little cards. They do? Yeah. I don't know that. I don't go to funeral. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. But I'll work on it for the big trading cards out of those things. One of the saddest emerging facts about tattoo that, BDS is how it's robbing children of their childhood. It's one of those way to dropping the overall life expectancy of Americans. This grim world of amputation blinds this heart disease and kidney failure. It was assumed to be confined to those with wrinkles. And he said, as he said in the tender world, we've created this month by allowing trash food marketers to prey on our children, letting our children disappear in a video screen. The number of Americans would type to diabetes. The kind of can be controlled by exercise and eating right has exploded. From 5.8 million to 18.2 million today, quite a dissentous for disease control prevention. I'm going to do the break because I don't want to worst do this. It's not all that long. But it's, you know, you're better listen now. I'm telling you right now, man. Just stop and think about not being able to eat like all your favorite foods like spaghetti. All those continents and pizza. Oh, baby! It's natural. And mashed taters. All those carbohydrates things that you just love. That's one more, and ice cream. The mushy beans. And mushy beans and candy. And carrot cake. Yeah. And pies. Mother, huffer pies. All that fantastic stuff. All that stuff for taste good. But then it's fostered you it. All was delicious. These desserts. Anyway, I want to get back. You know, it's not that long. And some people say, oh, that's so boring. You know, electric, or a fat tub like you. Well, I'm doing the best I can. I'm an imperfect fat slob in an imperfect world. You know what I'm saying? I'm just going to fart sounds while you read the story. Okay. Keep reading board. Twenty-two one. Yeah. What are those fart sounds coming back new? See, I'm going to tell you something. If you can't do a radio show without those crutches, without those things. That doesn't say very much about your talent. It says you're very narrow and very limited. But if you can't continue doing a show no matter how much of the stuff they take, away, and you're still maintaining audience and keep something interesting going on, that says maybe you got a little something something. You know what I'm saying? So, not that I'm taking any shots, but nevertheless, you figured out. Here we go, bird. It's a hippo-pomabos. Oh, come on. If you can't back or play a Swiss, what would Jesus do? Tell Chris, if you can't say his I'm a... That's him. If you can't play a backwards Swiss, what would Jesus do? We move that bumpers, they present a free. In Jesus' eyes. Black film, if we can't back or graced, with what would Jesus do? Find a paraphernal, their bumpers, they present a free. In Jesus' eyes. Black film, if we can't back or graced, with what would Jesus do? So, we will rightly find a paraphernal, their bumpers, they present a free. In Jesus' eyes. Black film, if we can't back or graced, with what would Jesus do? So, we'll find a paraphernal, their bumpers, they present a free. So, we'll... Trump, 47, 13 till a one-spicking of a balloon. Oh, how are they limited to? Or, nobody like him, and his world, I guarantee you that. He is one out of a through a way to mold after they made him. After they made his ass. I wonder if there were Dinglebirds actually came in the mold. Oh, my dog gets smoky bones and four-latery, four to six-thirty. Pants is preview, guilty of beyond night. Quick in his way to another panther, vecty, panties, or kill the same loose blues at the macroeanest seven or clock, any key after the hockey game. Anyway, can I get back to my Di-Vee story? I don't want to pick on Hank, but we'd like to see him lose an ounce. And when Josh told me a couple of weeks ago, he was in there eating donuts. That was bad. Oh, for me! That was really. In fact, Mo keeps stealing all that panting food out there, maybe he'll keep selling other people alive. And American child born in 2000 has a one-three chance of contracting diabetes in his lifetime. One-and-three chance. An African American has a two-and-five chance, 40 percent. And current rates, every other Latina born in 2000 will get to the disease. 50 percent. Every other Latina born in 2000 will get to the disease. Hear that? I heard it. Fast food, soda and sugar snack companies are well represented in the Fortune 500, but the cost on the other end are staggering. The CDC estimates that diabetes cost the US $92 billion in medical cost, and $40 billion in indirect cost, as is restricted or lost worker productivity. While diabetic's now make of 6.3 percent of the population, the American Di-Vee's Association estimates that the disease accounts for 19 percent of health spending in the USA. So far, now that is captured in the American's outside of doctors, public health officials, no school districts, that have kicked out the soda machines, that is, except for pharmacies, superstores, and the medical supplies industry, which are gearing up for the miserable fallout. In one of its 2005 reports, the marketing information firm IRI said that sufferers of diabetes obesity and high cholesterol are ideal targets for retitter and manufacturer programs aimed at driving sales growth. Many ailments, such as diabetes and high cholesterol are regularly treated with prescription medication, for retailers and manufacturers this translates to frequent shopping, crypts and thus countless opportunities to build relationships and drive non-prescription behavior, in other words, squeeze some more money out of you before you croak. In the case of diabetes, the relationship will be built around low sugar, low carbohydrate, low fat foods and beverages. It also means that the expanding racks for diabetes management supplies such as insulin, syringes and blood sugar meters, also mean more customers who buy other items in the stores. This is a hotly competitive area for retailers, Carolyn, Whalen, Rod, Rigue, A diabetes specialist for shop co-is pharmacies, told the trade publication retail merchandiser. You're serving a niche that is needed for patients care but also a huge sales driver. It's not just the right thing to do is profitable. I got a niche in my niche. It's staffa, who's got a staffa infection. Vice President of Member of Services and the National Association, Chain Roster's added retail merchandiser. These are repeat patients. On an ongoing basis, the same individual's purchase products month in month out. If you're able to engage them as a patient initially, you have their patrons for the rest of their life. As short as it may be. While business waits for the disease to fall to them, the greatest story is tragic. The nation-art children are being born into its one of which they're more likely to be acquainted with sugar test strips and final exams in college. The over-sex marketing and perfect body's thrown at youth and name of fashion will become a mockery as the young girl old before the age of 50, with brittle nails, calices, over-sensitive skin, balding scouts, tumpured bodies in the course lost limbs. All of these are of these things. The nation has not yet the courage to stand up against trans food and is forgotten how to send kids out to play. The bodies of our younger becoming trash and there is no time to play. How do you like that? Should I ask for my directs and he is absolutely correct sir? Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. I just tell you, man. Just like your bosopreson, various in the all-leans. Of hearing a person in the city? Doing a heck of a job, uh, Georgie? Yeah, heck of a job, Brownie? Georgie? Brownie, huh? Yeah, come on, you're in pontificate and scream and how are we're lectured people. And they don't pay attention. They want to go out there and get their fish food in there. And then I scream and just mind your mind, you know, shovel all that crap. See, you know, the only thing that's kept me alive, you're only a guy. I'm still alive today and that's guy has not read the attend to my funeral. What did you call me? You got a turn? What did you call that guy? I forget what it is I call it. It's a great, the professional, uh, a funeral attend, is something like that. But do I think it has a prevented him from attending my funeral. My services for my ass is ashes. Is that I take my blood sugar all the time? Religously, let's several times a day. Right. And I know these days when I was eating all that crap, I was telling you. I would like, you know, take enough medication, not enormous amount, which is dangerous. But enough to like, uh, so that my blood sugar was never like really out of it. Just out of control. No, I'm saying. Yes. But of course, you can't film other nature forever. You're already doing as postponing an everable when he eat this crap. All that sugar, all these we find carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are killers. Okay, boys and girls, just keep that in mind. I don't know you have no idea what that means. But refined carbs will kill you. Right. I like an option. I was just going to say, Luxon total was right to top of the list. And in fact, that's probably what they did in the show. Speaking of him, what a segue. Oh, and I wonder now if they're also going to do a lot of me on this guy. The private sector leads. Oh, brother. Look, look at the posture. It's so much back and I'd share it. Like, oh, this is what you wanted. This is you. You know, if you go to the bottom of our website, if you go to the very bottom, I beg you. Airbees single day. I want you to take a look at that. I hope we still have it on there. Yes, we did. Oh, good. Right. At the very bottom of upwards. As vital statistics and time left on the old contract like five minutes. The daily, the British daily mirror. What's the day that I don't know. I can't make it on. Is it November 4, 2004, it's right after the last year was a lot of two years ago. Well, I'll be here in the voice, which the page Charlie Chris apparently is a Republican. Well, so I told you, hey, we're a Republican. You fair, huh? That's why I lump him in there with Mr. Raj and Matt Foli and all these other self-hating. Bob Bollman and all these others. Oh, I said, though four more years of W. Dole as in Homer Simpson, or is it the Jessica Simpson? And that was he says to feel like played though OJ Simpson. How can 59,000, 54,087 people be so dumb and there is W's picture under. And there's something else that this is dumb and that picture is if it's on ITD screen right now. These traveling Louisiana and Mississippi, but a bandro on his knee. Sitting there talking trash and all the beans. You know, like he really cared about those people. He ain't out care about those people. And I'm not voting for him. Just like those people in New York in the World Trade Center. He didn't care about that. Because most of them didn't vote for him. The more I think about that whole deal and the way the fence just opened up a whole avenue of opportunities. Not only do we invade Iraq, but to like in fringe anybody's freedoms and to be able to fix the next election in 2004 and do all of these things. You know, there's something really doesn't meet the eye there that you'll never really know the truth about. I guarantee you can get great leads life on it. This we can't pick on him too much. It doesn't have that much significance anymore. Sorry, I was reading the website. You call that a consultant? Oh, you're the smile on our face. Anyway, a member of Prime Minister Ariel Syrroll's medical team said that the information about the brain disease diagnosed after his first stroke is celebrate team had been concealed for political reasons. Uh-oh. The counter-hoursy surrounding Syrroll's medical treatment is continued unabated and his doctors come under further criticism for concealing the diagnosis of cerebral, amoloid, and geopathy. And he often say, I'm sorry. Well, have you ever said that before in your life? Never. CAA. CAA. CNA executives at Havasi University Hospital, uh, I and Karim, where Syrroll was first treated in December, and again since last Wednesday when he had the second far more severe stroke. And mid of this week, the hospital's doctors had decided to give the Prime Minister blood thinners despite the diagnosis of CAA. The physicians had promised full disclosure of Syrroll's condition in the wake of his hospitalization in December. The doctor said there was the fear that if made public, the information would be used against Syrroll and his Kadima party, especially in the matter of the fact that CAA has often been associated with medical literature with Alzheimer's disease. Syrroll was in critical but stable condition this morning, a statement from Adazsa said. The Prime Minister's condition remains critical, but stable he's still reaching for the summit caution and his heart rhythm is regular. And after he's regular, but we don't want to get too deeply in the back. And the evening, I want to go a routine camp scan tonight, which is now part of what is it? When it's already night. I don't think like eight hours ahead, I would think seven eight hours could be us. What about the unobody you ain't never been over there in the holy land? You better get with the Lord man before it's time to make Marvin Maker. I'm trying right now. You better get with the Lord. You better go to that hodge. And then we see every now and then they show the pictures of those lunatics and a few flailing themselves with chains. You know who? And just like the orthodox or whatever in Israel that's there, there's smack in our head against the wall. You see that, I'm sure. Oh yeah. Yeah, this match in their head and the wall. God loves paying. Maybe that's where they got that hole in their head. Okay, let's see how that pull was coming so far. I never knew Greg was Jewish. What did you hate most about your child who we got? Six hundred and seventy six folks. That's not exactly the kind of total we were looking for today. It wasn't job. Now, we were thinking more like a thousand doing the show, but we haven't pushed it. I'm not going to be a hard number. I don't know all these bad times stories. I see I'm getting punished. My God. What did you hate most about your childhood? Six seventy six. Getting dragged at church 123. Hey mom, hey dad. Up yours. Not having money one ten. School ninety seven. Of course, if you say that, the mom would then that's your aunt. You won't have no money. School ninety seven. Getting holy ninety six. Getting dragged to visit those pain in the ass. Roller of fifty seven. My parents thirty nine. Being abused twenty eight. My childhood was great twenty five. See that's moving up the ladder. And why not? We took that full couple days ago. People had a good childhood. That no complaints. Getting picked last response twenty four. Spankings twenty four. Being treated like an infant sixteen. Mom's cooking ten. My whole hood ten. I hate this pool nine. And going hungry is still right there on the bottom. Once you want to share some of that food you got there. Come on. Let's go. Somebody's been a didn't that had no food as a child and let him mind your mind. And get diabetes and no rosers. This is five sixty two. A. A. Hello. This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hours. Time now for real twenty. Twenty seven. Twenty seven. Twenty seven. Twenty seven. Twenty seven. Twenty seven. The stuff to here wasn't good. The ticker was a very loud machine. In fact, there's only then one thing more deafening at the wall. And that would be Jim Grayman best evening. To the bottom up your wall. And Susan B. Anthony Kessavallet and is arrested for. A letter stand that wasn't for voting. She's actually busted for gambling for chatting. Public. That's someone. When we come back, being a 21st. I love the eighteen sevenies. Takes a look at the greatest invention of all time. The telephone. In eighteen seventy six, our gender Graham Bell uttered these famous words. It's a watch that's coming up. I don't want you. Not only was it the first phone call. It was the first of Dean's phone call. I have to say. Okay. One or one is five sixty. We got Mo come up with two o'clock. That's all it needs to be said about that. No great programming on Q. Here's a huge story. Q. While we're looking for a manager, I'm sure you're probably going to try to plan this summer over there. That's right. A kiss is just a kiss, but it may prove to be the kiss of death for a Malaysian steak charmer. Will attempt to set a new world record by planning 50 smooches on a venomous snake in ten minutes. Well, think the kiss you're chicken, something because you're snake. Shahini Abdul Hamid 33 will perform the dangerous feed on March 11th and it did break the current record held by an American man who kissed a poisonous steak 30 times. And I was specified time that I shall lose agency. Burnama said today. The kiss in birds and snakes. Shahini's urge Malaysian support of him is endeavor saying he wants to prove that Asians can also be champions and tening poisonous snakes. He couldn't reach for comment. Burnama said Shahini displayed his prowess at a news conference like Wednesday by kissing a three meter long king cobra 21 times. That's what Bubba used to say. Just kiss it. His bid and marks will be filmed by US television show. But he's believed in an opera. Well, there he goes. Maybe a few seconds of fame or maybe just a. I'm dying on the hand. What are those? Five six seven. Let's get a few calls in this. What do you say? I still got a gigantic pile here. What are you saying? If we go to any course from a while we might not. I've been rambling on in Coerne and let me just tell you the sad news. You know the story that I just read about Derek Jackson about diabetes? So I'm looking at the stories that Josh posted on the website today that I sent him. If it'll ever come up here again, but this thing sometimes on the status page is a little bit slow Eric. It's mighty slow right now and he'd do nothing. But I looked at that man and it was one of the like in the middle of him. You know like we down there and let's hear it. Here comes. Let's take a look at what stories they're getting rid of the most today and which ones are not. Bush planned what would Iraq long before 9. Well that's good. That's one by Doug Thompson I read. You should be reading. You should be making copies of it and putting it on every doorstep and every mailbox. Now let's see where's the one about diabetes and the trashwood industry. 61 people were about 233 on the top and 61 which is kind of like Midland. I mean it's early you know because during the daytime people read the stuff on our website. But nevertheless. And that's sad. Yes. And don't say well that's because you just read it. Well I read the other one too okay which is a lot of a lot longer and it's said when so on. But there's a whole segment of the audience all they want to do is your bush patching all day which what's supported and I mean we can do it. You know I'll need that to others for Christ's six. Just repeating the same stuff over like the guy to call it in the beginning of the show about Bill Spist. Remember that? How much money did he make until that stock it and it's a little story. So news talking about right wing hypocrites. Well that's a big revelation. So all they want to do is just let's see that's that's what I hate about talk radio man. That's why I got away from doing that stuff. I despise it. The ideologues. The ones in the far right and wasn't a far left and it's a point against countable. You know this crossfire is doing well isn't it now. Yeah. I'll let contrive crap. Tired of it. It's one thing that passed along some useful information. That may be a help people to vote or to have some kind of an argument to be viewed. Some jackass friends that there is or whatever, but on the other hand. Just railing and repeating the same tired old crap. We already know we got a bunch of fascists running the company that stole two elections. Okay. They invaded the sovereign company in his occupying it right now and causing mayhem and bloodshed and making it a hotbed for terrorists from all over the world. We all know these things unless you're an idiot unless you're on moron. And the stuff about the hogs they see them lose and I guarantee a 99% of the people out there in this audience. They see that suddenly a bunch of backwards rag hand. That's what they're thinking because my god is better than yours is my religion is a hell of a lot more realistic than yours is. I'm going to tell you right now we the first couple of pages of Genesis you'll burn that book. You use it for killing right. It's not what you believe but that's you believe it's just idiotic it's insanity. He created the stars also. I mean there is absolutely nothing in there that any child couldn't have seen with an achidide. It is nothing to violently inspired. It's just the same old fairy tales passed out one generation after another. Writing about people that never that probably most have never even existed. Because all of that stuff was written years and years after these people supposedly existed. From Moses and Abraham and Jesus all of these people. How about holy Moses? What we know Moses existed. Right. You used to see him in the flesh. 567. 560. 560. 560 in the Verizon and Siguara. What am I getting all whipped up about? I was going to have a just reading last of his blog during the break there and he was just just caught the camera about my poles that he's like poison. But he'd like to want about childhood because he brought back a lot of memories. Why is it that so many people hate the poles? We don't spend that much time talking about the poles. Oh you know people. Sorry blah blah. It kills a lot of good time man. WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. One for your pole. I was talking about a place night and I started about the first one you had about. I think if you liked about your childhood, I said you want to do this one here today. About things that you don't. And immediately she said none. She was in two of the Catholic school which I did not go to. And none. None. So that I know goes along with the hate school but she liked school but she just couldn't handle the mothers. Yeah. Can't blame her. I'll let her go. Okay. That's right. None. Got it. Or you could put penguins but I think that's what's the thing we're talking on hockey again. But how about those penguins man? They couldn't win a fist game. They're tragic. If they're asking by Columbus notice, I little girls seem all boy. I'd forget about it Mary. Okay. Just roll up your sleeves and roll up the afranchis. Get out of there. Why you still got a shot. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Very couple. Okay. What kind of a phone do you want? Uh, well. Well, couple things. First of all, I don't know if anybody's just got hurt. Touch this yet. But anytime there's a tragedy in a red state now, I really don't care anymore. And like well, they voted for the idiot. They deserve what they got. Kind of like Pat Robertson. Maybe four of them. They're having a hard time. Second thing. If I see another bumper sticker that says American by birth, Southern by the grace of God, I'm going to run them off the road. All right. And third thing that minor tragedy last week, they had this woman on there and she's saying, we're Christians and we're West Virginia. We may be dumb, but you have to pray for us. Right. Just like we're a crowd for all the minus to be alive. And then we turned on God and Jesus when they found out they got a bad info. Yeah. Anyway, you're enclosing. Uh, I think they stole the election, Neil. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Uh, talk about crying over a spilled milk. That's what he's talking about. Making fun of a lot of you silly ass people out there, you know. Not at the horses out of the barn in 700 yards down the road. It's a little bit late now, eh? I'm depressed if Bob would have not looked like my poles. I feel wounded there. Took like a little shot. Well, that's where it goes. Take all the shots you want, and bother me. I can handle it. Five six, that maybe he has needling me. Five six, seven, oh five, six feet, pound five, six feet in a Verizon and singular wireless line. I may just have to finish my pole. I don't see like a lot of action on these phones. See, now if we didn't have the pole, no, no, seriously. We didn't have the pole basically with a show would be. Would I go back to like, we did those seven months of sitting here reading the newspaper every day. Or reading all these stories. Oh, no, you got because everybody's going to sit here and take these in the attic. And that is God was okay. I mean, there's about three or four we had today that will maybe worth a punch in the phone line up for it. But you know what most of it is. It's a swell garbage. WQAN, hello. QAM. Good afternoon. Yes, sir, when is this? But OZL is the Roger. How is things in Miami? Where are you? I'm in Indianapolis. Oh, well, I don't know. He's having Toronto. So we're both out there. Oh, well, I don't know because I'm in Toronto. So we're both out of touch. Oh, so how you been? I've been great. How you been? I'm doing that. I came up here in the neighborhoods for the football game on Sunday. Yeah. Looking forward to being the cold balance. Super Bowl. Uh-huh. And so what do you think about that? I say, I have a good time. Oh, my God. Five, six, seven. He's called from Indianapolis because he went there and what do I think about that? I say, go, Stealer. Go up and down the field, kick your ass. I want to pay for the assuming they survived inber to have to play Indianapolis. I mean, they all sound selfish. But that's the, you have to strategize, man. Just like those nuts, silly ass games, throwing a game to the dolphins. I mean, not to, you know, and the playing against Jacksonville, which worked out very nicely. Thank you, Billy. It's a little bill-bullet, Chuck Man. He knows where it's at. He knows where the bodies are buried. Come any QAM, hello. Mr. Neil. Yes, sir, Mr. caller. Hey, James request. Please never, never, ever retire. Okay, Graham. Do you want to mean? Oh, Artisan. Yeah. Please never be there. Quick second around. Okay, Mr. I want you to come to my funeral. I want you to spread some of my asses and asses around. Somebody QAM, hello. Hello, Neil. No. QAM, you want to know. What's the number? Yes. Oh, last time was the highest it's ever been. It was 8.3. It's usually like, have you between 6 and 7? Wow. You know, the goal now is 6.5. No, actually, the goal now, according to the Actons book that I read the other days, like, under 6 between 5 and 6. That's what the physician said is 6.5, whatever. Yeah, that's how you two bet. Well, I was 6.9. I was happy enough. I'm not bad. Well, for people I don't know what that is. That's glycolated, what they called, He will gloom. That's your blood sugar over a period of weeks. Yeah. Yeah, well, I want you to get your blood because we care about you and want to keep on the air. Well, I'm sure it's that was back in June. I'm sure now it's a lot of work as much as being tubs of ice-free many more, at least not very often. Well, you've fought together every three months. What? Did that? Yeah, what? You said that. Some of that wants to make a lot of money on Budtest, I guess. You know, you can get them in records now, doing yourself. I wouldn't go to records if they gave it to me for free. Thanks a lot, Pelle. Although that is one of our fine sponsors, maybe, but I doubt it. I don't think it goes this around anymore. I thought it was a TV. Oh, we like TV. Yes, a lot. We like Walgreens a whole lot. So I'm so sorry, said, I could say, it might be a jack-ecker. Ooh, didn't he die there a year or two ago, Jack-eckered? All right. See, when you stop and think about some of the people that you've all lived and you're saying, well, you know, that's not so bad, right? Right. That's one of them. Dan, zero, Dan. There's another one. One, third. One, third. Ten. They listen, everybody counter my funeral. Okay, the race is on. See, if I can make it a march first, kill that 30. If I've heard the man, I'm going to force myself over to catch it. Tell the tremendous response as we approach that unbelievable day. And have an heard one more word about that vist of CV. Have you heard it? Yeah, yeah. I got Miguel to take over the project. He went and poured a bucket of water over high-boy. And he will, oh, please don't tell me. He's involved in his two-dissignation. Not anymore. Oh, who? That's what I'm talking about. Is the aerosmet tickets? Oh, you're talking about that project? Oh, that project is in production. I see. The artist getting done, we're, we have a CD. We'll be burnt, but the aerosmet tickets are like a total of 10. You know what? He already took it away from a high-boy. Good. We will have a discussion tomorrow. I have money. Dealings with that plant, Tom. Okay. I don't want to aid dealings. I've done it pretty clear. So tomorrow morning we will talk about how many we got and how we wanted to do it. Whether we want to get over here with the... So tomorrow morning, we have a sort of harassment ticket. Give away at the macaroon at the bank and land at the end of the day. We'll get the tickets. I've done this. I've done this. Oh. At the United Center when Chicago, we don't have the Air Force for you, but it'll be a fun trip. And you can get some of that Chicago style pizza. One-four-team, some of that Chicago style pizza. Oh, for me. Happy New Year from the fine folks at Armstrong Fort of Homes Day. Two-thousand five was a stupendous year for them. And thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal and bought themselves a new Ford at Armstrong Fort. Why does so many people shop there? It's easy because Armstrong Fort guarantees you an unbeatable combination of great price rates you're beset to the sale. And that personal touch that comes from a local family owned dealership. Pick up the phone now and call general manager David Richardson 305. Two-four-seven-51-12. When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Fort, a home set, you also get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. Maybe they say it again when you buy from Armstrong Fort. They give you three tires and batteries for life at your vehicle. How can you beat that? That could take you thousands of dollars over life at your car. David Richardson is staff at Armstrong Fort guarantee you will not find a better price anywhere in town. They guarantee you that the much-amiety bills life on it. He's still around. Oh, damn it. With Armstrong Fort being locally owned is not for it. You know they're going to give you great treatment too because they want to make you a customer full life. No bait and switch. No BS. No phone e-sills. So start the year off for the great new Ford from our friend, David Richardson, a staff at Armstrong Ford of Homes Day. And to find Armstrong Fort at 307-25 South-Tixie Highway. Just 20 easy minutes after the E36 pick a spin on down there. Check them on the web at armature on cars.com and drive those few extra miles to save a ton of cash at Armstrong Ford of Homes Day. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 F.A. Wonderful W.U.U.A.L. What the... On-world news tonight, an ABC News exclusive the secret tapes of President Bush as George Bush was spy in on the American public. George himself was spy-depond. The White House says Bush had no idea he was being recorded. Well, I've sometimes been mangled in the science. Get the guy. I'm drinking Jack Daniel all the time. I have a little too much to drink. And I'm sick. And coherent. The White House is not happy about the tapes. I believe I'm going to... ABC News. Washington. One-19 at 5.60 W.U.M. I just froze up my computer for the first time. Archity Preston the upset. Okay. Program is not responsible. Oh. In now. Oh, there it is. It's a... It's a... Well, I'm just a wizard on that thing. Mostly by luck. I find that even on those occasions when you haven't got any idea what you're doing. You're clicking the couple of spots. Oh, and there it is. It's just...right? That's how we all kind of learn. Just click it. Leak facts shows where may you help see how I interrogate is. You think you've got facts problems? You ain't seen nothing yet. An Egyptian government facts intercepted by Swiss intelligence officers, the first real evidence that the US interrogated suspected terrorists at secret prisons in Eastern Europe, European politicians be saying a couple of days ago, the tenth. What's today? The two days ago. Two days. The highly classified facts purportedly sent last year by E.G. It was embassy in London was leaked to a Swiss newspaper on Sunday. And he discussed the fate of 23 detainees from Iraq and Afghanistan who were apparently interrogated at the air base in Romania on the Black Sea coasts. I'm not going to try to read the name of the air base because I'll butcher it. And that's probably what they were doing there. Egyptian diplomats had confirmed this information from their own sources. The Minister wrote a corndoist, Swiss intelligence summary, leaked to the son's tag Blick newspaper. I'm sure you read that every day. Every day. You want to read that? These santex, uh, a Blick, uh, whatever it is. Oh, this is very aggravating. Give this thing going on. Egypt hasn't confirmed the authenticity of the facts, but MEPs described it as a hard, hugely significant step. When anguish with authorities confirmed the leak was based on a communication intercepted by a top secret surveillance system known as annex. Aha. The Bush administration either confirmed or denied the reports of a network of secret detention sites run by the CIA across the former communist block. And speaking of your president, and again, I emphasize that you're president because I don't want anything to do with the best part of it. If I could find it. President Bush said yesterday he's doing everything within the constitution to protect the American people from another terrorist attack. But, added that congressional reason to adopt the US fine program will be good for democracy. That great? That's right. You're going to say safety, safety, safety. That's what it's all about. Safety. Except the words for the soldiers and all those other people in Iraq. We're dying by the thousands. And on the unusual 75-minute campaign style time-all meeting, which include nearly a dozen questions from members of the in my invitation only audience. Mr. Bush said he firmly believes he has the authority to order warrantless wiretaps to phone calls by people thought to be linked about cat or affiliates. Or anybody who watched the Michael Moore movie. Or ever watched any Michael Moore movie, or ever, or ever, uh, eight that one of those restaurants were Michael Moore, each which could be just about anyone. I have the right to come out of the one cheap in the time-all order to take action as to protect the American people. He said during the event of Kentucky International Convention Center Louisville, I can understand concerns about this program. Before I went forward, I want to make sure I had all the legal authority in this area to make this to suit in your president. He said that after 9-11 attacks he vowed that I would use everything in my power. Obviously within the constitution. But everything in my part of protecting American people, I put that hand on the Bible and I meant it when I said I'm going to hold the constitution. Right. He went in light of us when he puts his hand on the Bible. He was like about those weapons of mass construction. Construction. I had it must be over here and maybe they were over here at Big Joke. Someone capital held a demanding investigation in the wire-tapping program. First we will be last month by the New York Times. The program allows the national security agency to eavesdrop on international phone calls without a warrant, which Democrats say is violation of the Constitution right to privacy and they happen to be correct. Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean criticized the Bush administration's disregard for our courts and our laws. President Bush's decision to sidestep the rule of law on spy and Americans without a corridor may have dealt a serious blow to our ability to fight and win the war in terror Mr. Dean said the Senate Judiciary Committee scheduled hearings on the issue for early February and the Senate select committee on intelligence, financial, closed our hearings both of which Mr. Bush endorsed yesterday. I hope they have a good time. It's going to be really constructive. But basically what he says is he's going to do whatever he wants anyway. That's really what he said. In other words, it can come up with a thank you. Let's have some more hearings, shall we? Just like Joe Biden says these hearings now on a leader are wasted time and for once in his life he happens to be absolutely. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He's just going to be, but I'm going to have a message to be gambling. See, no, are also open and operators of the MGM Mirage and Harrison Arseman are planning a reopening in the coming months. Three casinos already open in the Luxe and I'm sure those are ones of least some of those ones owned by I look at pretty that operates pump and a park and are allegedly going to be a lot to Pittsburgh penguins, which I'm sure you're keeping your nose on that. Got my computer all back in straight now. Well, that a good job by me. Very good. What did you do? Look at that. The tourism industry attracted 31 million people to a man in the council for 50,000 jobs and Mrs. Sippy. In a backwater mugwum state like that. Got it. It's a darn good thing we don't have no gambling in Florida. Cheese. Why would we want to have all of those jobs and all of that revenue and all those tourists and all these hoarding stuff? A state that could be great but held back by a bunch of Yahoo mugwums man. A bunch of Bible, something, hypocritical, right-wing mugwums including your fat ass governor and of course Charlie Chris. You're fair. What's to be your next governor? Christ Almighty, two bad ad visciences around she could have earned. How much Janet Reno? She might want to latch on that ticket. How did he take a shirt? What did you hate most about your childhood? There's that pool again. Well, I do feel compelled once you're being out and into a, you're either the result we're going to put it on here. Although I'm just crushed at those comments I read about the pool. Just relax, blah, blah, blah. Getting dragged at church 132. Not having any money, one 18. School 104. Getting boy 98. Getting dragged visit those pain in the ass rotors. Uh, 59. My childhood was great, 43. What's not the life? My parents 42. They sucked. Being abused 31. Getting picked last response, 26. Spanking, 24. I hate this pool 18. In fact, it's basically that means I hate, yeah, fill in the black anything, anything. Being treated like an infant 16. My neighborhood, the old hood 11. Nam's cooking 10. And going hungry, only nine. Are you, no, and you see, if there's a correlation between those eyes too? Could be. Some other, so few people hit a mom's cooking. That's why they didn't go hungry very often even if mom's cooking was crap. It was. Well, not in my case, mom's cooking was just fine. That's one thing. Except for last, like the last 40 years of her life, we're going to get worse, you know. Not 40. Maybe about 30 minutes. The last few years, she wasn't like cooking up a storm normal. Every time I asked her to make me an omelette, I was in the omelette thing, which by the way is very good on Atkins in the diabetics and so. And she made scrambled eggs. Right. Remember that? Uh huh. And I said, I don't like scrambled eggs. Ma, that's not the, I'm thinking, you put your scrambled eggs. I said, there are one scrambled eggs. It's not omelette. She would know it. I'm left for me, uh, for Tata. For me, for Hita. For toast. Right. She knows toast. She's the one that was on with the OJ. OJ. I don't know. I don't know. How to keep track of that crowd. Toast and butter, buttermilk pancakes. And what about Mark Eisenberg? What's he doing? I three to four in a morning? I don't know. One, twenty six, it's at five, sixty, WQA, and when you're shopping for shoes, don't go to some store where you fight a bunch of off-name brands. You never heard of before and get a bad fit and really hurt your Tutsies. Go to Brandeez where you can find always an unbeatable combination. The best solution. The most unbeatable prices and comfort. And people really know how to give you a perfect fit like Arnie. He'll make dang sure you get a perfect fit at the right price every time. All the top brands are waiting for a brand. He's that you know and love like rock port. For shine, echo, SAS, Mfisto, new balance, all the others too. Brandeez even's fresh light and wide whits as well. He got a big fat, the pair of feet. Brandeez is worth the trip from just about any place for comfort, style, fit value and selection. They are absolutely unbeatable. That's Brandeez. It's 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. This is open daily Monday through Saturday to line every Sunday. It will five in this week is a stupid and a great time to buy rock ports at Brandeez because if you visit Brandeez today, you can take 10 to 20 bucks off of already low prices on a great rock port selection. Only this week and only at Brandeez shoes in Pompano Beach. This is a meal Rogers. This is 560 Tuesday. WQA WQA She takes a finger and takes a deep into a nostril for something green. Oh she's a nose picker. She's taking it down. Don't flick it at me first. F***ing this one. No idea. She's a nose picker. But she's taking it into her stinger. No idea. She's a nose picker. She's a nose picker. I'm gonna say that she's a no-deca-deca. So what's more disgusting? Watching people pick their nose or pick the dingo berries from there. Back though, I don't think I'd see even content. It's like what they do with it after they uh. Oh, she's anyway, 132 moving right along. I'm probably gonna get in what 40-50 calls between now and more time into a clock and motor. Do you think this is a motown? Well not really a great, great billboard to promote the Mosho. If they were. Miami is a motown. Like, ammo dash, motown, right? With a bit of picture of motor, with his vault spot going. Oh, I think that would get an 80-year easy. Here's our only call, WDQ-YM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey how's it going? I'm right. The uh, is the concert at the Bank United Center, the Bank of Lancashire. The Bank United Center, the hockey arena. What used to be called the uh, Yentis Center? Okay, because the Bank United Center's right here. The National Democratic Armed Bank Atlantic Center. So sunrise. Thanks buddy. No problem. And we're having a lovely, uh, the rumor is you're gonna have a bunch of airsponstickets you'll land a show tomorrow. That's why they don't want to call them out. They don't want to waste their quota of call. And I can't bring them myself, right? It looks like time since we ever gave away anything on it. Show it. Thankfully, because you know how I feel about that crap. Right. Can I get the tickets? Can I have the tickets now? Can I have the tickets? People that you would never hear from in a million years. Uh, that's correct. Suck it around for freebies like that old ticket, lady. I'm not gonna waste my time playing that bit again because it's a pretty fondress. But it's just, oh look at that's already 46. The sun is shining. It's uh, 80-year shellfish is, it's 46. Aren't you amazed and impressed? I have the mouth of this. Any such thing is global warming. We have no snow. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised in about 80 tomorrow. How many QAN hello? QAN? QAN? Yes, sir. There we go! One. Doesn't scare the hell out of me. Why is that? It was a little loud. Just because it was like that? Just how many QAN hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yep. Hey, this and this for your call? Yeah. I'm planning to depend on people to drive you around. And also, and also, I definitely don't miss masturbating to. Okay, great. Sounds to me like you don't miss it because you still do it. To this show is what he was talking about. Right. Five six, you have a whole five six-day pound five, six-day, Verizon and Singular Wireless Line in the car and no less. Okay. Probably in the gas station in the car looking at some hot number, some hot guy. I mean, uh, gas station attendant, competent. How many QAN hello? I'm going to help. Yes, sir. I have a good idea for promo. How about a big boy in board on 95? All of the members from QAN have our dress in different athletic uniforms. Sitting like, uh, say, uh, bow would be in a football uniform. You could do like a jockey type of thing. Anything related with sports, we could have mulled with like, show us this, uh, check her pants with, uh, like, uh, when he calls us up. Uh, okay. No, no, whatever. I, I think Dona Shalily, the opposite of we all the members on that billboard. Number six, seven, oh five, 60. She probably has one pound five, 60 and the Verizon, Singular Wireless Line, five time pretty sure of it. You know, Dona Shalily over to you when you can't spell, scumb without you in. 70 QAN hello. QAN. I feel great. What was it? I don't know. Something great. I don't know. I just in case. Just to be on the safe side. I think you want to date with Greg. Well, it's just over to the suitee places. Probably waiting for you there right now. One good thing about your belly does not eat sushi. Oh, I was so relieved to hear that. Because he said one day when I'm in town, we'll get together for lunch rest. That would be great. So just as long as you don't eat sushi, he said no way Jose. WDQAN hello. QAN. Hola. Pardon me slow this week. Oh, yes sir. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon sir. Hey, I was shocked to hear that. On toxic died, you were mentioning that the other day. Long time ago, man, you better get with it. Abe Lincoln, H.D. went to good either. Don't touch it. What about a couple years? Whatever happened at Guy Park Coast City, hardly marry any of the Brian. What guy? That guy Bob Coups to the Eruf, marry any of the Brian. Yeah, they just had a K winning, the two of them. K. Do you believe these people are why? But it sure is a lot more entertaining than reading all this bedtime board and not too many people, 70 people are by the diabetes. They won't read it. And you want it alive? Because they're in denial. Today they're in denial in six months from now to be in like the hospital. And then about six months after that, they'll be in the ground. WDQAN hello. Don't touch the door. Twenty three minutes. You can wait. QAN hello. They're here. Yes sir. Oh, you are breath of fresh air. I knew from my hand. You appear to see Brian and I had a massive breath. I just was scented through the end. I'll try to find something. And I'll I'd prove my pants. There you are. And you are a breath of fresh air. I have to sit on the middle. We'll see if we listen to you. But now. I'm going to call a spectrum that we have something to say. Five six seven. Five six eight. There's a breath of stale. Oh, I need a breath of fresh air. Well, I bet that's we're here in that. How many times did he say that? About thirty men. Twenty two. I am hello. Five five. Five six. Oh. Twenty two. I am hello. I'm getting back to my pilot. I have time. They're too slow and they're too weak in their lane. They suck. I'll tell you that you're on a phone. I started out really like a disaster. You notice that? Now back when in December when you were gone, Josh and I had some pretty interesting shows. I don't want to say that's because you weren't here. But probably was. But, you know, the good call is a intimidated by you by your fast knowledge. That's right. Historical minutiae. Sure. Is that what's about Rene is to say, well, I wish until much time on a minutiae on detail. You know, see, that's the one thing I love about Joe Bellon. This one, which he seems like a really good guy on the straight to it or not a BS guy. And actually there's a radio guy is the fact that he is interested in detail. Because you realize as you can't make the, you know, you can't make the big painting on a wall without a brush. Without the oil paints. You know what I'm saying? Without the oil? Right. The oily bird. Representative Roy Blada has ties to corporate lobby. And convicted influence, pedler Jack Abramoth had rival representative Tom Delays. Yet says he wants to be a reformer. If given the chance to succeed, Delays has majority leader. Well, how do you like that? Time and raw steps out. And some other core steps in Don Corley on steps in. The one Republican Missouri has transferred donations between his political organizations and Delays. Eventually benefiting blood, son, math. The current Missouri governor. Roy Blada also wrote at least three letters helpful to Abramoth's clients while collecting money from them. Once one Abigail Pearlman. Oye. And a second son Andrew Lobby from any of the same companies that don't need to do all makers political efforts. Larry Sabato, he is that Sabato. Sabato Sabato is Sabato, is your auntie. I'll say Sabato. Larry of something, rather a university of Virginia political scientists and author said, once named doesn't have the same nationwide recognition as Delays. And his only chance is access to one of one amazing transformation in the way we're former. Blada said, that's exactly what he's got in mind. Oh, yeah. Blada, the peacemakers for the, what, what, what, what, what? He's saying the godfather three? Oh, I forgot. That's fair. Was he like a wall if there was his line? Blada said out of peacemakers for the, read their lines real badly. And a statement, blunt promise to move swiftly to enact loop lobbying reforms and enhanced penalties to require disclosure of more information about lobby activities. And said, new restrictions on privately finance, so it finance travel by lawmakers. Once connections to Abramoth for his clients could before the fall elections that will determine control of Congress. The board of Blunts relying on your beliefs fund is voted to contribute to charity and amount of equivalent to Abraham's personal contributions, $8,500, according to Blunts' folks from in Versantella. And the beat goes on. All a bunch of crooks. All a big bunch of crooks, okay? Just stick your finger around the pot. The only thing you have to figure out is which course you're gonna take away all of your rights and which course you're gonna mind of killing a bunch innocent people all in name of big business and greed. And which people are gonna help continue destroying the environment and make the world melt into a big puddle of water. Nevertheless, don't start getting too serious and heavy duty like I said, we're not gonna save the world and come stupid ass radio talk show, okay? Just because Florida will be under water in about a half an hour. I'll be there. Good luck you guys. Hope you learned to swim real well. Sure. Don't forget to watch out. Yeah, you know, if I have to. In fact, I think when those numbers come on off, now that the stuff has been demoted, I mean, then move over to sales. Let's just throw it with the trends. We're gonna give some dates on that. This tends to be run in there, breathlessly with those numbers. I'm sure you will. Speaking of treading water. 141 a QAIM finally a TV experience like no other. Oh boy, Comcast Digital cable with on demand is easy to use and has lots to love. And today you can try it for just 29.99 a month for four months. YSTV so much better with on demand for starters. You can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kids shows music, videos, cooking, show sports, home improvement shows guitar lessons, and lots lots more. You always have something to watch. And right when you want to watch it too. And don't forget about control with on demand. You can start, stop, pause, rewind, the fast-forward programs. Using that remote control, it is something else. It can't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule who could ask for more. And best of all on demand is free with Comcast Digital cable. So pick your show time. Sit back and you wonder how you ever managed to get along without it. Call today order Comcast Digital cable and let's be over the power of on demand for only 29, 99 a month or four months. And date Comcast 305 Comcast in Broward 954 Comcast, call for details written in the play. Here are those numbers again for those of you a little bit on the slow side. And Broward 954 Comcast in date 305 Comcast. This is New Rogers. This is 560. Hey, Danny. Danny, suck. Uh-uh, shoot. Don't walk or fear. Everybody is both in 580. And if you're your fastest-my-been. And that is really 580. Time to see first fly. Open 40 challenge from 40 Chinatowns. If you're eating, don't go. You'll be six feet on the bow. If you don't want to catch the snow, do not touch the cock at two. A charging time can be found. Again, he's gone on one word. And everybody is both moved by a king. This is the power of the riding. Now, you can be bold and fly, man. Time to be followed by me. That couldn't have been little Brian Andrews making those a capping sounds before. Order if you ever kissed a chicken. That's why we don't see him no more. 147, 13, go to a 560 WQA. And my vegetables are going to have his thumb on it. We can football game. Or maybe he's going to be spend most of the two hours. Talking about the pantheries at home stand here. We got San Luis tonight. The Columbus straight jacket and Doug McLean and Jeff Rimmer on Saturday. What if the knees pop hands going to take Rimmer off for dinner? Maybe also like a dark alley somewhere. San Francisco police arrested a man Tuesday who they believe remember how to describe the Starbucks? Yes, we're going to bomb a pecania. Arrest the demands who they believed planted a bomb in Starbucks restroom. That was powerful enough to dismember or kill somebody head of gun off. Ronald Schauton. He shot him from the free tops. 44 San Francisco was taken to the custody of five p.m. Tuesday of noon by police on the corner of Dury Boulevard in Venice. About four blocks south of the Starbucks and 1401 van S Avenue. Where the bomb was discovered by an employee on Monday. Also the San Francisco chronic runs for the given district and maybe some of you folks have spent a lot of time in San Francisco cruising around. Can't stand that place. This individual appears to have acted alone and said police folks in the Neville getins adding that Schauton had no connections to what he'd do with a group of franchise Starbucks groups which have vandalized the coffee houses in the past. I don't know that. Maybe I just forgot about it. Why do they do that? Is it kind of like a Walmart thing? They're like anti-starbuck? Well, Starbucks liberal. Oh, I see. In that case, Schauton was being held in San Francisco County, J.I. and Philoni drug charges expected to be charged in the bomb planning case. It's a little bobby picking it. Only a few people would have died as opposed to nearly 400 now who died in Mecca. They're all singing dead gene pit in the same as they're on the way up. Mecca, I'm can't believe they don't have it. I don't. Let's not have it. What a shame. I was not. The IRS is very similar to get a little pissed off about. The IRS is frozen refunds for hundreds of thousands of low income taxpayers. Without telling them that they're being investigated for tax fraud, they're giving them a chance to defend themselves. The IRS tax payer advocates said that this week. In a blistering report to Congress, blistering. One of my favorite words in a surreal life is in a blistering report. Tax payer advocate Nina Olson said complaints about unpaid tax refunds have certain more than 400 percent since 2002. 66 percent of those who complain were intendable full refund and investigation by her orifice found. The issue raises some serious questions about the protection tax payer rights and might constitute a violation of due prices of law Olson served in a report. More than three quarters of the returns investigated or for low income families who claim the earned income tax credit, program that provides tax revenue refunds for the working poor, delayed refunds caused a significant hardship for these taxpayers. And they report some. Getting choked up this thing at about it. The tax payer advocates office estimates up to 1.6 million refunds. It has been frozen over the past five years. Lots of taxpayers refunds are frozen. The IRS will automatically free future refund claims until the taxpayer files an undistloved number of legitimate returns of taxpayer. And under the stores number, in other words, five years, 20, 100. The taxpayer advocate reports it. The IRS does not even notify taxpayers the returns of being investigated for fraud. And even if taxpayers inquire about their refunds, IRS employees are usually barred from providing any information until six months after the taxpayers' income tax and until six months after the taxpayers' income court, I've got a lot of returns to a little round with, you know? Right. I've got a lot of fish to fry. Speaking of a lot of fish to fry, leave our strife to the Strauss day but use iPod Ready Jeans. Oh, you always have to have your upon in your jeans. And that would be it in the Clockwork Orange they had their pod piece, iPodie. No, seriously, it was not a pod. It was a padded juxtapet. I see. Oh, there's nothing like that. I've got our sports nerds on QAM. Oh, my God. I wish you Robert Greenford would die for a padded juxtapet. Sports? Of course, I don't know what he would do with it. Call of the 21st century Watch Pocket. Denham Giant Levi's Strice's Strauss Day, the Slicat's design jeans compatible with the iPod Music Player, featuring a joystick in the Watch Pocket to operate the device. Oh, my God. What are you doing here? I'm dealing with my joystick. The Levi's Red wire DLX jeans from men and women who should be available this fall also at the built-in docking cradle for iPod and retractable headphones. Pricing wasn't immediately available. Apple computer Inc. iPod is the number one digital music player, no kidding. The company attributed a 60% jump in how they'd quarter sales in part to the iPod's popularity, said 42 minute device have been sold a day. Levi's is not the first company to feature iPod from the apparel, although maybe the first to make iPod compatible jeans. They got a slot where you stick away in there and they can manipulate your joystick. Oh, here's that expression in. Hope could sure fashion out as a beginner between pricey iPod carrying cases. I have to have to have a few seconds 2000 one launch. While outdoor company Burton Snowboards unveiled what it called the first iPod compatible waterproof snowboarding jacket in 2003. Last fall, LA Maceman effect your kin pole launchman's jacket selling at Macees between 275 and 50 bucks, featuring iPod controls on the sleep. There's what you all got to have, man. Your iPod compatible gear, right? No question. As in Richard, no forget that movie's coming this way. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Let's rate pole 3DO Big Chiles. They have now. We pass the time all right in the game. Jail the car. The John Lennfiles. To this day, the government refuses to release them. Tonight on the history channel, if you will find out why, only things to each channel has uncovered never heard before tapes of Lenin's rehearsal sessions recorded under their constant surveillance of the FBI. I don't like so. It is more rewarding. I guess you're right. Every little thing you hold the FBI, let me in your head and I'm not just there. No need to. As if I'm here too. Imagine that no place is on. Or more like millions of stupid people. Imagine that there's no time. I'm not just there. I'm not just there. I'm not just there. You're right. You're right. Yes. You're right. Aren't you in an ultra-volting pipeline? I need to look at those. I'm at the television at the center of age. You probably get to get your words really great. When the soldiers function attack, you get attacked by a man in the rack. As I compact it levelsroves when they swallow the ninjas gryah Some mio throat just keeps meлен they were.... it's just fantastic you want to go to jail I think I set up bloody hell in the head gonna land on the motorbike Bitch outta here James and I got post HR algorithm is your algorithm, they get wrong. HR algorithm is what's the key on these white people? Bye-bye, bye!