The Harry Jackacches is a hupper's goal to have items because you've got to crack its grip its just having to run up baby re very that gasание A bearity теперь Ah I can't you're a despicפlicim? Must eat and I'm disoboed If anything will be noticed Yaι Five Thank you, Fairy Dad, you've got your heavy Twenty past There's a character You! Yea C Oh You Yes You're daddy rules And now Tanking Player One To Bolt To Game To Note What'swhere's And Smels Aww fucker on the doołe, they can't get up in the為wus muewwe toys and that's so rich When you're on a fun bencho Happy Vangon Now ges me but I're rich For real, they can't welcome you Fugle 10.560 WQM. I'll tell you one thing old chicken I sure is AIDS since I saw my I said, if you see this picture on my space. Oh yeah, yeah, I'm not a better day. Wow. He looks like a cadaver, cadaver of himself, a rotting carcass. Here's a letter to the editor in yesterday's Toronto star. I could read a whole bunch of articles and stuff from, but I just from one newspaper. This letter, very short, right? And by the way, I already shut the affoon thing off so I'm not going to take any calls today. Right. Sorry. And by the way, we hope that Ron and the Shabba guy have a great life together. Okay. I understand they looked. Yes, I want to do make them a lot of oil is involved. The search rig with my sheen. Yeah, maybe just a good little economy would be good. All more liftschits, excuse me, who writes from Kingston on the territory of rights to the star. And the heading says, reject extremism on both sides. And this isn't regard to another letter that said, Erub youth taught the Tahit Jews. It says, this statement by David M. Sherman that is really youth are not taught to hate is erroneous and false. As in his really, I can say that Israel is played with a subtle yet systemic hatred for foreigners whether they be Arabs or Muslims or Jews from North Africa and Russia. His really living in his really debrate the cycle of hate fear and propaganda. We must reject extremism on our side too. That's what Omar Lishid says in Kingston Ontario, how do you like that? I still got Omar. He's something he has some recent. You think? Now, let me say that we got some good news right off the bat. And of course it's about Chris. Good job by Chris. Yeah. So, I'm Chris. We can considerably this morning after shifting course last night, sharply diminishing any eventual threats to South Florida. Right. For cancer said Chris could still hit Cuba. He does low Chris. If this term survived and if cancer survived, either way. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you know my saw last night. I give up. What the channel was it on? And by the way, A and E, they lost their minds. What is this new guy that got on there? The, um, I don't know. Oh, what the hell is his name? He's like some magician and he does all these weird, mystical. Because they go. Yeah. Well, where the hell did he come from? You're at us. We're good. Send him back. What is that with the tattoo with that ink show and all these other silly handshoes on any, you know, in between biography and, um, I guess some really good shows on there. You might actually learn something. Yeah. They want to actually solve some spots. They want actually having audience. Yeah. No. That's an unusual concept. I don't think we will again. And other we also anyway, I think was it on, uh, it was on MSNBC on the one guy to watch is that I bet you like some of those shows that have you ever seen him with John Siggins dollar where they have, um, some of that historical stuff. You know, about different, and especially death. What's that one, a dark angel, whatever that is, what have biographies of these murderers and stuff? I've seen some of them. Yeah. But anyway, last night was about the after the verdict in LA, the Rodney King cops. Remember the riots then? I have to be specific about which riots you're talking about when it comes to LA. And they showed a video footage of this insanity. And it was police chief gates, you know, impothin is usual doing nothing. And then at the meantime, they were dragging these white people. I'm especially that one woman. You remember that did you see that video? No. And they dragged her out of her car and just beat the living crap out of her, this mob of angry black folks in LA. And it's the same thing. No matter no matter what group of people you're talking about, it's the mob mentality. South Florida Green, Tooth Cubans or the young thunks around they're just parting in the streets. Right. Or the, you know, Israel first because I'm Jewish here across, or whatever it is, or O.J. is innocent because he was black and a racial thing in the Senate. It's just, it's, that's it. You got to lie above the herd. That's what I heard. Anyway, the dilemma is the future intensity of the cyclone getting back to Chris. Everybody likes Chris. Good for Chris. Yeah. I said forecast your lixion Avala of the National Hurricane Center in West Dade. It could reconfruith their and dissipate or could regain some strength. I'm in favor of weakening. Well, I'm too. I'm in favor of weakening. That's what Greg reads it before he left the station before he was made into our consultant. I'm sorry. He's in favor of weakening and he didn't help a job of that. I said, I'm Greg, you idiot. For he sure said this back, a ways to name. A little bit. He reminds me of what's going on in the world these days. Oh, there's Dr. Julie Gibberding. What else you on there for? Who? He's a appropriately and you basically say, he's a state of collapse. This is very dangerous and people need to recognize the signs and oh, she's talking about the heat. What do you get with it? Who cares about the heat? We only care about. Anyway, still his official forecast called for Chris or what is left of it to lymph almost due west and scrape the northern coast of Cuba early Sunday. The Florida Keys and Dave Caterman about me periphery of the three day but the laser forecast service, good news for the region. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Oh, right. And significantly diminished any potential danger. So the global as a public service, we just passed that long. Don't get all whipped up to a frenzy about Chris. Okay? All right. So we just mentioned the good news from around here. Again, like I always tried to do the beginning of it. We sure all are going to turn that phone thing. You're not selling on there. Don't even think of wasting your time. I just don't have time for that. Mmm. Oh, and of course, let me also say beside the fact that Castro will be dead one of these days. There's no such thing as global warming. Right. I was just reading about how poor bears in the Arctic are drowning now. Yes, they have you seen this and starving you know. Well, starving you have it because they can't get from one ice can have to another. They can't swim that far because they're so far apart. That's right. It was not lovely. So who do you know they're like the polar bears anyway? That's right. What do you do? You can work them to democracy. I say let's bomb them into democracy. That's way to do it. If you don't want democracy, we're going to bomb your ass. Or speak of that bombs exploded on a soccer field here. For this. In fact, I'm a soccer field killing 11 young people and at least 42 other people, two of them Americans died elsewhere in sectarian or political violence. Still the president says plans are on track for rackies to take over security. That's the president of Iraq. Not our president, such as it is. The two homemade bombs went off on a soccer field and the mostly Shiite district of Amel and my stack that killing both players and spectators ranging age from 15 to 25. While future terrorists no doubt, right? Of course, just like all those little kids in Lisbon on. Future terrorists, they had it coming. No question. Two mortar shells struck another Shiite district. Abu Dishir, killing three people under the age of 15. One child exploded on a soccer field and they had a house, loaning a couple in their child. And it goes on. And on two Americans died in combat and bar province. We're getting really close to 2600 and it won't be that far down the road that we get to 3000. Nice even number. What does it take? Well, while America sits back in a public is concerned about what is readjust really hosting that supernatural America's god talent. This is what America is worried about is watching people play poker on television playing cards. And here's a whole big song that ends about the extreme heat. There's no such thing as build the warming. It's a comedy-pink-o-fag or conspiracy. Just to embarrass big business. That's off. Just to mention their plans. There's Martha and Van Dillis. We had him on Tuesday with Dancing in the Street for Castro's death. And now we got heat wave for what's going on. All over here now. It's all done. It is. Rainlight, rainlight, light, light, light, light. Rainlight the end of the world. It puts them cold in a box and it turned it down. Okay. I'm absolutely going to be like 26. What's that? 79. 7 years. So step on Martha. I would never barely hear it. Let's go. I'm going to do the door to the door for me as to the end. I don't know how to do this. I can't, you know, just, well, what are you going to stop with this already? I'll never, what is strictly for women? You know, remember that bit we got the teenagers. Right here. Guys, I'll show you something just for girls. Remember that? Yeah. Oh, there it is. Dad, what are you doing in the ball ball? From the producers of the children comes another slice of real-life chair. We're having a fun day. We're having a fun day. We're having fun. But you made yourself. I'm so sorry. Good night kids. Remember to keep that staring on them. Okay. We promise. Well, you made me. Got somewhere between childhood and adultshood. And the only thing that's certain is, you know, you got a pair of all. It was to creamers. You thought you thought you were ready to take it as slumber party. Well, I thought that was just for girls. And he made sure. I show you something just for girls. When they go through human, you go through hell. The genius, the sheer. Now that's throwing a button on there, you know. That's a beautiful thing. Haven't played that a long time, you know what? I don't know. Do you hear that? I'm here. You're on your end. What's that? The drilling and the heavy construction? That's a new. Oh boy. I think they're coming through the floor. So you got drilling and heavy construction going in there. There's nothing going on here. Look out now. It's all the bad stuff is always on your end. You know, I'm a wrecked em. What is strictly for women, George Anson, yesterday? Oprah. 189. That was what I voted. You're having a way of picking out the awareness. Oprah. Yeah. 189. And what does that think she does? What is that? A big part when she starts wailing. You've never heard that? You know, I don't want to know. No, I don't want to read all, but on the promos, you see this craft where she just starts wailing. The second choice was the male member. That's the best way I can put it. 159. I would be different with that entirely. That's just ridiculous. I know you wouldn't. Yeah. Make up 95. Oh. Persons and bags. 66. Marriage 57. Dr. Phil 49. They times soap operas 48. I would tend to disagree there too. There's plenty of guys on the show. Yeah. They're just mostly in the class and in mostly. Yeah. Michael Bolton, 37. You've got to be. Yeah. He's a pro. Lying about your age or a wait 28. And that guy moves for it as 20. Guys at lab about both. What are gay? That's 10. No. Little doll is 27. I take a umberge with that. Gay. What about a mintine? Gay. What about poor little tiny? Gay. Gay. Letting your mate work and pay the bills 26. Cats 21. Oh yeah. So many new shows are magazines of which is only 600 of those shows on 18. Asking directions 12. We have most men are afraid that it, you know, it impinges on their masculinity if they answer. Right. It's an admission of so. You're going to have to totally lost and clue us in a real chance. I'll find it myself asking directions 12. Seconds are fortune tellers eight. How's Mickey and her great day into and by the way? Oh, she's fine. Self-I heard about cats and heres' plane? No, what about it? Self-help boat and seminars. A Brad Pitt six. Yeah. They can have them. Romantic comedy six and crying too. Well. Romantic cry. Romantic cry. Romantic cry. Romantic cry. Romantic cry. Romantic cry. Romantic cry. Oh, I see aeria says put really deep inside me. I got this blanket. It's really, really isn't it? Seriously? You know, it doesn't really. I feel awkward. I know that. And I said, you know, Don't give a glance You know, you know, yes, we got this kind of a different stuff. But no, others anymore. You know, we got this from the grand finale there. But why is that? If they had those intention can be really soft but like you did soon. You know, your damn smoke wouldn't bring all your life to the pottery or beer. The second thing is, go, a. St Blood. Brown. Mad Dog 4 to 6 30 and I have what about the Marlins I have not had did not see the score did they win again? They lost. Oh, geez. That makes him 7 500 yen. Isn't it? That's right. They were within 5 games that are ready for that wild card spot. You know, I don't watch any of the games but I do keep kind of tracking them. Yes, you do. That's pretty embarrassing. What a really mediocre horse ball league and an ancient league is. Marlins have that could 6 30 to Marlins in the mess. The third and final game in that serious at the park at 7.05 on the 80 Kaplan show. That's our award winning agenda. For today, they got the Moscow House of Brian Ambeccational. We're going to take a few Sanchezes on CNN in the morning so we just alert you. That's to be sure. It was just emotional watching interview those people that have resized today. All you people that are going to go back to Cuba have customized me every game chain and everybody weighs their hand. Oh, yeah, I can't wait to see that. I hope you're taking notes and making sure we don't want them to make liars out of themselves. Okay, see how fast they go running back. Oh, yeah. 10 14 already. We bring it with a hurricane a bit of the Lord even loves sea or Rogers. Yeah, what the hell was up when we're drinking? Did she lost her mind? What the hell was it? She's got everything she did to me She's got everything that I've got to tell She got the need to say that she's not a man Yeah And they just got something together and a man It's not that girl I'm gonna hide away Don't bother me, she'll be just real She's not in love with you, okay? You're sorry You're sorry You're not gay, you're not that way Don't leave the sinkers through the double Do I be gay, don't do not gay She can't help you say She's not a man of the LVG A She's not like a liar But it's the women's The fact she says gay, it's wrong Like good swear That's why they say That she lied to me I'm not sure which is a better indicator of the state of human race The fact that people are watching other people playing cards and television or the fact That millions and millions of Americans are mesmerized by Oprah Oh, that's a good question Yeah, that's a good poll question Which of these things? I mean, there can be other things under, of course We don't like those poll questions, but there's only one choice Like George Bush being a Budmaster 767, we'll have to learn a few of those What question bugs you the most? Thank you by the way Sean for some good polls That was your poll yesterday was a Sean poll Yes it was and I might poll today is a good one Thank you Sean Why did I be? 767 votes, what question bugs you the most? Can the World Survive George W. Bush 216? Does Ann Kohlber have a penis on 126? Is their life after death 97? Is their life another planet 72? Where is Osama 71? Who kills AFK 62? Is there a god? 60 there is only Damn god! Who killed Kock Robin 28? That's what I vote Who sent the answer X24? Well that's really ironic because you got Fanny and Hermongering Rumswell testified before the Senate right now You know, Rumswell who said, damn sure I'm right And by the way, how are we doing? Do we have another person of interest in that case? Yeah Who stole the Kishka? Got eight and who are I wonder who wrote the book a lot of his got three? There's lies to my addition zero if he asked him to the pool Who did write the book a lot? I wonder Oh and stick to that what a good segue And unless maybe this function is something important but I doubt it Nope Oh, oh God two pages Let's see could you please let library it later again Okay Oh no we're not putting that on I don't think that was him I think it's a shot Oh Well I've OIC Library it later again this is a jambaguy Oh jambaguy Jambag? Yeah crazy person Okay, we didn't put that on her There's the monotones baby No, no, no Recruit after George is hard Monotone You know what it says and Wikipedia about you monotone Yeah, they monotone this I did Oh, here you are And then here's another one that says what bugs me the most what really happened on 9-11 Well and you ought to be reading those things on our website today Everybody ought to be reading it's much too long for me to read the first story on there Although that's the stuff from vanity fair Which will save you the money from going on by the magazine which is not until the eighth anyway 9-11 live the Norad tapes by Michael Bruner But more important than that which I am going to read no red tapes only intensify the implausibility of non-ledinorefacial story which is nearly as long and it's just it's Yeah And I see what it says how deep was the government involvement also Google America freedom to fascism There's a 15 minute trailer for the movie No, okay Thank you I'll set that over there in my to do pile But you know what the most important story in the world is now we're adding those on there What we have on our who's really behind 9-11 It's already on you Oh, all of you serious The most important story of the day I'll give you a little musical clue you ready Right Okay, so can be a clue Yeah, London a guard dog has ripped apart a collection of rare teddy bears Including one once owned by Elvis Presley Oh my god During a rampage of the children's museum He just went for silk Maybe didn't like Elvis if he was possible a lot of people don't like Elvis like you he just went for a search to Daniel Midley I wonder if he was kind to build medley of the righteous brothers and I see the one at daughter was at Bobby headfield I don't know and what her Bobby headfield is waiting to butt headfield the harness driver and trainer of fine traitors He just went for search to Daniel Midley general manager the weekly whole caves near Wells England Oh, that's well well well Where hundreds of bears were chewed up to Zunip by the six-year old doberman pinch your name Barney Shame on you Barney During the attack During the attack Barney ripped the head off a brown stuff fair once owned by the unfricely Leaving fluffy stuffing what was that the slutters brothers comedy hour open Leaving fluffy stuffing and bits of bear oh, I love fluffy stuffing and bits of bears limbs and heads on the floor of the museum the bear named Mabel Was made in 1909 by the German manufacturer's stifle Mabel black label a much-in-a-vice of those TV commercials did you know Mabel black label. I think that was a Midwestern beer black label wasn't I think Cincinnati. I could be wrong I'll go ask some Irish word No, it's not not Irishman in Cincinnati. They're bunch of rednix the collection bed in more than a hundred thousand dollars included a red bear made by Farnell in 1910 And a Bobby Bruin bear made by Mary thought in 1936 while Mary thought it would last forever, but it didn't The bear with Elvis connections was owned by English aristocrat Benjamin Slade who bought it in the LSC this story is lacking in one thing He spent he paid 75 grand for it So they did the shorts But an Elvis member video auction in Memphis Tennessee and had learned it to the museum loaned it to the museum well I'd like I've always told people don't loan me anything because you'll never get it back People don't need books and music or movies Yeah, by the way, have I seen the shark tank redemption yet? No, how about sinless life? No, I've spoken to the bears over and he's not very pleased at all. I mean, he's pissed off 75 grand for a teddy bear Once owned by Elvis first of all, I think he got what he deserved, you know? Yeah, just like Fiddell is going to get what he deserves Of course he's 80 years old, you know? I think most people will be pretty Most people are pretty satisfied to live to 80 in pretty decent health unless of course they're 79 I show an expert him fallen on his ass again remember when he walked up his room Oh, I don't know if he passed out, but I like him when we fell on his ass Absolutely Steppy dresser though, you've got to admit that who's the snappiest dresser? Neal Rogers the Pope Orphanel Castro 784 hosts, we're going to make a thousand again today Oh my god, on the third of August when there is nobody in town, at least that's the word I'm getting There is nobody around, if I'm wrong about that, it was just so pretty bacon Pretty slim, I would think pretty slim pickins because the kids are going back to school pretty soon Which I can't I can't believe that How's that possible? Tempestine baby huh? Time flies No, it used to be what I went to school, and I'm sure when you did like the week after Labor Day we went back to school We had a nice long meaningful summer vacation Hmm, but I just don't get it, we need to do away with it So everybody's gone, 785 hosts, what question votes you the most? Let's see, will I ever get late again one and what really happened on the night level And who worked at Booka loves got to go? Who stole a kiss because I ten I wish I could find that So I'm capital record, remember that, I don't know who did it I guess Booka, Booka chicken that could find out, I'll go look for it Old cadaver Brian, I'll go find it You and Greg, if you find who stole the kiss, that'll be one of the great miracles of all time Even I would be impressed Sounds like a relage Yeah, and too bad about that village, Delhi being closed down, you know But you could have them bring in some good kiss and honor me a song with gravy Those are the days, baby, the villa, Delhi, on Alt & Rotemime Beach, oh boy those are the days You can't go back and you can't sit down, that's what the full-up church in the dove also You can't sit down, now that's on your collection by the way Oh my god I can't get it, I can't get it, tell me, yeah, what's on it I think it will all on steroids, yeah, it makes them think it's gravy I know I speak on the example all sportals I say in the square, the better The actuality, seven, college, and the middle east, and on a duel but so kiss It's not a sports related matter, right? Clearance, clear? To say, I mean 15, 23 and 9, 11, I'm proud to say that I was right here I'm the ear, keeping all of you updated on the horrory pain Besides your damage after the very time to say, even worse than what happened to Ward Bonds Or getting in the US Bonds, here in those games Bonds, wow In his case, can you come back though? How's come the real call they show? I'm the Harry Geno, despite my love hate relationship with Mo. Full of Mo, at least he ain't got no one renounced the feed What thing does family ain't got nothing to do with it? Would you sell? I don't think I'm as my sleeping. I can leave him alone too You know what I'm out of team? Alright, knock it off,伙s sir I'm out of team I don't like nobody make it, put on my family's, see? Oh yeah, funny people, that's all those people out of the zoo What are you, huh? And I'm out of team Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no It's half an innocent What? You really have a time I get excited. It's like the Hulk you know. Hustard and Ronald. It's Mr. Hill Open. Ow. What the hell are you doing? Hey, you're Mr. Hill Open. Hustard and Ronald. Hustard and Ronald. Hustard and Ronald. You're maybe daddy. I know. At least stop now. It's time for me to walk away slowly. And very sadly. Very sad. It's a good word. Don't don't don't don't don't. Eight hundred and four of us on a pool. Why would you impress by that? Why didn't you hear this story? You may think that this is not a story. We need air-worthy. Especially on a high-pressure like this. But when I get to the last paragraph, then it'll redeem the whole story. All right. From St. Peter'sburg of all places. What's his facts? Anything good? That's a good word. The word they grab your dice. That's a good word. Who let the dogs out? And that's good. The Baham and they say a mentally-adverse man. Who let the dogs out? Got it? Got it. What are all these other facts is coming? Just crowds. This is supposed to be a joke. Ah, yes, it is. Ah, okay. The second fact is a long imponderous. Let's see. Today is my birthday says this facts. You're a lot of facts that's coming in today, which is amazing because there's nobody in town, but we will play it for our Jonathan plantation. Says you guys rock. Thanks for making my summer spending a toilet. A little bit easier to get through. Well, happy birthday to you, John Plantation. But a horrible place to be. Anyway, St. Peter'sburg of all men and her roommate were charged with starving the woman's nine-year-old daughter who weighed less than 42 pounds when she was removed from their apartment 30-7. The operative line is grotesque as the story is the operative line there is roommate. Okay. Keep that in mind. Well, Melissa Samarage, 27-the-grows mother and Raymond Lefonton, 31, were arrested yesterday in charge of aggravated child abuse. The girls waited for a third making her so-maciated that her spine and ribcage were showing when St. Child welfare officials took her on the 30th of June police said. You're also suffered other abuse police, since she had her hands bound behind her with a white cord, was locked in a bathroom all day and forced to wear a diaper that went unchanged for hours. She told police it was a form of punishment for bad behavior. It's a very disturbing case police to take a dough to Lucas, so you see very few like this, thanks God. Lefonton's mother was visiting the couple in the girl when she was taken aback by the girl's physical appearance and reported to Lucas and it isn't here how long he alleged to be going on, alleged abuse. Now maybe she was just skinny, you know? The girl currently lives with her grandparents in citrus counties again about 25 pounds in a month. She's doing well now. Aren't you happy? I am. Now her comes a good part. Samarage and Lefonton when a Penelas County jailed- today, each held on $50,000 a bun, the Lucas said they did not address the allegations when they were arrested yesterday. She all were considered the king if they had lawyers. Now her comes a good part. I'm all stoked. Lefonton was originally described by police and Samarage's live in boyfriend, but his gender classification at the jail was changed from male to female following a routine script search. Ah, ah. She's not a member of a heterosexual person. Ha ha ha ha ha. Cool ah. How do you like that? Huh? Yeah. A little more there than meets the aisle. That surprised. Speaking of the female persuasion, let's get to money to Castro now. By the way, some bad news for all you people, a little premature evaluation, they're all I will say this because, you know, the Cuban government lies like crazy and they don't tell anybody anything. The fact that even admitted that he had an operation in here in intestinal bleeding indicates maybe he ain't going to be around too long. By the way, can you raise your anybody pass out and swoo over here? It's because of the poison gas that were pumping into the air conditioning. Are they really? I don't know if it's part of construction or what, but that like petroleum fumes. But there's kind of liisa and a crazy ouwa, a diet. Even food. And it says failed diplomacy question mark? No, talk about massage of underseminity. Certainly not news. Let the diplomacy be alright. Can't complain about the US involvement there. What were you doing because they're not doing anything? There are other the Russian democrats always bunk the busker bombs. And given me the old Green light. Oh, there is one of them schmati heads that saw it all flies away from us through Saudi Arabia. more problems. But it would be, but it would be, but about, yeah, so many problems he says, leave us alone with our oil and our money. Padell Castro is still very sick, but no longer an intensive care and he's expected to recover and take back the Reigns of Cuba. He's just a one-eater, say, yesterday, while Ricky Tickie's hand says we're stuffing around with the Versailles, showing microphones that everybody's face, they're all going to hell with the Dail and they were going like that. And by the way, we hate you, rightly said. You know what I'm saying? And that he did that thing. And show a hand. Everybody who's going back to Cuba, if democracy takes over, if we have a regime change, and everybody's hand went up. Just think of the implications for that. Okay, first of all, if all the right wing Cubans went back to Cuba, the political landscape in South Florida would change dramatically overnight. Right. I just mentioned that in passing. Plus, maybe we could bring some of the good delies back, speaking of the Philadelphia. So, Castro, my big, but Cubans television reported Tuesday, the Cubulator was in good spirits, but his hospitalization is endless for a dead-you-dispeculation. Some saying that Castro was on his deathbed, others saying that he's already dead. There's a lot of rumors out there in the street. Remember that in the Godfather? And say, you've been all been out of shape with commenza? But one need to Castro said her brother is doing better and she expects that it rolls executive appointment will be temporary. He's very sick but he's not dead. He's very sick but he is left the ICU. I see what she said. Anyway, look into the tumultuous of him talking to her extensions. She hasn't spoken to Castro since 1963, the year before she immigrated to Miami, but one need to Castro said information about her brother is accurate. I have my way to know everything, not everything but some very important things she said. Rumors about Philadelphia, Castro has demise prompted many in Miami, a home to thousands of Cuban ex-tacriots to take to the streets in celebration, a display wanted to Castro found this faithful she said. I'm very disappointed she says it's not necessary to make this administration. And by the way, this business about we're not Cuban Americans, we're not Americans, we're exiles that whole exalito thing and it's just to make some new one again. Like, those are the ones going back. No, those are the ones and when they want to, we're not going back and I fact I know nobody's time to start right now because a lot of those people are very old. So why wait? You know, I put it off. 1-810 Petal Castro raised him, IDI, he said that in the 60s and 70s, she often criticized her brother over the 1000 of the political prisoners and Cuban jails for what she called, general subversion by Cuba throughout Latin America or or what she called, well, whatever. In October, 1968, 16 is after she left Cuba, nine years after the revolution that put it all in power, 1-810 Petal Castro took to the Miami airways and denounced her brother's government as a bankrupt absolutist tyranny. Though she still upholds this older brother's politics when he passed away, said she's concerned about him. The blood is very strong. She said he's my brother, I'm worried that he's suffering as two brothers and four sisters. I've been saying that about a burned dead Castro on her sofa. But there is that fat cheek John McCain or phony bastard with the English body and with the executive in your body. Okay? God is punishing you for being a two-faced phony of who you're looking at you. So you're ready for what you got on the pole. 8-8-8, is that's Mr. Lequista? Yes. Why now then you find that? I've just walked it from the air. Wow. I went on wine and I find it and I made it mine. Oh, I can't believe that I haven't heard of it, but I haven't been here. Who stole the skin? I have her dead and ever. Take my fine to the bossy. You can take my video me. Put in the back my touch God. Who stole the skin? Who stole the skin? Who stole the skin? Who stole the skin? I don't know. I just bring it back. Okay. 825 votes on the pole. What question? But you the most? Can the world survive George W. Bush? 226 downfall? Do you guys we got two and a half more years of this insanity going on? Yeah. Does that end course with that very strong and powerful democratic party? That's a powerful, powerful, and powerful. Keeping him in check in line. Does that cool ever have a penis on 31? We already know the answer that. A big Adam's apple at a, is there like that to death 99? Is there like, I'm other planet 78? I also want to add on there is there intelligent life on earth. Okay. Could, could, could, could, could, could, could. That on there. Where is Osomma 76? Where is Osomma, Yamama? Is there a God 65? Who killed JFK 65? Who killed Tom Kravat 29? Who sent the answer to X28? Who stole the history of 14? That's going to go up after they heard that family of the son. Who did that again now? Oh, it didn't say anything. Oh, out the research. Who let the dogs out for? What we really have an online love and for? Who wrote the book a law for and will I ever get laid again? So when I take those. This is Neil Rodgers one of the 16th Tom McIpe. Jimmy Carter is looking for a miracle for a former president is trying to push, push in Bosnia. He looks like a guy. He's having speed rise. He makes me want to push rise. I took with a dick. I took with a dick. I'll float it and I'll sleep at it. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. He wants a beauty as he stopped with using everything learned as he sounds like this but we find that amusing from that self-remoting ugly thing. So who do you think how much were you playing? How much were you playing for a magnetist day? How much was your life in church? That lit stage. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Just kidding. You say you're a fool. You've had a thought you're so pretty. You're really not drudged on the thread. You're a fool. The reason I played that is because I'm thinking of not just like that Lucien Goldberg and Katherine Harris. You hear about her playing by the way? No, what about it? Blade. Tom Delade. More bad news for Katherine Harris. In fact, I have another Katherine Harris story in my huge pile here later on today. How come you're so noisy these days? You'll cause I feel like it. I don't like that. I'll hear you go. I might as well do a two for honest. You want a two for? Okay. Well first this just in in battle. You are Senate candidate. Katherine Harris's fourth campaign manager Brian Rudnik. Not to be confused with Rudnik. Brian Rudnik was accused of petition fraud while working for Massachusetts citizens for marriage. So they should have ruled call reports. The organization was found into counter the success of lesbian and gay couples and saw signatures for a petition to force a statewide vote on a mending the state's constitution. The restrict marriage to one man and one woman. Citizens for marriage was accused during the petition process of using baton switchback as switchback and which petition signers were approached to sign popular petitions and then tricked into signing this petition supporting the effort to face marriage equality on a state's ballot. Oh my god. She just surrendered by court say everywhere. Must this be a bad stringer lock? I don't think that's what it is. That's it. It must be Satan. Oh no. Don't tell me I'm going to have to like reprint this story. I hate that when I write a hand margin. Chop. Oh boy. Oh no. Maybe I could have taken nothing. Not the story. The one by Robert Fist. And Tara Lebany's family killed him is really attack on hospital. And I saw might. Before I get to the other camp in herresting. And attack on a hospital. The killing of an entire Lebany's family. The seizure of five men involved back in the new civilian death toll. Forward 68 men moon and children. Oh that's not even close. It's like 900 now. Where does he get in his story? I don't know. It worked the 22nd day of his reals latest war on Lebanon. The Israelis claimed that helicopter-born soldiers had seized senior headbullar leaders all the one to turn off to be a local, ballback grocer. In a village near the city, Israeli airstarts killed the local mayor's son and brother and five children in their family. I just went to an house have to worry about the margin there. Okay. Okay. But just mention that in passing. There's money to cash. This is 30 strong feelings. Very strong feelings. What she said. Oh, make fun of a raxon now. You're starting to pick on those kids. You already lost the Jews. The Farbistina and I are going to lose the professional exileos. And of course, you already talked about those riots in LA. So the Dark Force is starting to turn on you again. Who are you going to have left? He says a few games. Queens. Well, let's insult them next. It's unfortunate that after receiving a federal grand jurist of pain, it represented Catherine Harris, the client that mentioned it to her Senate campaign staff. But in a peer she also declined to share with the speaker of the House and That's a violation of House rules. As we've seen most recently in the case of representative Bob Ney, Republican of Ohio's heavy handed subpoena office. Any representative or staffer receiving a subpoena, concerning any work related issue must disclose it and an announcement that subsequently published in the congressional market is called House Rule 8 and it cited in just about every disclosure. The other search of the record turns up no mention of a subpoena for Harris. The rule is pretty clear and your hermany Washington DC lawyer Defends lawyer who specializes in congressional ethics and investigation said, I don't think this is a close question. She got submitted to investigating its robberation of disclosed the matter to the House leadership. If Harris indeed violated rule 8, she likely faces a more lay slap on the wrist. Violations of House rules are handled by the House ethics committee, which hasn't shown any compulsive and too much enforcing of anything at any time. So we're going to slap on a wrist like this like that and that'll be in the back. What are we going to be a Hawkenous Castro sister story that is wanting to cast her thing and there's that fat Orlando Alzacquiri from my mime again. She ended up here in Miami to the rea. What's that guy's name? I don't know what his name is. I don't know. Our mom will say you're all alone. Anyway, I'm sure you must update the disc as I told you. I was breathlessly waiting for the outcome of the Kansas primary election. No, I didn't mention it. Well, why not? What is wrong with you, man? You're not doing your homework. No. You're busy playing stupid songs like who stole Laquishka? No question. Break combo, by the way. Who? Break the combo. No. Okay. Do you tell me that's who did the song who stole Laquishka? What came up on the Google? No. Over and over. No. Break the combo? The break combo. Uh, we'll see. I'll check in with. Conservative Republicans who approve new classroom standards that call evolution in the question lost control of the state board of education in Kansas and Tuesday's primary election. A victory by pro-evolution Republican candidate Janice Shavor. Over Conservative Republican Brad Patsur, who supported the standard treating evolution as a flawed theory, meant conservatives would best have five offends seats on the board. Five seats were for less than the primary. The latest grimacesci sawing vat'll be between faith and science that's open up Kansas to international ridicule and rightfully so by the way, there's certainly so. Conservative Republican John Bacon kept to see by besting two pro-evolution challenges, but chambers wins but to make up of the board between evolution and supporters and opponents. She would want to see that was vacant because the Conservative Republican evolution of Puerto Walsh retiring. The Saturday was time to retire. Besides vacant and chambers races, the seats of two Conservative Republicans will pose a evolution mark for grabs along with that of a democratic favor. The make-along story short. Good news for the roundersers for a change in Kansas. Of course, who now cares about Kansas anyway, right? Right. Was it build a lot of embarrassing between Kansas and South Carolina, the grayish estate? 857 votes on that poll will make that thousand easy before noon. If I'm lying, you're dying. I might not be for noon, but we will make it. What question bugs you the most? Can the World Survive George W. Bush to order in 32? The Santa Coder have a we we, 134. Is there life after death 101? Is there life on other planets 78? I don't want to say penis again. Where is Oshama? 77? Who killed JFK 69? Is there a God 65? Who killed cockroach 29? Who sent the answer as 28? And who's still the kishka 14? Who sent the answer as kishka here and already? To the church. Who's still the kishka? Who sent the answer? I love it. What we really have it on 1110? Who let the dogs out? Scott E. Well, I ever get late again, 7. Is there intelligent life on earth five? You just put that on there. It's already got five. And based on all the things that we see going on right now and all the grotesque mayhem and murder and bloodshed, I would say it's not easy to find it. And the intelligent life either. And who wrote the book? It loves only God four. You don't want to. They don't like that song because it's kind of monotone. Oh, cute. That's a good song. What do you already played a little bit of it? Yes. It is my not. I don't want to put the pressure on for you to play it again. Not Frankie Ankevake wasn't. Well, and that's it. Okay. Frankie Yankevake, the Polka King, did who's still the kishka? I told you. All right. That's how the one I see you were playing. I'm bored. One person did it apparently and so various names are coming up. Wow. What does that tell you? Who's still the kishka's a fabulous big hit? Big fat boo-be hit. I mean, yes, I do. I remember what they were saying too. That was right back. Yeah. That was rubber dubal. I know it was an network. I mean, every great line see different from the godfather network or a feso. Oh, they got to be honest. The very few lines as good as. Do you hate the only? Yeah. For Ant Vancroft, she's dead. She's still dead. That's the bad news. She was great. She would just love her. You know. Now she's dead. 1056 and of course that loving god, you know, that loving god who created man in his own image. You know, let's see, man created god in his image. That's the problem. All you could do out there before he go back to school to school. That's the one thing you ought to learn. His man created god in his own image. That's why he's brutal and barbaric. And again, his own image. Not women. Women are like, you know, and I've just used him in the views him and losing. Good advice. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Good work, my ex-genetic, you're rating good diet. And how? Well, I don't want to show you what I think ass and I wish to hear it. And how? Let them give advice. Somebody put it up for so my baby man? It's amazing. And you're counting on two. Right now, cheers. I love to be coming back. I'm excited. Considering that we're the big, come to red. And you want to know what will save you from shut that transmitted to that hungry? Why not be me? You'll want all you be in your own. I'm so happy to find all you need is no. And I'm so happy to find all you need is no. No, I'm so proud. I'm so proud of you. I think they're all turned flat, only that you're the guy. Right now, I'm rating that part of doubt in this case. I'm going to have a re-loving dog with a gay and a little more. And we do. All you need is power. Now take it. All you need is power. And you need to bring all you need is no. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. You're going to have to fight the way up. Are you going to do that? I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. He's level two and five, 60, nobody's here. And we got that coming up at two. Oh yeah. He really kicked him serious action. I spring booked the guilty mice to be between two and four. We could have run transmittment and so is two. I received a lot of juice. Third of Americans, the spec 9-11 government conspiracy. Oh my goodness. Don't tell me Americans are becoming central and starting to face the truth. Are they going to be bad? See, boy, you're sure send me some, see. I asked them if I ready one, two days after your show. And heard the first segment of both campers. He sounded extremely jealous. He had managed when to dinner with a president of Joe Stonecraft. Oh my god. I heard that only 14 people went including mad dog in his life. So obviously, Bo Kemper was not going to be invited. Perhaps you can ask, man, it's why he went when he started doing cross over Seymour. I'm not doing a cross over with anybody. Okay, cross, cross over. We're not going to be doing that whoever wrote this city out of crap. Also, it says. Oh, this is amusing. Yes. Quite. I saw the very jackass story on Saturday about W.K. I'm looking to team Kenny Walker with Orlando Alcacrier. Or Bo Kemper to replace Hank Goldberg in the morning. Why are you letting them get away with this again? Why am I letting them get away with this? Like, I got something to say about it. Oh, brother. Yeah, it's the Seymour crap, man. I get a breathless call from Joe Bell after he got his lobotomy finished. And he's given me all this information. You know, like it's on a QT and don't put this on here. And the Seymour's always. And then the next day it's in the newspaper. This has always been a way. It's been don't breathe a breath of the sound of the year. You know, and then the next day it's in very jackass column in the hero. Every syncontometer is Greg Reed or Joe Bell. And then this is the way they program the radio station. Why are you letting them get away with this again? What are they going to learn there lesson? You're going to learn there lesson? You're going to the damn sports programming. Well, that's a good question. Okay, I see the fine finger of clearance in this. You know what I mean? I've done. Also, I was wondering if he's on the news to rip off the Charlie Christie. Charlie Christie, and if you want Jim to feed these radio show, Chris said that gay civil unions are fine. And they hadn't decided on gay families being able to adopt. I didn't even know Jim to feed he had a radio show. We had some kind of a veiled reference to that on Tuesday. Some facts where they didn't want to come out and say it. That gigantic enormous Jim to feed us. All of the places, hundred pounds soaking wet. And, you know, Charlie Christie is, Yeah, I know that for a fact. You know, there's no question about it. How come, by they didn't put that right out there in a radio? There's nothing, nothing, there's anything wrong with that. But if he's going to be a Republican queen running for office, I think that's the right wingers and the Bible's numbers and thought out a no about that before they go and cast a ballot. Don't you think that's a good idea? Hey Charlie, you're fairies. Now, can I get back to this please? Why did I, how do I let them get away with this again? I thought it was great. Yeah. See, this is this audience out there. Many people are delusional. Like I told you, the checks show up on time. They clear like clockwork, no part they show up early. Most of the time, not because I've got them trained. And then that's it. And I should also put out here that today, Starting with this past Tuesday show, which was a great show by the way. Thank you. Starting with that day, today is the only show I'm going to be doing in 13 days. Wow. Now, that's how I counted today's rating out there. Well, the schedule like this and kind of money they're paying me. I give it crap with people. I don't care what they put on. They can have a nauseous school in the corner in the morning, singing his Hebrew Master again. I don't care what they'll do. His bar mitzkel Master. 890 votes, 89, but it's like Tuesday all over again. Remember that? We got to WLS Chicago. By the way, start peeing over there, blah, blah. I was being lasted as blogged in this morning. He's trying to fill up that jug. And he keeps it in the refrigerator. I don't want to go in there. I should. Ha ha ha. Oh, boy. 3rd of Americans suspect 911 government conspiracy. This is according to the latest ZLSC. Flashback, Zagbipul, is on here to over 70 million American adults supporting new 911 investigation. More than a 3rd of the American public suspects that federal officials assisted in the 911 terrorist attacks or took no action to stop them. So the US could go to war in the Middle East according to a new script's Howard O'Hawy University pool. Ready for that? More than a 3rd. The National Survey of District worth $1,000 also found that anger against the federal government is at record levels with 54 percent same they personally are more angry at the government than they used to be. Whenever you still like him very much, but now we're really peowed. widespread resuming an alienation toward the National government appears to be fueling a growing of substance of conspiracy theories about the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon. Suspitions that the 911 attacks were an inside job that come in a phrase used by conspiracy theorists on the internet, quickly become nearly as popular as decades old conspiracy theories that the federal government would be responsible for JFK's assassination and that it has covered a proof of space aliens. Maybe that's why the abolish kept the check in the mouth. What is that there? 70 percent of people who give credence to these theories. Oh, credence. Let's play CCR. What do you say? Come on. Yeah. Pete Bulger half. Oh, please don't. 70 percent of people who give credence to these theories also say they're become anger with a federal government than they used to be. 36 percent of respondents have also been very likely or somewhat likely that federal officials either participated in the attacks on the World Trade Center in Pentagon or took no action to stop them because they wanted the West to go to war in the Middle East. War in the Middle East. Look at the great job we're doing undervening right now and bringing peace and tranquility. Not. Marcus said, on his more crap from Israel. Single has full of rocket. He just promised he is ready to be able to make sure that the head full of was not going to be a threat on the northern Israeli border. But obviously, at least point, head full of is still very much a threat. This is not some of people being killed. Yeah, they tried this for 18 years. Been more too well, but I'm sure they're going to get an all taken care right now until this weekend when they said, oh well. We're getting through the peacekeeping force. You know, it's how everybody is volunteering real fast to send their people in there. Oh yeah. 21 more dead in Afghanistan, by the way, a suicide bombing, including another Canadian A. A quarter. One out of three sounds high, but they're very well maybe right to Lee Hamilton, former vice chairman of the National Commission on Terrorist attacks upon the US. Also called the 9-11 Commission. His congressionally-appointed investigation concluded that federal officials Bungle their attempts to prevent but did not participate in the attacks by all kind of five years ago. A lot of people I've encountered believe the US government was involved, Hamilton said, many say the government planned the whole thing. Of course, we don't think the evidence leads that way at all he said. The poll also found that 16% of Americans speculate that secretly planted explosives, not burning past urges, were the real reason to massive 20,000 world trade center collapsed. And what about that building on the tower number seven? Shut up, County. No. Conspiracy groups for at least two years have also questioned why the world trade center collapsed when fires that heavily damaged similar South Grail as skyscrapers around the world did not cause such destruction. 16% said it's very likely or somewhat likely that the collapse of the 20,000 in the York was added, 8 by explosives, secretly planted in the two buildings. 12% suspected Pentagon was struck by a military cruise missile in 2001, rather than by an airliner captured by terrorists. That lower percentage may result from an effort by the conservative Washington Bay through this so much advocacy group to debunk the claim. The group filed claims upon the under the Freedom of Information. I've got two filled loops released in Pentagon security cameras. Some people claim they can't see anything, but I see a plane hitting the Pentagon on an incredibly high speed, said you'd be so watched President Tom Fitten. I see the nose of the plane clearly entering the frame of one video on the tail of the planet, and then we're depending on the other video. You must have better eye-cells than I got. That's right, by an exhibition man, right. Many conspiracy websites that posted the video looks and report the films are inconclusive or manipulated by the government. University of Florida law professor Mark Finster, author of the book conspiracy theory, secrecy and power in American culture, said the polls findings reflect public anger at an unpopular Iraq war. Realization at Sotomayon said did not have weapons of mass destruction and growing doubts in the veracity of abortion administration. Oh yeah, they're like the Greg Reeder politics. What is amazed me is not that there are conspiracy theories, but that they didn't seem to be getting any purchase among the American public until last year, so Finster said, Finster, although the Iraq war was not directly related to the 9-11 attacks, people are not looking back and I live with much more skepticism than they used it. And I got that story by Paul Joseph Watson, nor abtaped only intensify impossibility of the 9-11 official story. I think I mean, I may read the whole thing. They take me a while, you know what? To bed. That's it, you got it, to bed. I'm on my pointed rounds man. How's the Castro doing? 896 votes by the time we finished the break, we'll have over 12 hundred. Aren't you proud me over 900? I'm proud. 897. Who wrote the book a lot, but still in last place? Who did write the book a lot? I wonder. Wonder wonder who it will be who? Maybe Larry Doby wrote the book a lot. And then with their saying in that song, it's kind of like the Kingsman. Yeah, listen to the lyrics. Kind of like Louis Vuitton. Listen to the lyrics very carefully, it's like some kind of a comedy's kind of a plot. That's good song. But that's that do-up thing, you know? How is the do-up shop coming around magic? That's called, what was that hammer and rip him in an asked? The do-up shop. Who was the guy that was on that show that could bug him this all the time to rip Bob Hamilton on here? Oh, I forget. We don't care about any of that crap. Paul, we know his that rookie tickiest still alive, he's still kicking ass and we like him a lot. And his calf still smells like hell. That's a good rookie tickie. As in Rick Shaw, as opposed to the evil rookie tickie was on CNN this morning. It's alive, I am not, I'm not saying- Yeah, we believe it. Get rid of the camp. You. Yeah. Tassling prices were especially good. Resolored the gallon by the start of the summer, but guess what? If you're one of the people queuing at the prices you've seen now, just wait, search for the price you've seen. You're a bad man. And six to seven. Nineteen sixty-seven's most exciting program, Concentrate. She's got some fuel at the pump with her dying. They'll another fantastic concept. The second thing to be for now is the summer. Now I can't afford it. It's really feeling more. Well, actually driving was less than a dollar a gallon now. Oh, this is crazy. I can't afford it. I can't afford it. My eyes. Three, nine, two, one. Go. For where'd you live? Come here. Oh, crap. I can't do it. I know. We'll try many more. Till the five years small. You have to wonder what's going to happen next year. Are we going to be talking about five dollars a gallon? Uh-huh. 11. 17. If five sixty a pass, what it takes to keep those redheads pass a bite over there in Saudi Arabia and whatever else. And you bet five dollars, six dollar. Nine, whatever you they want. Right? Right. So people keep paying it. That's the best part. Don't blame you for any of it. I don't thrive. Nine hundred eight votes on the pool. We'll have that thousand by noon. I have a feeling in number. Maybe by twelve thirty. What do you think? About thirty men. Yeah, give us a little extra slack in there because there's nobody in town. There's nobody around. Plus like I said, we've alienated the every group in it. Except the Jamaicans. I want to cut off your contacts. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Jim Kick couldn't believe he was invited to have dinner Sunday night with President George Bush. The former dolphin star was also surprised to find out after where the current court Nick Saban had an invitation and turned it down. Always like that Nick Saban a lot. Maybe it's the Michigan State Factory. I think that's it. Must be. No, it's the fact he turned down Bush for dinner. It's invited you. Otis, sworey. We have a full fledged insurgency and full blown sectarian conflict. Oh, boy, I got a line for that on me, but I'm not going to say yeah, yeah, careful. The former dolphin star was surprised to find out. In all honesty, it's certainly history-wise, but I find it hard to imagine turning down the president Kick said. It's only, it only probably happens once the lifetime in schedules can be re-arranged, but at this particular time I guess football is more important. I certainly can't condemn him. I certainly don't think I would have done something like that, but I'm not a head coach, and I'm not in charge of a lot of football players. So Jim Kick. He's kicking it old style. Kick was one of four former dolphins of my dinner with your president, Joe's stone crab. Golf in quarterback Dan Marino, say that, say that isn't so Danny Boy, say that isn't so you idiot, you quizzing, you, uh, you're fairie. You joke or look alike. Dan Marino was on, handle our with Nick Bonacani, and Jim Mandage. Oh, rock. Who brought their wives? The dinner party with total 14 also included in the Garcia and Fennast Governor Jeff Bush, who probably eight and eight and eight and filled his fat ugly nasty face until he practically swooned and called off the chair. I was waiting for that. So I had lasted from 7 pm until between 9.30 and 10, with the menu consisting of frozen stone crabs, which it's not even a season for them, a last-game crab legs and steak. The president said, bring everything you got, kick we call. There was even birthday kick in, of course, of happy birthday for Mandage, prompting kick to tell the former dolphin tide, and he should take the president and governor for coming to his birthday dinner. Ha ha ha ha ha. It was a pretty wild feeling kick said, knowing you're sitting down and having dinner with the most powerful person in the most powerful country. It's something, and all honesty we had a great time, we just talked about sports and very little politics. Usually you pay 20 grand, you can't get with 100 yards of the president to speak to him. It was something special for all of us, I'm sure he said. Oh, brother. You know what this is, you know, the term for this lack of self-respect. That's the term I would use for this whole story here. What is this in Florida today? Sabin, who had flown in a guest speaker to talk that often is on Sunday night, said it was a tough decision to turn down the president, but felt it was his obligation to be with the team. Also, rumour has it, by the way, he's a Democrat. How does kick think his former coach Don Chilow did react to the invitation like that? And honestly, I don't think he would think he wouldn't have said no kick said. And that'd great the way that it phrased it. I would think he wouldn't have said no. I think we would have rearranged things and made a possible frame to be there. I can't speak for him, I can only speak for myself. How do you like that? And sure. Yeah, and speak of that. Yeah. How come they didn't invite the brainstorm? I mean, why didn't have to be the current coach, he could make it. Why couldn't he have to fill in there? I got luck for something else to do. Oh, I'll take it. I must be it. Brainstead didn't show off. Wouldn't invite it. Here's some good news. Most of those only good news today. Mostly, except for all those dead people who were used to that now. We're being be sensitized all of that. And here's this dog and pony show there to speak hearing which is a hearing who's a hearing room cell. So that in 2005, detects by the Taliban and other anti-colders. You know, one thing I love about her is man, she is so forceful, you know? Yeah, she's dynamic. She, I think she's in at the book I love with the monotones. Just set the world up five. And you and she could like you, Lopin run off together. If that's where it do up for you. You could do your monotones together. She was an artist. It was a hit baby. It was a hit baby. It got a hit baby. It got a big hit. It'll be hit. Moving trapped. Couldn't get my love. Very good. But that's not the original song. No. No. So old. This isn't a gutsy velvet weapon. Well, that's just a velvet in the, uh, monotones. Is that what it is? Yeah. Oh. Good night, man. Oh, what am I? Okay, that's enough of that crap. Say that for Bob Hamilton on magic. I'll do up all day. That's the new format on magic one or two points seven. Starting of this minute. All the do up. There's a little race. She's still. The record is. Wopin. Oppinence. Executing. Seriously. I mean, she is. You could just draw. Like a sandy patent. A 60 cycle tone. Just draw straight line. She's flat lining it. Anyway, here's something that good news. Momentum. I think it's a good thing. Anyway, here's something that good news. Momentum. Before. Neville. The anti-workin of the US Senate candidate increases. As he rolls to a 54 to 41% lead over the Ancestant comment senator. Jewelie. Remin. Among likely a lonely democratic primary voters. According to a new Quinnipiac University. Paul released today. Bye. Bye. Jewelie. Remin. This compares to 51 to 47% of the. Democratic primary voters in age 20th full. And out here it is. It's obviously a third. And this lead is surveyed five percent of likely Democratic primary voters still on the side of it. But 85% of voters say their mind is made up. Among Lamont's supporters. 65% of the voters mainly against Leighman. In other words, we don't care who it is who's running. Again, we wouldn't know this guy from Dave Lamont. We wouldn't know him from Lamont, Cranston. And we don't care. We don't want no more Jewelie women. This phony. This right-winger in drag. Leighman support for the war in Iraq is the main reason that these people are voting for the Challenger. It says 44% of Lamont voters say. With 50% who say the war is one of the reasons. Senator Leighman's campaign must seem to be stuck in reverse. Despite visits from former president Clinton and other big name Democrats. Leighman has not been able to send the love on Lamont tied. So Quinnipiac University Paul Director Doug was shorts. The incumbent is five days to turn this race around, but never count out of veteran with his experience. Two, three months ago, Lamont was virtually unheard of, except for apps on the blogs. As Democrats get to know Lamont better, they like what they see. Lamont is established himself as a credible alternative to Jewelie women. I like that. And then this goes on pages and pages and pages of all the numbers. This one is this. And that one says that and but a beat. But a beat. Which is the sunny second baseline in the godfather. It's best line words. I think it's pretty plain to look at my side. Leighman's suit. Yeah. How do you do that? Oh, it's magic. It's magic. Yeah, it's magic. It's a place to put out of the air. That's right. We just plucked. Like a chicken. Uh huh. Nine hundred and twenty two boats on that pool. We're going to have that thousand are pretty very, pretty very close to it. I'm going to do the break like it. Just that I'll tad early here right now because I want to have a lot of time. a lot of times, it's going to take me like two segments to read that whole thing. Good. Paul Joseph Watson. Norrad tapes only intensify the impossibility of the official mind-loving story. Nothing. I'm a skeptic. You understand? Nothing. It would be a skeptical about George Bush and Dick Cheney and all these neocons. They put the con in the neocon. There's another one for your old chicken egg friend. We're here. Looking to good. A twang. 25 past 11 at 5. 16. That's the bad news. Let me tell you about some good news for your feet. Take those feet. It's a treat to be to your feet on the Mississippi mud. That's what Rick Weaver said just before he died. Anywhere. That has been. Sob. Tell me about the name. A snake. A Samuel Jackson stars. A collection of each act for snakes. On a plane. A message that the best they could do for a title. A few of the actual things for this film. It's a plane seat. It gets it. It's filled with snakes. So that's interesting. What do you call this act? Snakes are the plane. I wouldn't have to be inside the plane. Uh, yeah. Right. How about flight of fear? Wait. I got the mile flight club. Why not the snakes? Didn't wear shoes. Wait. How about this? Stoardist. There's a snake in my sandwich. Huh? Oh, okay. Snakes on a plane. But put a big dent on the side of it. Like it struck a meteor or something. Yeah. All right. We've only your shoes and watch snakes. I'm afraid. Now we're going to pay for it. Okay. 935 votes on a pool. It's 1131 before we do anything about that. 911 thing. Here's more bad news. Okay. A report by columnist Siny Blumental in Salon claims that Israel is receiving intelligence from the U.S. National Security Agency. Luma Thal claims to be in touch with a national security official with direct knowledge of the operation to supply Israel with signals intelligence from America, as to American assets to help it monitor armament transfers from Syria and Iran to Hezbollah. He states that President Bush is approve the intelligence sharing. Bush is being influenced by Neocons and is a ministry by Vice President Dictaney, staff and Elliott Abrams seem to direct her for the Near East on the National Security Council. The group of courtable Methal seeks to start a forefuck war by giving Israel a pretext to correct your reign in Syria. Secretary of State Condemliza has been briefed but is not a central actor in a plan. Here's a, as is an excerpt from the rest of the next head articles provided below, our raw story. Great. The National Security Agency is providing civil intelligence to Israel to monitor whether Syria and Iran are supplying new armaments to Hezbollah, as it fires hundreds of missiles for the Israel according to a national security official, with direct knowledge of the operation. President Bush has approved the secret program. Inside the administration, Neoconservatives on Vice President Dictaney's National Security staff and Elliott Abrams, the Neocons seem to direct her for the Near East on National Security Council. Our prime movers behind sharing NSA intelligence with Israel and they've discussed Syrian and Iran's apply activities as a potential pretext for Israeli bombing of both countries the source-private conversations about the program says. Intelligence, including that gathered by the NSA, has been provided to Israel in the past for various purposes. The Neoconservatives described as enthusiastic about the possibility of using NSA intelligence as a lever to widen the conflict between Israel and Israel and Hamas into a forefront war. Secretary-State Condemliza said it would have been briefed and to be on board, but she is not a central actor and pushing the covert Neoconservative scenario. For briefing appears to be an aspect of an internal struggle to intimidate and marginalize her. Recently, she's come under fire from prominent Neocons who oppose her support for diplomatic negotiations with Iran to prevent its development for nuclear weaponry. When it does find their ass, maybe that's what it's all about. The Neocons, I'm telling you, man, they're taking this down to road to hell. And the public suspect, but a beep, but a beep, and he's stupid as hearings go on, he's at stupid ass here, I'm on gering rum spell. Double V rum spell, dumb and dangerous just like his president. 939 posts, we're not going to make that 1,000 by noon. I'll tell you that, maybe by 12, oh, I don't know. About 30 minutes. About about 30, because we're going 942 right now. Good pull. Yeah. Thanks again, Sean. You're the me, your the man. The pole man. We've got to have somebody helping us do these tough dead summer times. What question bugs you the most? Can the world survive George W. Bush 251? Does Ann Kultor have a penis 139? Is there a life after death 105? Where's Osama 84? Who? Is there a life on other planets 80? Who kills AFK 72? Is there a god 72? And that's a big drop off to who killed Kalk Robin? That's only God. About 30 minutes. 30. Who sent the answer asked 28? Who let the dogs out 20? What really happened on 911? Since you played that record, they have vote for the kishka's gone down. Oh, David. Who stole the kishka only 15? Probably Gary Sermner. Tell him it's truth. Is there a intelligent life out earth 9? Well, I ever get late again eight. And who wrote the book alive? Is only God 5? Damn it. That's a great song. Sure, so beat those other things. You're playing just a bell, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And the blue notes? Yeah. Good night, my love. Oh, you know, who asked you that song? Good night, my love was the coordinates I believe. No one, they did 80 my love. I'm sorry. Every that 80 my love on, you know. On Brunswick label. Well, if that's the right label, I might just have to pass on it. On cadence records, I'm sorry. Cateness records. You've also sung cadence records? I give up. Andy Williams. You know who else was on cadence records? I give up. Roger Williams. And Jane Morgan. Wow. It was constipation, fascination. Anyway, I better do an early break. So we can get this other thing in here. Because there are a lot of people out there with, you know, just like this Policies, they were, although only 21 people want to really know what happened on 11. And probably, that's because they all think they really do know. Yeah. Right. Man. I don't know if I want to do it. We disagree. This one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to do a redest array of this one from a prison planet. Because you know, I mean, some of their stuff is okay. But they tend to be like really often, well, conspiratorialist crazy people a little bit at a time. The stirrer went to you from raw wallpindi. Although it kind of ties in with that city, blue-minsault piece that I just had there, the former chief of ISI, Major General Humid Ghoul, has predicted that America would definitely attack Iran and Syria simultaneously like tober. Yeah. Yeah. That October surprise. Surprise. He was talking after attending the Tom Dodd-Majwas Shura to the evening. Hamdad, a humdard. He also condemned the lackluster in which we actually have practiced an Islamic block about Israel's attack of Lebanon. Analyze him, core war summary, or he observed that the war is both political and strategic factors. And despite using Israel, America has lost the war in Lebanon, where masses have united against the recent Israeli onslaught, and would have been more formidable if the generals of Sodom hadn't sold out to American dollars. The analyze that Israel would soon be forced to stop its landstress, but would continue its horrific and heinous airstress against Lebanon converting it to ruins. Haryfik and heinous heinous heinous. He also predicted that after Iran and Syria, Saudi Arabia would also meet the same fate-powered by Pakistan. I don't understand. I don't understand. That's what he said. He said he said. All I know is there's one fine kettle of fish out there, and you can smell the stench all over the world now. There's no global warming either. It's just warm, that's all. It's just warm. And good news is we don't have to worry about Chris. That's the great news. I know who's somebody's probably pretty happy about that in between Kahnad Poker. Good job by Chris. Yeah. 23-Tolund, Alfred Ikeldi, a two-man dog, oh boy. Straight straight on the heels of his dinner without President Ante. I wonder if you have wiped the fashions of office for a brow. Mad Dog at four o'clock, then the Marlon stuff. Marlon's a squirrel last night, John. 65. Oh, Marlon. At least they were competitive. That's right. They're hanging in there. And it sounds like I'm really scared. No. No. Yeah. Marlon's on deck at 630 Marlon's in the Met 705, Eddie K.10. He hits two light-twisted dog days of summer, so even though they had this resurgence here in the last step part of the season, it's too late. They already lost the fans out there in the first two-three months. And if you don't believe me, take a look at our Marlon numbers in that last book. Oh, brother. Woo! My God. I tell you, Joe Bell was pretty peoed about that. When he was on the phone giving me all that secret insight and information about the new programming, that was in very jackass and column two days later. Pleasure. Not so happy with those Marlon's. 22-Tolund at 560WQM-HL. Hey, hey. Guys, guys, guys. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. How's up? Hey. Hey. You used to say less bad. I like to take this out to you. You made me feel a little sad, so leave me alone. I just wanted you to win through space, though. Maybe you got on my case to a trade-in in Marlon. I can't fool you. Then go go do. No bad. I can't say no more times if I saw. What? I was lost in two that's gone down. Don't say, be I did, guys. You threw fairies. 17-Tolund. My finger got stuck on it. And the button, too. First time for that. No bad tapes only intensify impossibility. My level of noffers will be destroyed by Paul Joseph Watson. Noodie released portions of no-ride tapes in 9-11 featured in an advantage for article Do Little The Wansch's gift. The impotence of US air defenses in 9-11. And if anything, Odean, increased focus on the incompatibility of the official version of events would actually be known to have taken place on that day. It is clear that the exercises we've been evolving around high-jacked airliner's kids will have for that morning created so much noise in the system that controllers could not pinpoint the positions of any of the real airliners to orchestrate any kind of intercept. Aircraft, those aircraft, such as Delta 89 and American Airlines 11, which controllers were to where they had already cracked in the world trade center North Tower, continually confused no-ride officials. And at one point after Flight 77 is hit to Pentagon, they even intercept their own aircraft. Several exchanges between no-ride personnel, a lot of line-of-comfusion that the drills caused and delayed the responsibility of fence procedures. There is a text here of the verbiage between the air traffic controllers and the aircraft. I'm not going to waste my time reading that. When a tool made that was a hijacked, my first reaction was somebody started the exercise early, said Mission Crew Commander made your Kevin Nassipani, Nassipani. How the hell would you say it? That's Sipani. Any S-Y-P-A-N-I-L-I'm not going to say it. That's the panic sounds about it. No. Nassipani. Are we here parsed, Sipani? The exercise of running numerous war games where plans will be mock hijacked in crashing the high profile targets is dismissed as a coincidence by the writer Michael Brunner would not disguise the astronomical improbability of the two scenarios colliding. And lines with similar same targets same time drills, which took place during the London The tapes betrayed the fact that no rise of tension, the fact that Flight 77 was heading toward Washington, are virtually non-existent as they struggle against authorization to shoot down straight aircraft. Despite the lies of Dick Cheney and his subsequent TV interviews and statements given under oath to the 9th of in commission, those shoot down orders never arrived even after 1993 of crash in Pennsylvania. While no-rad struggle to comprehend what exactly was heading toward Washington, Dick Cheney and his PEOC bunker, things apparently were a lot clearer. The testimony of Secretary of Transportation, director Norman Maneta, is brought under more scrutiny by the No-rad tapes. How could Cheney know exactly what was heading for Washington and give clear orders for his path to remain clear while the very people mandated to defend the skies of America scrambled this really to make sense of the chaos and jet fighters and the positions they needed to be or get fighters and positions they needed to be. You follow that? No. During the time that the airplane was coming into the Pentagon, there was a young man who would come in and save the vice president, the plane is 50 miles out. The plane is 30 miles out. I'm going to cut out of the plane is 10 miles out, the young man also said that the vice president, the order still stand. And the vice president in turn, and whoops his neck around and said, of course the order still stand, have you heard anything to the contrary? Secretary of Transportation, director Norman Maneta's testimony, the 9th, 11th, and commission may 23rd 2003. The impotence of nowhere and only having access to four fighters to cover the entire eastern seaboard of the U.S., contradicts the fact that 35 U.S. Air Force faces alone within ranges of the hijack place, but we're never called upon or given as an option. The quick response by nowhere and the golfer pain stewards off-crosser aircraft, remember pain Stewart? I said, do I have a surprise anymore, please? I just want to keep the house done all of that. All of that, so America and Gama's on the way to come to you. We are Chinese too. They're going to arrive on it. The quick response by nowhere to the golfer pain Stewart's aircraft, of course, aircraft in 99 is often cited as contradicting with procedure 9-11. In addition, there were 67 occasions where fighters were scrambled when they stepped air-naircraft in the 9-month period before 9-11. Other segments of the tapes only raise more questions and don't provide any answers to longstanding mysteries. How did the admittedly incompetent pilot hijackers turn off the transponders of all the aircraft? A procedure according to professionals we've talked to was often beyond the capability of even the most experienced commercial pilots. In one portion of the tapes, Nourad personnel are heard to marvel at the excellence of the hijackers strategy. 9-23-15, Anderson says, they're probably not squawking anything broadcasting a beacon code anyway, I mean obviously these guys are in the cockpit. Nespitani, these guys are smart, unidentified male. Yeah, they know exactly what they wanted to do. These guys are smart, contrastless statement where those are the flight instructors when describing the skills of the alleged hijackers. More Ham and Ata has attention span was zero. Khalid Al-Mindar, we didn't kick him up, they didn't live up to our standards. Marwan Al-Shihi, he was dropped because of his limited English and total incompetent set the controls. Salam Al-Hazmi, we advised him to quit after two lessons. Did the descriptions afforded these men square with a chaos that this skills in the 18-deception brought to the Nourad control room? Or were the planes being controlled by some other means than Moran's who had barely get single-end incestors off the ground, but who apparently ran the world's most sophisticated air defense ragged for hours. As the panic that involves the Nourad control room and the fear that new reports of hijack planes will never end a couple of inspectedly that anything, the White House and the Statue of Liberty are mentioned, could be a target, corroborate with the actions of President Bush's security detail? Reports of numerous gray aircraft bombs on planes and truck bombs that depend upon fly, and yet President Bush's calmly and a Florida classroom apparently safe in the knowledge that he's not a target. While it wasn't a President heard in the nearest underground bunker as soon as Khalid told him, America's under attack, unless Bush's people were confident the exact targets beforehand, and had Bush himself himself was one of them. The right of the vanity fair pieces taken the Nourad takes on their own and attempted to forward them as proof that the official version of the bench is largely accurate, minus the proven lies of the unannuals of a Zacinou shootdowns. The problem is that the behavior of the iron planes when overlaid with the activities of Cheney and Bush standard intercept operating pussy Jews, minus the anti-intentional confusion of an untill a number of blitz from the Nourad drills, and the incompetent hijacker simply doesn't corroborate. For the more, the tape portions amount to a total of no more than 20 minutes of hand-picked communications, and it is admitted that the discussions of the higher brass are not recorded due to secrecy. Nothing is mentioned of the six tapes of aircraft or control communications with the hijack airliners that were deliberately destroyed by FAA managers. The purpose of the vanity fair and the similar Washington Post articles to White Washington terror fair and blame 911 on the incompetence of Nourad. The Nourad tapes far from dissolving so-called conspiracy theories only serves to support the weight of an instant points directly to a deliberate plan on 911 to make the air defenses of the United States impotent and to enable the planes to find their targets. To get just for your proof, we'll actually all just drive you a job and or not. More those conspiracy theories. There you go, as right, more than county-picked conspiracy theories who just don't trust the American government left winged, uh, raving the ranting. Right, that's right. 9117 votes on the pool. What question bugs you the most? Can the world survive George's W. Bush two and a half years to go? Oh my God. Oh my God is right. 260 votes. The Zancoker have a penis on. 45 is if there's any doubt. Is there life after death? 109. As in PT109. Where's Oshama 88? Is there life on other planets 81? Speak out of PT109? Who kills JFK? 80? Is there a God 73? Who killed Kauk Robin 31? Who sent the anthrax? Has got about 30 men? Although I think they've got a person of interest. Who let the dogs out 24? What really happened on 911 only 23? Now, why would anybody care about that? Damn. Who stole the kishka's got 16? All this is many is what really happened on 911. Is there a intelligent life on earth? It's got 11. Will I ever get laid again 10? And who wrote the book? A lot of the only got six. Solomon T. C. And what does that have to do with Fidel? Uh oh, it's starting to begin. No, I'm just curious. In fact, that's a good poll question. Maybe you want to steal that. I don't know. What was the number of men to do? That's a good poll question. What percentage of soft sort of, uh, Cuban exiles do you think is going to return if Castro dies and if a role pro, you know, can't cut the mustard. And if they play, if they democratize Cuba. Yeah. What? Do the question? I mean, I realize a lot of the things have to happen. But then again, you know, question I had is what's going to happen? If Castro should die. Yeah. Because we're going to use that. Maybe. And the question is about what you fool. Yeah, yeah, for how long? Strong with you. But 10 minutes. He's a bumming old fool. Yeah, he's brilliant. He's like a great old. He's Castro's freight up. Oh, no. I can't believe you said that. Well, I'm going to ask, and I want this fence. Hey, Rayno. Oh, if he would've just said one more hell, Mary, you know, I would've done it. You see, I was thinking about the other day. Well, I always think about these things with a religion. Especially what's happening in the world right now. But all this good murder and bloodshed and my religion's better than yours. I'm going to kill you. These baseball players like Pujrad Regas, you know, it's bad enough that you get conditioned and doing certain things. And of course, the Catholic Church is probably better than anybody at all. Although they're all good. You know, like the Muslim holy and the ground on their magic carpets. And the Orthodox Jews at the waiting wall, they're going to rock at the women who are trying to pray there. And they're doubling back and forth and rocking like they got ants in their pants. But these ball plays that come up and cross themselves and Pujrad Regas does it. Maybe Josh's notice this before every pitch. A lot of them do crap before every page. They have their little thing. And mostly I think that's a latino thing, isn't it? Not really. It's a Catholic thing. No, no, but I think certainly the latin Americans are much more bringing in more. Much better brainwashed than just your regular prediction, ordinary Catholics. A lot and some more Catholic than anybody except the Irish. But you don't see Dave old Brian crossing himself before he calls every pitch to you. You don't know. Okay. Well, you don't see him. That's because you don't see him. Maybe he's doing it. But there are other kinds of things crossed up there. Yeah, like your angel, you've probably got him turned into a Presseal. Nice going, Dave old Brian, you idiot. But anyway, that's you see any people out there. If you're it's like the people in the Elamazizah on the door. You know, although at least that's only one time thing. You know, the Elkowader Videy in the Elamazizah on the door all or can't hurt. To keep the evil spirits out. That's right. But people who are like just automotons, you can brainwash when you're going to go through all of this ritual all this decided in. Why? That's my question. Why? So easy to brainwash people. Why are people so stupid? In fact, let's put that on. At pole, what question bugs me to go that more than why are people so stupid? It's a big question. And we got a thousand four votes. I can't believe you folks, man. This is amazing. This is amazing. Tuesday, we have what do we have by the end of the show over 14 and reverse? Wasn't it? I mean, not that that number. We do is any significant survey thing. Although that's a lot more than the have across the street all day. But how long are they going to keep that charade on, huh? What would be something if they had a dolphin game and it was no radio station to broadcast it? And by the way, for five many years, we don't want it. You can keep it. Yeah. We already were already losing our ass on the marlins. We don't need to lose in five many year on the dolphins. Got to hear the salespeople that are whining. Oh, Jesus! Get so this crap. Well, what a big number she got. You should be able to turn that around. Why are most people so how do we want to phrase that? Oh, this just in. Is real? At least seven civilians killed in rocket and tanks. No, it is real. Like that's news. Okay. And that's news. What have I said? All the current. The only problem with this is this isn't what I had in mind. See, because a lot of innocent people will just innocent pain in the as bystanders are getting killed all those to go and going out for three, four weeks now as opposed to the crazy before a bison, you know, the ones who are like, just whipped up with all their hysteria. Let all the phonetics go there right to the border and just kill each other. They'll leave everybody also long. So where you think maybe your hyphen would be good for your summer trip? Oh, yeah, I can't. We're going to send you out to the hyphen. Why are people so stupid? Okay, we just put them on. I wish I could change my vote. They really are. That's one of the reasons. I mean, I like doing this show is a real great education. Because look at the calls we've taken over these years and of course you take them now. The summer time I'm only on like five months a week. I'm going to take phone call. No chance. No chance, baby. I did you talk about that article that I've asked you even though I was an honest, did I actually the article in IP 4? I mentioned it, but I didn't read it or anything. I said it that you would be talking about it more today. Oh. Red Cross workers in residents of Kana, this is from the Interpress Service, two tonight, whereas really bombing killer Lee 60 civilians over the weekend of two live the US that know his beloved rockets were launched from that city before these really are strike. Well, you know, they did it 10 years ago. I guess maybe practice makes perfect. Or they send the church practice makes the perfect. They moved back. It shouldn't have done that. The Israeli military has said in bond building in which several people are taking shelter more than half of them children because the army has faced rocket fire from Kana. The Israeli military has said that his beloved was there for responsible for the deaths. There were no his beloved rockets fired from their 32-year-old Ali at Delta by a PS. Anyone on this village will tell you because this is the truth. Abdullah taking shelter in nearby house when the shelter was bombed at one o'clock in the morning when the bombing finally lit up in the morning he went back to the bomb shelter to search for relives. He found a 70-year-old father and 64-year-old mother both dead inside. They bonded after what I heard the screams of women children and a few men they were crying for help. But then one minute after the first bomb another bomb struck and then after this there was nothing but silence and then the sound of war bombs all around the village. Mason Hasha or is that Mason Adams Mason Hasha in a 30-year-old construction worker who lost several family members near the record of the shelter said that there were no his beloved rockets fired from his village because of the had done that now or in the past all of us would have left because we know we would have been bombed. Kana had been a shelter because no rockets were being fired from their survivors said when his beloved fires their rockets everyone runs away because the island is ready bombardment is coming soon. That's why everyone's stayed in the shelter nearby homes because we all thought we'd be all right since there were no his beloved fighters in Kana. And they went to like like take in you know Michael Thalouis in a Bronx where he'll be saved yet. I just mentioned that passing okay because you're gonna believe whatever you want to believe that's the problem with people they believe whatever they want to believe whatever they're brainwashed into believing you know. All crazy they're crazy people is what they are crazy religious getskies for that it's an airbusy company so they're and now the anneal cause god only knows what kind of crap is being cooked up although it sounds more and more like heinous and the heinous yeah and it's the sending more sinister by the minute and what am I talking about the anneal cause they will do anything to keep control of the USA. Oh that's like that other radio station. That's right we'll do anything to hurt your fine brilliant one like when he's doing to a daddy's wallet. He's killing you. Ancesturity Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the kneel Rogers 12 to one hour. Between our world and ours. There is a very in there we are. Yeah that was a game. There is triple play. A triple play. Did you hear that? Lady in the water cooler. What other things do you watch on television? Yeah that's pretty good. That's pretty good. Oh that's pretty good. Water cooler chocolate never be the same in the shower lines lady. No water cooler. 12 or two or five sixty w qm. Get that bitch out of that water cooler man. Water Stern takes pretty nasty. Andrew Bart Schmuckler remember him? Who? Come on I'm just full. How long is this baby? Oh my god. Oh that baby. Three pages. And what is this guy doing with todayl man? What is it that you do with all those exiliors waiting to go back? That's me as a slap in a face. If you are part of South Florida if you live in South Florida you have been there 40 years, 50 years. Whatever it's been. I'm almost 50 years. I'm just here I got one toll on the ground. I just can't wait to go back. I said well pack your all I still maybe you know can't get that out of here already. But monopoly just for what you waiting for go back now. Cut the crap. There's nothing I can't say that somebody who claims to be an American who's busy spend all their time outside the country. I'm sorry. I'm just a human being. I want to be a doctor. I can afford to be where I like it. And as far as being in Florida I don't want it. Anyway, Andrew Barge, who is website, nonesoblind.org. He's devoted to understanding the roots of America's present world crisis. And the means got what's the urgent challenge of this dangerous moment can be met. He's author of search books as the approval of the tribes, the problem of power and the social evolution, and the beginning of the good society, a quest to bridge America's moral divide. He also conducts regular talk radio conversations in both red and blue states. Well, let's learn purple of men and show them. Andrew Barge, nuclear rights, proof that the 911 Commission did not do its job and evidence that it doesn't care. Should I read this? I'm gonna. Sounds good. I do not know what the truth is about 911. I don't know whether the official version of events is substantially correct or whether it's full of holes, whether it was basically an honest job or is it cover up. I studied the matter enough to know some substantial points on both sides, but I lacked the knowledge in the expertise that we required to draw any hard and fast conclusions, but now I do know something. I know that the 911 Commission has failed to do its job, and that it is not acting responsibly and he will have fact. The job of a commission like that appointed the study and the report of the nation on the events of 911 is too full. First it is to investigate the events and the draw valid conclusions about what happened. Second, it is to enable the American people to come to a common understanding about an important and sensitive part of our history. Such consensus is vital because this agreement sends suspicions about such national traumas, our potentially poisonous to the body politic. In Germany after World War I, for example, the believes that the defeat was not due to events on the battlefield against the enemy, but to a stab in the back from parts of the German society, help fill out the foundations for the coming to power of the Nazis and for all the nightmares that follow from that. And the commission certainly understood full-worldly centrality of this consensus creating function. Whether or not the 911 Commission fulfilled the first function to establish what happened, some recent poll data proved indisputably that it is failed with respect to the second. A zombie poll shows that more than 40% of Americans believe there has been a cover-up. When nearly half the population of the West doesn't trust the truthfulness of the 911 Commission report, the commission clearly is failed to do a job. Not like the war in Commission report could be like that could it? The zombie poll data presented as I saw it an opportunity, and I took steps to see if that opportunity could be seized. Well I thought to pull data might help to occur what would be the have-a-real debate, fair and rigorous between strong advocates of both the commission's explanation of 911, and these skeptics and challenges of that position. That seemed to me important for the nation because, up till now, there hasn't been any such confrontation between the different positions, and such a confrontation would be the best way to get the truth to emerge. This is an accord-room procedure, different propositions came clarified and tested, so also when it well conducted debate. I contacted some of the more prominent challenges to the official version, and found them eager to participate in such a debate. They also indicated doubts that the people associated with the commission would be willing to join in such a process because they found those people unresponsive to previous interfaces to engage with them. But I had hoped that with the poll data indicating clearly that the commission had failed pretty seriously to achieve the goal are resolving the uncertainties to the American people. The moment was propitious to try to enlist their participation in such a debate, so I wrote the following letter to members of the commission, as well as with slight variations to others with technical knowledge who had been associated with the report and then it's got the copy of the letter. And at the end, I look forward to hearing back from you, and thank you for your consideration. I sent out more than a dozen of these invitations, and the answer I received was completely consistent, absolute silence, not a word of response from a single person. What is one to make this such a failure to respond? The sheer uniformity of the response you've guessed at some explicit policy is still well as been handed down from above. If some of the invitations and some sort of refusal, while others had simply ignored the invitation, this inference about a general policy would be hard to draw. But when I substantive invitation like this, it's not a single word of response from more than a dozen people, it seems hard to believe that each recipient is making his own decision about how to respond, which leads to the question, why would there be such a policy of stillwalling? That's the question. I can't tell you to be for. Why? If we're not for the Zagbe Polar results, one might imagine that the forces behind the commission report might have decided that the report is so persuasive and valid, that it can stand on its own, with no need for further defense, that the challenges are so awesome wall, that it would be mistaken to dignify their claims by bothering to refute them. But in view of these polar results, cited in my invitation, of course, showing that 42% of the American public believes there's been a cover up, and in view of it being one of the commissions responsibility to produce a national consensus and leave the matter on resolve. This policy of not dignifying the skeptics seems unsupportable. The committed challenges to unvited offer to different explanation. The commission may maintain new that in a fair and rigorous debate, the findings of their report will be ripped to shreds. First, they are stillwalling, in order to avoid having the report fully discredited in the eyes of the rest of the American public. The next explanation is plausible, and if it were true, it would mean that the commission failed to do both aspects of the job it supposedly was charged with, in other words, that it hadn't only failed to produce the national consensus the country needed, nor had provided the country with a valid account of their real events in 911. On that point, on whether the official version is basically valid or full of holes, I remain uncertain, still wanting the kind of rigorous and counter-of ideas that would enable non-experts like me to see which notions are as scrutiny and which do not. But the refusal of the creators of the 911 Commission reports to take to the field and its defense does measureably increase my suspicion about that official version. And even if the challengers are not correct in their interpretation of this refusal, even if it isn't because their position is indefensible, it would deny say position. But it would seem to indicate clear that the very least the people that at the very least the commission doesn't much concern itself of the fact that nearly half the American people believe the report is a cover of the real truth about 911. That in itself is a disturbing and distreputable state of the affairs. Now what say you are? I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. I'd like that. Three years after House of Republicans trumpeted the new names to get back at the French for snubbing the coalition of the willing in Iraq, Congressmen don't even want to talk about French fries, which are actually native to Belgium. And then I'd like to see the right hand of this is chopped off again. Well, I'm getting tired of that. Neither represented as Bob Naible, hiring a Wall to be Jones a Kerr or North Carolina, the authors of the Q-Layory Review were willing this week to say who led the retreat as it were from the Flying Pan. But retreat there has been as a Kerr observer conceived from itself in the House of Basement Caveterias. We don't have a comment for your story, set a spokesman from Mr. Nay. We don't want several Republican staffers and lawmakers to suggest that the change isn't worth investigating unlike the eagerness of March 2003 to get into the headlines about patriotism on the menu. It's almost beyond belief. That goes back to Maya, Troy's on that pool. How can there be so many stupid people? It's only got five of those. That should be zooming to the top. Why are so many people so stupid? Why is like, move on and like that? So prevalent. Tom. Several Republican staffers and lawmakers suggest that the change isn't worth investigating. Unlike the eagerness, like I said, March 2003 to get into the headlines about patriotism on the menu. Mr. Nay, who was in Chairman of the House of Administration committed which oversees the cafeteria's, clearly announced the change at the head of the Anti-French sentiment and first-schooled Washington that the U.S. invasion of Iraq was premature. If you're like all of dancing in the streets in highly and sweet water in Miami and South Beach, premature about Fidelas dead. Not yet. Soon. Oh, geez. The action today is a small but symbolic effort to show this strong, this pleasure with many uncappable, here will be action of our so-called ally France. Mr. Nay said in March 11, 2003, the Nay spokeswoman who wasn't where Monday that fries and toast had reverted their original names, observed that represented version of errors of Michigan and Republican who chose the House of Administration Committee now has the right to change the name. But John Brandy, spokesman from Mr. Edwards, doesn't want to talk about it either. Officially, the committee has no comment on the matter. We don't see how this is done. Now, as it was a story when it changed into freedom fries and freedom toast, like a bunch of petal and children, because there were pissed off of those obnoxious disgusting French. But now, when it changed it back, now it's not a story. A spokeswoman for the panel's Democrats is he's unaware of the change, and under how staffers are willing to talk about it. A manager in the House's basement cafeteria said freedom fries and freedom toast were taken off the menu last week, and referred all calls to the capitals guest service. Yes, services department. The cafeteria and the long-worth office building apparently be stored French fries all the way back in January. Democrats on the panel didn't return calls, we questioned comment, but other Democrats who call the switch, no one paid to absurd are free with a quips. There's nothing about it. Okay, so I'll use people or dying. While the bombs are bursting in air, but then again, that's the American infirm way, isn't it? Sheldon. Bombs bursting in air. I burst a few in air myself. This is Neil Rodgers. Locker is yours, isn't he? Here I'm this. This is 5. 16. 16. Bye. SH divide the three governments go . becomes Venus τα I'm a little bit scared. My mother has got talent. Alright, we got talent or what? We just have some talent on this station. Not too much anymore. I'm a little bit. We got a few people you've heard of before. And I knew, and then who sales guy named is Hank? That's a guess it is. The hanker. He's not like a reasonable guy. Yeah, he seems like a reasonable guy. Does he have any idea where he is or what it's all about? No, he'll find out soon enough that. No, boy. Most of him too much longer. Anthony Wade. And op-ed knows this. This is what I said. If I were to greet you one thing. It'd be this. This would be it. He's a contributing writer to op-ed news.com dedicated to educating the populist to the lives of abusive government independent writer from New York with the local commentary article seen on multiple websites. A Christian progressive and professional read had consular working with the poor disabled. Oh, he is catching. Yeah. He writes, feeding the sheep nation. And above the article it says, a nation of quote from Edward R. Murrow, a nation of sheep will be get a government of wolves. And he writes, Edward R. Murrow could not have been making how pressure his quote would be for this day and age. The past truly as prologues we continue to see how the government and its media machine is medium-ish, and feed America what they want them to believe. The great life theory used to be telling such a huge lie to make it believable, but in lighter-day American any old lie will do as long as you keep telling it. But it's not just about the lies. It's about some basic truths that corrupt this nation and are at the heart everything wrong today. These basic truths are what are at the course so many other problems. The first such truth is that the two party system is destroying democracy as we know it. Don't get me wrong and your power can party is clearly the greater of two evils and needs to be voted out of power this November. The trail of abuses and conciliation to the executive branch government has been nothing short of treasonous. However, those expecting that democratic party to be a panacea will be surely disappointed. Given the same complete control, I doubt the Democrats will behave any more ethically than the GOP has. Their leadership is fractured and Kivot can't give off a clear direction to a Greopon. All of them know the truth about the war abuses a governmental power and continuously illegal activity. It only half of them are willing to stand up against it. I think he's being generous when he says half. The problem is that there's just as time to the status quo is to be publicans. Even a second-class party gets to Donald Trump of Ways and Corporate Kickfans. Never had this realization crystallized more than when John Kerry walked away from this country and headed to Presidency back to Bush when he knew he had been cheated. Some may say he did not know, but if that was the case then he was entirely too stupid to be present anyway. No, the bigger reason was that he got to go back to Congress as a millionaire senator. He still gets to the limelight. He still gets to the notoriety. A merifestor gets to the shaft. The sheeple mentality however believes that while we can get 31 slaves of ice cream in this country, we can't get more than two coherent political streams of thought and that is simply ridiculous. What this leads to is having to compromise your principles and hold your nose when you catch your ballot. Christians who feel compelled to vote pro-life for instance, are compelled to vote pro-war and pro-poverty. There's no room for dissension. You need to re-leather your right and if you dare see it in the middle, your ridicule does not take any stand. More importantly however, the two parties defend the system of great political violence. Unless you're a billionaire, you cannot want to as a third party candidate, let alone become involved in the debate process, which has become nothing more than a dog and pony show. Even if you do manage to get through some how all our loss per row, you're demonized by the press and margin lie to the poor you never haven't even playing ground to begin with. Why? Because the chief priority that two parties in this country is nothing American people, it's preserving the two party system. The second major threat during a part to fabric of our republic is the consolidation of the media. This is what Merrill was referring to. Currently there are about five corporations are controlled 90% of all mainstream media in this country. These companies have business and political agendas that don't include among them you are me. For example, the New York Post loses money hand over fistier beer, but is maintained by Riftwood Murdoch and the losses sustain so they can keep his right when you're gender on the front pages of New York. You'll never find a substantive critical word of the New York Post of this president or this administration. Its goal is not to present the New Yorkers, but to package the political opinions of Mr. Murdoch and present it as news, just as he does with a clearly unbalanced Fox New Channel. The Fox News is no longer the only culprit. The real damage done by Fox News is that it makes other networks appear mainstream when they really are only Fox Light. Instead you have people like Tucker Carlson, Chris Matthews and Joe Scarborough wrapped up as objective news hosts. It's too this media and my sheen that the government feeds the sheeple what they want them to know and with holes what they do not. Case in plot was the coverage on a mean news networks. It did not focus on Iraq the other night. The increasing surge in violence, it did not focus on Lebanon and the child casually ready to see any 50 percent. No a focus on Gibson Gate. It's in fact on the aforementioned Scarborough program the entire program was devoted to discussing Mel Gibson's drug entirety. Like the Scott Peterson and Natalie Holloway debunk debockles before, these stories are designed to do one thing. Keep you focused on something other than what's really going on in the world in this country. The last passion of a objective news coverage is the internet and they're trying to take that away as well as the net neutrality sham. The goal is not only corporate profits but to keep the sheep buying all the while of their countries eroding. Nothing made this more apparent than when the major never saw got together to agree to dismiss the obvious election fraud reveal to the airs at full day commission. The press used to be about protecting the country from abuses of government but now it's about protecting the government from the people. There is some brighter lights out there such as Keith Oberman but even that's not enough to offset the onslaught of package news brought to America each and every night. When the administration is really in a bind that is fetched, Cheney or roved to Fox News for what is called an exclusive, but all it really is is a platform to some more lies to the people of this country. That's how you see so many people believing Saddam Hussein at WMD. That's how you have so many people believing Iraq and Al-Qaeda ties. News is no longer in the truth business. The third major problem is the buying and selling of our elected officials every day through lobbying. There are now 62 lobbyists for every member of Congress we have. These lobbyists don't represent you or meet they represent the interest of corporate America. The credit card lobby spends millions of dollars to members of Congress and we get bankruptcy reform. The energy industry sends millions of dollars to Congress and we get kickbacks to their industry's native regress of environmental laws so they can maximize profits. John Bolton is so unpopular that President Bush had an aim in a recessed appointment circumventing the will of all the people but now Congress may approve officially because of the efforts of APAC. This is all approved under the guise of free speeches the American people are sold out every day of her corporate interest. This is why people are Jack Abramok, Tom Delay and do cutting him or a lot of prey on his country for as long as they did. Lobbing is how we have the mess we see in voting machines in his country as we've done in stolen lessons for the past six years. Laws are passed to be court state students machines that are made by partisan companies even though those machines are known to be flawed for five no paper trail. Lobbing is how companies are in protections from being sued when he agrees to say he or the American people. Lobbing is why elections are less about who is the candidate is and what they believe in and more about how much money they can raise. And I better do the break and I don't want to like rush through but I'll do it. I don't rush. I won't rush. I may pop a couple of vigres in here and then of course that I don't know what will happen next. I won't be watching. Twenty six people get off all the serious quick to get to the important stuff into a club. We got yeldy coming up there. That'll make a girl man cry. This is new rosaries. This is by sixty two eight. Now is that supposed to be the rejoin? Yes, that's right. Okay. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television sets turn them off right in the middle of a set. Everyone knows about the chicken egg with the mark of a lamb. Your meom. I would love to eat this most holy egg but I'm watching my cholesterol. That's why I've switched to all our eggdeter. All our eggdeter's look and taste like a regular olive eggs. But they're good for you. So you can have these green, sexy body. You've always been for business. You're in public. Each carton of all our eggdeter is made of the same as the two virgin chickens and pot of the beef complete breakfast. What without the bacon? I like eggdeter's. That's too many cow. From 29. Five sixty. Maybe they're free to make breeder's. You think so? They must be. Anyway, getting back to Anthony Wade feeding the sheep nation. The fourth major problem facing this one's great nation is the consolidation of power to be executive branch government and the capitulation by Congress to allow it to happen. President Bush is now chosen to violate over 800 laws in this country and he remains unquestion. Clinton was dragged down to the town square and flag publicly for lying once about a personal, sexual indiscretion. The fact is that President Bush doesn't believe he has to listen to Congress and that's the world of the people. He makes a grand showing of signing an anti-torchure bill and then promptly it senses a writer to what's saying he doesn't have to follow it. He violates the FISA act and when CUB brazenly says, So what? He then cuts a fake deal with the member of his own party that doesn't require him to adhere to the FISA law, but rather that he has the option to do so. That's what the GOP calls a concession when the President agrees that he might follow a law that he may, was supposed to follow to begin with. Lying the Congress has proven through the Downing Street Memos, no investigation. Secretly is a classified information, no investigation. Secret meetings with Energy Lobby have to decide energy policy, no transparency, the list is endless. While certainly Bush carries the line sure of the blame, he can only do a Congress allows him to do. It is the GOP rubber stand Congress that is sanctioned the erosion of civil liberties, wars of conquest based on lies, destructive fiscal policies that rewarded millionaires in crippled a middle class, environmental protection role, massive lender record heatways across the country, while the GOP claims there's no such thing as global warming. The decimation to our educational system is as country as far too many children are left behind, the attempted to stir our Medicaid and social security systems, and so many other tramities that they can't be contained in just one article, but are resonating daily in the lives of the American people. The high to the arrogance of the administration is their recent inclusion of money to convert the social security system in the account-based scan that Bush couldn't sell to the American people for the past few years. You remember that, right? Bush tore the country, trying to sell his vision of crippling the social security system only to be strongly above everywhere he went. Instead of bound to the world of the people he backed toward his plan in the latest budget, in the end it doesn't matter what we want, only what the powers that be want. There are many other problems facing this nation, they're all as vital as well, but what stand out on my mind, these are what the ones I think are about when I think of the current state of affairs. We have a government that is beholden to a failed system fueled by money that drives it daily and supported by a media machine that endorses it. They tell us what to be concerned with and what to pay a no mind to. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, this keep watching the next segment of on Mel Gibson until American Idol comes on again. The sheep just keep getting grazing and wolves keep getting fatter. What is the answer America? Stop being sheep. If you turn on a news program that's focusing on the store such as Mel Gibson's feeling toward the Jews, while our sons and daughters are dying in the sand to direct turn the TV off, go online and check out some progressive news sites to see what stories they don't want you to be aware of. Take that knowledge and share it with everyone you can. It's the mobilization program from a grassroots level can be the only solution to crisis facing this nation. When you see progressive candidates talking about real change, vote for them. The original into any voting problems and don't just walk away. Send your letters to the editors, email the network, sign the petition, get involved. Throwing your hands up in the air only and bolding the people of the American people as sheep. It's true the non-involving of people in this country that the wolves continue to grow in power. It's time to stop accepting what they're feeding us and take back the US from the wolves and where our moral is both so profitably about so long ago. Pretty good article, that sounds it out great. What do I tell you? I like that one. How would be all that something about turning your TV off? There you go. That's how I'd be played that. I call it a new slowdown. That's second. When we came back on the radio. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. Thousands and 60 votes on the pool. See once we got to the thousandth of a like slack off your bed, that's okay. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. We don't have any goal now. Anyway, who is he? Oh, he's a former, former fellow, not in the winter of the fall, but just a summer fellow. The University of Minnesota Humanities Institute, he shares the history department at the University of Hartford, Warren Goldstein. Better to tell the truth than paraprop again that he says one can be a Jew who supports Israel's security without buying the notion and widespread bombing of Lebanon's civilians is justified. How do you like that? But an irrational concept that is. He says, I am a Jew and I'm an American. I'm an anguish over both identities right now. What that sounds for me, dear? In my name, my country's been supporting with armaments and its remaining diplomatic club, the reckless killing of civilians who's only crimes to live in a country that cannot control us own faith. How's supporting by not exercising its immense influence over Israeli policy and weaponry? The country that considers itself a Jewish homeland is effectively declared Lebanon a free fire zone. And believes that if its military drops enough bombs on apartment buildings in Bay Route, Hezbollah's strongholds, and impede enough southern Lebanese cities, it'll destroy his blas if political and fighting force. The mass grave entire is now burned in Lebanese consciousness along with Sobra and Chitilla. When I visit the website of Reform duty is my CEO propaganda effort on behalf of the Israeli bombs. Love can I, in my congregation, do now to help the people of Israel ask to headline? The answer, now is the time to stand with Israel and solidarity. I put the website suggest post a we stand with Israel long time and proudly flying is really flagged to your congregation. After all, Israel is a home for every reform Jew. This is moral and religious nonsense. And it is silencing Jews who know better because the Israel propaganda machine was most effectively to a Jewish organization where any hint that the lives of Lebanese children, matter as much as lives of Jewish children, is free of this one, a refusal to recognize the demands of real politics to a slippery slope moral equivalency reasoning or three treason. By these efforts, dutyism has been reduced to political cheerleading and international equivalent to what the American religious right has done to Christianity. Too many American Jews are putting their religion on the shelf all they take up the impoverished language of strategy and tactics and real politics. The God of Abraham Isaac Jacob Sarah Riftka, Rachel Anliya, does not distinguish between Israeli and Lebanese children. Let me be clear. No nation ought to have to live alongside well arm-friendly terrorist political enemies committed with destruction. I said no tears for his beloved militants who is murderous, Israeli and Israeli response and his lack of respect for civilian lives, no national or religious boundaries. In order I should hear for Hamas, the latest example of Palestinians for Pencene for self-destructive choices. Some form of Israeli military responses completely understandable and justifiable. That's why we need an international police force to patrol 7 Lebanon, this arm has been called a law and keep us women and its borders. Israel's far greater military power and its ability to inflict far greater harm, no jibbering the numbers can hide the fact that Lebanese civilians are dying at roughly ten times the rate of Israelis, bring greater responsibility no matter what the other guys do. Nor does this or political tradition worthy of the name justifies burning children to death and hopes of taking out a rocket launcher. Doing everything possible to avoid killing civilians, using anti-personnel bombs, fails the virus, is not the only deright thing to do, it makes long-term strategic senses to fewer surviving children will grob swearing vengeance. Nor should the fact that the Israeli public seems unusually united in favor of the current offensive silence those of us who wanted the killing to stop now. Most Americans have ported the hopeless, tornless and reckless warms Vietnam, which killed far more civilians than soldiers of any kind until it's last years, but the worst critics were right right from the beginning. In that spirit, I hope that Jews and non-Jews alike will reject the poll over debate about Israel and speak their minds, breaking through their fear of being labeled as self-hating or anti-Semitic by so-called friends of Israel. Israel needs friends who support its security until the truth, not sick of France putting out long signs. I wish Jewish congregations were direct as much energies they have laid the expanded on me, distant complicated killing fields in Darfur, dare I say a safer ratio toward the far easier task of getting their own government to make real peace in the Middle East by seizing as a blanket support for the Israeli government and military. In the meantime, what Secretary of State Tunnelies arise calls a new Middle East is being baptized in a lot of civilians, not in my watch, says Warren, goes sign, says the end, that's the end, that's the end. So, if you can tell by the name, can't you? 1980 votes on the poll now, we're kicking serious big fat ass right now. Despite of the fact that we refuse to sit or in a spew propaganda, okay? Oh, come on, let's get a cuter, let's get a cuter of the Cubans and the Jews and the dark folks and, you know, what group should we cuter to next? Just like that old W.S. newscraft, but at Barbara Stirling, man, I remember those days like it was just yesterday, the Jewish people, I love my love, my love, my love, my love, oh my god, the city is real, I love, oh, and the old Jews that were crawling from that man, it was unbelievable. Nasty, miserable bitch, phony is a $44 bill. The Jewish people, I love my love, yeah, right, you should live so long. Go back in a kitchen with Senator Hill from a highly and see what you can cook up, honey. What do I ever happen to some of those people? I don't have the interesting to find out what happened to some of these, yeah, I used to work with all of these a lot of many, that, Barbara Stirling? Oh, I don't know. Do you have some of these? I think should I have been spoken. Oh, that one, maybe a Senator Hill Smoter. This is New Rogers. I see him in this. It's 5.16. It's... Go Rogers, huh? 1, 2, 3, 4, more bombs drop. Oh, I'm 6, 7, 8, more bombs drop. I'm 10, 11, 12, more bombs drop. We're going to drop. We're going to drop. Around the black one, all the drops have bombs in, they go dead. Loosen that red, right off their heads. We're going to bounce around the black two night. We're going to bounce off on the black two night. Up there, lights, we're going to bounce on the black two night. We're going to bounce off on the black two night. Here's a video. Go, bounce off. Grab a glass. We're going to drop. That ball up. There, that's where you're going to bounce around the black two night. We're going to bounce off. Up there, lights, we're going to bounce on the black two night. Go, grab. 6, 6, stop. Open. 3, go. I can just see it now. Man dog and Jim Kick and... Well, Nick Vonaconis and it was George W. And that's something we're talking about. Sports, you know? A little boy. Just makes me want to peep my guts out. You know, a few come all that bacon ate this morning. You can. Come on, 46 at 5.60WQA and we got guilty come up and do the elder before. We're every time. Mad Dog is four. He should be ashamed of himself. Remember I was talking about how we gave all that money to Bob Graham? Yeah. I think you're what that website is. You can go and find out how much money anybody donated. Well, I guess that was good for business. You know, first construction business. Call covered in all your ass on all sides. Vote cheeks. 10 roll. You're very favored. Good. He writes, when you care enough to do the very least. Are we the world's policemen? Or are we an empire? The rest of the world has gotten many made up his mind about us. The president of the Pew Research Center, who's latest pull of foreigners fine, the United States more than ever, says, obviously when you get many more people saying that the US is as much of a threat to world pieces of ran, and some measure of how much the war in Iraq is staffing goodwill to the US. But we Americans remain deeply divided over American values and intentions, at a time that we got our story straight. In 1975, in Philip A.D. published his explosive memoir of his careers as CIA operative, inside the company. The former black ops specialist provided proof of our critics had long suspected that the US government had assassinated popularly elected foreign leaders and propped up brutal right wing dictatorships and companies in like Ecuador, you are away next to come in Argentina throughout the 60s and 70s. Published in the wake of watergate in the forced resignation of Berkshire Nixon, discussed with the dirty deemings described by age, you can prove it to a reformist way that the regime and the court have successfully been for the presidency in 76. Upon taking off his card to declare the sole of our foreign policy to be concerned for human rights. Card to declare it in the 1997 interview, I announced that human rights would be a cornerstone or foundation of our entire foreign policy, so I first laid designated every US ambassador and received my personal human rights representative, and as the embassy be a haven for people or suffer from views by their own government. And every time a foreign leader met with me, he knew that human rights in their country would be on the agenda. And I think that this was one of the seminal changes that was brought to US policy. And over the 30 weeks of his term, I suggested Ronald Reagan, this evolved this policy and sent an emissary down to Argentina and a Chilean to Brazil to the military dictators and said the human rights policy curve card was over, it was just a few months before he saw that the American people supported this human rights policy and that it was good for his administration. So after they became a strong protector of human rights as well. The media and the public interpreted card to human rights based foreign policy as welcome radical and sweeping. There were voice-immons consistencies, card to state department continued arm and finance of violent dictators of Haiti, the Philippines and Iran, nevertheless the CIA was subjected to budget pressing congressional oversight. Subsequently, US military involvement in Panama, Somalia, Kosovo Afghanistan and Iraq were wholly or when significant part marketed as attempts to liberate the oppressed and protect human rights. Carder and Reagan convinced Americans of all political stripes that defending the helpless, stopping genocide, overthrowing tyrants, were our country's basic duties. We still do. Even though 63% of Americans say they approve of their own government's use of torture, 86% continued to believe that promoting and defending human rights in other countries as US foreign policy goal is important. And in August 2003, an investor's business daily Christian Sands Monitor pool found that 81% of Americans think that the impact the US has on the rest of the world under a democratic values and human rights is a positive one. If we're so nice, why do they hate us so much? The trouble with putting human rights first is that we have to do it all the time, and every case even when it costs as economically, integrity requires doing what is right, even when it hurts. The 4G of me Carter, American foreign policy was a straightforward and cynical real politics. We fought in South Korean South Vietnam as if we were moving pieces on a coldward chessboard instead of blasting children to bits. The despotic regimes we defended there were more brutal than their enemies. Afterwards we became hypocrites. We went into Somalia which controlled a strategic fortimentary for oil tankers, but not were one of which had no significant natural resources. We backed out of who's saying when Iraq airs into granted, look at oil concerns, and the protestions to politically connect and muddy nationals, and attack them when he didn't. A true human rights-based foreign policy would require regime change warfare against the biggest evil doers in the world, including those willing to do business with us. What we have now is a Chinese menu, pick one from column A and one from column B and Mishmosh. What do we do whatever we want? We come up with a justification human rights to WMV's imminent danger after the fact. People like this better when we didn't pretend to be so nice. That's your buddy Ted Rawl. It's a good guy. It's just our turn to us, dude. You didn't have to be so nice about loving spoonful and Johnson Bastion. I should've said so. For a place of knowledge all Sebastian from WSYZ and Detroit. 595 OST will make a lot. We might make it to a close to 1200 day. That would be pretty good. Because the summer dog needs the way it works when it gets to the last right for the ass end, just before the kids have to go back to school. That's why, well that's what everybody really builds on. Late summer vacation, you know, of course it's not that late. But based on the new calendar now, this is the new world order. Kids go back to school on the first four week of August. Madness, lunacy. Are you kids out there, skip school, okay? Tell them that Uncle Neal said it was okay. Go back after Labor. Go back when you feel like it. They're not teaching any truth anyway. Go out and get some. Like Sigourney Weaver said, the good stuff, whatever whatever it is, whatever is the good stuff you've got to get it. Robert Sheer writes, Israel's dependency on the drug of militarism. Robert Sheer leads to be Neal A. Townsville with two OST and two liberal. Well, I feel like I'm Tuesday, I did the whole four hours and I think when I do it again today. Certainly not taking any calls. I got that monitor turner. It's just a position. How do you like that? Oh, I got a call. Anyway. Hi. Yeah. We can get some of those on there. That's why I turned a monitor off. I'm not tempted. Because being weak like everybody else, every now and then, as to those lines, start flashing up. I don't think so. Maybe next week, although I won't be here next week, I'll be on vacation. So you take extra calls next week. I'll take them twice. Okay. Hi. Robert Sheer says those who mindlessly support Israel right around from prison and bush on through the Chilean Congress and the media, betrayed the security of the Jewish state. They are enablers who have incurred Israel's dependency on the drug of militarism as a false escape from the difficult accommodation needed to bring peace to the Middle East. Far too many pundits and politicians, I'm sorry. For too many pundits and politicians, bombing just seems so much simpler until it's happened in Conor Lebanon on Sunday. Those bombs blew up to your nation's disgrace, slaughtering scores of innocence, was only crime to be with to be caught in the crossfire. Crossfire. The alternative of the stress of success of violence and authentic peace process had been supported by every American president and seri Truman. It was abruptly abandoned, indeed ridiculed by the Bush administration, which bizarrely believes it can recreate the Middle East in a more US-friendly form. The president of the spread of this process, with a simplistic, good versus evil template, which has the Christian wife and Jewish Israel on the US unnecessary collision, course with a Muslim world. Israel foolishly jumped at the tempting opportunity presented by Bush, who believes all the complex issues divided in the Middle East can be neatly summarized as the choosing of sides in a playground game called the post 9-11 War on Terror. The current crisis is part of a larger struggle between the forces of freedom and the forces of terror in the Middle East, where it says Monday, when democracy spreads in the Middle East, the pickle of that trouble region will have a better future we said. Apparently Bush's unclear on the fact that Lebanon's prime minister elected after the country celebrated Cedar Revolution has condemned the uncritual support provided by the West for Israel since this configuration began, or that has been a part of the democratic government because of its popularity among the Shi'id Muslims of southern Lebanon. Bush's neo-con foreign policy Kabbal argued that troublesome regime, such as that of Sadah Hussein, could be easily transformed into pliable, worse-weaning democracies. Instead, the opposite has happened. Throughout the region, elections had by Bush have turned out to be a vehicle for the expression of religion fueled rage against Israel and its U.S. sponsor. Even the elected leaders in liberated Iraq and its liberated encodes are denouncing Israel on the U.S. On Monday, the Iraqi Prime Minister appeared at a memorial service which he and other speakers condemned Israel. Grand Aitola Ali Al-Sus-Stani, the most important leader in post-2sand Iraq, wrote from his usually circumspect public statements to denounce his outrageous crime while Maktana al-Sadah leader of the country's most powerful militia and to keep parliament re-blocked, re-old against the ominous trio of the West's Israel in Britain which is terrorizing Iraq, Lebanon, Afghanistan, and other occupied nations. Meanwhile, Israel would be a support as ignore what it had learned towards occupation of Palestinian territories and previous disaster attempts to subdue Lebanon, compromise from a position as strength as more effective than seeking a purest total victory. Not only has each attempt to curse old for resistance to be get more radical and disciplined enemies, such as Hensbalah and Hamas, but the likelihood of rage fueled blowback is exponentially increased. There is going to be another 9-11 and then we're going to hear all the usual clap-trap about our habits good versus evil and they hate us because we're good and democratic and they hate our values and all the other material that comes out of the rear end of a bull, loved in the independent correspondent Robert Fisk to learn if you were any goodman on the radio program you now after watching dozens of children's corpses being stuffed in the planetic bags or wrapped in rugs. It is true that the Israeli withdrawals of the pantheon indicate nearly complete in the case of Lebanon and cynically minimal in the Palestinian territories did not resolve all of this future staff all the violence. Yet the abandonment of the peace process and the renewed reliance on bombs will perform more costly for Israel. Long after Bush's gone from office Israel would be threatened by a new generation of enemies whose political memory was decisively shaped by these horrible images emerging from Lebanon. At that point is ready to attempt to make peace with those who must coexist with will recognize that such friends such as Bush and his neocon mentors with such friends they would not like for enemies. I mean like that. I like it a lot. Bobby's sure not good enough for the early times but good enough for this show probably for these and if I send it. Oh is that what it is? That sounds like it. All these Jewish anti-Semoises like they will come. Must be like an epidemic. You think so? I'm still hating a lot about going around. Yeah. So hating humans like me. Not you. Right. So out. I'm getting paid. When you're going to step up to the plate and put on your glad bearer man and start waving your media no chick. We're going to have a nightmare here. And I'm glad that communist country all of us are flooring up. Maybe tomorrow another job. You're my bearer. You're my Israel. And Israel. That's why everybody's letting America go to hell because they don't give a crap. But I got some bigger fish to fry. Like all those bombs bursting in air over there to got on CNN. Look at that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Thank God. So it's only a toast to a cloud though. You know, you start. Yeah. You really work when you see the mushroom cloud. But only a toast to a cloud. It only kills like, you know, a few people. But it's a meal Roger. You're turning the ass into Symbiet. It's five, sixty, two, five, six, six. Yes, lap and all women would paint their lips around the pole. I listen to the meal Roger's one or two. Yeah, I mean, I listen to any other answers. They are now in one or two hours. What the fuck? What the fuck? I'm a little bit... I'm a little bit... I'm a little bit... I'm a little bit... Right. Don't like... All the hard burn. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see... Just go, go, go, go, go. That's a pretty hard and it can't work. Don't go, go, go, go. I'm a little bit... Who's president of the f***er? Right, I'm a little bit muscled in. And in our team, we're there's idiot. I don't know why. I pray all the wonders I have alive in season. I swear with a leg toward you. I'm shouldn't be president of the f***er. All the hard burn. What the fuck? All the hard burn. All the hard burn I feel too... I'm a little bit muscled in. And yet, we go, go to more... Who are... Here, you're one best. Come on, come on. Mix, drumming, stupid. I've got a red, no, no, no, no. I'm a strong, rich kid. Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? The more than we... I'm a piece president of the f***er. You don't care what it's all. You got a man behind her front door. You're a Christian, you're a... Those boys are doing dumb. You and I are the hell called being. We've got a great leader. What the heck? With president of f***er. What the hell? I've got a fucking... That little shrunken head man. Oh, brother. The ashes of the word. I see Miguel's got the Godfather wallpaper again on our...my space page. Yes. Thank goodness for that. Thank God. Thanks God. There's a really interesting clip on there about Toronto. Is that? Did you watch that? No. There's a video on here about to see... You know, one of those... Huh? Yeah, somebody posted a comment. No, I don't know. No, I don't know. It's a tourist village. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a sea and tower and there's a lake on Terio. Huh? Yeah, Miguel put that on there. He said. What was that nice? There's Tom Brady and there's his...safely ass. Tom Brady was mysteriously missing from Campa from...that...what are they doing? The other day. Did you see that, Josh? As I did. I was out searching for him. I couldn't find him. I wanted something that they wanted to see him. The US Justice Department will monitor today's primary local elections in Shelby County, Tennessee, raw story says. It doesn't get much more rob and intonacy, believe you mean. They're really raw. They're the U. The county includes the city of Memphis. Memphis has been the set of questionable election management, including a recent election in Shelby, where a number of ballots were cast by dead people. You know why they have questionable elections in Memphis, don't you? I give up. You know, who is in Memphis? Lots of dark folks. Oh, who vote Democrat. I thought you were going to say Elvis. Elvis, he's in Graceland, man. Where is Graceland? I don't know. I thought it was out of Memphis. It is? I don't know. Oh, that's Google it. Let's all go to Graceland. What are you saying? No. Oh my god. I'd rather read the Mel Gibson's to Resigame and hear about the Graceland. What are these people trying to tell us? I have no life. Memphis. Graceland is in Memphis? I'd like to. Oh, no. The Department indicated in a release today that it will watch and record activities during voting hours at various polling locations in Memphis to ensure compliance with a voting rights act. They're even going to have to let some of you dark folks vote. Not too many, though. The laws we knew recently signed by President Bush had become a source of controversy with in certain congressional Republican factions because they don't like a lot of too many dark folks vote. Because that's bad for Republicans. So voting rights act. But that it was a no comment. I mean, the fact that they even have to like debate whether they're going to renew it or not. And there's certain Republicans like that. Oh, no, we don't want that. We don't want that dark for. And next thing, you know, they'll be letting like, write to life people vote. Right. Let's connect that poll tab while we're at it. And that's it. Like in Georgia and it canzons. 1122 votes. We've got a shot again in close to 1200 during the show today. That'll be on the front page of the Washington Post tomorrow. On the third of August in the middle of dog days, Nearrogger show gets 1200 votes on it's meaningful. I mean, it's big and meaningful, you know. I was thinking during that last break. They're probably are some deluded souls out there who think, who think, think that I believe that by doing all of this in court, carrying on about these stories, you know, that I'm like making a difference in impact. I know I, it just makes me feel better. Sure. So at least when I hang up this microphone, I can say, well, you know, at least I try to do something, you know. Try to tell you, don't blame me. Don't blame me. I voted for Gore. I voted for Kerry. Don't blame me for this crap. And then George can say, well, I put all those dumb colors on. That's right. Tom, there's a call from Dave, somebody. It says, what would you do if you were, oh, you know, they must be second because that was just also thinking about this during the break. I was thinking about that very disturbing business about mad dog and Jim Kick. Kicking it all fell and having dinner with El Presidente. I would, if they paid me 50 grand cash, small bills, I would not go. Would you go? And you can't, you must be asking, Josh. Oh, Josh would go, however, for me, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here. He would just go for the free meal. I would for 50 grand. Only when I went. Then I could offer you 50 cent, okay? Maybe a penny cent showed up, but maybe you'd be there. Josh, don't cramp. I've never even, I've never even there. All I know is that everybody tells me, you can get much better stone cramps. A lot of other places. I'd say there are three, three times that if you gave me a certificate, all expenses paid, I would give it away to somebody. Not worth the effort. There you go. It's a state of mind. It's like a forge. It's the same thing. You know, it's a place where a lot of plastic people go to be seen. And there's shoes, and there's shoes, and there's some where they may to be. And I'll stuff like that. Thanks, Alex, if they're there, but then again, in Hank, would have a few less meals, he'd live a lot longer. How's he doing by the way? I haven't seen him for a long time. I saw him on TV there, and I, oh my god, last time I saw him, I looked like an apartment complex. They do it fine. I'm talking about his weight. His size, his blood sugar, all of these things. Oh, okay. And, oh, okay. Silence, sometimes speaks in my mind. He speaks in my mind. He's big, big boy. I was, I was thinking about Fatso, that scene where he's talking to his dead mother. What do you think of your baby boy or Chubby boy now, Ma? Remember that scene? Yes. Oh, that, he, I got me honest with you, you know? I mean, some people, you know, I'm certain because they know not that he's a, which, not to disinembe wrong, whatever. But he's a panic, he really, because even in those really bad burrettles movies, that's what I was just going to get to. Yeah. He's funny. Can ball-grown metals isn't funny. Although I think burrettles might be a, but that's another step. Huh? By association? No, I'm not by, I've never heard those rumors. Yes, of course. He's like one step away from Tom Stolic. I mean, a good, good question. Who said the most press conferences that deny that he's gay is a Tom Cruise, Michael Jackson, which is here. Richard, you're Tom Stolic, or maybe Kevin Spacey's going to have one. He's, you know, like half in and a half out. I don't know which half. Oh, let's see. It says here, what would you do if you were asked to have to know the person? One, say FU, two, go and gravel. Three, go and tell them what you think. What do you even have a chance to tell much of things? Oh, no, they wouldn't, they wouldn't. I don't know. Oh, yeah. They would drag your ass away there and throw you right in the Who's got with Cindy Sheen? No chance. Just not been thinking about it all, you people. How much, how much self-respect could you possibly have to go and have dinner? Yeah, and this is, well, any president, you know, I, and then, Well, that's not the point, not any president. They're just because they have a title, doesn't make them the same. Correct. I have dinner with Bill Clinton. Sure, you could tell. You know, heart stories. Have some good chalena, and I guarantee it wouldn't be a Joe Stone crab either. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562. Hey, hey, hey, hey. It's day. It's my anti-chal. That's just a big group of five six-row. W-Q-A-A. People all over the world are losing a damn mother. Sounds like it. And get my fellow low-end friends. And maybe I'm the voting. But he has open fire. We got bitteries. We got bombers. Sarding, warning. On tractors and martyrs. We got profits. I guess prices. They're going up by $6. The improvised explosive devices. And the world does not get what it's all for. Not cost, you know, this is just what. There's trouble from roughness who fight with their fists. Go home, Oliver. Money money money money money. Redder goes to the U.S. We can't buy you crazy or something. We're more fun than we are now. We got average. We got voted. She thinks people will vote for me. The kids will do angry to notice. Everyone else will be dead and poor. Our majority of managers are all going to die. We're going to live in the living room. I love this world. I'm assuming you saw that the piece about that children's hospital in Iraq that was supposed to be ready by. Yeah, and I say we're building up. That till was building. And we were put on NBC News last night. It was for his time. It's here. We're a rat. We're going to say the Brian Williams introduced it with a shot. You know, he said, you know, we're always accused here in the media of not presenting the good things that are happening in Iraq. Like the children's hospital. Well, here's the real story. And of course it's like about about 30 minutes. We're saying completed. It's a shell of a building. It's not going to be completed. And it can't do anymore work there anyway. Even if they had the funds because there's too much bloodshed and mayhem going on, but nevertheless. Let's see. Now, well, there's so many of us have said, oh, this must be Jim DeFedis sending us this. So we're looking for a promotion. The station's website features a countdown clock that ticks off. They're still present in bushes out. That's just, here America. Looking. I see during a sometimes heated exchange between the host and the candidate, the Phoebe revived a topic that Charlie Chris faced last year whether he is gay. The point is I'm not that's the answer. How do you like it, Chris said? Not that there's anything wrong with it as they say on sign filled, but I just happened not to be. He was married for about six days. He got all the months, whatever it had to go on. Didn't work out. Doesn't work that way. He is, yeah, an liar, but nevertheless. So this trip to Phoebe's show, he wants to set it off audience and he can work. I have no idea what time he's on. And the goddess by the way is on three to seven. Wow, wow. I didn't realize that. I saw that somewhere on the internet. So I was scouring all my stories. Speaking of stories, I should have discussed this with you off the other morning. Oh, there is host on that's Rowa. Nice to out fit. Comfortation on the ground. Nice head year. These confrontations on the ground happen in now. On the ground. It is started from day one. Have you liked that XN? He's speaking out, let's be in these. It's held. I don't care. Well, is there just going to say, oh, yeah, I'll do the stories for tomorrow. Okay. And then after that, you're on your own. I got it for a while. And then I'll, uh, then for a week from Monday, I'll give you a month. Right. I'll give myself a little time. Especially since I've been doing your search if you'm on your spave, we're all Long-term sure, Josh ain't too happy about it. Although I, you say more stories than I do. Sometimes I'm just trying to catch up with you. That's all. It'll be nice. Painter, paste, because you sent all those anti-sonatic stories. I'm not going to start posting anything that's a little. Very, well, that's what I've been doing. Those are the ones that we want to hear from our real anti-sonatic guy. 1144 votes on a pool, boy. We're so close. You can almost taste it. Everyone's so close to you. You can almost, oh, man, more times than I want to count. Yeah, I know. Well, you never quite get there. No, damn it. Only once. 1100. Yeah. I know. Well, you never quite get there. No, damn it. Only once. 1100. I'm going to Berlin right now. I'm leaving. I'm going to conduct a one-man search party. Oh, God. 1145 votes on a pool. We need 55 more for 1200. If we knew 1200 by 200, I would leave here today and go on vacation and see them like I had accomplished like I had a moved amount in man. Remember over the mountain by Johnny and Joe? Over the mountain is good song. On a blue label, I do believe. I remember the label. How is it that, you know, as you get older, you remember such a thing? You remember such an important thing. You know, you can't get to my view. The important thing is like, there it is. I knew you come through because I know what's on it. It's in my iPod. And all far like you's got an iPod. You bet you. 3300 songs in your baby. Johnny and Joe and I made a very smart one. It wonders. Oh, it's all great. Good song. That's enough with though. A new gal pool released today revealed another upward bump in the number of Americans who now want a complete U.S. Troopids Ralph from Ranking the next 12 months. Another upward bump. Kind of like those kids in London, less than on, they got an upward bump. The number now stands at 55% of Americans who want to complete with a draw in X-12 months with 19% supporting immediate withdrawal. And I've given to Labor Day. And another 36% wanting to done by August 2007. While the percentage of Americans who threw, and by the way Jim, the fetus, if you are in the fact that he's in front of a staff in office, you stay off the television. Okay. I don't know if he's still on that segment there on Channel 4. Give his fat ass off of there. My God. I'd rather see who's the guy that they would have him hocks. I'll turn it on. Sunshine. Ever the cropping, see him again. By the way, Al, some of this age, while you're aging badly, like Tony Sigaretto. But at the couple times he could learn for Hanky sounded like a hundred year old man. He sounded like what Boka brought the chicken necklace like on the webpage. While the percentage of Americans who favor withdrawal of all U.S. troops either now or within a year is not a super majority, it is a majority suggesting that the democratic leadership is speaking to an issue that resonates with many Americans, Frank Newport director of the Republican leading Gallup poll rights today. Another majority, 54 percent now says that the U.S. invasion in 2003 was a mistake. 54 percent, which of course ought to be 94 percent, but then again going back to my choice for today's poll, there are a lot of really stupid people out there. The partisan divide remains wide open on the question of withdrawal. 77 percent of Democrats want the U.S. troops out in the year and only 28 percent of Republicans. It depends back in 12 months, poll out at 56 percent, as in Q56. And I'll forget this show. You're fair, but the Q and Q 56. What's Q's there for? It's queer. Yeah. Danny Schrechter writes, how to watch the news in the time of crisis on media channel, that says website. I'm telling you, if you want, if you want to find out what's really going on in the world, if you can't give BBC on your cable, which most you probably can't, unless you have a satellite dish, I think it's on this TV, BBC. Play it today along a stretch of the world. There it is. It's going to be probably sitting the cities of Yangyang and Yangyang and Yangyang. I'm not saying what's going on in the world. What are you talking about to the brids? But anyway, you've got to go to the amendment. Now, that's why our website is such a tremendous coverage service. And too bad, especially now during the dog days, that we don't have a lot more people reading those stories, because I work my ass off every day, even on days when I'm not working on a year, to get those good stories on a red Josh court. It's works feverishly, to give it up a lot of booze in a whole time, that he could be doing it to get those on a guy occasionally. You know, I understand he works it, and he just does both at once. Oh, well, on a weekend probably more so one and the other. Now lately he's been this last Sunday, but he really would need himself. I guess the fact that I whispered something about it, she really got him off his dead ass, or somebody else's. Daddy Shakespeare says, here's a lesson learned in the lifetime of watching wars on TV and reading about them in the press. You can't trust a media, and you can't necessarily even trust yourself. It's the rare person who approaches a conflict like the one in Lebanon that we're watching every night with the background information to understand what's on and front of our own eyes. Like in baseball, you can't know the players without a scorecard. Having opinions are easy developing it in analysis is not. Sometimes he don't need to know much when he watched the bodies of their babies being extracted from a building that's being bombed. It's easy to get in big and about atrocities, and if human car is doesn't raise your sadness, you have a lot to work to do on your humanity. At the same time, the real world is so much more complex than the dumb downbursts we get in the media, take the current conflict. There is no doubt that the massive media coverage is elevated for a regional conflict into a world issue, it influences the Namos public opinion in the year of world is now impacted in the West as well. At the start, the issues were framed narrowly, it appeared to be about the kidnapping and soldiers in the Israel government's reaction, that just was simple to understand, a crime had been committed, hostages were held, and some response seemed warranted. As the fighting began, Israel's concerns dominated the news, and its spin was more or less accepted as gospel. But then, it became clear there was more to it much more. First, there had been a killing of a family in Gaza by Israeli warplanes that fed the first fires of revenge and retribution to the Palestinians as soldiers of the occupied New Zayla Jidimate target. Incidents like this have happened before, even the soldiers father seemed to understand that and was critical of his own government for what happened next. To everyone's surprise, Israel launched a massive display of firepower with an escalation of aerial bombardments as an aerial sharon, suddenly in the eastern and more thin of the start of a war. Palestinian policies were seized, Gaza was invaded again, the parliament and government buildings were attacked. Even as day by day events were being reported, it became clear this was not just to be a prizele, but also a pretext for a well-planned escalation, and B.C. Martin Fletcher reported that Israel's military work plan had been five years in the making, nobody picked up on his scoop. And then came Lebanon, same scenario, soldiers captured, were still not clear if they were in Israel or Lebanon when taken, Israeli bomber screamed into retaliation mode. Even his blaster, they were taken by surprise. They saw the issue as part of an ongoing series of prison exchanges, because many of their soldiers had earlier been kidnapped and held in Israel. What's the bombing of Lebanon began? His beloved retaliated with his rocket attacks. The bombing intensified, often without precision or proportionality, people began to die. Israel regretted the loss of life, but claimed hezbollah was using civilians as shields. Hezbollah responded, they said in self-defense, the war blew up into a crisis. In the early days, the U.S. media did not fully report on civilian suffering, but as the war wound on the coverage wound up, suddenly the world was seeing the horrors of a country being destroyed. But there has been this media did not fully report on civilian suffering, but as the war wound on the coverage wound up, suddenly the world was seeing the horrors of a country being destroyed. But there has been more than this going on, and that's where the biggest media failures are, in closely examining the world played by the U.S., Israel's prime benefactor, all this. Was walking in in charge into what the great, who was using whom, is the little war setting the stage for a bigger one? We know this is an issue, but what about the interest behind it? Is this a case of today Lebanon tomorrow Iraq? What are the goals of the I think it should say Iran? It says Iraq? What are the goals of each of the many parties to the conflict? Do we even know is it even being reported? And that's where the media failure is most blatant. It too often lacks context and background and so to we. Many of us don't know the history, but still rely on well-conditioned images in persons and ethnic loyalties. Many Jews take an Israel always right never wrong posture. Some Arabs have deep hatreds that cloud an understanding of how and why the U.S. is often stage managing the conflict from the shadows. Even the left is divided. A leader of Boston Mobilization Rights, I've never seen anything specific for rest of community like the current situation in the Middle East. I believe that if dialogue is shut down now, and the name is support for Israel, just after was after 9, 11, and the name of patriotism, that we're playing into the hands of the Bush administration's war games. And so this crisis challenges all of us to go beyond the superficiality of the of our updating, breaking news, and study the background, who are the players who is running the show in Israel and Washington, what is the real game plan? Watch what the politicians do, and that's what they say. Don't become a prisoner of mainstream press either. Take responsibility for your media choices. Read widely in seek out favor sub opinions. He is really pressed. The Lebanese press and alges zero.net or all online with many other online sources, including global voices online, one called our common media channel. Independent reporters like Darja Malar often posted the truth on the ground and big media. Programs like Mozé, a kind of link to the end of our course you now, often have more accurate and well-sourced news. Call on your favorite bloggers to stop ignoring the issue for fear of alienating their readers. Don't be lazy and let others think for you for you. Terrible. I'm bigger part of it. Terrible. 130, there's one either Castro. I need to please my brother. Me, is my brother. I beg. 130, if 56, you'd have any kimchi so schmalsy, you know, one either. She could almost be Jewish. Holy Macanad, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and here listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Can you read this make a hole, mass the end of the hole, non-sey-anic Holy Attack. Please, for God of Paris, as you practice giving holy ass and start to admire your new take. See, for you, well, your daddy rules it down. Take the power for the mistakes of Hamilton. Joe, to know what's well's in smells. All the time you're all the news, they can't get enough of you. We poison that. See, Ray Mars, they point this camera's low when you're on a pungent show. To see your path is in a wall. A dog to sleep a little bit. I'm analyzing the ribs of hostess Jail Reef, I'm looking cloud. The media got shows over Anne with a enormous manly hand. And the biggest Adam's apple in town. You bet you've dropped your war. Amen, and to that, plenty of six still two. We got guilty. Coming up into a clock man to get back to switch gears and get back to important stuff. Fast sports. Now we're talking. Thanks again to our winback for making a sports number of so-weedy fantastic and a springboard. Let's see, able me and June was this spring. And when was the NBA playoff going on, Josh? Was it like in June? Yes. Well, I bet you didn't have any impact. At least not a positive one anyway. All right, shacked off. On and on and on. Well, that's what you think. No, I got the numbers right here. You want to go through them again? 116 nine hosts. Oh, what do you add in all? Do you think we can do 31 hosts in 25 minutes? That should be easy enough. Sure. We're going to more than one a minute. Huh? Why not? You can do it, folks. If you try. 1171. That's 29 minutes and 25. That's like, what a minute. God, if we can't get one vote a minute, we ain't got nobody out there. Let me say 22 if that is another one. There's another one. What question bugs you the most? Can the world survive George W. Bush 295? And on you people by the way that voted for him. On you people that voted for George W. Bush. I would write now and stop whatever you're doing. And I look at my hands. Okay. If they're ready, that's the blood that's on your hands. You have the blood of a lot of these innocent people and little children. And all these other people, all these sluppers on your hands. And if you continue defending that choice, then you're really. I would go to like on 441 where they have all the pawn traps. Yeah. I'll get a piece and I'll play Russian rule out with a fully loaded piece. And just do us all a favor. So we don't have to put up with your crap again. If you let stupid. Like I said, if all those exilios, if they should go back to Cuba. Oh man, the political scene in South Florida would change dramatically. Yeah. Then they will fear us. That's for damn sure. All those right wing crap. Then if we could send all the crackers back to Georgia. That's probably how it evolved when you think I shouldn't have said evolved. Yeah. All the crackers kind of floated down from the floor line as then to Georgia. And then into Florida. That's before all the New Yorkers, all the Jews came in. And then of course the Cubans. 1172 votes. What question? Vogue of the most can a world survived George W. The 295. Does Aunt Colt have a penis 158? Think about it. And of course that's really timely after that last bit about her gigantic Adam Zappel. Those muggle hand in hand. Is there a life after death on with I? 119. Don't come in. Where? There wasn't supposed to be. Oh, where is Osama 98? Who kills AFK 92? Oh, couldn't have been that Lee Harvey Oswald? Could it? No. No chance. And I say it again. What was the name of that guy that says the consp- Oh, it's you. That was something of his name. He's so full of crap. That wrote that book about the final case closed. Oh. All the shills all the time. And who's that would be a good pull question one day. Who's the world's biggest chill? Who? Now the information that I gave you from Wikipedia about Wolf Blitzkrieg on Tuesday. I think it'd give you a real good idea where he's coming from. How was Shilling? I mean, Shilling. That really was. Have you seen this spot with a little Richard? Yes. Yes. Wow. Look at him. Oh, guys. Expecting to get a recording. Someone was gonna help me. Help me. Somebody. Help me. Guys, I've got my claim in the works right. Alright, it's all technical. It's a copy radio here on 5. 6. We W.P. or M.7.2. So two of the guys on the roof. I think it's probably one of the guys I let him.