You go! Oh! Crayer stand up act with bad lost his mind and it was sad I can like a turtleneck framing me and words a crowd victim of hers Acting jobs he cannot find that is why he lost his mind But he went his eyes attacking the black guys that saw a car here dies This is not the skin, there's no way to win just as no gift says Or his unsteadyed skin he'll have a run in when they'll start dead When completely all this dream I owe the dollar back to me He had a bad day and I heard someone say he said, okay, okay But all the chies on leatherband body choice the list of men who showed on his free chest like Jimmy's on free Chies on to the song Ten out to it five sixty w came out forgot about that long gap and there I could have put a few of those in there But I forgot oh, let's talk it to be my age when he had to be a dodging old queen Anyway, it's a ten out to a five sixty w qm it's Wednesday and number twenty-nine th is a one forty five year-wise. Oh, please And we're gonna take a potload of calls today, believe you me and I also got the sea I decided At least for the time being least till two o'clock I decided it'll be like kind of mix and match, you know, which I think I was doing that for quite a while there remember that yeah Yeah, yeah, take a few calls, but not too many and still have a pretty good stack of crap here, you know There's not like having a good stack of crap, which I always have you like this story This is where we'll create a lady a mother was arrested on suspicion of murdering her newborn daughter by microwaving the baby in an oven All right You're being sarcastic when you said I'd love it, right? China Arnold 26 was jailed Monday in a charge of aggravated murder more than a year after she brought her dead month old baby to hospital Bill was set yesterday at a million bucks got a picture of China. She's looks like she's been through the ringer We have reasonably we have some forensic evidence that is consistent with our belief that a microwave oven was used in this death said can best Directed the Montgomery County coroner's office. That's in Dayton, Ohio He said the evidence included high heat internal injuries in the absence of external burn marks on the baby Paris tally Sure like Paris so casino and Vegas. I'll take it then arm of his arrest it's was arrested soon after the baby said I do like it Of course you haven't been in there. No, what about Josh you've been in Paris? Yes, I have Milton. No, not Paris. Hilton Jesus What a grotesque thought but in any rate. It's like outdoors. You know, it's got like a fake sky and like all kinds of crap And it's you feel like you're gambling outside and losing your ass by the way, and it got some really neat restaurant stuff like that Arnold was arrested soon after the baby's death August 2005 then was released while authorities investigated further Bed set the case was difficult because did not allow the scientific research and data on the effect of microwaves on human beings I wouldn't think so you think there'd be a lot of research on the probably not not The death was ruled homicide by her hyperthermia or high body temperature the absence of external burns Real out an open flame scalding water or heating pad as the cause Arnold's lawyer John Paul Reall said his client had nothing Do other child's death and was stunned when investigators told her that a microwave might have been involved I wonder if there was room for a kitty cat in there too China as a mother in a person was horrified that Titson I could occur we all said the night before the baby was taking the hospital The child's father went out for a short time and left Paris with a baby sitter we on said the mother didn't sense anything out of the ordinary till the next morning When the child was found unconscious she's about to hear the children I say in 2000 Virginia woman was sentenced to five years in prison For killing her muffled son in a microwave Elizabeth Renee opti claimed she had no memory of cramming her son in the microwave And turning on the appliance in 1999 she had issues she had some problems Here's our full result from yesterday and by the way Rick Shaw's retiring That's where we'd been over that had about the news You know normally yesterday said he was kind of shocked and I was too to be honest with you for a free you know far be it for me to agree with that that's Screamer but he was shocked that Rick Shaw was calling me that I should have been calling him to congratulate him You know, but Chris I didn't know nothing about it. I mean we had the article from the hero, but I mean as far as you know Where would it help us are gonna call him right right like we got that number? Of course not but I mean called in the basically kiss my answer again. I think Rick's got a real thing for me And I mean that's why he's to give me that kind of smile that he football games and those dolphin games I think Rick's got enough session with me Anyway, the employee yesterday the calls are back what's your take? 1435 votes Oh, listen regardless 523 36.4% no matter what we do even if we make like that sound for four hours They'll still listen which we love those people and maybe we'll make that sound for four hours The callers blow 283 that's almost 20% but we got it under 20 19.7% the callers No Time will tell 257 Thank God 209 the calls are back. Thank the Lord for that. Thank you God I'll screamer big improvement 128. I hate this poll only 35 2.4% so that's the reason I'm yesterday's poll now today's poll more so many polls and so little time That's why I always look at life guys who and this kind of fits right in with that and thanks to ever sent this in Facts to us this poll and these times somebody sends us a even a reasonably decent poll idea I think them profusely because it is a bitch as you know. Oh, yeah coming up with these poll ideas every day I mean yeah, we go back in the fault. We bring back one. We did like 234 years ago Something like that. Can you believe it's going to be well, how long would you been doing the polls then? Hundred year would know the answer to that how long? How long? Hundred years no seriously because if if December 30th is 10 10 years on q i m. Oh my goodness man. Oh my god Man these 10 or 30 I'm actually there's going to be a big big bash on that day Ha ha ha ha You I didn't even get a birthday card from them, I know remember 5 but didn't get a birthday card or if they are saying up yours you faddle trouble making faggot nothing but that's okay the less i have to do with them happy r i am guys who uh... shave or remove their uh... chest here are generally and we should probably put a waxy on their two jol find her feels like that we didn't put waxy because that because there's a thing on our mice page it says waxy is the way to do it you wax it off i mean do you yes guys who are shave or uh... remove hair from their chest generally are gay too seventy three it says here i didn't vote for that narcissistic one twenty seven well see i know this business about narcissistic i mean what's i i don't know bany no i know what i know what it means but i mean uh... what's wrong with trying to look good huh nothing some of us only wish we could look good by you know shaving anything your head easily manipulated by media imagery one thirteen but that's good i keep in mind this is my poll is as a semester fact this is so it's a little a maybe two usotiric for me easily manipulated by media imagery one thirteen okay you know what that sounds like gay yeah sounds like number one and two all over again perfectly normal one oh six in need of attention seventy two i voted for that but i don't think i really understood what that with that meant i was thinking more like a need of mental attention need of help uh... insecure sixty i mean like all this business about the bready quince shaving is to i'm going to say it again really quince can have anybody he wants anything alive even animals i mean anything he wants okay when you look like that when you're a big hot shot uh... jok star you you can do whoever you want you don't think right of course well so he doesn't need to shave his body here off to like a track that chicks are the right to do with three different in the three of the i think it's a need to shave his face i hate this pool forty seven five point one percent that's typical typical hard ass response that i'd expect from you because one thing i've learned about you all the years you i never wrong never no that's right and you're never out of touch with what's going on in the modern world oh i know i'm very much out of touch with the naked guys i know you're in touch with it i'm out of touch believe me i'm touching all i can i know i hate this pool forty seven that's five percent clean their clean 45 this because their shaman their body here doesn't mean they're clean they can be slabs in my right okay i mean i think i'm out of touch no i'll get a range thirty one show off thirty one and sixty seventeen well yeah who voted that's who they are out of nine thirty five votes nine thirty five and by the way will be please to know and we have no dropouts on our our screaming at i shouldn't have said that i should give my mom's shirt but you'll be pleased no way to pretty good the response listening on line yesterday even with those dropouts and those of you people are keep sending us faces about oh gee but we're trying to listen online yesterday that what are we going to do about it you know after we appreciate knowing that it's dropping out although i have a thing right here that shows how many dropouts we have during the show including we have many dropouts listening mm-hmm but uh... and calling but nevertheless i mean what are we going to do about it not the first day of once again all been out of shape i mean you know access if they fact that it says if i i you've had some dropouts on your just as informational kind of thing but the ones that are like belly aching like there's something we can do about it if it drops out it drops out you know if it slips out whatever just the way that that's what you're saying it falls out wow don't get me started on that bitch again and i'm a pretty good mood today and of course i got that new wall paper on my and i'm not going to discuss that on the ear though i would not care what i did would it no it's not a good idea to come across being obsessed with anybody and i mean like a like somebody like Brady Quinn that's a different category because he's like a public figure you know what i mean so do you have it centered tile or stretched haha i got a stretch aa aldee resources now that we got rid of the ne exploitaucoup more and yeah currents Quick home the kids move And they made a baby around the world Run you'll screw theonda page A kid will party up in front you Now get a bottle of the hair green And you keep your eyes with each weeks a job Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Well, speaking of, uh, right that Mr. Manage should be along two to four the second. No, then the power hour with the Humper and the Mad Dog together four to five. What a brilliant programming idea that is. Then we got Hupersolo between five and seven. No games tonight. Path is lost again last night. This time in a shootout in Montreal, one zippe, one zippe. They can't put the biscuit in the basket in the shootout in the shootout. And a shootout. That was in the covect nation by the wet Montreal. But, uh, so we got Hurricane Hotline a game where shops at sunset placed seven and nine in the hurricane craft. And then of course everybody go, oh, poor coach, co-curve, what you really suck. And then we got Craig Nish nine to ten. Little Mitch Marsh, Eddie Kittard. See, again, the schedule still screwed up. Eddie Kittard says a ten thirty. Are we signing off for transmitter maintenance from ten to ten thirty? This clearance boy, this child is just lost it. And I'm sure is not back from the hurricane game last night. There's no way. Is he there? No chance. No, yeah. No, of course not. How the hurricane's due last night in the Northwestern, uh, whatever the hell they did. They lost. They lost. The panthers lost and the hurricane basketball team lost on the same night. Are we cursed in South Florida? Aren't you cursed down there? I feel cursed. Anyway, speaking of curse, but I'll be messing with the microphone again. So if you hear some noise, it's me, patchking. No problem. I used a lot of noise and crap, okay. The audience is used to that. In fact, it's the part of our signal. Stuck in the on position again. So if you hear me, in fact, they go in here. A lot of noise and crap. They threw it around the wrong station. Another former altar boys filed lawsuit and date County claiming that the Reverend Gustavo Miyade, say highly a Catholic priest, sexually abused him in the early 1980. Oh my god. The suit is the second and as many months against Miyade's who resound last month from the post, at highly is immaculate conception church. Not a lot of their child molesting priest. Oh, that's hard to believe. In the first suit, a former altar boy accused Miyade's and the Reverend Pedro Hovey, a fatherly and raping him while attending a summer camp in 1981 at the same visit to Paul Regional Seminary in Boit and Beat. Let me say again, you parents out there that turn your children over in these pedophiles. You ought to be raped into yourself. That'll be in jail. I mean, we'll get raped into it. What's this facetist said? Holy moly. It says if you went on WQM, I'd be December 30th, 1997, you're upcoming at a Versu and Mark 9 years on the station, not 10. Wow. How do you like that? This is somebody that's really keeping track of crap, huh? Right. That can do better math and some of this. And it says, by the way, I was your very first QM caller. I'm sorry for what I started. When your first statement said initial show was, George Corso is God. Funny how things changed. A little bit we know, you know. And that's because he was working his ass off right up to, practically till we went on the year or 10 o'clock that morning to try to paste and punch key and put together a bunch of crap that they sent for equipment that was coming from all over in North America. Also, you recall you being amazed. One of the headhunter's left time at the time of U.W.W.W.M. to view a banding with station and deeming what does that say? And not dealing with any of the, what I can't read. It's chopped off. Oh, well, listen, that's Greg for you, man. When the going gets tough, Greg gets going out of town. And he always didn't need to always will. So it was. And he took the whole family and packed up and went to Chicago. Wasn't it? Okay. I wasn't. Our debut day because he didn't want to be around to try to like, you know, because he knew it was going to be a disaster. And actually it wasn't. We got everything was on the year just fine. And we're going to get back to this travel listing. Please, please. And at handwriting that printing there, it's a real chronic. You notice that? Oh yeah. So not only the first caller that we had, but obviously a real chronic fracture too. But thanks for the correction on it. So like I said, our nine years doesn't seem like 10. And it's like a hundred. And the latest, the 35 year old call your county man who didn't want to be identified. Said me out is touched and inappropriate. And that's the abuse continues for more than three years when he was an altered boy at St. Timothy Catholic Church. I can think of some people I'd like to touch appropriately as to inappropriately as opposed to it. Name this defendant, the Archdiocese of Mining Archfisher John Favillara. Archdiocese officials in the same way. And the last thing I said, they were unaware of late delegations. There were no prior allegations of information that would indicate father me out as did, or would engage in any type of inappropriate or abusive behavior of this statement. Except of course for the fact that he was a Catholic priest. I shouldn't have been a pretty good hand at the first place. It's a sad day when the Catholic Church learned that someone who's been in a late victim of a sexual abuse, they statements said, we again apologize to this alleged victim and pray that his journey to healing may begin. You think that's going to get the job done? said they when something like this happened must be a lot of sad days for the Catholic Church. I apologize. Well we don't care. It's a sad day here because George can't even turn on his microphone now. Really? Yeah. Well that's how you underpotsky that yesterday you like messed around with it with your pocket fisherman there or whatever you stuck in there and now you probably blew out the name pot. If he's not smoking it he's blown it out. The button's just stuck. What? The button is stuck. Right. Like I said that facts was very appropriate boy. What have we tried? George Corso has got an the entire engineering stuff stuff that won't fix the dancing in there because but we don't care you. Puzzle out you didn't want to hear George say anyway. He's such a hard ass. Especially with this poll about body here which he knows nothing about. We had a Sukunopy Beach for come up. Are you babbling again? Are you squeaking in the background? Starting some like yelding. We had a Sukunopy Beach for come up with not among the priest purged by the Archdiocese following me 2002 nationwide abuse scandal there have been no complaints in his file at the time. Well, at a press conference yesterday in front of St. Timothy the latest led victim said he chose to come forward after a learning of last month's lawsuit by the former alter boy known as John Don number 25. I'd hope it to help other children to come forward. He said his voice cracking. I've been hiding all my life that's destroyed me and my family. I can't hide anymore. He needs help he said of me. He needs ass assistance. His attorney Jeffrey Herman of Adventurer said me out he said abuse is client by taking advantage of the voice interest to becoming a priest. Father Mary's did unspeakable things to the unboy telling him that those were the things he had to do to become a priest. Well, I think that was the least honest. Right. He had a perfect. But I did. Practice makes prefect. How did you fix it with my knife? No. I just think I got pocket fisherman. That's right. Herman then produces clients in 1985 confirmation certificate and an old yellow photograph of his client in his alter boy robes. Old yellow. Old yellow. The alleged victim currently lives in cognitive county with his wife and 12 year old daughter. The audience has been a staple at a macula conception church for the past 15 years. A greedy resign October 6 after ruining the first lawsuit, alleging he sexually assaulted the boy in the 1980s. He asked salt to them. For many years I've been deeply plagued by events. Me out his room in the letter last month of personers and highly is a macula concessive perception church. For many he's been a prey. I prayed for God's guidance he said. The only conclusion that I could reach was that I had to be true to Christ. My priesthood and you my beloved community explained to all concern my sincerity great and repentance for any pain brought on by errors of judgment that I have made he wrote by errors in other words he doesn't deny it. There were just errors of judgment. Just like the anazi Pope would have read shoes. He's not pissed off or upset or apologizing for what he said. He's upset that they were offended. So if anybody was offended by the fact that he molested their kids then he's upset and he wishes that God and Jesus would forgive and yada yada. Right? Am I right about that? Sure. And he's sorry he got caught or he still we do it. That's correct. Because that's what a priest. That's a priest number one job. And that's number two job. Number one is to try to raise some money for the business. And number two is to alter boys. By the way, Joe Blumensstein, thanks for your very nice email here. Where is Joe? This is a local thing. He's in town. He's somewhere in town. Although I don't know he's got a, yeah he's in town. He's got a 305 number for Krenoa. Thanks for the nice email, Joe. I was one then nice thing. Sure. See once in a while somebody out there does something nice. We say, holy crap. Somebody in South Florida did something nice and people are going like, oh my God. I don't believe it has to be a first in it. 977 votes on the body here. And you know, when you step and think about it, the idea that sexy is on there, we got an almost all meal audience. Although I will say this, we had several ladies on the phone yesterday. It's more than we heard it a long time. We're not amazing. It was a pleasure. Just about not as many ladies as you find on Jacobs, my space page. So you see many hot young ladies on there and better take a look at it. But not that I'm obsessed with that whole business you understand. But you know me, you know how easy I am. That's what I heard. I kind of like flitter round, like a butterfly and I like like a bumblebee. I flitter round and pollinate wherever I can. 26 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM on our great Wednesday, boy, it's WWW. It's wood vine Wednesday. It means George has got the assignment of changing the polis afternoon. Let's say if I'm conscious. Put the Neil retirement pull up there. Anyway, if I sound like I'm full of vinegary and whatever goes with it, I've been taking nature be for the last couple of weeks and boy, it's kicking in man. I can feel like a bulging in the chair beneath me. This has got to be the best kept secret to living in the fast lane. If I forget all the pills and potions get onto nature be, just two golden capsules a day and watch your life take off. You'll feel like you're alive again. Not a drug or a similar, just pure organic food and a capsule. All the way from clean green, New Zealand. Nature be as real food. Pure as the driven snow. It's an A to Z of items and minerals and nature be as great for people on the run, too. Get your six months of fly right now by making one easy tool free call. And you'll be glad you started popping these every day. On 866-834-8355, call the name, get a bonus one month supply, absolutely free when you ordered two. One 866-834-8355, be like me, get on a nature be or maybe you don't want to be like me but get on a nature be anyway. Call that tool free number. One 866-834-8355 or go on a wicked web at nature be, be, e, e, nature be.com. The biggest name, so best talent for this is Neo Rogers, 430560. You A, then. For David's a bitch. Hey, boys and girls, isn't my wife in it? But something here to hopefully can enjoy for the holidays. I've been a holidays. The home version of Bowing Yeldee, the Monopoly Bud game. A great game to play when you're bored. I didn't even spell it, oh no, Bowie. I mean, I don't say Monopoly late-brain. This is Monopoly. What do you say we sit on the floor with our legs crossed and show the boys and girls at home and how to play with it? Okay. You might not fit in that way. What? You're low. It's not pleasant. Oh, like, why's that I'm a spender-veal? I think. I'm a five-spait. Yeah. It's a five-spait. It's a five-spait. It's a five-spait. It's a five-spait. It's a five-spait. It's a three-com. And what does it say? It says, remove your opponent's kick and pick. And spend so much of my monopoly play panel. Then spend a day. Just my luck. Here. What? What? Run. Are you happy? I'm right now, spin. I'm not. Remove your opponent's kick and pick. And spend so much of my monopoly play panel. Now, see here. How do you draw the same card twice? Stop playing by the rules. See that? Chewing them. Why you little cheetah? Tell me that title. The Arnumon, not only more day. You can tell it as well. It's hell. How about it? It does maybe some thingal berries. 1031 and 560 and WDQM9. 196 votes on the pole, man. We are really off to the races. You know what? Okay. We're off to woodmen anyway. US officials have reportedly asked to pair him embarrassing Americans to leave Argentina who they are don't hear favorites. I'm thinking. The Bush twins. Oh, those embarrassing Americans. Twins, man. Including tabloid tales of nude hotel roms and serious security laughs has gripped the median when his odd days were Jenna and Barbara Bush celebrated their 25th birthday over the Thanksgiving weekend. So we're only coming up on nine years on QM to say December 30th? I guess. Are you sure? 87. No. I mean 97. I don't know what it is. I'll figure it out during the break. ABC News reported the US embassy officials strongly suggested the twins cut short their trip. But they refused it. The embassy called it report false. The embassy welcomes the visit and is provided close support and cooperation that said the same or released to the media. The headlines, dominating TV and newspaper coverage and our Argentina involved that theft and Barbara Bush's purse including her phone and credit cards. It was swept from beneath the restaurant table despite the presence of secret service agent to obviously were like watching her boobs or something like that. There were flashy photos of their appearance Sunday at a big soccer match and breathless coverage of their dinner out when a fire and gulfed nearby building. Sounds to me like they were. I'm not by aiming. An Argentine template magazine reported the first wins were spotted running nude in the hallway of their hotel. A tale of the hotel staff denied according to ABC. All it fits right in with that family man. Accort. US officials reportedly steamed the twins rough staging newly arrived US ambassador Earl Anthony Wayne. They were steamed about it. The White House wouldn't come. Kind like the kid in the microwave steamed. ABC also said security was so last that an network producer Joe Goldman was able to wander up to the twin to chant lobby of their botic hotel spotting into a large play class window on Thursday. He reported that Barbara was typing out a computer and Jenna was sitting on a nearby couch. No one stopped him from approaching him. An Argentine TV station reported that Barbara had left to return to the west but couldn't be confirmed. Well, we'll be keeping it to that on that. I'm sure that everybody's on edge of their seat about the dysfunctional bush twin. You know it because that whole bush family man don't do as they do. Who is they say? WQA and hello. Well, yes. Hi. I called you yesterday Neil and I was to play the bridge tender and you set out to the break but I never heard it. I played it later on and I said I hope you're still listening. Oh, I'm sorry. I have a lot of people on my office listening and I am your most ardent female listener. Right. And you need to play it again and answer is absolutely not. See this is another reason that I don't care for techniques calls as much as some of you other people do. And that's because we get crap like that. And I'm supposed to feel bad about that. Do I feel bad? Didn't I say yes today? I hope she's still listening. It wasn't that much later on. I said, remember I forgot to play the bridge tender for that nice lady. And I did wind up playing it and she was listening. Well, I'll teach you to turn off. Honey. There were a lot of people in the office here listening. I hope everyone of Mr. Stenner laughed in their answer for you for being such a one. This is one of the reason why it's so great to be. Okay. Don't have to put up with nagging women. Now that my mother's in the box. Yeah. I do not need to go. By the way, we got a thousand and three votes on the poll. So take that and put it in your pipe and spoken on. Putting up with nagging demanding women. I want it. You lost honey. I mean, the fact that I even played it at all is like a major miracle because you're how much I hate playing that. You know, because it's a little on the bird outside. You know, it's like old, old like me, old ancient older than the Susan's great grandpa. Would you play the freaking bridge tender because I missed the yesterday. Yes sir. There it is. There it is. The bridge tender. That's all you're going to hear of it. Well, I'm going to play it again. Well, I have to be a maniac to play that piece of crap again. I mean, it was funny 20 years ago, funny honey. Thousands of folks on the poll were talking about waxing and shaving and nipping and tucking and stuff like that. Guys who shave or remove their chest hair generally are gay 301. Narcissistic 134. What's the difference? Easily manipulated by me the imagery 119. Perfectly normal only 115 only 11.4% say they're perfectly normal. George. Okay. It needed attention. Well, if they look good they'll get my attention because you know me, I'm such a sucker for a pretty face and a hot body. Oh, God. By the way, I sure hope that's the right Jacob on in my space page because if it's not, well, I didn't write a main thing like whatever sub Rosa. No, I shouldn't wouldn't do that again. I can't tell because who the help of members when somebody was like 22 now, 32 whatever the hell. Or you know like years ago maybe 10 years ago when we started on QI, 2 AM. Let's see 87, 88, 89, 90, no wait, 97. What year is it? Oh, This is the danger of getting old folks, 98, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. It'll be our ninth anniversary in December 30. And I said to that. So I said 10, so I screwed up. Yeah, it seems like about 100. Because this last year especially boy, it's been a real, but, you know, everything's coming along just fine. Now here's the fact from Susan, case says, I came across some old tapes I made of your first show when you came back on after those seven months off. It was fun to listen to you, Ron fire. The media was there. We were all so mad. You were back. Best of all. I was glad to hear prison bitch with far signs. You how you corrupt our minds. Love suits, love you, Susan. And see Susan is saying, Would you please play prison bitch because she knows we can't play it? Can we? I don't know. I don't know. They say I love his tab. I don't know. I'll think about it. I'll listen to it during a break or not. But anyway, thanks Susan. Happy anniversary to me. That's December 30th. Birthday in November 30th. And the anniversary December 30th. And then it's like old fart stay. We got one day coming. Thousand and ten vote. Ten, ten. Ten, the Wednesday York and ten. CFRB, Toronto. With what's his name? What's his name? What's his name? You will use yours. I wouldn't know. Ryan McFarlane. He used to be a color on a hockey game. His lead games will build. He would. Brian McFarlane. Boy was here for boring or what. He was really coma inducing. But nevertheless. There's Nick Andrew. Paul. Hey, by the way, nice school last night. Nick too bad. Nobody else scored for the Leafs. They really think to join. And the panthers got to shut out. They got beaten a shootout. Shootout by the Quebec nation. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Put him more home. And you're happy to make him here. Hello. Yes. What about the changes you requested? Turned on the back sheet from the lady. I've heard that in the hundred years. Okay. We'll think about it. Okay. Okay. He's doing it. That's what he's doing. Hey, what are you laughing about, man? That's an Amsterdam guy. Some stuff. He's doing. He's going to have the do-ey through a right now. By the way, anybody hasn't been to Amsterdam. Go there once. I'll be an eye opener for you. He would have used to be. But then again, he'd need to rest. Boston. He'd need to rest. That's for the answer. He'd need to rest. Once the last time we were in New York, you didn't want to. Maybe nine years ago. I don't see nine, nine. There you go again. Everything now used to be ten hours in the... Yeah. Maybe twelve. Who the hell knows? Yeah. I've been there in years. Since they took all the perversion out of time, I've heard all once ago. See, this is Julianne's great claim to fame as they'd cleaned up time square and made it like a really very like Disneyland North, Disney World North. Who the hell wants to go there? Although I would like to see if I'd weren't that bad. I'd like to get some of that great pizza like I'm 40 seconds straight. Boy, no pizza like that. Don't start with the food again. You'd be pleased to know my last one. Oh, yeah. And down you like 600. Okay. Good. Because I can't afford. I mean, just can't function when you get to a certain point when you get to be two. You know, over the line, when your blood sugar is like the machine just says, tilt on the bad machine. A thousand and twenty-two, but sometimes you thank God for taking these calls again, although that one lady, I started to say you interrupted me because you have your mic first again. I started to... They call me and request something and you don't play it immediately. And then I just knew it. I knew it. I even started. Didn't I? Didn't I just... I'm actually saying that listen to them. Well, too bad. I played it for you, honey. That's why I grown when she calls like, oh, geez. Because it's going to start a chain reaction to people calling up for requests. And if you don't do the right, you know. Like they've turned talk. Yeah. Well, that's coming up right after the break. Or maybe not. The biggest name. I'll say that. I'll say that. If this is real Roger's, force radio 560. You a- And... Did I see the way he said that? That's right. That's to keep you on your toes. Well, screw high. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodres. It's time for church. The shielding gets to what's really deep down inside of you. And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallis. Good evening. I'm Colin Cornwallis, your host. And welcome to Tertalk. The loaf lines are already lit up. So let's just get right down to the phone. That's not the video we're talking about. Isn't it? No. What is that thing called? I give up. What's it called? I've heard something. To your complaint. I'll tell your hard complaint. We'll see that's another thing. They call it in a reclassionally. And they don't know the name of the bed. It's our job to know the name of the bed apparently. Well, I see. Thank you for calling us this Tertalk. And I'm happy. I just picked up my 92 score from your life. And it is on two turns in the back seat. Are you just turned? Yes. And there's one in the back seat? A-terr, a paper-a-p-a-human turn in the back seat of my call. Bam, I assure you our guy is just not taking it down from your car. If you want to bring that car back, then we'll take a look at it. You owe you one thing to look at. My car is fine. It's that big-and-turt in the back seat. Okay. What would you like me to do? I said, okay. How about I'm going to your house and pick a local. You can't talk about it. Bam. Bam. What would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get your car out of my back seat. That's not going to happen. What do you mean? You can bring the car here when you take a look at it. I am a greener back there. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take the dump in every last car you got there. I'm gonna peel your counter. I'm gonna do it all. Okay. You know what you feel? I got a big girl in there. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah. I don't make it a habit of going on and taking a dump in the car. How about 400 pounds? That's your turn. That's my turn. That came from a 400 pounds. That's a 400 pound man. Either that or a gorilla. I'm driving this car right to my lawyers office. And I'm gonna let the whole world see you're gonna be on the news this evening, buddy. I'm gonna get seven on my side. What? You're gonna be on the news. Can you describe the pieces? I mean, what does it look like? You know what it is? It came out your ass. What's that hell? You can't use the word counter. Ask me what color. I say what it smells unguided. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. How many of them have you to have? Well, these are how long is this? It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's that wide arm. This is not what I got to have. Damn, two more four in that back seat. You know, I think it's actually this operation. It's two. That's what they're like. I love kids. I run it away from it. Oh, my god. How bad are you all fine with money? I'm fine with you, okay? I'm fine. You're fine. I'm a fear wheel too, else. All right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? It's been just coming off of it, okay? Hey. Do you want to come with a home? Yes. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I can't give. I can't give. How long is that? I am taking this is a fresh turn. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that turn back. And we'll match it up. We have a line up. We'll match it up with the with the other turns that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a port. We say, and I can bring the turn back to me. No. You know what? Is the sample? No. I thought it would like it. I'm going to keep it as a pack. Well, keep it. Because it's a nice, you know what? Is it nice conversation fees? Okay. Okay. Thank you. Oh, thank you. Yeah, I would mount it on your mantle. It would be a good idea, you know? Nice conversation fees. When a company comes over for the holidays, 1048 at 5.60 WQAM. It's the end of the thing about taking the calls. Now, just like you said only moments ago, they start with the siliance request. Who the house set it was all request holiday time? I think I did, right? Oh, yeah. I don't really care. Hey, whatever they want. You know, it's their show. They're going to manipulate it and deal with it and screw up with it. And whatever they want. You know, you know, you're going to use it chew it up. Right, whatever. So as we get paid, that's all we care about. And in your case, any much, 145 votes on the pool, boy, about guys who shave and wax it and smear it and whatever they're doing with it. Lot of votes on it, pull the day. I don't see any calls on the board. Now that we got your calls back on here. I don't see any anyway, so. Any why? I don't see anything on my screen. Oh, well, that's because your equipment is all bald up in here. Because George Corse always the anti-Christ. And I had the part of it right. I knew we had something new with that whole religious stuff. I thought I was asking about a new computer. I don't need a new computer. Just need one that works. Could be an old one that people you have. That's what it would work would be good. And maybe an engineer that would go in there like fix all the problems that we've got in there. And food in that pool. So damn good thing. I don't come down there to do any shows. No, mold because I would really raise the roof. I would raise holy hell in that place. But nevertheless, 560, see this is what happens. You go to lunch with Joe Bell and he tells you everything you want to hear. What happened? Did anything get fixed in there? No. No. How to good lunch. Well, that's good. 560, 0560, pound 560, Verizon singular, wireless lines. Oh, the panthers at the Ottawa Senators tomorrow night. How come they're not coming to Toronto on this trip? I'm sure Gildy probably want to take me to Ruth Christopher. Nice to take. WQAM, hello. The new plane that would you? Yeah, okay. WQAM, hello. You want to go? Yes. I don't know if you're going to. How do you like that? Not fade away again just like yesterday. WQAM, hello. Can we go for three for a track effect at QAM? No. Yes. I got a big old night collar. It's just waiting for Susan Gray to grab it. Okay, great. That's Susan Gray, I'm going to. Who? Don't you have your member? No. The chronic. Susan Gray. We don't even know who the hell Susan Gray is. Did we figure out who that is? No. No. Thank you. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. About all these requesters, a lot of stuff on your website. Now with the search engines. I'll just go to your website. Thanks. Right. Go to the name website and quit bothering our damn high paid radio show for the. That's right. In fact, I don't know if she would. All right. Thanks. Yeah. Go to the website. On the bridge tenders right on their devices. Right. It's free. And don't have to screw up our show. Kind of whole office full of people. Like, you know what? If I had a whole office, we're all full of people. Gathered around a radio here. Some stupid 20 year old bit from a talk show. I'd probably want to, you know, fire the rest. The first question I'm going to be answering is when how did they start doing some work? Oh, they're all gathered around a radio. Yeah. Right. They're gathered around a radio to see if you can get me to play something again for the second day in a row. And I'm not going to do it. Isn't that what the purpose of it was? Sure. Probably got a bed. They're probably taking odds in the office. Well, let's see. I bet you attend a one. He don't play it. What is it? 18 years within an station now? Feels like it. Oh, it feels like 175 years. And Joe Bell called you. He says they want me to be on a station as long as I want. In other words, for another 100 years. And he liked that. He actually said that because, you know, Joe, it's always kissing kissing. I can't. I can't do it. I'll just picture here of what Jacob, on my website. I'll tell you one thing. I'm going to show you some real true emotion. And I don't even know if that's the right person, you know? So what? That's pretty cool. He looks with me. I don't care if it's the right person or not. He looks like a fine human being to me. Maybe I'll find out who the hell that is. But anyway, he's on my wallpaper now on my desktop. I stretched it and yanked it and twisted it. He's on it. Sweating on that big rock out there in the last montagna somewhere. Up by Vegas. And anyway, it's just one of those things. You know, that's what life is all about. But like I started to say, for me to take Brady Quinn off of there and put somebody else on. Who's eating that all is close on for quite a lot. And the pictures from a pretty fair distance too, you know? Always be suspicious about people get photographed from a lot of 100 miles away. All right, a real suspicious about that. Ever do that? You see somebody like walking towards you down this morning. All the time. They're really hot this time. I'm in a shopping mall. You're walking the mall. Totally. I'm in a shopping mall. I'm in a shopping mall. I'm in a shopping mall. Are you there? You're making you crack at me. I'm using your favorite FedEx fan out here on the road. And you're making my day. This is the show that makes me bear the holiday season. What all these boxes. This is a shopping mall. I can't even begin to imagine a crappy bed of put up with. Oh, it's it's. Let me know if it's a good. This is the life you have chosen you know I mean. That's right. 21 years here in this truck. Feeling with the public. I've been listening to. And I've been listening to you here for 12 years. The software, but you think it all wore for a while. Yes I do. The other thing. She told. I heard the call yesterday. I heard the call today. But when you rip into them, that's what makes the show is so funny. I mean, you get like 10 to 15 minutes of. Of a. Of a good laughter. Just listen to you. You know, put a how do you like a bitch like that that I call she calls you. I said I played the dancing for which you're nearly. I was just like crazy as you know. You know, young Neil, the bridge. Tender those old things. I don't want to keep playing over again. We've killed them over the years. You know, I played a thing for a few minutes. I apologize for the fact that I hadn't done it right away. And I forgot, but it was not that much later in the show. I already shut off. You know, yesterday. I heard the show yesterday. You did play a little later on. It was fine. Everything fine. I don't think that. I'd like to say our life in their ass off at her. Yeah. What a stupid bitch who water. Happy holiday to you and the staff. You make it all the way. Take care of your package. Okay. Bye. 5.67056. You this is a FedExcribe. Well, we love FedEx and we love UPS. Yes, we do. And speaking of my package with my fetched machine. It didn't hear yet. I'm hearing that it's going to be here tomorrow or Friday. But it could be here today. So I get my clothes on. Well, I kind of accelerate things. You know, when I phone rings after one in there. Or there's a package on here for you. And there's like a $14.60 costum as you know. I don't. I'm not that that customer singer. I'm going to like start protesting with that crap. It's already been paid the postage in the ring. I'll just cut the crap. Which is another way of stealing. Fleecing money out of the public. That's all. Our customs my ass. That's brutal. 1967 votes on a poll already about guys. They'd like wax it and trim it and shave it. And they're a chest too. Guys who shave or remove their chest here are generally gay. 327 is leading the way. Our sister won 41. We did leave something on. What's that? Well, we can add it on. Young. They're the ones that are doing it. Hung? Young. Guys who do that should be hung? That's not what I said. Oh, young. Why didn't you put young? You put what I mean, you want on there. You're the guy with a power there. You got the, uh, your finger on it. Josh's doing it now. Stick it on there. Josh young. Well, Josh already admitted he shoves it. Our sister won 41. That's because they're these like it. You know, I mean, what a worst man. Well, he's like it. Jesus God, that's pretty sad. The fact that you've had like alter your body in order to please some, you know, Bimbou to get what I want me? Yes. Good, good thinking. Easily manipulated by media imagery 125, perfectly normal 18 like Josh, perfectly normal. Well, in need of, uh, attention 85 insecure 71. They're clean. They got a clean machine mine 54. Yeah, likely story. I hate this pool 50, 4.6%. Those are the guys that are shaving it. Believe me. The range 40 show us 38 and sexy 18. And what kind of guy in this audience would say that guys who shoot their body are like sexy. Yeah, I'll tell you what kind of guy that's gay. That's the answer I was looking for. The fan of black ones. So best talent with the faces. Now for the drips. 10 years early, radio 560. Yeah. This is the new one of your show. This is the brain. No, no, no, no, no, no. Any questions? When the holiday season, other stations are getting away, cash, prizes, winter getaway. But we've got a bigger picture in mind. That's why this year, this station is giving you. We saw her. We'll watch that. That's right. No more hunger. No more war. Just do the people you don't even know. We smile like a dude. Because they'll know your responsible for the future. You're a big star. You're a big star. You're a big star. You're a 7th caller. You're going to get certificate from our P.P. Pizza. And the automatically registered for the grand prize. Drawing the win, P.S. All the four world-core men. Pizza on Earth, goodwill for a man. It's non-transferable. Pizza on Earth, goodwill for a man. Must be claimed by February 15th, 1992. Employees of this station, M.P.P.P. are inevitable for peace on Earth, goodwill for a man. Pizza on Earth, goodwill for a man. Pizza on Earth, goodwill for a man. Pizza on Earth, goodwill for a man. Pizza is being believed. It's 1102 at 5.60. W.K.M. So Joe Bell tells me that he was really looking forward to talking to an normal kid again. Because last time they spoke, normal told him that he was really impressed by a clearance and what a cute ass he had. Oh yeah. Yeah. Actually said that. And I thought to myself, hey, normal. You're fair. But then again, what a surprise that is. Lawmakers will try to see what they got about normal. Okay. He's got bad eyesight. Lawmakers will try to tackle the state's property insurance crisis in a special session in mid January. Governor like Charlie Gay, Chris and legislative leader said today. In a wide-legged, expected, says it will start January 16, legislators will consider proposals to shore up the insurance industry to prevent companies from dropping wind storm policies. They'll also try to oververt some of the dramatic rating increases for a homeowner's scene since the active hurricane scenes of 2004 and 2005. Homeowners from Pensacola, the key west to be more triple to gentlemen's rating increases and demanded that state policy makers figure out some way to stop them. Stop the crash. Stop the insanity man. The special session will take place less than two months before the survey regular legislative session. A special panel appointed by outgoing fan ask Governor Jeb Bush recently made several recommendations for potential legislation. One of the major proposals is to make it easier for insurance companies to re-insurance through the state's hurricane catastrophe five. That's what we need a QA in man. A catastrophe five. Because make no mistake about it. This current sales department is a catastrophe. How can we not call your sales manager to come in here and like straight now? Who wasn't there asking about that company problem? Oh, Hank stuck his head in the door. Thank you, Rero. As opposed to that. That was funny. Yeah, he stuck his head in the door. I hope you're jambed. It's sharp real fast. No, I just pushed it. Squish it like in the L.A.S. Squish the fish. Now let's see. Speaking of the squish the fish, the Patriots got the lions. They got a forfeit this weekend. And the dolphins played Jacksonville. I was at a home gamer in a way game drive. That's in a way game. Yes. It's in Jacksonville. And what would you say the fish wasn't their chances of winning their game? I'm going to go not very good considering they've won for one Rero. They won for a roll in quite frankly against the mostly girls teams. They beat the bears but then so did the Patriots. All of the Patriots like life and death. Not that I was nervous during that game. I was just dropping loads all over the sofa. Good God. Man was I nervous about this. Especially after they blew that 10 to 3 lead in the gut to be 10 10. I thought, oh boy, here we go again. By the way, that's a home game. My bad. Well, you have real problems with that whole deal. You know what? It's right there. It's right up the street for more of your asses are sitting right now. It's right up the street there. It could hold used to be Joe Robby Stadium. And when are they going to get a name for that? Oh, that's right. I'm excuse me. It's dolphins stadium. Excuse me. I get it right. What a chinsy deal. Pro player. And here they had it out for what about 100 years. Name that for a company. It's out of business. I think it fits right in with the ambiance of the organization. A thousand and ninety five votes on the shave your hair pool. That's a beautiful thing. I will confess that once upon a time I did that. What was the occasion? Oh, it was an occasion. It was like 31 years ago. And I just, I don't know the spirit of being gay. Yeah, I was in West Palm and JNL. Had a hot date coming up. Well, I hoped. Okay. No, that's usually the occasion that people start grooming. No. A federal judge in Los Angeles who previously struck down sections of the Patriot Actors ruled that provisions of an anti-terrorist mortaristian by President Bush after nine, 11 are unconstitutional. Let me say it again. The United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States. but be put a book but about I like the calls man. I like the calls a lot It's your yeah the cream. We're gonna take some more when I get around it don't start getting pushing out I said I like it. I can say I'm obsessed with them. I mean you're certain things that I'm obsessed with or things people or Yeah, and you do know and you're right. What's wrong with that? Nothing. I would make them end up just like you were saying before and I said a million times I'm sure what you weren't paying any attention What many a time you'll be walking like on the street in a mall somewhere and you're looking to Holy, we're like even now in a woodbine. I think wow take a look at that yeah, and then they get a little bit closer or like much closer to the Yeah, I'd rather go in a mirror at home and look in a mirror and that's really sand a lot in my case 1100 volts on a pole shave it trim it near it need it wax it whatever you want to do with it and then throw it in the a turlet 560560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line WQA and hello Okay, we we couldn't care less Like I said we'll never ever as long as I'm sitting in this chair I thought and they will never ever darken this thing did okay, oh good I wish I should as the show us another story talk to them all day. WQA and hello Yes, sir. We talked about shaving your body Salah here at a close shave there. Wow 567 you see I just said I like the calls and all of a sudden we get all the retards back on again the same you know I mean like I said they could write a room in a holiday in and they probably have probably rented a room and I'll stuff together in the same bed fit them in a phone booth WQA and hello My friend who's eats a minute and you're liking because he looks like Johnny Depp We're great 567. Oh 560 pound 560 and we'll give you numbers one more time thing and the good thing I got to back up pie because it is already Wednesday and George was saying on Monday They'll never I never have enough calls to get you last through the whole shirt just on Monday the first day with the calls back And we did and yesterday I'm trying to remember we had to go some a couple of times Well, wasn't too bad right, but the prods on them. Yeah, we had a problem a little bit But today I can see already that it just ain't happened in baby there out of material this time right out of material like 25 years ago and then of course we had alien you know if we have something really emotional it generates a lot of heat They are all of a sudden the phone rings off the work. That's what's out for the specializes who can we hate today? Oh Like they kind of called for more land of the other day how can a Chinese people are people are what's picking Remember pretty I'm sorry I don't know what it is you know what it's always gonna be if you don't like it do what I did get out of there Okay, he already did get out of there. He still believe in about it. I hope he has a real good time in Orlando with all them Yehos WQAM hello Don't you worry we can't find no ring no war Can't find it. I do I am no we know I don't please like I said WQAM hello QAM Yeah, I You can answer to a sports question if it's possible Yeah call up a word. Are you okay call up seven 90 and ask them then you can sniff their jacks crap, okay? Maybe Joe Rose will send you one of his old ones or his new bus here But you remember when he was with us he was always talking about how he was he had saggy boobs Remember that little dog always belated about a saggy boobs maybe quitting all and donuts and all that turn on by the way I thought today we care on Wednesday not today for some reason What tells that all about well that's the morning shows gig and for some reason It's not happening. Well, what do you mean it's the morning shows gig? Well, what does that mean it's both campers sponsor? But what does that all the numbers of your ears? That's true. No, they just didn't come in today for whatever reason well shame on them for crying out What does that all about so I don't know because it's their thing well if I was you I find bokeh And Greg go I walk right up to him in fact you come up to a lot of sneak-aft and I just take a little hammer and smack on his knee Can't they hate us because we're saying diagonal meter so no the hate you cuz you're saying bagging Okay, I wouldn't be surprised if you're right. What do you say now? Would did you really hear that or is that you just make it? Oh, no, it's the kind of feel the vibe You feel the bad vibe from the morning guy. Yeah, yeah, we say bad my ass Okay, we're not saying I said I said I said I wish they get a 10 share, but it will those four segments those Like tomorrow they got drew and that other what's the guys name? Don't tell me Rosenstein. No, and that's drew Rosenstein house subverger whatever his name is they got her Kirk That's yeah, yeah, to get her both of them tomorrow so you can treat a potential and hey, Kenny We're not the one sandbag in your show. No, you your program director is a sandbag and it and the general manager is allowing him to do it Which I told him again yesterday by the way cuz he asked I didn't volunteer it. He asked what I thought and I said oh geez Kirk Jerk Street WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, how are you doing? I'm doing great good to hear you again get to hear your voice again Hey question 40. Did you today movie casino right now? No, I did not I Wouldn't see last week thought it was pretty good The one thing I like the most was the the The stunts were done look like they were done real. They weren't done in front of you know green a big green screen You know what things falling on top of them so oh yeah big green screen is nothing worse than a big green screen Well, you know that they do CGI like when when crews does it's it's gets you know He's showing all these things flying over him and it's and then this movie It's like his marriage is fake exactly and and in this movie all the stunts and I read an article in news We did all the stunts are pretty much done either by stuntmen like they used to do back in the 80s and 70s before the end I'd write yeah, and yeah, because that's like a din industry. I mean now it seems like I mean I wonder what's the time to do now? I mean they all got killed Good point, but but the movie was fun. It was good I don't know if Bill Fisty said he won't run for president because he's a cork in everybody knows it and he's a gun no chance any answer Go ahead no, who was that bill fist? Oh Come on give me a break and It's in a John Kerry together. That'll be a good ticket get out of here man No chance, but anyway, I just want to let you know check it out. It's a good movie Good to hear in your show again and happy happy quantum. So how do you like the colors being back is it okay with you? I mean you know I could take a few you know You know a few of them I can take but the other rattlers like I know some better to do all that you know I normally turn the volume down way to they get done with their scene and turn it back up Okay, pal. I take it you see it. So there's a guy that's calling and he says he hates the call or study like that Like I said these colors Sports radio 560 This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station Baby Listen People See how they run Your home is banana A cross of your native land So I'll see you with only kick you with respect Look at the season at 5.60 WM, we're taking a minion calls this month Yes, how many friends we have in our mice face page 797 Alright, I'll have to make something No great And George was saying how he came across some old buddies on the in my space page I didn't say buddies, pounds, ladies, people, people, peeps And then what you said, you know, something around with peeps Anyway, and that's some one of the nice things about I haven't paid that much attention to it being the old fool you that I am in addition to which it's Miguel's bag anyway But now that we got 797, I'm sure the Josh is really impressed with that Care to you at the trim bag I am Wow, 797 Woo! So our goal for this month is to get the 800 by which would be one by Friday Today's the 29th already, holy crap, right man I mean we got today and tomorrow and then the December 1 starts on Friday And that's when the cool weather starts here too for whatever reason Like the Lord, you know, that's the way Lord works in mysterious ways That's what I always take as a very spiritual guy Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. this game, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, whatever yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, no matter where you come through there, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, there, yeah, yeah? yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah you had a fun working program as a baby, yeah? Yeah, yeah. Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah? yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah I'm like other products in the market. If you instant confidence and safety in snow, you're icy walking conditions. But won't ruin your hardwood flow. If you're the same solid predictable grip, you're accustomed to feeding. I'm dry services. That's the same predictable grip. You're that Jacob? Yeah, you use them on your shoes. Oh. The unique patented coil, coil design provides standard safety to ease of traction and packs no nice. Well, there you go. So there they are. Right over here. Just in case when we get our first icy day. And we may not get any icy. That's the first day I encountered like that in all the time I've been back up here up north. Mm-hmm. And it was just a slip-in-side. Although I didn't manage to get back here on one piece and break any bones. Nothing like that. Always you get older and older. You've got to really be careful, man. Oh yeah. And that's another thing. Well, if you took a real slip and falling your tailbone, that'd be your hat. Ooh. Yeah, I thought that'd be my hat. Yeah, that's what they said. Backdome. That's exactly what it would be. And anyway, it's 21 past 11 life is great. Everything's coming along.unky, do we? Everybody's happy again now. Everything's under control. As of this morning, more than a million of the Florida Lattery's new holiday, a million air raffle tickets have been sold. As of 730 this morning, just 240,000, 335 tickets remain for the January 1 drawing the Florida Lattery said. Only 1.25 million of the $20 tickets will be sold, producing the best odds of any game of the lottery's ever offered. And of course, they're running spots on our station for this thing. So the holiday, a million air raffle will be heard those spots? Yes. So naturally, we have to say, this is a great deal. 10 lucky ticket orders are when a million dollars of course, if anybody in this audience wins a million, I get a chunk. I get a piece. And then I share that with George and Josh. They each get like 1%. I'll take another 10, we'll win 100 grand and 100 more will collect 10,000 each. That makes the odds of winning a million dollars, $1,125,000. And the overall odds of winning a prize just $1,9615, not bad. Certainly better than the odds of the Rario lottery, which I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Kimler, okay? Or Hirman Gearing. You might mention my name to Rice Master Jerry. OK. 1147 votes on the pool. I think we're going to need to $1,200 by noon. 12 by 12 wouldn't that be something or what? That would be kind of like the size of my ass. 12 by 12. 1147, where I ask you about guys who shave their bodies today, not their private. It's not their or that. That's the dual-cost double school. Guys who shave, say, see, this is the one thing about Joe. That's why you guys have got along so well. You both stubborn as hell. Right. Right. That's why he got divorced. Something to read the thing about. It wasn't because he was shaving. No, it's because he's a hard ass like you. That's why he's a hard ass. He stubborn as a freaking muelman. OK. It's a good guy, but stubborn as a muel. Yeah. Guys who shave, slash remove their chest hair, are generally. And the number one answer, gay by a mile. I made three of them. $354, say they're gay. Narcissistic one-fifty. They'd like to look at themselves in the mirror. Oh, don't I look pretty? Oh, pretty. I bought a book or shmoo. Easily manipulated by me, the imagery, 136, like those naked pictures of Brady Quinn. I mean, this goes you guys are looking at those pictures. You're not going to look like that. No matter where you're shaving or what you're shaving it with, believe you may. And if you do look like that, send us the picture. Until they find out how to shave flesh. Perfectly normal 125. That's what Josh Cortis would tell you. They're perfectly normal just like him. But I bought it. In need of attention, 86. In secure 75, they're clean 61. And who'd like a clean machine mine? You know, if you find some of this like really clean, and you want to like lick over every inch of their body? Hmm. I hate this pool, 59, 5.1%. The range 43, the range like me, 43. I'm crazy in an admitted. I'm proud of it. There's showoffs 41. They want to show it off and I look at it. They're 65, 18 and they're young three. See if you put young on there. Three. One of the young guys don't shave their body unless they're like old queens. You know, right. Would you never knew what that was all about? I tried to explain that to you. What? Like old trolls, old queens address of a, you know, a track would like, you know, t-shirts and everyone who looks like they're 20 years old. They're straight at the same syndrome. You know, give it up pops. Yeah, cut the crap pops. Okay, you're an old fart and quit trying to look like you're a teenager again. You old, uh, fair you. God, really an always a crap bottom. So it's tragic is what it is. It's really exciting. Greating and embarrassing. Oh, I wonder if it works. 25. Let us know. Yeah, I'll let you know in the snow when the wind blows. Tell you what works for the old straight guys. Never say it. Money, whether you're shaved or not. Oh, I'll say it myself. Everybody hurt. I'm not, uh, I'm not all that keen. And that kind of takes the challenge out of it. You know, it does. It makes it personal. Nobody can do that. Anybody who bucks can do that. 26 passed a lot of it in five, 60 WCM. Your preferred station for the new millennium, whether Joyce likes it or not. Hey, Joyce, that's for you, honey. I shaved this. Yeah, shave that. Oh, I bet he does. I bet he shaved her out. Fajie, that's what he did. Oh, it's okay. Oh, it's okay. Yeah, that growth test, push or whiskers. For over 20 years, Miguel and Caesar, my, me like, Jonas have been offering beautifully handcraft in one of a kind designer jewelry, writing instruments and precision time pieces too. And this holiday season will be a shopping for yourself. I'm looking for a reading holiday gift. Make a statement with something very special for my meal. I'm Alex Doolers. My meal, I'm Alex Doolers. This has got great Italian jewelry from Damianni at Marco Bichigo, one of a kind designs from Elizabeth Taylor's house of Taylor jewelry. Designer jewelry from Kathy Ireland, Philippe Sherryall, and Leslie Green. Plus, my meal, I'm Alex Doolers features one of the largest questions of brightening time pieces you'll find anywhere in the universe, including the brightening for Bentley collection. Brightening has been creating precision time pieces since way back in 1884. And I guarantee you, I'll have the ideal time piece for you and whoever you're looking to buy a gift for. So, visit my meal, I'm Alex Doolers. This holiday season will be a fine of a 6755 Main Street in Miami Lakes exit off the North West 67th Ave of the Palmetto. Call 305-362-6446-305-362-6446. This holiday season finds something really nifty and perfect that my meal, Alex Doolers. The biggest name, so best talent to the business, we all rockers, sports radio 560 you, A-Dam. Neil God? Coming up tonight, uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. He grew up in poverty and inspired the people who Jamaica with the songs of peace and protest. If he knew that he would one day be the voice of disenfranchised, suburban, white, red boys, he would probably soil himself. He was Bob Marley. Bob Marley is the man! Requite man, he's a young white man. Whenever one of my college professors, who I call the great oppressors, making write some term paper or something, I just know how Bob Marley felt being in a crime written swam all the time. I don't know how Bob Marley does it. Bob Caucasian is another young white man. I mean, how does this guy from the Jamaican get-out know how angry it makes me when my parents will let me have the escalate? Or how I'm filled with resentment when I go over on my self-unfinance. And of course, there's that gunshot. Yeah, hand me that spreef man. When I smoke the gunshot, it is like I am back in the slums of Kingstone man. Even though in my daily life I cross the street to avoid black people man. Jalo! Yeah, see you down at the mall, my brother! Bob Marley, he became the voice of those who didn't have a voice. Not only the voice of those who were just wish would shut up, it's a big juicy sobbing replica show business tonight on inside of a life. It's 1131 292 noon. The sun is shining. It's a sensational day here at QA. I'm believe you made you believe us? No. Bob too bad. And we take a whole bunch of calls right now. We go to a heavy phone call segment if we had any. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See this is the thing that really just you just wonder. And then of course you don't wonder. No, I don't wonder. Because it hasn't changed in so long. You know, and you can't live in the past. I think all the real callers died a long time ago. Or less most of them. They want to hear the calls. They just don't want to make any. They're not going to be missing. What even the guy that did make one at the first one this half hour was funny. That was the best one. He was pretty good. And he said that. I don't know. They really suck. I think he had a point. He wasn't talking about himself. He was all right. He had a great call from a show yesterday. If you missed it, we're calling on the day that he announced his retirement. And the kiss my answer about five minutes was a really emotional thing. I had to like, oh man. I had to take a hot bath after that. 5, 6, 7. I'm given this number. I want more time. I'm going to a five hour bedtime rant because it just, it just, it's like it always was. It's the same old crap. You know, it's the same old song. And then every time we go back to doing this again, and I say to myself, oh, I know I stopped taking these calls. Because nobody else calls. And of course, it's the same fear for both those around there 400 times a day. And that's it. That's all we got. Let's do guys. Well, it was guys over there. Now, let's have one more again. The Josh was starting about the sometime in March. They're going to like that. And then they got some stink in there. We're getting all better to shape with me or with this station. It's your people over there to spread all the ugly rumors, Joel. Inside, you better have a major dootian that building is what you need. Get a long year of a major dootian out of that waxy building. I think they got waxy build up. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is there a rock to show? Yes, it is. The question for Neil. Okay. Comination like a sport to the law thing. I just thought he would know more about this. Probably most of the sports shows. A sports question about what? Well, you know, you know, all these, all these here in the other, every other program about Larry Coke and the money they gave them. Whatever. We don't want to show. We don't care about Larry Coke or the money they gave more than Harry Keyons or any of that. Oh. 560560. Pound 560. This is not a sports show. We don't want sports questions. We don't want sports comments. Unless you love the Patriots or something like that, or leaves, or leaves suck by the way. So sick and tear them plain of ruins. They can't beat the ruins. Change the schedule. Tie somebody else. Tie somebody. You might be able to beat. They can't beat the freaking ruins for sir. And the ruins suck. Look at that. Ducks three orders. Two. Used to be the mighty ducks. Not the not somebody. Another winning all the time. Goes to show you. Remember mighty mouse? Sure. If you would have just been plain old mouse, he didn't help a lot better. Drop the mighty. Look at that guy. Oh, that's a chick. Colonel Terry Walbers. Boy, she don't look like a real man. Oh, son. Mighty mouse. So we go again. I did like mighty mouse with the yellow outfit. Anyway, too. Me, isn't it? Yes. Mighty mouse. Not very popular, man. There are a lot of mice more popular than him. And by the way, Lion one still doesn't work in George's equipment. It's still on Gopaskin studio. But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing. No complaints. It's just the way it is here at QA. And now he's been that way. We'll never change. WDQAM. Hello. New God. Yes, son. Good evening. Just enjoying the beautiful South Florida weather. I noticed the Canadian friends are down in the South Broward in North Daed area. The fry's that they're better than here. I'm sorry that those friends Canadians. Yeah. I'll be down this winter season. Or you're staying up in the, uh, at a ride. Are you waiting a book or what? Well, I just thought it was trying to get a stocking skill. It's always open to see you over at the track. I know you like to come down the Gulf Stream a lot. I come down the Gulf Stream. What, don't you gonna go in? I haven't been in Gulf Stream in probably 20 years. Well, I saw you with a bill called or at a highly oray stretch. Right. And again, when did highly occult? You own a year ago that is? Oh, it's on my memory. Not that good. Okay. I'll get some help, pal. I guess I'm help. Woo. Just like that kind of called. Yes. I'm sorry. If you don't know, I'll get some help. Woo! Just like that kind of called yesterday about the gingerbread man, back in 18. Right. He saw me eating there, which I didn't have ever heard of the place you could around. Well, I get around. I'm a Gulf Stream. I'd like to go to Gulf Stream when I'm down there. What? And if I am at Gulf Stream, I sure is how to want to see you. I'll see you that. Leave me alone. That's one of the things I'm so, uh, one of many things. Believe me, many. I'm so ecstatic about being here. You know, just to make it easy, can you facts your agenda. Head of time when you come in? Yeah. schedule okay and also I'll put my funeral data on there for when I'm gonna croak. We'll show up on the website. I'm in a shop where my funeral. I have a 10 celebrity funeral. Google Maps links to all the places you're going to be going. When you cross into South Florida there are big billboards. They have the motto of the area on it says, I have no life. What it says, I have no life. Wow. What a place. What an absolute place from outer space. And he was talking about the sunshine how great it is. Well, I'm trying to hear it too and believe me. It's a log greater. I'm just excited. I'm tickled pink. I'll bet. That's because I'm looking at those pictures of Jacob and you have in Vegas. I thought it was because you're gay. Well, that's why I'm looking at the pictures. In listen those pictures who are off of a long distance. I don't even know if it's the same person or if I'm gonna get a response to my message. I don't know who that is. But again, if it's a man, it's what's wrong with living like everybody lives in a little bit of a fantasy world. Okay. That's right. Thinking back to those wonderful days at the hockey games when all those living and breathing, clean, squeaky, bright face people were there. Oh, God. But nevertheless, another private life shaving their body here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular. I mean, I just, I just, we're going to have to start from it was Brady Quinn again. You don't want to settle what he must. Right. Yeah, which I think is so bogus. Although, and no, I'm the one that started. I take it back because he shall be shaped as pubs. You know, because that one picture we got under where he's got his uniform on is like down to his, well, right. I don't want to see nuts. But I mean, it's pretty damn low. Listen, I made fun of Joe Castello and rightfully so by and the young girls who overheard the conversation inside and outside the building made fun of me as a result of it. How young about 10, 12? You're out of touch old man. Really? That's what I was who knows days. Well, if you were out of touch, you can imagine how far out of touch I am over the matter. As far as you might think, though. All right. W 2 a and. Oh, brother. W 2 a and hello. Yes, sir. I love you. Yeah. Yeah. And what's the first part of that? He said it's really hard. I don't have an average of 76 votes on the poll. Anybody that's worried about seeing naked pictures of ready-quini. First of all, he's not naked. He's got, you know, he's got a thing on. Well, I think he's got a thing on. I think he's got a thing on the right. He's got a thing on the right. He's got a thing on the right. He's got a thing on the right. He's got a thing on the right. He's got a thing on. What's he got? He's got shorts on. He's on the phone. And he quite frankly, he looks like he's puzzled. Like what am I doing on this flag website? And then the other one below, he's like, that's the one Scott is all the way down to his knees. But there he is. And if you're stimulated by that, I think maybe he's you know, you're a star cruising the virus stuff like that and have a wonderful life and good luck to you. 21 before noon, don't forget Mad Doggie. Two, we got no games tonight. Panthers lost one nothing in the shootout last night. I wonder if that game is on again. Wouldn't that be something if it was on again here on NHR on your fly? See our flyer for savings on PCR flyers. They're not they're not in a game at the moment. Although we do have the live racing channel, we can play some of the replays from woodbind where the cancel or races do to fog last night. How do you like that? My favorite at the track, speaking of the track, which nobody wants to hear about. My favorite is like I was watching last night on the racing channel. The fog was so thick at Georgian down. When the announcer can't see the horses, you know, the collar race. And the guy Georgian down's at a pretty good job. Like, well, I can't see a thing. When they come in the stretch, I'll let you know. Like that. And then the fog was so thick at woodbind. They had a cancel or racing last night because they couldn't see who's on first and who's on second. Not exciting to hear? What? I wonder where the hell's the NHR? I'm thinking maybe we'd give like a little just a little taste of the Panther game last night. Oh, there it is. There's a little taste for it. And boy, there were people swooning when Dave's straighter, which he's not very good anyway. We don't like David all, but when Dave's straighter was like missing an action or whatever it a hell he went to do games for that would used to be OLN. What is it now? It's called, what is that called Josh? It used to be OLN and now they changed it to something else. Well, whatever it is, it's some other stupid thing. And so when Geldi did the TV, I think I was the who the they play that night. All my god, people were swooning. They were screaming. What is that sound coming through my TV? Speakers, holy cow, it was like, just like that. The biggest name, stuff that's talent. I just didn't expect you to run your grand year on Radio Vise 60. Yeah, get baby. I decided to pull the plug on OJ. Nobody wants to get what he has to say. No. The book of the show was romantic from a guy who was sick in twisted. Shut up OJ go away. Because you had a bad day. You knew people died. The cherry that you know that you really should have cried. You shouldn't drop it. Now once in a sense, there's nobody cares. You can't afford to pay rent. We all want to say. Shut up go away. There's no paying day now for you watching. We didn't know what we say. Shut up go away. How to blame, because ever did a question that the two friends guilty of this. Maybe what office means when you call all those two people said shut up. Okay shut up. You had a bad day. You knew people died. The cherry that you know that you really should have cried. You shouldn't drop it. Now once in a sense, there's nobody cares. You can't afford to pay rent. We all want to say. Shut up go away. There's no way to win. With two or three games so I'll take shut up. Shut up go away. 14 go noon at 5.60 WQM. I'm going to say these shows go by so much faster. They were back taking these great calls again. I'll say that right now. I'm serious. Or no. That's reading this pondress stuff day after day. I don't know how I stayed alive that long. That's that was your motive behind a whole deal. That's it. That's why you kept talking me into doing it. That's it. You can just talk himself to that. The old man can croak and I can like move right into that chair. Or maybe make a nice 50 bucks a week. They're going to move you right on in there man because Joe said you're adequate. Yeah right on into the garage. 1190s people. It's on the pool. I got a feeling we got a 1200 by noon coming out that we carry you understand about 1200 by noon. That'll be impressive. A Tampa man when we start out to show what that's for about the woman at the fried her kid alleged into microwave or daughter. Yeah Tampa man's been charged with torturing and killing three cats he considered nuisance police said well let's run with that. Richard Aaron Wyatt 30 was arrested Tuesday after investigators found that it can't send a trash can or why it's property. He's been charged with three felony counts of animal cruelty. Oh poor putty cat. I wonder if the spokesman was there by Murray. He reported him. He thought he's all putty cat. It looks like he torched one said Marty Ryan on that span spokesman for Hillsborough County Animal Services. He may have drowned the others. I think all three of those are not good. The microwave would have been much more suitable for the kitty cats than that baby when you think. Oh yeah. Now here's one. And there's a this is very sad puppy abuse alleged in Broward. You know how I like dogs. I love dogs. That's your real story was on the news all over the news and if you didn't see the pictures that you're lucky. Really. Yeah. You know you people that mess with dogs and then it's said you're right now. I hope that they bite your ass and you bleed to death. Is that the one with the ears? He's got the thing over his head. You know the that plastic or whatever they call. So you only see the face in the sad eyes and a few little puppy dog. I got news for it. Most dogs are better than a lot of the people I've met in my life. Police thought a propane tank with a handheld torch in his shed and the cage it looked like an animal trap. Lieutenant Brett Bartlett said the tram about two feet long eight inches wide had bur marks on one side and a crot neck crop sees how do you say that the crop sees sure no I don't know will be done on the cast of German the cause of death. Isn't it where they like to check out their neck? Is that what they call an autopsy? What it's an animal? I guess why it apparently told investigators that the number one the cats on his car he bonded out of the O'eyn Road jail on two do that. It was known if he had an attorney. If he admitted he phased up to five years in prison on each count or maybe I'm each cat. I don't know. How do you like that? Here's it's church in cats he taught he's all pretty kid on the scotch and he like burned him. It is lunatic people I'd like to do nasty stuff to animals men and in these are the same people that later on in life they do nasty stuff to people every time you know like Ted Bundy that's right. I mean sounds good I don't know if that's true and I just made it up but I know that I know that Ted Bundy was like that's right and I right it's part of the profile they start off with animals really yeah how do you know that guy's hot documentary. Oh did they perform in the crops on the animal? No. 211 votes. Oh and that pool man I'm turning now that the calls are back I think we've saved the show. I think that Josh court has saved the show when he said you better start taking calls you old fat fat and then what you said that's what I said it was after he can't stay tricked. I noticed that hasn't gone through yet. No haven't cashed you. Really really. Oh well listen I gotta go make a call. Oh Oh, Racy that washing him you. Yeah, but right it's a block away. Oh no. Yeah, well my phone is like a just a matter of fetals. I'm not in the reason. Josh, so we're both we're both going down there. 560. Come on let's keep these phones sizzling baby if you want phone calls make them and I'm not talking about those here for knuckleheads out there. We're gonna have a we're gonna get the knick knick knick crops these under neck. You think the bees could get a knick crops if he had a neck we doesn't have one it's in there somewhere. You know the the fabric I was thinking about this a few days ago I was shaving you know how when you're in the bat room and you're doing various things you think about strange things you know kill time and I'm shaving and I was thinking to myself about the fact that he's married now that he's actually he's actually bedding down with some human being at night and actually maybe even touching her and like oh and vice versa. Sure I'm a good partner and vice versa. Well oh that's even I didn't even think that far. I understand they have the jaws of life right there next to the Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh yeah I got a good line for that but I've been a nice one. Sorry Joyce. Hey Joyce. That's for you honey. Now I'm just I want to apologize to myself for you know allowing myself to put up with her craft. She doesn't know what she meant from Shinal and I'm just not listening to her. There's nothing in my deal. It says I got to put up with her garbage or allow her to like try to destroy the show. We're not gonna let you destroy honey. She made a hell a good shot and guess what we we stopped her right near tracks. We nipter in the bud. WQAM hello. Hey Neil I've been keeping you updated on the popular world grand opening at the new casino. It's supposed to be after the first of the year. What do you got a date? No I think it's gonna be a lot of trouble. I mean there's no reason for you to come down here before that but would you come down for that? What I come down for the grand opening? Yeah they make a line on it. No. Wow. I thought that'd be my theory. Well what do you mean by that? Why would I have to come down for the grand opening of the casino? I can go right over here to woodbind which I'll be doing it to a club to say I have no why don't we need to do that? I can follow you if I want to lose my ass I can go right over here woodbind. Mine and find a bad machine mine. Maybe I'll get lucky and find a good machine like I did on Sunday. There was an unscheduled trip. This is a bad. I shouldn't probably admit this on here but I'll admit it anyway because you're gonna say oh the old man's a compulsive gambler now he's law he's losing yeah right I'm gonna say that. Yeah you will. I'm hearing. Okay. No because you're not getting any of it anyway doesn't matter but the bottom line is this. Well of course you should care because now I mean how many more those checks can I afford if I lose all my money? Oh like I said this uh don't do it but anyway I was not even gonna go and I was like I went to lunch and whatever and then I came wandering back in my regular cabbie who usually doesn't even work on Sunday he was like like parked right by my uh joint here and I saw him and I said I didn't know what I guess so maybe I'll go. How you like that? Now that's bad all of a turn out good because I found the good machine I won 17 on a box which you you probably would be very happy for my going if I said well guess what I'll give you half George it'll sell yeah you go but at home. 127 votes on a poll it's about body here are you shaving it are you waxing it are you like needing it nearing it whatever because let's face it that's such a case so and that's what the winning and I knew it would. We should have made an old demos in this crowd these are all old men. What are you talking about old men we got 900 and uh you took seven our damn what are we gonna my space 797 you took that poll how old are you and everybody's over 50 get out in here to hell we did what are you talking about all right we'll do the demographic pull again this weekend you're so full it was still on record there you can just get them from Eric all right no I can do it from right here from the history how old are you and that first of well that's not the poll see old men like us who aren't dating young women don't need to take a razor to nothing if I was in a young man I wouldn't be dating a young woman okay let's see let me let me see you through I was to to where now this is gonna take some time now so those people on the phone that are thinking they're gonna get right on guess what let's see which best describes you in football program here's what I said you can't tell us spell scum without you m what am I looking for the average demo holder you want to write yourself on the pervert scale on this scale of zero to ten I say about a hundred oh here you go what's your gender and age group it's not that far back we had sixteen hundred thirty nine votes male thirty five to fifty four eight ninety nine now that's not on old you consider that an old fart fifty four yeah thirty five no younger you are quite the range yeah yeah male over fifty five three fifteen old I don't like me and by the way the thirty five year old I don't know what kind of action they got going on but they're probably married and settled down and that date neither male twenty five to thirty four you know it's really interesting because my close personal friend what's his name in Jacob that's on the my spacing there which you I don't even know if it is the Jacob or not hockey games well I think it is because who the hell is the one-on-a-naked Jacob nobody but anyway uh so he's thirty two and single and head of a sexual so he says and uh and I said the judge is more than before to show what kind of a straight guy is thirty two and looks good like that and his marriage he said a smart one right that was the next one answer and an accurate one two right as more of George's bitterness continues seeping through I'm sorry I have a seeping again male twenty five to thirty four two hundred now those are all well two hundred out of sixteen three nine and it's like twelve percent male eighteen to twenty four sixty young punks eighteen to twenty four like Josh's age male under eighteen we had seven that's so that's what we had by the way Miguel says that it is the same Jacob well how does he know that he said trust me I know when I said the same he must have the inside school well what does that mean hey let's what the how does that mean I'm just telling you what I heard it he called it over the little well gonna have to leave now I'm gonna have to nervous breakdown what what do you mean Miguel said it's the same Jacob how do you know he goes to the most me I know so maybe they're hanging I don't have any idea about it right they're power around clue what that means love you Jacob okay now see I the reason I know I can do that is because back in the day I don't even know for some idea do you or on this station what it was a back when he used to come to the hockey games I would talk about him on here and it didn't bother him then see I'm not these guys that are very uptight and talk about him on the year and then all their friends and oh well Neil the old fan and he doesn't care Miguel says to check your hotmail why don't have an email from mom yes you do get out of here like I said I gotta leave now the biggest name so best challenge to the this is wheel Rogers for Squidio 560s you and this is Brandon Quinn whenever I shape up all I listen to the meal Rogers 12th of one hour new from out first products just in time for the holidays is the talking cramer doll now you can own a piece of TV history with the once beloved character from sign-filled cramer just pull the rip cord and listen as cramer speaks on a variety of subjects like racism I definitely endorse the client hobbies all I really enjoy party crosses religious Jerry sign-filled Josh the talking cramer doll just 39 95 available from outburst products for me out but always for white probably one at five sixty double you can I have no email on my hotmail I have no email on my Yahoo I have no email on my outlook experts I have I am quite no nothing how do you explain that me go huh well I dare not sounds like a major tease to me like and doesn't make any sense you how does he know what is I mean I realize Miguel's in charge of our my space page and doing a sensational job by the way I think but how do I know what he know who it is obviously for some reason like he got any of the word it was something excellent okay let me see if we have any new we have what 797 still 797 we're hoping to get over 800 by December one not that it means anything it's another goal that I said see and I promised I wouldn't do that anymore I still did it what did Miguel say what how is the email that he supposedly sent me to explain all of this Josh I'm sorry I'm struggling conversations with you and Miguel which is it well he hasn't sent me anything okay I'm just telling you the audience doesn't care about this except in a very perverse way thinking oh here we go again the old man's off the deep end again and you know what you write but you know just to cure you know what they say cure you on city kill the cats in the microwave 560 560 560 1160 1160 1160 1190 990 that was the valuable piece of information no acquiring mine's one and oh yeah I mean I sure don't want to I don't want to be communicating with some stranger out there who just happens to be some listener you know who you know send me pictures from standing on some kind of a bolder out there in the middle of the Desert and Vegas why would I want to be communicating with that person unless maybe they look pretty good Miguel will treat you refresh. I listen I check that thing so many times during that break are you Fingers about it and says sorry freshing it's about to fall off and the finger too we add ice to you will you be refreshing God where does it What you said you were having problems with it maybe they're having I'm not having any problems with anything I have horrible emails this morning we all came through nice and queer clear All you know a bunch of stupid ads from Eric and this one and now stuff like that Well you were saying that there were some issues maybe the site is having issues well the site always has issues hot And of course that whole windows thing that's your buddy Bill Gates again Uh-huh once they get their uh thumbs into it. Okay. It's loading your messages and guess what the inbox is empty is there no messages Have them said it's at the Yahoo thing okay You want to just send I heard you good 560 50560 560 and he Verizon singer wireless law let's get back to the show and quit them with Miguel's obsession with Jacob Okay Miguel's obsessed Allian WQA and hello Hello, yes sir Did I get the wrong number? This is QAIM is that who you're calling? Yeah This is an old meal. Are you calling me or you're calling somebody else? Oh and old meals. Well, you got him. I want a first time caller. I want a call piece for you. Before I die Okay, well listen you better do it quick If you if you move north, can I get your signal better now because I've been out of touch? You find move north? Yeah, you moved north. I just heard I was in my amy But I'm from Fort Pierce. Can I get your signal now? Oh, yeah no problem I got I got a catch up on the news. Okay. See ya Oh, I think he intercepted that email. Now what do Miguel say? What is he doing? What is he saying? Okay, send it to both of us and I'm fishing it to you You're so simple. Oh, you're fassing it to me now. Well, I see you know it any kind of weird confusion Good, it should be grinded I was in shredded or radio show when you're stuck in the middle of a ball of confusion. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know come 133 votes on the poll. That's what I'm saying. That's not too bad. It's pretty damn good Thank God that I came up with this brilliant idea put the calls back on and know something it was my idea Probably just shook the aircraft out of you on Monday morning. No, whatever Oh, not the tentations in ball of confusion WQAM hello What he say? We're good. Oh, I thought I said something like really important like that WQAM hello Okay, sir. Kill that music. Kill a yeah tentations. Yes, sir Oh, yeah, yesterday I wanted to comment he's talking about rich shaw. You said it was on the front page of the Herald which I had the Herald but it wasn't on till today's Herald. Well, it wasn't on yesterday because he announced it on a show yesterday morning So this is what happens when you're in the newspaper business is that everything becomes obsolete it was on the front page of their website Which actually harder if I yeah I was wondering if they add on your computer The results for today's races they call their or ghost Pretty made no matter if I think I got to results for this weekend's upcoming races on Back and plays like that If you play some St. in things the garp Uncle was something like that sure I think it was on the twilight zone where you got woke up and it was like he had he had the next day's newspaper and had the race results from the day before Yeah, I recall that. That was good effort Was it gonna happen for us? Okay, thanks pal. I cannot hear you ever see that? I don't see any fast coming by the way Did you send me a facts? I don't think anything coming from there Maybe maybe you guys are in the dead zone, but you are in south Florida. I think in the dead zone. Maybe you were gaslighting it Yeah, maybe it's just a big tease. I think that's what it's all about I think it's just a big tease you should play in the most hard way The facts coming now and here's also an email coming although it's from town pain.com And it's got nothing to do with Miguel or Jacob or anything I see and it's Well, what tell us this? This isn't what I was looking for this is a safe guys are usually Sparks to the minute what I said that facts after I sent the Jacob facts well the Jacob facts hasn't made it here okay? Unbelievable is it really Well, I got the one from our buddy gene Rogers our chronic facts when it says shade guys are usually sports types Slice buddy builders slash just like the picks on your website great show is always thank you Jean and of course it is I'm fags in it again. You're fagging it again wouldn't do the first time Okay, actually Roger's came through what I like to silly a drawing on it. I think it's a curse I think I think I'm being impenetra here. I think I'm being blocked somebody's got the sunblock Maybe they might in my eyes Oh, I was able to see how's that possible and he did you he got who it? They got a homo filter on there I'm gonna have him try to send it to your other one You know this is such a minor thing and you guys are making sense. I know it's intentional I know it's on purpose and this seems didn't work with my reading with stories that didn't come here There's another fact coming from my facts my sheen and you just center is like I'm so very long-related We sent it so and now it's redialing oh good Just gonna get a lot of times like those ratings today. Oh, that's see. Oh, this is a facts from To me I don't understand it on the same team. I've been with stuff like the Panther games on 32 Single I know baggage and old now this young is that was the Panther games. Well, I'd overlook that Whatever your name is to make a little not with the same person you have a great memory I sure have a great memory for certain things Jake I'm making a long-to-take about that oh yeah Let's see move last year to Lakeland and chase them I see taste a piece up there and didn't work out so came back here Taste a piece up there. I didn't like that. He's got some very hot chicks on his uh thing My space page by the way way to go wait a little escape there. It says you'd be surprised to how many people know you in the Tampa area wasn't your show on in Tampa one time yes? We were greatly saying yes on WSU and those were the really I'm thinking about moving to Vegas, but they won't be until late next year. Do I still visit Vegas? No His brother lives out there and then it says I'll be listening every now and then and I'll just understand this This is a email to um I don't understand it. This was a my space message that was sent to your my space account Remember how you said a message this morning? That's how he sent it to you and Miguel printed it up cut Pasted sent it in an email to you that you never got it says it's hard listening to your show When the people I work with are quick to run to HR Says you know racial religion can be a touchy subject. What is what is HR? I don't know HR Puppin stuff. Oh seriously, what is that? Anyway, that's it. Okay stand touch Jacob. I've agreed life. See him Vegas not human resources Oh, I see they're quick to run to human. I guess that's what that would be yeah Not if he's got this show on it. We don't want to offend anybody we don't even get anybody fired Because they're listening to the new Roger show they got it on real love and I'm talking about all at my atheist crap in my Fag crap. We should all do that. You say cockah all the time Well, so there you go. Thanks Miguel for finally getting that through one thanks whoever for the memory So isn't that that's sweet and that beautiful lovely thing? Yes, it is what did I tell you? I never forget a pretty face and that's another reason he's got a shoved down there at the office because I'm not here in this crap And I don't blame him how many votes we got on the pool and what who's on first? Not that I'm easily distracted with stuff like that 1242 votes and I sure hope it didn't hear that part about the wallpaper on my desktop being with those pictures and squatting on that rack out there in the desert Well, his brother lives in Vegas when do you like ever brother who lives in Vegas? Okay, and could put you up like for free While you're out there plunging your guts out and winding and dining and stuff like that. That's the Vegas connection now Do yeah, yeah, oh Bob Lincoln. No, that's not who I was thinking about that's what I was thinking Not Bob Lincoln Viva Las Vegas. Let's organize another one of those Vegas trips My brother was daughter wants to put me up. Yeah, but you will let her put up put you up on top sure Problem is past noon at 5.60. Nobody here. I'm we will get back and take a million calls today We'll get back to the show as soon as we can give George off of this so Jacob kick That was a nice as your reputation been injured by appearing in the borax For a cause me to lose respect among my fraternity brothers and that ain't easy to do What you to see about the true nature of borax intention you saved me money Asked me the side of release form and pointed a camera at me when I said racist stuff How is I supposed to know I there not been his movie you may be eligible for compensation by calling the law offices of Sasha Baran and Cohen that name sounds familiar at the law offices of Sasha baran and Cohen We'll offer you complimentary drinks as you decide a release and sit you in part of a camera for your free consultation with our lead attorney Ali G check it. I here with more main plate if question. Why is you so stupid? For real Respect don't delay visit the law offices of Sasha baran and Cohen today We'll get you the money and respect you deserve and won't let the It's 12 17 at five 60 WCM just like hitting that face was nice, but nice Yes Come 153 votes on our poll today. Are you shaving it whysing it yankin a tweezing it Maybe they're pulling it out with tweezers narrowing it. They're needing it. They're doing well Pelosi won't name Hastings chairman of the House and Tell of this community I got to get back in and express a few my bedtime stories on here otherwise you ought to see if I'm gonna start re-volting I'll well I never did get the email by the way. I see that Miguel did email it and never that's hot mail for a man That's Bill Gates. That's Windows. That's V Gates. I Pulled me call to use that other email address No, but seriously so if I get if I get email on there and it doesn't show up. That's not a good idea Here's the fact that this is I have here all over my body I de-her my back and private and fin my arm and chest here the women love and appreciated I've never met a girl that said ooh Just love a man with a hairy back in fact. I found women who hate hairy backs Everybody has a very hot older sister 26 where can she be found? She's either dating or married to some other joc Forget who it all was. You know who it is Josh? No, well why don't I? I don't know. I don't know This is important my first news he has a hot sister. I'm looking around right now. Yeah. What's your name Martha? So anyway, and of course this guy forgot all about Ron Jeremy But then again these women were given paid to do that's about 100 years ago 10. Yeah, that's true That's ancient history nobody not knows from Ron Jeremy. What does off medina joc? And I see was asked about wow Yeah, that's true. That's ancient history nobody not knows from Ron Jeremy What does off medina joc? Was asked about wow How in the public concerns about the ethical tones you was sending incoming house speaker Nancy Pelosi told representative Alcie Hastings to the day She would not name him chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Pelosi announced her decision in a tourist statement that gave no hit of whom she would select head the sensitive panel Which oversees the nations until discontinuity Congressman Alcie Hastings and I have had extensive consultations and today I advised him that I was select someone else as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Pelosi said Alcie Hastings has always placed national security as his eyes priority. He has served that country well now full confidence will continue So she be saying Pelosi previously indicated she would not choose representative Jane Harman to regret a California who has the senior Democrat on the intelligence panel Hastings who was next in line after Harman has been the focus of editorials from coast to coast Quiddishizing his possible selection because of his impeachment and removal from the federal bench at late 18 1980s the late 1890s on a Breyer conspiracy charge Hastings Democrat Amir Marna supporters had argued that his impeachment came despite his acquittal on criminal charges He noted he served on the secretive panel for seven years. Let's get O. J. and charge. What do you say by the way? That'll be Laura Quinn. Yeah, and she's okay. She's dating AJ Hawk linebacker for the Green Bay Packers with told you and She's just okay. Yeah, you know, in other words, he doesn't run in the family. She doesn't have Brady's beautiful looks Anyway, I wasn't expecting a response and I want to put you on the spot You know like that put you on the spot make you answer a question like that that everybody will say you see how we like us Brett that's how they do man. That's how those homeless do a man. It we crude they spread it around. Yes, spread this 1200 and so Your buddy changed to piece up in Lakeland, but it didn't work out That's an interesting way of putting it got away He was able to escape the piece guy way and he got away He got away without getting In half right I think in Jacob keep running like hell man That's George's advice keep running like hell. Don't get locked in once you're locked in you're screwed all over There's plenty of other pieces to chase all over the world believe you me Probably 60 on the down. WWE LM and Albion again I'm going back to Albion Michigan to finish out my career if it's good enough for Rick Shaw to retire I'm going to Albion for all the places I can think of that I've worked. Oh man Albion Michigan try to think they had any good restaurants and Albion I don't remember We had win shoolers in Marshall Michigan and we had that place with a clam chowder and stirges Michigan at WSTR Well, those are the days man This is what happens all you kids out there when you get old you start living in the past and thinking about how great it was And of course you realize one day you sit down and try to be honest with yourself and you realize It wasn't so great when you working for like 7580 bucks a week. That's what I was making in Albion Michigan 75 bucks a week. Oh, Kings ransom big bucks, baby. Kind of like what you're making now 560 let's get a million calls on here between now and two o'clock the colors are back and they have just Pumped oxygen and energy back in the show anybody buy it? No, but they've done something. Yeah, it'll little something 567 560 and pound or is that OH and pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line WQA and hello, yes, sir. Do you think I think I think they you ain't gonna be on WQA and hello, hello, yes, sir. Uh, good afternoon. That's a good torch Can you speak with George? Oh, yeah, would you want to speak with George if I'm not actually just calling how what's the link on the Which I call it seven inches My space the link do yeah the lights so I can get only the real a home page oh What was that link my space dot com slash you got you got or slap me. Oh, God. Yeah, oh Question thank God. Oh, okay Yeah, he wants to take a look at Jacob five six seven over 60 pound. It's just a joke when you relax just calm down Everybody just calm down a little bit. I'm trying to not much success Let's see now what I do with that facts that you said me there What what are you laughing about I told myself a joke. I never heard the I see Just sniffing the thanks. All right, you know me. I'm just I get so emotional about things And actually while you're analyzing sees one thing to know that there's part of your life That's just a fantasy part of your life. It's one thing to know that and accept it and realizing It's another thing there's some people who unfortunately never realize that don't know the difference right the stalkers You know We're gonna be at the golf stream and yeah Or to go find my background can we come watch you play to machine you know watch this He would W count really would don't it's every 2 a.m. Hello. Oh, I can't get out of my any fast enough Please reach stories if I didn't offer these morons on the phone I gotta give them the finger most of the day anyway. Yeah, okay Please read stories How you like that guy go back to New York by the way. That's my suggestion to you go back to New York all you mouth-content New Yorkers If you don't like it in South Florida New York with so great go back there and of course the New Yorkers in South Florida most of them are losers Who couldn't make it in New York? That's the bottom line. I've been turning that for 30 years and I'll say that one last time and maybe some more times Losers who couldn't make it in New York and they came to South Florida and there still losers But they're disgruntled and and I can understand I can easily understand and by the way for anybody who doesn't know including I shouldn't even mention it Because there are a lot of people out there who think that I'm there. Yeah, right and I'm right Yeah, I'm right there just like take five or told me if Pablo that night couple months ago He said well I can tell when you're in the studio with George. I said right and here comes Donald Brandon on the far outside Holy moly edible hit him again, Donnie WQAM hello Which was okay, but I'm ready to hear it. WQAM hello Yes, sir. How are you? Excellent. I almost said welcome back Well, that's what they're all saying since we start taking a call Zagia looking at some hiatus or something How's everything going? Everything is going magnificently well good. Good. I just want to tell you there's very few people They're right that in shelters above the rest you're one George is one but whatever I walk through in the airport people stop what they're doing Whenever I pick out that real people know they're looking at a special Athlete something that comes in all I want to an attacker to especially after leaving it on the oven Come on 71 votes, but it's really something man here. We are all these years later and he's still the same overgrown trail Don't forget which ones don't us too wide your attitude Muck yeah when he walks through the airport they say boys there are puts or what look at that What a piece of walking turd is what they say and they might have a point See, that's why I like the colors because they're all see they're always they've all been out there You know what I'm saying yeah, they've all been out there all long but they've been lurking waiting In the wings I don't think we've lost one of them. Have we we have no I said I don't we haven't I can't think of one I can't take a one I do believe I'm not that I don't dare no no don't say it He's still out there he calls when I take the show. Oh, he waits for you. He likes you alive I think he does 26 past no in the five 60 WQM on a great Wednesday Man, I totally this is gonna be a really big day in my life. Where's that facts again? I'm we need to stress over that email. I should not give out that email address to people because some of the emails don't come through on there You know what I'm saying? I know I you could use that other one because it will work Damn it. I just am curious because I can see right on the facts that by the way You're not the only one where we were having a discussion during the break and Most of the people that we know to have the high problem with hot nail We see even there mail also Well hot mail sucks. How do you like that? Bastards It's build gates again and evil doer if there were a little it's the clear war on bill gates. Okay Hey, all you racing in poker fans Pompano park racing and poker's got the gambling action you want to speak of the Donnie brainer demand he is he's doing it Whether it's first class nighttime horse racing or playing poker in our smoke free card room with no long way to play You can have a great night out of Pompano park so come up and treat yourself from evening again in fun and excitement Pompano park features free admission and free general parking every single day live harness racing in the poker room Open to be Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon. It's going on right now and live raising gets out of way nightly at 725 at a PM or be Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Don't forget every Wednesday like tonight It's dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs and more and every live racing night you can enjoy our primary buffet on the fourth floor For just 995 by showing us your power player reward card if you don't have one sign up for free at the Park place you have chocolate the grand senderids. You can earn great rewards for bidding on the races or playing poker and it's free to join Pompano park is also a course open every single day seven days and nights a week for the best in SOMICASTING harness server and a high-lash in from all across North America free to watch and plunge your guts on Pompano park a blast south of the 90 global art on powerline road for the new racing schedule called nine five four nine seven two 2000 run the wicked web it's Pompano park dot com The biggest name so best talent to the business wheel Rogers 420560 You God The ground looks segment today. We have a very special color online The mister Morris Harold Davis now let's see what he said to here. What's on your mind Morris? You know who I am Yeah, yeah, we do You are Morris Harold Davis absolutely and I'm calling to complain about the pizza Doito and boy ah, that's an interesting way to play Never quite heard it put that way before I like pizza, but the pizza here in South Florida is not all for me Doito it. Wow. This is quite a call we got on here. I can And give it to me A Now see here. I'm saying the pizza in Florida is terrible Anyone who says otherwise is wrong Yeah, well, thank you for your real call Morris right here on the canyon Bosch We'll be right back after this besides for mobile massage by Clarence 1232 28 to 1560 I guess normal can't work like a massage by clearance from the son of it and his cute little ass Where would he like it all probably? Braccombe Raff artist Snoop Dogg was arrested on weapons in our cottage surges last night after being pulled over by Burbank companies and following a TV performance not again what which ones One weapons in our cottage oh I can still see freighter sitting on the curb there after We're done Corleon got shot five times they hit him with five bullets and he's still alive and freighter is going He's got his head in his out there again like that you know poor freighter what a wimp Although he sure had a piece or two out there and Vegas speaking of that The banging dog is a way to talk to a dozen to a ten that's right the players couldn't get a drink at the table Yeah, what kind of crap is that Do you know who I am? I'm Oak Reed I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleader. Yeah, good for you According to Sergeant Kevin Grandalski. I've one of these are related to the quarterback for the bucks What's his name grabowski? Great cow ski oh grabowski According to Sergeant Kevin Grandal and put a bucks are so bad who they play this week Are they got any chance to they claim like a little girl's team? Yeah, it's burnt. Oh, yeah, they're bad They say they're gonna win that game Then we're office for go through 18 intersections in the first five minutes in like in the they are just pathetic and couldn't come too soon to make me happy What do I hate them? I can't stand Bill Coward He's he's just so far over the top, you know to the way over the top Spastic person He must be having like bad the kissies these days. You must his innards must be like George's really a turn turn up bad According to Sergeant Kevin Grandalski to turn you know before I go on with a Snoop Dogg story And I don't want to dwell on it because it's really embarrassing that's bad, but it's me. You know, it's just why I am old fact But the thing would Jacob and that whole business. It's just it's interesting When you discover people they haven't talked to or seen or you know In interplayed with or even just played with for years, you know, Sam? Yeah, it really is I'm going to wait with old friends right it's fun sure And you find out what they've been doing all these years. You think boy, I'm doing pretty good You know like that Do you realize that I've been declared as the most successful graduate from my high school ever in history of that high school? Oh, how do you like that? Of course, it's in a 10,000 people candidate work out of me high school. Not exactly what you call big city slicker, you know Nevertheless, nevertheless it's quite an accomplishment quite a feather in my crap can Little kid from candidate when he orc in here he's been 30 years on here in his god forsaken place in Miami Although doing a show from a real city does a nice thing turn kind of murky out there and cloudy and gate gray Kind of nasty looking on the outside what's that pepper to me because the cash drill was taken It's 54 right now going to be 61 today It's not bad for the 29th of November. I asked me next Monday with the temperatures. I'll say what I'll be thawing out by then's going to be reading winners coming on Friday or somebody is Corbyn's Sergeant Kevin Grandowski the charges and food possession of a gun cocaine in marijuana As well as having a false compartment in a vehicle the weapons charges are felony. Oh a felony Not Snoop Dogg whose real name is Calvin Brodas, well we know that by now because this is about the hundredth story We've had to hear about him going to the slamer Was arrested shortly after performing songs that's that s H and I want to love until tonight show with Jay Leno. How can he seem that's that the Schmidt and tonight show Bleepin that's that is Well says here that's that s blank blank blanks. I'm assuming that's that is there you go As in like each people I'm sorry but some of those will allow my I somewhere being we'll fart other touch the night And I will please will 35 year old musician from Sherman Oksosol over 17 million records which is said you lot about the condition of the human race Starting a few movies has several other run-ins with a law Earlier this month he was charged with one felony kind of knowingly possessing a deadly weapon a Classical baton. Well we remember that story sure While trying to board a plane in California 30s in Orange County said he was convicted on a felony in our Cautor's possession charge and I mean for trying to sell cocaine Try to sell cocaine And a bunch of go-he and several members is on to rise would you tane by police along the T-throw airport after a skirmish It lets him police officers with minor injuries. He'd the bad dude that pooped all man that Calvin Brodas Can he sing or what? No can he wrap it can he bring it can he sing it? No, he can wrap it like a style of a show Yeah, he can wrap it with bow on Show show this Other set of off before he starts writing with the phone yeah before he starts doing another thing that you were talking about For sure, I want to play we don't want to go too far okay a little like that is okay When you start doing that the Snoop Dogg here on a and they can play it down the hall of power 96 We're now the Greg is back Can't think yeah sure they can do whatever they want See, I'm tempted to take some calls now, but they aren't in the board See, this is the way it's gonna be now from here on in Monday and Tuesday last two days we got like four a little bit and like in a critical Not that we got this 85 minute delay and as soon as I say that or back in the old days back in the day I would say that they said right now right away You know, but now it takes for the four minute delay the cage even by that time. I'm you know Who'd help needs it? You know what I'm saying? They're mild on the road bad that time. That's right halfway to wood vine 567560 and pound five 16 the Verizon and singular wireless line that thing with the bill gates and at micro So see hotmail didn't used to be on that micro soft thing and then they put a deal on there Where you like oh well now we got a new hotmail page and the Microsoft this and it's the nifty or an eater and better and now it's all screwed up I say I don't know anything about it personally But you better off without it stick with your offer your album your expression with anything well It looks fresh as a real email account in client When you try to say as opposed to web mail, which is what Yahoo and hotmail are yeah You're at the mercy of the question hotmail again now and I know it's the there's nothing going to be on there No, there's nothing in mind box it's there are no messages. It's empty. It's is naked is Brady Quinn So what's the system's name? Laura Would not that great, huh? Now very average to me. I'll be there. Maybe you got the good genes from the family, huh? Maybe he's wearing the good genes Brady Quinn. Now what city of when is the Heisman is that Saturday the heisman trophy? Yeah, one big little picked the heisman trophy winner Relived down the road a piece yeah, then I can't afford it. It's when well when I hell is it? Well, once you google that well I'm doing a spot and current minds want to know when the Heisman's gonna be selected. I'll be sitting on the edge of my seat at the woodbind. I will not be watching I could care less who wins. What what was that hey? It's a sports station baby That's what Joe Bell said you better know your sports minister for juicier And I said I said hey Joe how about the bridge send it? Yes, sir. Yes That's for that the bitch that called her in a show a lot of her the bridge send it again Who thinks that every 10 see this is the way a lot of women are every 10 they snap their fingers They think you're gonna jump you know how high do I jump honey honey? Well guess what there are just a few people if they snap their fingers I would jump high for an old man believe me and she ain't one of them Yeah, there you go shake them like you want them what she ain't Now that's that in fact you don't want to do I'm gonna fold up that facts that you sent me Laze take it to your heart. I'm putting it right in my pocket close to my back Oh, yeah Are you looking up the high's been trophy or what Josh is yeah good? Let's go to everyone. Well see it's not that far away. I wouldn't give me crap. It's a week from Saturday You were wrong. It's not one week off. Oh, there we go again. You were wrong. Yeah to send you that check that's for damn sure Can you imagine I could have a good time? It would buy one would have to check You can have the good time at woodbind with your own checks Oh, man, is he starting to get like a little impudent now or what? Yeah a little is your hot shot dot the eye Little wouldn't you know, he's all right. He means well. He just does know it Hey, Bose the company that pioneered noise reducing headphones now offers you a choice new quiet comfort tree acoustic noise canceling headphones for an on-year design or Quiet comfort two headphones for an around-year fit each offers the unmatched combination noise reduction Audio performance and comfortable fit that you expect from Bose using with your MP3 player your DVD player laptop even your home is stereo Orders now by making one easy tool free call 1800 856 273 and make a great gift idea to enjoy me even more with a free MP3 player preloaded with music That's a $50 value in your order by January 31 Use them to renew his engine noise when you fly use them at work at home to enjoy music just about anywhere Undisturbed call 1800 856 273 to try for 30 days risk free ask about low monthly payments when you're Ultimate mobility magazine says quiet comfort headphones have been the gold standard for years So the choices yours QC two for an around-year fit or the new smaller on-year QC three headphones or a year Today by call net number 1800 856 273 and hear the difference Bose technology makes 1800 856 2073 The biggest name so best challenge to this is wheel rotters sports radio 560 Difficult for since we love the house and the same we've been I race Now we're looking for a guy who can win for us in 2008 Really a popular And you know that America's man We need to help us through help us pay him a wide house We're Half the street Half the street Half the street Half the street Half the street All the streets stay in the wide house Well you've got to check your past and you're growner than the chaining Get chained And you're real New Yorker down the poster like Hillary Hey Well Rudy here on a road He's gonna talk about gun-toned trove You got it Half the street Half the street Oh, we've got that candy Half the street Half the street Half the street Half the street Half the street Half the street Oh, we stay in the wide house I hope that he old party. We think that real tourist baby and there's no too soon 1247 at 5.60 WM happy Wednesday to him mad doggy is a two and then we got the power hour with Hank in the mad dog together and sing in a very small cheer Hank at the five five can you envision that? I can't even think about that. No thanks Then you got hurricane hotline with game work shots that the sunset placed on a clock Who's on that they're hurricane hotline? I bet just probably the beast Now let me ask you this is the beast on those hurricane basketball broadcast also no, oh have you know that? Psychic oh Josh isn't there then he's out to do what I'm here Well he knows that because the beast was in this studio during the game last night Oh, the best right the beast was in his room all our equipment There's log out of the computer this morning remember how to hold yeah I don't know why you're so well, you know a timid to talk about that you should like like on your So-so I'm carrying on yes, all right, I'm not though it's cuz nothing's going to be done and they don't care It's not making it that is more or least something the bitch and scream in yellow about nothing is more important than what they're doing Oh, that's right. It's a ball game. It's a clock and of course 1660 which I'm sure had a huge soon audience last night Tery you and lose to north western no less in a basketball Woo heavy duty. Then we got the Craig mission on a clock tonight the at a K show at 10 30 we have half our Transmitter maintenance and security clearance who could make a schedule anymore if you put a gun up his ass Although a normal can't we're like to Oh, God he's well something a piece. W to Q a M hello go data Bro yeah good call man. Go gamers my ass Grow up already we did five six seven oh five sixty gotta take our zillion calls between now to a clock See one thing I'm doing as I have a reasonable pile here's an in front of me as opposed because you have to like segue back into it You have to find a little bit of balance, you know Supposed to have it a huge big pile of all this crap and reading and reading all my god just tiring you some by two a clock You felt like you wanted to plot at least I did anyway and probably the audience did too if I'm most of more gone by then We're 13 every 19 votes on that today's body her pool shave it trim it wax it squeeze it Yanke it tweezin For you real men out there just take a tweezers and Yanke out each here one by one side by each But that's for a real guy. You know, he's not a real was afraid of pain a little bit of pain Like when you have a nose here, you know, you have a nose here and you like pull it all man Sometimes I like a like a mother You got a Yankees baby. You got a Yankees down there Nobody if you weigh in hello. Hello. Yes, sir Yeah, I called once we were saying that I wish that you would get gone buck wall and you accused me of being How it's cousin rich I'm a regular Miami guy that loves you. You want you to have a good age You say that these are crap enormous normal. No, are you out? So please give us a little bit a little bit late now sweet. I mean a hundred years old I'm in Neil. I'm on a way out. You know, you're going So good to stop in the day you you're still your great We can finish Okay, thanks. Thanks for your kissy kissy. Thank you sir. I'm real happy you're the way this right now Wasn't do happy yesterday or Monday, but now everything is just fine. You know that's how it is when you become neurotic and old And of course, I'm real happy because I got that facts in my pocket close to my heart You see the funny part about that is that I have girl even no That person I barely know Jake up just from the hockey games, you know, and that he was a listener Maybe came to a couple of appearances. You know, I'm saying I suppose to some of the other people would show up who you know, maybe they look good. Maybe they didn't but you know You get to know him a little bit better something about them I don't know anything about him except that he's got a brother in Vegas and he's got a bunch of pictures on there Him and his brother in some other group ball and he's got a lot of hot chicks on his website too, dammit But nevertheless But it's just that certain people you become like obsessed with the opposite about obsessed You know the meaning of that I'm says he was one of them and here it is all these years later. I'm still obsessed and now he's an old man He's like 32 but I would overlook that because he looks pretty good even you said yesterday looks like he's in good shape That looks like he was a sandwich or two looks like he maybe his brother isn't feeding them We're well off there at the buffet's in Vegas or at the worth Chris He needs to be fed WQAM hello I see that that's this week, you know see I let him go because I want to see how long he could keep it up Time for the sea Alice baby. WQAM hello There's one of the better ones of the day. WQAM hello 2 am Now you've got a hand in two of them as much as you reply as you despise them now that was pretty a creative one up no Yeah, why Oh, no, what's this fact? I was maybe it's about my hot meal. No, please even better Please play the bridge to do you said after the break I listened for over an hour Then I had to go into the courthouse. I'm friends with norm camp. Oh in that case no chance and could listen See if your friends with norm camp or one of your pestering the crap out of me Because that's especially is being a pest like his last guy said before not about being a good agent and get me Cindicated making me Ziggins of more dollars and I could be retired by now. No, not like that Anyway, it's not my fault if you forgot to play it after the break I've converted over a hundred people listen you also love all the Eisner bits See there's a hint again P.S. I'm listening all day today in my office I looked in the archives for the bridge that I couldn't find it love number one female listener Well, I've taken one thing like most women man. She is persistent, you know Now you got a hooker. Yeah, yeah, what you gonna hook her up? Talk her up with what yes, yes, sir. Yes I'm wondering About what about what? Bigger's cars and boats. Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth I don't have any of my friends. Okay, okay, yeah Time down Daddy No If I knew that I wouldn't have been asking say but that I said if I knew the answer the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place Okay, well, I'm saying sir Here's that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways over one Navigable waterway. Yes, sir, okay. Okay. Yeah, so it's up to them to decide what time Yeah, the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir? I'm telling you the thing come up with a time. What is the time? I believe it's at wish hour times sir That they are not open to marine traffic under the map. They are open to marine traffic So in other words, any slope with a boat can come along and backup traffic for people Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? Sounds like I've had a reandest all precious honey pickle The one boat right exactly No, I think that 50,000 cars out of stock for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do Thank you, but I know no law That's right I want the bridges closed period okay. I want them closed. I want the bricks tend to go home and watch And TV and get the out of our lives I want those bridges closed. Let them use the junta total, okay? Good on you the Macon football I think they all got a George Washington bridge and jump all of our bridged hunters. How do you like that sir? Okay, there you go lady and go get off my back Number one female listener and friend a normal camp. That doesn't speak very highly for you 252 signal. Can you believe actually play that? I do you would you're all tiny yeah I am just like that thing with stuff you couldn't believe that I did that thing for him. That was a staggering Yeah, but you see the thing of it is that he's the one got it selling the show and that actually gets copy for us And that is making an effort out there as opposed to the rights of the sales department Which I wouldn't wish on hunger Kimmer and it all fit on a bad day since you're in such a giving mood No, can I take advantage of this moment to say To Adele the double worshiper who sends us a lot of fine CDs all the time. Sure. All right there you go Adele happy birthday I mean Adele whatever you're doing he'll sayton I'm wearing a Satan shirt just in his honor to what if when the Jacob is birthday is I'm gonna find out the date for that So nice gift in fact that check that I was gonna send Josh next time I could probably send a Jacob so we have some gambling money You could send him a fruit basket just find one big enough to fit it Marked down the date in the time, okay? That was a beautiful thing Man, it is getting really heavy do the stuff. You know it's good and I'm kind of like getting from the soul weekly stupid As well, I mean he's great phone calls But just like getting and 1337 votes I said getty as opposed to schmitty money and Tuesday with kind of schmitty and they feel like getting and if your carpets are a little bit gritty Because you're grinding all kinds of schmutz down and every time you everybody in the household walks on The answer is to call my good friends at bright concepts over 21 years I've used rock concepts in my homes and they never let you down They show up right on time on the appointment is and they roll up their sleeves and they go about their fantastic Java drag thing your carpets are they only people in the world of do this? It's an exclusive pendant method and it sucks out even the deep down dirt in the five is your carpeting Which leaves your carpets look at and smelling and feeling just like brand new they're drying a couple of hours And you ready to rock and roll again. Nobody does a free like dry concepts and don't forget They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their miraculous job for you Guarantee if you use dry concepts you'll never have a dirty carpet again and now they've got a right plan to make frequent cleaning easy It's just a fresh to the cost of regular cleaning too So directly in those carpets and get the whole household looking brands fake a new for the upcoming holidays and Broward called dry concepts at nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight That's nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight and a date and Palm Beach call 1 800 2 48 50 71 that's 1 800 2 48 50 71 The biggest name so best challenge to the business wheel Rogers for 20 560 Oh In bulk of tickets. I've been all women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I just heard the new Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours What if you're planning a Scientology wedding reception don't sell for ordinary entertainment call Scientology wedding DJs Ladies and gentlemen Once going out to see who dropped the atomic bombs The millions of years ago If a gap band you drop a Bob on there We say I come out of the way only at Scientology wedding DJ can give your special day that special Science on this each time all my most in time for the ride a problem. Okay, so let's have a whole Single with him with an operating team level of several higher. I'm a bench for a set of calm now You know who you are Scientology wedding DJs are the perfect MCs for your perfect Celebration But controlling rooms these the brain watch ride the controlling rooms these the brain watch bride Oh Groups of rain watch ride You know no I tell you wedding DJs but say it's always wedding DJs do don't be glad 102 at five sixty double to hear him. I want you to be immediately Not sooner send me an email with that hot mail address You'll just see everything is working at all because it's just something very bizarre with that going on because usually by now I'd have like a whole bunch of crap, you know from North West Airlines and this one and now and just something going on with that thing I think it's a bill gates. I think it's evil plot to destroy my life Just to see if it comes through Here's the pull we got 1348 votes. I think we got a real good shot at 14 today. Don't you and of course We know care anymore. We're not kind of like push it, but if we do that's great and Joshua right it down on his arm pit and everybody Hey, they got 14 never votes on a you arrived to show that's because the calls are back Of course we had them any votes without the calls in me. Yeah. Yes, we did well What is that prove you know nothing? Especially when love these people are stuck with a well and they can't vote on their anyway Am I right? Yeah, who's on a well anymore more morons people would no lives people just haven't discovered Like they've all the funny studies who have all the different like new and the different stuff, you know I mean even kids won't go near that thing. Well, thank God for them guys who shave and or remove the chest hair Generally are and so far get is winning hands down your pants 450 or 425 votes nobody's even close narcissistic 180 they stand all day looking in the mirror. Oh, I mean I'd be able to fall in I pretty And probably most of those guys look like crap easily manipulated by maybe imagery 158 perfectly normal 146 That's the general consensus in the building perfectly normal because our people all shave it I used to be a militant hairy guy once upon a time. Ooh, it needed attention 94 In security to clean 72 they're a clean my sheen line 72. I hate this full 68 only 5% Well, I'm what do you mean only that's pretty high? It's bad and those are the guys who are shaving it for there ones who are needing it and teasing it and I wish I could think of the name of that product is like a little Yeah, we're a little trimmer thing I saw him see you together then I can't think of what it is it's like a little thing Anyway, he rains 52 show off 46 sexy 21 and young eight out of 1352 votes young only young guys do that Which shave old far it's not gonna be shaving nobody here? Especially Ron Jeremy it's a little late for you now Ron. You see you cow it. Oh, man There is long as I live I'll never forget that day But now go steam forced at him upon me and showed his fan asked the red across from me and I cheering the studio And I had the audacity to be honest and say my god, how's a Harry fat cow like you getting all the section and who would want to see you having sex? They're doing anything who's all insulted about that? That's what I'm getting to and he was very didn't say anything to me about it if you're haha, you know, and then he out in the hallway was like all Ben other Shave I Mean does this guy have any to see have any mirrors in his house or what? How can a big fat tubi guy that would be like me saying I'm a sex pod you know what kind of insanity is that kind of lunacy? Fat disgusting. Okay, so he's double-joyed. I'll give him that big deal Right? Yeah, we've all seen that one five six seven. Oh, I don't want to see it again It's like when jury butler stuff the turkey that Thanksgiving five six seven Oh five sixty and pound five sixty and he Verizon singular wireless lines. He now he's talking for oh stuff God only knows where it's gonna go next and it's all because of that damn my space thing got him all whipped up It's the devil. Yeah, see the devil makes you do it the devil's in the details WCWM. Hello Okay, another one of our really good ones just keep bringing it okay We don't screen the calls and we never will screen the calls on the show and spite of what that bitch choice of Jess Okay, choice can rot in a hell. She can burn on a spit at a Bobby Q somewhere W to Q a M hello Q a M Yeah, hello, yeah, you guys got a yeah, you know a dress for one Well, I want to set up a fucking for a four-day might get a daughter. No, what you don't want it? I don't know. I don't have any idea what it was. You don't want to email from him He didn't sound like somebody I want an email or certainly a picture from or over about or anything like that And let me see did you send me an email? Yes, on it hot mail and probably said this is a test You idiot you old let's see the thing is percolating windows live loading your messages and there are no messages Huh, it's not working. Send it like four minutes ago Like right about how that was that possible. I don't know is also not coming through on my blackberry Let me um rhymes with send some different other email, you know, you're out. Oh, of course That's gonna come shoot what the Yahoo one. No, not the outlook express. Yeah. Well, that's the real one I think everything else is web mail. You are so hung up with a demo look express matter of sense There's webmail and real email. Yeah hotmail and Yahoo are webmail. Yeah, but Yahoo always comes to whenever it never ever had nothing Nothing comes around you like I know of likewise on my other lover. There you go. It's probably Hey, yeah, who like poison because almost every single time you go on to check your mail right put in your ID and you're We all this other crap. It's pretty fun to do that to use a real email address when you can and you can You can do much more things with it like sending this all those is tapping with hotmail But how come all of a sudden this died maybe they decided to start sucking hard 567.0560 Power 560 Verizon cigarette or something up. You lead me a street again. I'm not gonna do it All right, we'd be done a garden pad WQAM hello Yes, I do a new pretty good paly This is a brother that loves your show near all right And Yeah, I keep the bad time story going new. I don't know if you played a young meal because it'll require for a young You know, okay see a five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 and the Verizon and cigarette or I was on these people I have office pools going you know they have orifice pools. He's got they pool in his orifice WQAM hello now. Yeah, hey, now This is Steve. I'm a long time listener. I've been a big fan of years for many many years down here Miami, but listen to forever and I just wanted to say that obviously love the show But the calls are okay. They're pretty they're fun for now even though we know they're not gonna last forever But what is that what do you mean by that? They're not gonna last forever? What does that mean? Well, I don't know because I have a feeling that you get so many lame phone calls probably money included that You know, you just gonna get to take a bit and we'll just go back to the way things were Yeah, the crap. Yeah, but I have a big fan. I was wondering if I could make a shameless request Yeah Could you either play hack the wife or if you could play strange things in my box Strange things in my box. Yeah, you must be dreaming man. We'll give you a number to Joyce mainly Get back to the Miami's you're right. Oh just Not well the hero Love by millions across the land We're in two this Here's X-Wat now She was hanging with another man But you just went home now For a night fest team mask and a pair of gloves and Back he went She was dipping her friend the waiter And given more than a 15% Where did you just take it? Start a fastening diet and don't you know was that be able before they fell She made a touchdown It'll Chicago It's acting that I Seb When Yeah Three Don't sit. Viele Wonder whatever And something to his soul, wishing he was dead. But it was a cell phone, no matter pistol, She was at my sum of, ah, deep in his hands. Or if I had to get a mark, now it's up to the jury, But he was too late, being here for life. And that if he were late, I'll stay. They'd feel bad for all day, They'd feel getting okay. To act wild. Act to wild, bitch. Hmm. How come time ain't no cheese so black? Ugh. No peace name, so best talent to the business. We are Rogers, sports widow 560, you A-M. Does G-Gordon Lillian, they don't come anywhere else than Nail Roger? O-J. Fox is not going to show your film if I did it. What did they say when they broke the news to you? What are you doing? You can't do this. You got some other projects here that you'd like our network to look at. Alright, let's look at. O-J. Simpsons if I didn't do it. It's the same film, you just came one word in the title. I know for better. Alright, let's see this one. The making of O-J. Simpsons if I didn't do it. No, that's even worse. Alright, last point here. Look. O-J. Simpsons if I did it, the musical. A hypothetical reenactment on ice. No, that's for Stinchio! Okay, 117 and 560 WCM. I'm having real issues with this hot meal. I think Bill Gates need to be taken out for a walk. Alright, I gotta leave. I tried to set myself an email from my Yahoo. Okay, and it wouldn't go through to that address. Alright, say. Done, then. And anywhere. So here's a facts from our opinion. The answer to the normal kids' rule from there. Thank you, and in Georgia, my life is now complete, and then she says, play. I have no idea. I've orchestrated the whole show now. She must have been like a conductor. Yeah, she's conducting it. Okay, leave us a long, already. Honey, okay, and go find a life. When you're pleased? I have no life. Now, if somebody facts this in, just wanted to see Michael Richards was about to leave the most troubling incident of his career behind. His policies is having to explain how the comic couldn't consider himself to be Jewish. This is new to me. We all always thought he was. Well. Richards wasn't born Jewish, but said he is considered himself Jewish over the years. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Alright. Technically, he isn't unless he attends classes in formally converts. Last week, crisis management expert Howard Rubenstein, ignores that Richards had shouted anti-Semitic remarks in the full stand of comedy routine, well before his appearance earlier this month, at which he ran Hexler's, with a racial tirade, using the inward. Although Rubenstein, who knows that Richard made the comments, he said that the comedian is Jewish and wasn't anti-Semitic at all, but was role-playing instead. But leading rabbi's note that the man who played Cosmo Cramer on sign felt hasn't converted Judaism and neither of his parents are Jewish. Sounds like a guy to me faced with a new information Rubenstein, I'll say the asked Richards and the, by the asked Richards and the comedian thinks of himself as Jewish and has been talking with psychiatrist. That sentence doesn't make any sense for them. He needs it as Michael Richards. The founder and the dean of the Simon Vsantol Center in Los Angeles, Rabbi Marvyn Haier said, you can't feel Jewish and you can't become Jewish without convertible Jewish. He feels Jewish. He's not, but he feels close enough, right? Yeah. Okay, like the beast said, I feel human even though I'm not or whatever that was. You know, like Robert Creeper said, I feel like a guy even though, however that goes. No one would have said, I understand. Like Clarence said, I feel like a program director even though I'm a a person. 1391 votes over 81. We're going to do 14 easy today and then we'll be on Fatskree, Baby. We'll be doing it. 560, 560. What about that hot mail thing? How do you think? What are we going to do about that? I think tomorrow morning, I'll walk you through how to put a real email account into your phone and then you can, Joyce can that hot mail. In my blackberry? Yes. How do you do that? We do it tomorrow morning. We go to this again. You gently by the hand and I'll handle. What the hell do you know about it? You know nothing about the last three? No, I don't, but you do. Oh, I do do. Yes. I will if Hotmail markets straight now here for the name Quarfiss. It's like way back when, months ago when Joe Bell was sending me emails and I wasn't getting them. And I think vice versa, you two whatever. It's Hotmail against piece of crap. WDQAM, hello. Nice talking to you. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Just one thing I was in your part of town. I had to win a vacation when I was in Toronto. Nice place. Stay right there on Young Street. And, you know, I got a good view of the incident. When the office is a pub, you could see no nice areas. You've been there before? Many times. Many times. Yep. And do you live? I mean, it's not exactly. You live in the downtown area in the suburbs. Somewhere, yeah. Somewhere. Okay. What's your dress? No. In my phone number, my shoe side. Oh, I mean, yeah. Oh, just curious. How many of the new ones? Which the other night was listening to a Curtis, and they had many more kids live from the heat game. Man, that was terrible. Oh, man. We could went to ProGuer. Wow. That guy can't talk for the better thing. All right, so that news, Palio Calcita, in center, okay, I'll be eating. Wow. Yeah, where do I live? Like around, around in the box. What are you laughing about? Oh, listen, we got all these stalkers. I'm not, I know. I know. Any stalkers, okay. I mean, if Jacob wants my address and phone, I'll probably gladly give it to him. I'd be more in heavy. Looks like he could use a meal at Ruth Chris. Take him out for a nice feeding. Catch up on old times. 13, 84 votes on a poll. We got 14, like we didn't even have to look at him. You don't say we got to lift. Sometimes when you have it, lift. WQ, where I am? Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm sure. Ron Jeremy. Yeah. I was down at Fantasy Fest this year, and coming out in the morning with my body. And there's Ron Jeremy coming around the corner right at us. Oh, my God. I know, my favorite food. He had one of those portable cameras. He's like, hey, Ron, can I get a picture? And Ron's like, yeah, so my buddy goes out, puts his arm on his shoulder. I take the picture. And I'm like, dude, that was so gross. You touch that guy. And he wrote horrible. Absolutely. He does look horrible. Yeah. He's felt by sereney's disgusting and grotesque. Yeah. It was just pretty funny. They'll run into him down there and stay in the days and, like, ah, ha ha ha. Maybe he was roaming without goldstein again. Could be. Maybe they were sure in a double bin. And extra wide. 1384, whatever happened with Alibar. We're going to ever track him down or not. Hopefully not. Although I wish him all the best. You know what I mean? What do you mean? I mean, I don't wish him any. I don't dislike Al. I have no personal problem. I mean, he created a problem for the station at time when you put him on the air. When you put him on the air. When you put him on the air. He keeps saying. You get aggravated every time I say it. They're eating. They're eating. They're eating. They're eating. They're eating. They're eating. They still repeat it. They're eating. What? That it was me. They still wanted to blame me for putting it on the air. Never. They're going to hate you and try to throw you under the bus every chance. You don't need to get them on the material. Okay. George didn't invite him in. I invited him in. Not. In fact, don't you remember all the times I used to call on a bat line? No, hello. I'm on the boat. Same on the first one. Well, thank God for that. I remember that first time I was still downstairs on the second floor. And he came in with a huge family size box of cereal. It was eating cereal out of the box by the handful. Remember that? Oh, yeah. It was one of those family size. You know, like for a family of 10, what was gigantic? Like used to get what was the grocery that extra. That you stay like the extra large size of the dog. Right. And then you bang your own. You'd sack it. Bag it. Wow. I wonder how Jack Bagadjun used to do it at the middlelands, by the way. Speaking of marginal drivers. 1388 votes on the pool man. Hair or no hair or shave in it or a tweezen it. So he ran into a Ron Jeremy. Wouldn't you write that down in your diary? That's like the guy who was up in another Toronto area. And was over at the falls. I guess I was using. Here's my address, palio. Okay. It's somewhere like in a place. In a place with lots of space and my space. So what are we going to do about that? I don't want that bother me. It's just the cross my ass. You know, just card it. Get rid of it, get rid of it, get rid of it, get rid of it, get rid of it. Get rid of it, get rid of it, get rid of it. Yeah. But then I got to change that thing on my blackberry. We'll figure it out. Okay. We'll work on it tomorrow before the show. Coming next to early like about four in a morning. You will anyway. Yeah. 25 past one at five, 60 WQM. Nothing is worse this time in the air than driving into the mall and fighting all those crazed choppers. Man, skip all the holiday shopping mayhem this year. If you need to do a new mattress, just make that one easy call. 1800 mattress. It's down mattress is 30th birthday. About 30 men. And a celebrate telemathrs and Simmons are off for you. The lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top. It's like they bring the whole damn stir right to you. Just call 1-800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices in the ordering of service with no nonsense. I've been doing by for years, by many a time. Call by game time. You know, after so be delivered by the post game show. With telemathrs just choose the date and time for your delivery. When you want seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 to night, pick it to our window. Even the same day that you call and telemathrs delivers on time. One of the many reasons why telemathrs continues to be ranked number one of the world in customer satisfaction and why virtually everybody at QMU uses telemathrs when they owe mattresses. I think I've had it. On the web, it's mattress.com or make that one easy call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the list as because it stands for sensational savings and for sol. The biggest name, so best talent to the business, we will rot your sports radio 560-U-A-M. But do you have a heart or a liver? Do you Tom Cruise take this former party of five cast member to have a duel? Actually, I would un-dossenscreen. Whatever, this whole wedding just an exercise and shameless self-promotion anyway. I do. And do you, Katie Holmes, take this closeted action start to be or lovely when it has been till ear reconcilable differences? Do you park? At this point, do I really have a choice? Then by the power vested in me by El Ron Hubbard, I now pronounce you fake man and wife. You may now pretend to kiss the bride. So the business is both my assessments and it's came to you on my heart, man. I'm going to have to sleep on it. No, wow, wow, wow. It didn't even look like they were going through. That was the yahu being all screwed up. It's just one of those deals, you know? It's just my punishment for being an old-fag. Third, as opposed to a young-fag. Third, you have to be a 25-host on the pool. There's the Pope, I wonder if the Pope is shaving it, huh? I wonder if they have to have the same effect on the show. They have to trim air here, air leak. Oh, you better believe it. You'll be a smooth up-missive, take tweezers to them. Yeah. Yeah. Five, say, well, I was just envisioning some of you. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. Let's get a bunch of calls in here to slash staff our all-though, Moe and Portante, a couple of stories here, speaking to the Pope. This one first, Chubo Lita Fidel Castro, yesterday, missed the opening event of his 80th birthday celebration, and said sending a note to a large gathering of supporters in Ivana, that he was in no condition to court a doctor's to face such a colossal gathering. He'd be illin. In a brief written statement, read aloud, when not in, so hundreds of guests at the Karl Marx Theatre, Castro said he faced a dilemma. Only the man of theater could fit all the invite of guests, and Dr. City couldn't be around so many people. I opted for the very end of speaking to while using this means of this statement, I thought about Gloria and honor as expressed by Jose Marti as well-known, when he said that all Gloria and honor fit inside a grain of corn. Cole. Castro has not also said the US leadership has created a crisis of such magnitude that the American people themselves will all more surely not allow President Bush to finish his term. He went on to say that he had sent Lenin to do events with President Hugo Chavez congratulating him on his efforts to save energy by docking a Cuban program of issuing power-saving light bulbs. We have a duty to save our species, Castro said. Croke already, would you please, you old-turned croke already? Which I'm sure there's some people thinking about me, but that's too bad. And speaking of old-toads who may croke about the Pope, what does he see about 110? Pope ended up the 16-hello mass today in one of the holiest Christian places in Turkey as part of efforts to reach out to the Roman Catholic minority, the mostly Muslim country. And they all the Turks got together and they said, Hub your in-drared, whatever that means. The pun of conduct of the, well, that's in Turkish, you know? I wonder if you went to a Turkish bath while he was there, the Pope, he said he wanted to. You probably went to some baths. The pun of conduct of the open air mass nested at the ruins of a house where the virgin Mary is thought to have spent her last year as Ayyvayazmir, a house where the virgin Mary is thought to have spent her last year. And she probably is showing up on Totina's pizza and on grotesque sandwiches. Security forces at Sierloff, the arena only 250 of it, I guess, attended, making one of the smallest crowds to attend a people mass. The Vatican said the site could accommodate up to 2,000 people. Oh, look at that, some Turkish wives accused of shining their husband may be killed. I'm seeing him right now. How did she shain him? A adultery? By walking outside, looking like that? The Vatican said the site could accommodate up to 2,000 people. Many of those attending held small Turkish and Vatican flags. In bright sunshine, the Pope stood on a dice under a white flower covered canopy. A canopy. A paramilitary helicopter hovered over the crowd as the Pope arrived. And registered guests went through three separate metal detectors before reaching the sacred site. All the guests keys all the time. A military policeman said security deals weren't given out to officers until last minute apparently to keep the Pope's exact route secret. Well, what we do for him? I don't know if that. These are honor killings in Turkey. She's got their smoth over a face to your head veil. A bitch around abused by everyone. I told my family, but they said you chose it. It's your problem. Thank God that the women of the world have been treated so well by the religion. It's all through the ages and a beautiful thing. Yeah. You guys still can't begin to tell you how many women in this building. And I'm building, and which I spend most of the year. I have the burqa and the jerka and the whole deal. Is this, you know, and they reproduce like rabbits. They've all carrying around like 1012 kids, you know. Yeah. Wow. While those semites. Fourteen hundred votes on a poll. Remember the days of the 1400 on the dial that we do FTO, the light bulb. The normal can't show the Jewish Kaufman show. The Mr. Ego show. The Craig Warding show. Oh boy. And the Mark Schibam show. Remember the guy called yesterday and said when I was reading the bedtime stories, it reminded him of Mark Schibam, which I do have. The W. I. The W. I. Your picture caro station presents the Mark Schibam show. But it's much too long and much too pond. Where's nobody has any idea who that is anyway? Oh, can you play Phil Henry, Negro buffet? Oh, you can eat Negro. The bathroom chargis six ninety five a month to hear his bits. How do you like that? It says some of facts here. Somebody, and it's got a squiggle on about him. It's like great, great squiggle. I think this is from gray. You know what I'm saying? I remember how he used to sign the text with that swirl. It was meant that the text would clear the bank. It was like a little sign that it was okay to release the pay text. How come with these guys? Now that we got your bell in there, which I will say this for him. I get paid like they are too early every day. How come they can cover the text now with him in there? Maybe because the billing is way up. Because we got to, I was going to say we all sales people. But I got to stop myself. Right at that point. Because I won't be getting carried away. The light bulb. Oh, man. Just during the last hour of a decade or so, it just stopped and think about how the radio landscape has changed. And now I know. Wow. We've gone from she to she, to the planet to where the rain is. I mean, from all of the southern crap, you know. And of course, like Ricky Tickie Shaw said, he got it into the right time. And he's going out at the right time. That's why I'm taking my retirement pool tomorrow. Don't forget to change that pool. I won't. And of course, like always, whatever they say, that's fine. You know, give them a voice and a chance to express an opinion. And I'll do whatever they want. Which is you want to win a live your life. Do what you want. Enjoy life, baby. Because once you win a box, that's it. Oh, and that's that thing that DVD that you sent with a package this week. Yeah, the one that we're talking about. There are a bunch of them, but that one about who killed John O'Neill. Okay. I mean, you haven't watched that then. I feel like three or four crazy people screaming each other in. And there's a lot of interesting information in there about, you know, the, I don't think I got my own copy of that. Well, believe me, someday when you really really been spoken like the Harold, I mean, just when you just stood off your ass like tomorrow. Watch a little bit of that. And you want to last for a long. In fact, you know what movie reminds me of? What was the movie about where the guy put the drill through his head in the end? Which I do want to spoil it for everybody. So they want me to have time watching it. Powerball hit a guy. Pye. Pye. That's it. Pye. Punky pie. Fll a pie and whatever other kind of pie. You don't want to watch the body. Stop it. Yeah. Because the guy put the drill through his head at the end of the movie. I don't blame him. I wish he would've done right in the beginning. Remember the worth of our student. It was a half an eternity with all the things. With the numbers. Yeah. He broke character. All the mysterious numbers. And the number. He discovered the guy. That's his phone number. Yeah. So you just to go on. Now who would they? I think it all the way to the movie. What was the other movie he made? Reckling for Drain. Absolutely. How can a guy make one movie so great? And then such a piece of turd like that, you know? Oh, that would be like saying, how do we know? And they called a crap on a jappy garbage. And I want to think in mass point. Right? He's made other good movies before. Such an, uh, bananas. Any haul. She'd quite come to banana. Uh, purple rose a Cairo. Really? Yeah. They were all right. Didn't see any of them probably because he was in them. No, he was not in purple rose a Cairo. Oh, thank God. He's not in mass point. You're like in a lot. Take our words for it. Go by it. Steel it. Render. Am I right? There's something very funny. And that was your next point. And it's got a great ending. Yes. Excellent. Scarlet doesn't get naked enough, but she never does. Analysts. But you can use your imagination. I do. I'm sitting here looking those pictures of Jacob. You know, there are some people you meet in life and they're just, I don't know what it is. They've even impressed and you would never forget them. Then there are other people you meet in life. Go you try to forget them. Like, I'm going to say, if they walk away, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's just the way this. Like that. Twenty two before two. I'm going to think if that out. Watch it again. What did I have ever happened to Jerry Lee to ask you that a couple weeks ago? What did he ask? I asked for you. But you forgot the answer. He was a man who was, as a matter of fact, the day that you asked me that question, they were going to be in town at Revolution the very next day. Now he's here in one of the boys in the band. He's the lead-o singer. I know it. I mean, it's just, it just keep moving along. They got a joke man. And then you missed it. And then nothing. But he isn't making any more movies. And what about Jennifer? I'm coming. I'll come and see her. No, I just can't. I just can't see her. I just can't see her. I just can't see her. I just can't see her. I just can't see her. I just can't see her. I just can't see her. I'm just showing the break. Who will look Jennifer Conlight? Okay. And see if she's still asked to ask. Ask a few people. Maybe they know. What's the movie I'm supposed to see? Cokeen Cowboys? That's what they said. It's a documentary. Well, somebody will probably send me a copy of it. And I sure hope it's better than Who Be Go John O'Neill. I'll send you a copy. If you walk to about five minutes today, I don't know how to copy that. It's like crazy, peop. You what? That was one of the ones for you. She sent some movies for me and some movies for you. Oh, brother. Who is this, she? It must be the one and hear bridge tender. God bless her. Number 10. Thank God. Experienced at difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompos during their winter event going on right now, the all-new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 has just arrived and joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented driving experience. During the Mercedes-Benz of Pompos, a winter event enjoyed lease and finance pressures on C, E, ML and our class vehicles, plus the motor transport utility vehicle of the year, the GL450. Mercedes-Benz of Pompos got over 200 employees working their brains off dedicated to providing you incomparable service, offering you with convenient service hours, courtesy vehicles, and complimentary car washes for a variety of customers, they even offer a deal of miles to their service customers too. Rise to the end of our export with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or click on our website BenzPompos.com. That's B-E-N-Z. BenzPompos.com. Experienced at difference during the winter event is going on right now and Mercedes-Benz of Pompos and your find-in at I-95 in Copens Road, you can call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-new-Benz, any W-B-E-N-Z. The F-G-S-N-U-S-S-T-T-E-N-Z is the one 800-new-Benz former city's Benz of Pompos and your family a joyous holiday season. The F-G-S-N-Z of best talents to the business wheel rocker sports radio 560-U-A-N. Do call this big market radio? The F-G-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T- Thou filled with peace and invented juburn hole right through the stream. Calls you got funky smelly stinky fee. And Jesse, the watery eyes around you. The fly is around you. Everything dies around you. All Heaven. Mr.Tai Heaven. You smell just like the word I won't repeat. I'm 45 at 5.60. You're already QM so PRR, who's just out of control says, by the way, this other crap about Don Cheechio. By the way, when are we going to Vegas and where do I call? We're not PRR. He says, good you're taking calls, sorry I will not call. That's good too. Don't be sorry. We're a static. Are we? Yes. I'll or you're not too fond of those weekends. I'll make it a separate case. Yeah. I love dying. I'm not going to Vegas. Although now that you mentioned it, that's a hell of a good idea for me. I'm one of my vacation we've seen lots of Vegas. Gotta know I know so I might run into out there. We're invited to invite me to come out and stay there. That's right. At a distance, at least have a little buffet lunch. Yeah, buy some of these some dinners. Well, I'm used to that. I'd rather buy him dinner than a rumor. 14 every 19 votes on a poll. Guys who shame and or remove their chest there, waxing it, yank it, whatever they're doing. R, gay. 146, say. How do you like that? In other words. You're fairie. Narcissistic. 190. Easily manipulated by media imagery. 163. That is so. That is such a clock that, you know, I just love the way that reads. Easily manipulated by media imagery. 163. How about just long kids would do I think, huh? Anyway. Perfectly normal 149. Well, it's wrong with a perfect normal one kid. Well, there's Anderson's pooper, by the way, speaking of that. They've been tensed in 100. In secure 88, they're clean 80. They're clean machine lawn, smooth like the Asians. Clean 80. I hate this full 72 still 5%. They just hate their deranged 52. Show off 48, sexy 23 and young eight. Well, summer sexy and summer not. You know what I mean? Just because somebody shows their body here doesn't make me, I mean, what's underneath could be like Randy West for example. That's right. That's not a good idea because the hair covers up a lot of you know. Yeah, a lot of you. Nice to see you right underneath. But you talk about ugly guys who made it big and made a lot of money. I guess he did. Randy West. He says, Ron. Huh? I guess they made enough. I'm sure he made some serious bucks Randy West. Now what tell us that, under Randy? It's under Randy. As in. Oh, sorry, Ron Randy. No, it is not. It's not a really. Is it under R? Maybe it's under West. Like Joe West, the Empire or go West Joe and man. I can't find it. And you know what's not important anyway. This crowd wouldn't remember Randy West. Although this crowd, like I said, probably would because they're all bunch of Proverbs. No, they see all that for God. There you go. No, what's that under? And G- Randy West. But I thought we had. Oh, I thought we had more than that. By the way, why? We got more than that. We got to over here. The, right, what's his name's message? Peter and Roots message? What time was that under? This kills some good time. Always. There's our Kelly in Irish. Don't cut it. How do you like that? I'm looking under West. Don't tell me it's just vanished disappeared. Hey, Neil. This is Randy West. Okay, what's that under? If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy. You should try girls. What's that under? R West. No. Oh, there it is. Hey, Neil. This is Randy West. And if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls. Oh, I just heard that. Sounds like an echo. That's good. I've got to go. No, no thanks. No, Paso. The soft. Yeah, so am I. I guess that leaves me up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the refractives. And singular wireless line. See, there he goes again for the empty time. Leaning me down the path of destruction. Uh-huh. There's penalty to take you. Yeah. These days. I don't need him. Believe me. So I heard him do it just fine. I have no complaints. Okay. You'd be shell shot. You'd be amazed. So what's certain other people, of course, are obsessed with my sex life. And just neurotic of all. Carry a notebook around all. Yeah, I don't want to mention other names, but I have no life. Mm-hmm. WCWM, hello. Neil? Yes, man. Hello. Hello. Neil Rodgers? Yes, man. What can I do? What what what can we do, man? We got a fucking change to shit, man. Well, that was really good one, then. I hope that was good to get on. Mm-hmm. Like I said, I'll stick with guys. 1428 votes on the pool. Say I guess, she thought if, you know, she said it real quick, like a hit. Oh, they're all geniuses. They are all the right work. They've got the money to play. Planned for hours, planning that. That was very good. And if you talk really fast, then you're going to do it. Of course, you've only got 75 dump buttons. Okay. Bitch. I guess there's only one thing to say about her and women like her. You're good. You've got you for. But nevertheless. 560, 5060, pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. See, now that we have the phones open again, it's like, play time for bonds. So, you know, all these people that didn't have anything to do before. Now they got like a hobby. Again, right. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, hotmail for down for last couple of days didn't out. I've been having trouble with the soup. But what I want to tell you was, you know, it is not out. Well, what, oh, hotmail is out? Yeah. Hotmail has the worst. So, how does it not just me? Well, what kind of get hotmail anyway? Get it. Get yourself a Gmail account. Gmail. It's the best. Yeah, okay. You're right. No, I have a Gmail account, but it's still web mail. 560, 5060, 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line. What's your misplaced, the guy said, hotmail starts to spin in and out. And I'm sure that's not the only thing. WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Great. Everything's great. Everything is hokey-dory. Hey, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot. I'm little like coacher. I'm a little like coacher. I love build-a-lature because he's a great coach. That's why. Because build-a-kowers are jackass. You don't see build-a-lature kind of sideline with a jaw jutting out. Like, ah, my pissed off. Like, ah, a shmuck. That's why. How come you don't like coaches? Why don't you grow up? You're a little overgrown, holy old man. Get back at a banana boat. I'm sure there's a lot of good people over there that couldn't make it. Why don't you swap you for them? Maybe they have good coaches. Yeah, that's right. Good coaches. Hoochin, who? I'll wait for them, I'll be sure. But you would. 1431 votes on the full man. That is heavy duty. Another we got the calls back. We got all the loony tunes. This is what they show us all about, okay? Like, watching a bad train wreck. Isn't that what they always used to say? Sure. I don't need to say that too. I love. Challenge for the business. We will rot your sports radio five to watch the issue. A-M. It's day. If I have a child, I'd buy six. So, double you, Q-A. Let's up you some more prisoners. Make them scream nice and loud. Get me some wires and a battery pack. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to use. Use you to the torture. Cause we're just playing their game. In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's safe. Cramer stand a fact with that. The fault is mine that it was said. I didn't like a turquist raping me and words. The crowd left him the bird. Acting jobs he can't have a fight. That is why he lost his mind. But he went his eyes attacking the black eyes. That's all a career dies. This is the fist in this no way to win. Just as Melkin said. For his on stage, Finn he'll have a run in. When I'll start this. When completely all this street. All the souls I've backed a reef. We had a bad day and I heard someone say he's in the KKK. From all the giants of Latterman. But he joins the list of men who showed all this great just like him in the green. Oh! Please follow the rules of the race. Alright, bye bye!