It's the most thing I've seen in 30 years. I've heard of man. So I figured that the crossover's longer than you showed today. All right, that's my name. I'm going to try. I love those kings, baby. How to go Wednesday? 100 Waco win. Oh, the dentist. That's right. And aesthetic. Can I give it that long needle? Yeah. Usually it pinches. They hold your lip and they kind of shake it. Now he didn't do any of that. No, did I feel anything. There was no pain. They only think it was. So it had my head. I was laying in the prone position for an hour and 20 minutes with my mouth jammed wide open. They put that red rubber ball on your mouth. Like the one at Joyce's got stuck at him out. Do we know this in M session? And that's the only thing you keep thinking to yourself. This will end sometime. Won't it? But the guy did a phenomenal job. And then I found out afterward because he's got like the first part is the drilling with like the the the small drill, you know. And then they get out the pneumatic drill and they're like and your whole head is like vibrating. And then I realize they stick pins in there. You know, like when you when the tooth is going to get rid of the shell of it and they stick a little pins. They stick him up into your gum and then they build a tooth around it. Do you know that? No. Oh, this stuff they can do now is amazing. All you people think that a terrified of the dentist don't be anymore. If you get a good dentist it's painless. No pain. By Rook can now guy. No pain lane. Yeah. He's terrific. So he came to night train lane? No. How about low asleep? No. Or die in lane. Oh, I wish all the marlins, rights fees very right about your body very if they Harold, which we hate very jackass like poison and the newspaper. Hello, you know Miguel sent me the thing that they did on me that piece they did on my 30th anniversary. That was pretty nice. Thanks Kevin Baxter as thanks to the photographer lady. That was good. Yeah. That was really nice piece for a change as opposed to the dual hatchet show. And sure a lot nicer than your body time jicketed, which was nothing, just shine me, you know. That's okay, Tom. We understand what it's all about. Just a petty little puss. And your body's certainly that old turd. He doesn't write anything. Oh, 760 in Palm Beach is going to be having Joe Gerardy on a wow. What we do, you know. Anyway, so very jackass. I'm sure you read this about the fire sale by the marlins and about the QM asking for a right to be reduction. The marlins have bought. We're paying 3.5 million a year for the rights for the marlins. Yeah, I thought it was 3, but that's okay. It's well, very says 3 and a half. And you know, yeah. And to get a manager Joe Bell declined to discuss the rights. Feezy said it's too early to tell how the stations add revenue will be affected. But my guess is there be some impact he said if they put like a little league team up there. You are the boss. 7111 and 1. Exhibition. So that means a lot. I'll tell you one thing about 4 seconds of hockey talk. The panther shocked the crap out of me man. It was a great move. Yep. A ballsy move. They've put a bunch of bucks to resound only. You can I agree. The only problem is nothing going to have a team to play around him. Yeah. I mean, that would be good. But at least they've made a say. They've made a say. Now if they'd stop lying about the attendance, you know, Wednesday night they kicked Auto was asked right there in the arena, which is unusual. A lot was done good. But there was nobody there. I watched parts of that on TV. I mean, nobody there and they put down 15,192 for the attendance. It's a paper yesterday. Come on. Get serious. Your buddy Alan Cohen, man. You know, they say about figures lie or lie. You don't have anything to do with that. Huh? He doesn't bother with that stuff. You get out of here. He doesn't. Well, whoever the hell is doing it. Do not fool in anybody. I'm sure they're making a lot of money for those empty seats. Plus, of course, all those freebies they keep giving away. If you had any idea as a season ticket over how many emails I keep getting from them and things in the mail. Oh, if you just, uh, will renew right now. Will you be like 40 free tickets again? Will you be like, you know, a day within a week. A glacier. Whatever you want, you know, come on. Oh, wait. Wouldn't go to see that garbage if you've paid me. Of course, my team really did a good yesterday. Nothing. They got old Luke Richardson and old Hack. They got rid of one old Hack and they got another one. It did nothing. It's just amazing. See, when you have a franchise in the city that's going to fill the place. Every game no matter what you do and you have standing in the old. Every game. It doesn't make any difference. So, the teachers union here that owns the team, all they care about is the bottom line. They're owned by the teacher union up there. Yes, that's correct. Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment, which also of course owns the or Canada. They don't teach us. And all the Raptors, you know, I don't think they're Pamela. Well, it's where I'll always go on strike here. And a good day at Woodbind, Mr. Day, had a very funny experience. Yeah. It was a bitch. I had to use that term, but she was there that they've been seeing. She's always there now. She wants up front. We'll be fortunate to type the first two machines. Number one and number two. I'd like to do it number one and number two right on her head. Anyway, so she's there going there yesterday and there she is. Got one and two. So I go down. There's finally machine open number five. I guess I put it 100 bucks just to me. Oh, no, I'm going to get off number one. I know you like this machine. You can have it. My favorite machine line because of a massacos like she is. And she's losing her ass on both machines. She's losing and losing. Oh, I put 800 net one and they put another 500. Did me any. And that's why she's given it to me because it's dead as a door. And you know, so I sit down. I put a couple hundred bucks in a night machine was his cold man is a block of ice. Nothing. Maybe a cherry, you know. And I put the third hundred and then boom. There's 400 on the line. Well, all of a sudden this very friendly, funny lady. Oh, my God. You see that. And she's talking to whoever sitting to her right. Which it kept changing. You know, people would come and go and. And no matter who was sitting there. Oh, I look at how lucky he is. I got 400 three times on the line. I got three spins for 250. And every time I get something, she was having a nervous breakdown. Oh, my. Oh, you're so lucky. Mama. Make a long story short. I had pretty good day. One few bucks. And she left before I did. And lost her ass to which I say. Oh, yeah. Selfish nasty, hateful bitch. Hey, like you're like you'll hit something. And then these old people there, these old like your Russian woman, especially. And if you hit something, you sit and wait and get paid a jackpot like two grand or whatever. Oh, you're so lucky. You're so lucky. And the meantime, even losing you. And you're pouring your ass through that place for months now. Oh, you're so lucky. And you just want to get up and punch them right in the mouth. We were talking about the slots down here and when they're going to happen. And yeah, I thought July what's going on with the. With the Indian casino, the Indian powwow. It's how deep oh, do it with that latest Indian deal. There was. There was a. There was a little. There was a little chocolate there. There was a story. The next day in the Sun Sentinel about I'm sure with no coincidence. No, it was about. Or maybe it was that day and I hadn't seen it yet, but it was about. How the Indians have applied, but there's. So they're. I guess, Howard County has been stalling. Getting or for sub whatever reason. Just hasn't gotten around and dealing with this and that's what's. What is holding it? It dealing with what? What is Howard County have to do with the Indians? That's where they are. No, no, that's got nothing to do with it. This state. It's the state that regularly. I know what we've been counting. But, for our, it has to do something. I forget what it was. I don't remember all the details of the story. Yeah, but they said that that's staying up right now for all of it. Well, good. So I hope the parametrials read into the punch on this. Who the hell wants to give the Indians a money? When you much rather give it to the parametrials, they need it. They can't even sell those cancer sticks like the Indians are doing. Very unfortunate. Like everything else that happens in Florida, not fast, not slow, just half fast. Yep. The aesthetic. So if I'd after the Kings were down 13 points at one point in the first half yesterday, it was a good thing I didn't know about that. No, I'm out there at Woodvine in Georgewood or somebody that was supposed to email me with a score. So I would at least know what I had to prepare to do a four hour show today or just another hour and a half. And nobody asked me to message. So, see what you need to get a blackberry. I know you're very anti-internet and all that stuff. But you'd love it. Being the puncher that you are, you can go online and get all the scores of every game. I get the scores on my phone. On your phone. Okay. So that's what I did. I went on the internet and I checked your favorite newspaper. I checked the Harold website. There was the final score. I was 26 for Mommy and Clumps in 63 and I said, Yeah, now we're talking. The only problem with these hour and a half shows is boy, you could use it this really easy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. Oh, yeah, hour and a half. I think that's about right. I think that's about right. I'm going to come for those following a late baseball game. Don't you think that's the way it ought to be for hours three hours too long. hour and a half man could be dynamite every day. I like it. And then I looked at schedule next week and Wednesday at 12. Fifty-six other. Marlin game. Oh, love those Kings and Osmarlin's. Please don't leave Marlin's. Please don't go. Yeah, that's story about them going on in San Antonio or we know it joke. Well, but it's the same thing here every time. It's always the same and we go through all of these. Like I said yesterday, quit threatening to leave already. If you're going to leave, bye bye. Have a great life. We'll pack you a couple of sub sandwiches. Get out of here already. I don't think there's a chance they can go there. No. First of all, all of a sudden the price of a ballpark is 300 million. Not only that, but the voters aren't going to approve it in San Antonio. I don't want to ask about that. They're going to ask anything. And they're going to insist on local partnership and they're the 38th rank market in the country. Like I said yesterday about the sky dome. I was coming home from my woodbind and cab driver. It was telling me about the city. I guess the city. The taxpayers paid the bill on that in the first place. I figured how many hundred millions are caused to build a sky dome and it's going to do a white elephant. And they couldn't give it away. So finally, Rogers cable bought it for $25 million. So when you parley, something that the taxpayers have spent hundreds of millions into a $25 million boom bottle, and then you name it the Rogers Center and it's much as I appreciate it. Yeah. Why couldn't they just call it the Rogers Sky dome? That's one of the best names of a building anywhere in the world of the sky dome, right? Yeah. Rogers Center, my ass. God. That's what it's at. The stadium in Washington, and it's automatically, they budgeted it 600 million. Right. That's what it cost to build a sky dome with 600 million. San Francisco, which was built five years ago, with a ballpark there without a roof, cost 400 million. Yeah. So how can they build a million for 300 million? They can't. And what's the battery point anyway? And the writer, of course, says, well, they say, we're construction costs are less in Texas. Yeah. That much less? Sure. They're bringing all those that's heaped out from across the border. In fact, Bush has built a special tunnel. You know how they keep showing all these tunnels they got. They got a special tunnel and they're bringing all the illegal, the great pickers from Mexico. Well, it's time for you to go. And it's been time to keep going on time ago since all the time. But we don't have time to mess around today. What are you laughing about? You, you got the lights today. I do have the lights. Make them a safe about it. I would never deny that. Got to talk real fast today. We'll listen. Have a great day. You're doing a good weekend. Great weekend in the happy poem and happy synth patties day. Best to you too. All of these things. All of these things. See. You can't. How will you see the past fires. So good. It's appropriate to run the rim. Mighty quickly head. Rob, I rising and slam duck with the left hand. Oh, monster slam. A one handed. Let's hand slam by Rob Heights. Tonight's only Islamic cartoon network. It's Elmer. Fudge of mentalism. Me barely, very quiet. I'm issuing a thought. You see, Jay-Z perform on the Grammys. We'll pull the car in. And now the home comes out of retirement. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Could do well with all the legend. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Jay-Z. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You've never had more beautiful to West and D. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jay-Z. Do you want to share with the legend? Yeah. I want to share with all that respect to my good friend, Stephen Tyler. Have you noticed that over the years he's looking more and more like a woman over the years? Yeah. More and more. I'm not saying he never got in the first place. More and more like a woman. No. I don't know. I just, I love that. Oh, man. I love that. I love that. All right. I've got a super like full steam ahead. Love those canes, man. Oh God, they came through and find foreign. First of all, they will get the rest kick today by the Hupers team Duke. 11, 30. We got to hurricane warm up and we got UM and Duke from the ACC tournament in the Greens Bros North Carolina. Why do I always want to say South Carolina? I don't know. And I think we'll be fired in the state of Carolina. UM and Duke in noon and so will be out here at 1130 which we've seen for 30 to which we say. All right. If you're starving for a really great meal at a really tiny price, John the Baker is the place for a two locations on Pines Boulevard in the Home Depot, Senator Just West of Flamingo, or the brand new John the Baker at the Sterling Town Center, Sterling and Pine Island and prestigious Cooper City. All kinds of fantastic Italian homemade goodies, everything is fresh and delicious. They give you a big fat portion at teeny tiny prices. Sausage in peppers, chicken parmesan, baked zedilizania, Zidians, a thing to choose from, and don't forget John the Baker's World Famous Garlic Rolls. Just juicy and dripping with garlic and as big as your head. And George and Josh should try to buy everything on him and you're from that fantastic sloppy sausage sub to girls spaghetti and meat balls and they are rave about them all and you will too. And don't forget some of the best pizza you ever had as well. Bring the whole family or call ahead for a takeout in Pemberpines called John the Baker at 954-431-431-431-4351, or a Cooper City at 954-25209-1. Always like I said huge portions and always the best and freshest Italian food in town. It doesn't get no better than John the Baker. This is New Rogers. This is 562-8-8-8-8-8. Take off those chicken pan. It's a 1080p. It's a 1080p. It was great, special. Mass graves of a lot of people that's exactly what he specialized in. Doing a heck of a job. Dummy. What college university you just buys the most? That was our podcast. We love hurricanes now. God, we love it. Yeah. 15. After a day in 364 was there any doubt about it? No. The spies noted a day. Touchdown. Jesus my ass. 5-12 University, 224. It's a good thing you came up with that. Yeah. I would have to vote for that. University of Miami, 202. They probably would have done better but winning that game for us yesterday. They'd be a little bit more gentle toward them. Gators, UF, 172, Gatorheter, so you have them better than Gators or FSU, which was next with 125. I hate this full 117. Always as well. None. 95. Don't hate anybody. Well, boring. Or a Robert 73. Ohio State 63. Liberty, a Baptist College 34. Jerry Falball. Yale, 24. Michigan, 20. Oh. Harvard 18, Duke 14, Texas 13. USC 11. Michigan State only 7. What's not to like? UCLA, 6 and Penn State only 6. I would have thought Penn State would have done better just because of Jopa and those crappy uniforms, Jack. Well, when you think? Yeah. I mean, maybe only one that hates him like poison. I think that he's just a cranky old man who's way out of control. I mean, I don't hate him, but he's definitely a cranky old man that control. Well, at least just like him a little bit. Anyway, how about that poor steal? All right. And George now has become a, I think you're involved in New Religion now. Right. Bob, the dobsy in religion. Luke does. I turned down the Lou Dobbs and now George does a miss it every night. God forbid. So the thing is, you don't realize the transformation that took place on that. I don't know him from anybody. I don't like the bold came from up above and something turned this up. It's probably a administration looking Jack ass who was just another towed on the TV. Into like Hellraiser. You know, that Arab Emirates owned DP world, say, yesterday would transfer its operations of American ports to a US entity after congressional leaders reportedly told your president that the firms take over deal was essentially dead. I'm capital Hill. DOD, DOA. Because of the strong relationship between the Arab Emirates and the United States had to preserve that relationship, DP world will transfer fully the US operations of P&O or that PU, P&O operations of American way United States entity Edward Bilky, DP world's chief operating officer of service statement, the announcement didn't specify though which US company would be involved. So before we get to a side of the people like, yeah, hold on a second. Okay, that's enough. Oh, that was special. Before we get to carry the way. But at least some good was accomplished finally. We want the era of the CCA deal stop now. Howard Biel would be proud. Ooh, and Josh is saying, Howard Biel, who's that? Here's today's poll and we need a lot of help on this. I don't know, maybe they don't have any. A TV show passed your president that you love will never admit to it. What do we got so far already? 470 votes. It's kind of weak. He has 64. I hate this poll. We'll be number 147. I forgot about that. I had your jacket at this morning. I already is zooming up there. They hate everything. Everything everybody wants to stop. So slow to have him away. Batman 38. Let's go. Okay. Andy Griffith's year of 36. Flipr 34. I'd be ashamed to admit that too. We've enjoyed it. But I voted for it. But he walks up for different reasons that I need. Hey Luke, you got a flu? Say, call me and trip away. Meh Meh. Brady Bunch 33. Any soap opera 28 like guiding light. Boy, they screw that thing up. The real world 26. Gomer's piles 26. You think Gomer has piles? Probably no. Part of the family 19. This man has about 18. That's the one with Miguel on it. Yeah. Quiris spoke 13. Joe Middynard 12. Part of five nine. Speaking of. Speaking of gay. What that was that kid's name? Scott Wolf. Was that it? Asked me. Part of your five-bed screamer. Dr. Phil 9. Twin Peaks 8. Ellen 8. Oprah 7. Dark Shadow 6. With Barnum's shorts. Whatever his name was. Remember that? No. You and I. You watched that show. I didn't make it through once. Well, all I remember about his name was Barnum. Was. Are you hot six? That was a good show. They took it off. I have no idea why Lorenzo. So what's that kind of to do with it? He was using the laser. And that was a copy of what Howard was doing. And Howard was threatening to sue them. And that works that. I didn't worth it. He doesn't have that good ratings anyway. And they just dropped it. But they had some pretty hot people on it. Yeah. They did. Well, I'm on a back. The apprentice six. The Orion Effector five. Speaking of shows was in pretty hot people on it. And they're making the band for and the read across be show only for. Well, that's not because people are ashamed to admit it. This because nobody would watch it. When you think, right? That's right. That's right. Yeah. Let's have another lost co-ed. They're there. I just can't really want to talk about it. 14,495 for a band in Pet Rescue. That's a pretty weak total of ESM. Yesterday we came up with a hundred bucks at that. Random location. We got two more ones for you today. Let's look at the scheduler. Curtis 2 to 4 mad dog at co-mines grill 4 to 7. Pants are premium with 7 o'clock. Nice going. Are we sounding old? Yoke in in man. They find that in some net with some balls. Now you just need a few more guys like 10. Pants are in Carolina Hurricanes 730 tonight. And it can't for the hockey game. Any interest net. NHL. So 4 to 7. During the mad dog show Josh Curtis will be their co-mines grill 51 81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood. And he promises to raise for a police hundred bucks. No. I'm not. I'm not. If I would have said 500 or something would have been ridiculous. 100 bucks you can do that. I hope so. A pretty mad at you for a few bucks. He can afford it. Believe me. And tomorrow from 3 to 5 even on Saturday a little juror test work. Because he's got mouth to feed. Yeah. Dickward. And he's got that. Well, George had dolphin stadium for the Maroonie auto 10 sale 3 to 5. And of course the CD isn't commemorative T-shirts. 20 bucks a piece of benefit of band in Pet Rescue for a lot of no. And Miguel sent me an ice pack yesterday. It was the one I was hoping for. But it was okay. And had the T-shirt in it and the CD and also that hero article, like I told it, I told him. That was nice piece. Thanks Kevin. Thanks to your any photographer lady. I wish I knew her name, which I don't but she was very nice. So for once in my life they helped treat me with respect. You know? Although Ellie Brecker did a nice piece too on the 25th. Remember that? Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold. Gold42th per. And then Michelle draft through the pen. It's not a show on this station, or I'm sureной your phone. Are you excited about it? It's like it's a madhouse. Will it? And we have to be no one there. We have to have all the others. Maybe Xbox is... proliferating the airwaves with their soil, but we've been a little bit of opin at 10-year-old kid in Oklahoma, man. He's going to be a number one quarterback and he's going to get drafted in the first round by, yeah, right. But so you may call it all you want of the NHL drag, which was overkill here like you wouldn't believe yesterday. I mean, just like I'd like them to seize, but in America, the disease is the NFL drag. It's a disease. Speaking of disease, it's in the supplemental. 26 past 10 at 5, 60, WQM Beach, foreigners go on mad. They don't have a disease, but it's madness in March all this month at Beach, Fort. They just missed break in their all-time record last month, so they're going to do it this month and why not? What's not to like? Because right now, they're standing camp 4-150s. Whereas low is 249 bucks a month. Would 995 bucks a five bucks down? Let me start over again. Okay. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why did I say that? Why did I say that? Beach Fort is gone mad. Well, that's what I'd like to do at times. It's madness in March all this month at Beach Fort. They just missed break in the record last month and they're going to break it this month. Right now, they're standing camp 4-150s. Let's see if I can do it again. Our as low as 249 bucks a month, with 995 bucks down, plus these are the fruit credit and a 39 month lease for it. And say bucks. Sorry. Madness in March at Beach Fort means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand and all new and new vehicles. If you're not in the market for a new carbon, no somebody who is send their action to Beach Fort. Because if they take a free and March Beach Fort, we'll send you $200 in cash. And that money comes from the advertising budget that won't check up the price to under Bugs for your friend and screw him. So, Miss Adam is one of your vent. Beach Fort's madness in March extended camp 4-150s low as 249 bucks a month discounts and rebates up to $10,000 and $200 in cash just for sending by a friend. Hurry and Beach Fort is just two miles east of the Golden Glaze. On 163rd Street West, taxi highway, you'll love your Beach Fort experience. This is New Rogers. This is 5-162A. Oh my god. Where are you, Drudge Packin'? Don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you not you don't you don't you prayed I said I said buttery three Let's do some more things until the last워 time The youngest subwoofer to one year about lunch we went through But I can see them receives a share of honey accepted hefty speaking fees from conservative groups. The Umshis Chris Matthews never trusted a guy to talk out of the side of his mouth with a speech defect on top of it, and loudly. A new report advanced to raw story yesterday, suggested Chris Matthews, the star of MSNBC's Daily Talk Book, TURED Hardwall, has accepted hefty speaking fees from an array of conservative trade associations. Seek's trash so hard, like President himself, as a moderate, like that fat-faced, pasty-arrishment-tim-russered on ETH and the fact of it is that they both have been bought and paid for by the right wing. Matthews has given speeches to at least ten major conservative trade associations since 2001. The reports authored Dave Johnson, who blogs at seeing the force and is now fellow with the progressive commonwealth Institute, could find no records indicating that Matthews had ever spoken before any democratic leading organizations. The report is not a product of the commonwealth Institute. Why is Matthew speaking at so many events with the Republican Associated Trade Organization Johnson asked, what is NBC policy on speaking engagements and why does NBC keep it hidden? Are these trade associations paying Matthews to purchase influence? Matthews has listed a speaking bureau in order to command hefty fees, while it can't be proven by the Matthews to take and money from the groups. Speaking fees are regular practice for large trade organizations to invite big-name media stars to speak to their memberships. Such fees typically run on the five figure range in occasionally to see $50,000 per engagement. And then the stories on our website you can click on the link and I'm sure the whole report and all these people that are buying and paying for a talk out of the side of his mouth Chris Matthews, Jack. SWQAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How's the weather in Toronto towards the end of April? Does that not be up that area? Our cloudy and murky. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes. QAM Weather Central. Hello. QAM. Yeah, this is Jeff and Miami. I speak to Neil. Okay. I'm going to Jeff and Miami. Hello. Hello. This is Jeff. Hello, Jeff. Yes it is. What are you guys? Hey, I just want to speak to him real quick about the, as a fork. About one. About the fork you'll then went to the trick to work there. What are the trash hands? WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Finally, Ms. Matt, Ms. That's your home to hot. I was on a run-up on that show. Very hot. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. That's why it's soft here. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I wanted to thank you for your recommendation of American History Act. So watch that last night. Absolutely good movie. Yeah. I'm Gordon. Fantastic. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Bigger. Five six seven. I guess nobody's been added to this pool. And if that's a case that's fine with me because I got the wheel to go like 55 minutes. That's right. A TV show passed your person that you love but would never admit it. I guess they just allowed to admit somebody might recognize their voice. WQAM Hello. Can I sniff your car? Neil. Cool. WQAM Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. Goodbye, Dubai. Ah. WQAM Hello. Maddy Goom. WQAM Hello. Hey, you know, how about the old Golden Girls? Gotta start getting Q with a riot man. Okay. Golden Girls. That's a good one. Who'd I would watch that? Only some old gay, Toad. When you think? Indeed. The old and toad. So they're here? We talked about 20 and there was one here actually has suggestion. See, that's not bad. It's a lesson for you. How to do this. Take about 6,000 calls and you'll get, I would say. I'm not good man. That actually makes sense. And then the other ones are very amusing and entertaining. They think. Ha ha ha. Underline that part. They think. Oh yeah, here are we all your parents. Ha ha ha. WQAM Hello. Oh, yes. It's all good. This is Rosenstein calling up Ronnie Bennington. Yes sir. How about the Walons? I can't say I love this. I like watching that show. For what? What did you like John Boy? The Walons? I know. This is a whole, uh, uh, whole ambiance. Yeah, it was real, real Hamish is the, or go and say Hamish. Okay, the Walons is good. We'll put it up. I think John Boy ever got that thing over to Richard Thomas. Was that his name? That's right. No, it's still there. And it's getting bigger every day. Got that big mold. It's a size of a baseball. It's got a son Zip code now. WQ, it's only good. It's very. Yeah. He needs to be shot. I want you to take care of this over the weekend. WQAM Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing today? Okay. Hey, do you saw that beautiful Samsung, uh, the LPHP TV? Yes, I do. What's that? What's your, uh, a service that you're using? Your HD service? How big your party? What's, what's your HD service you're using? I'm using direct TV? What are you using? If you come from my cable, got my digital cable. Oh, you got, like, contact, something like that. Something like that, yeah. Oh, how many channels you get? About 50. 80, 50? No, I know, but I think 25. About 25. About 30, I think. About 30, man. W to talk about clueless. WQAM Hello. Hey, get that van down the home to now. I guess he doesn't have Roger's digital cable, like I do. So he's missing out. WQAM Hello. Chilled the nail? Yes, sir. Uh, time tunnel. Great job. The time tunnel. Who? James Deren? There you go. Okay, thanks. Remember that show that was a hundred years ago, but this guy must be old, like me. Why is that embarrassing? That was a good show. Well, I mean, cheesy, but what was good about it? Yeah, and I was good because it was cheesy, was a great place. Let's all go to camp. I know somebody likes to set us all to camp. It's relatively early in my presence. Yeah. Oh. And speaking of Bosos of Provo ratings fall to a new low. That's what you can't think of when you think they can't get no lower. How low can they go? More and more people, especially Republicans, disapproval of Bush, my students performance, question is character and no longer consider Mr. Long leader against terrorism. According to the brand new AP, if so's pull, documenting one of the bleakest points of his own presidency. That get a weapon of mass destruction. Oh, he sure is nearly four out of five Americans, including 70% of Republicans believe civil war will break out in Iraq if it hasn't already. The bloody hot spot upon which Bush has taken his presidency, nearly 70% of all people in the US say the US is on the wrong track, a six-point jumps in six last month. 70% nearly say we're on the wrong track. Where it bill, not we should be in Ecuador. Bill, Montz, closed right now. I'm not happy with how to hammer it. Hazel Park, we should be at Northville. Watch and Brad Kramer and his town routine. I'm not happy with how things are going, said Margaret Campanelli, a retiree in Norwich, Connecticut, Norwich, who said she tends to vote Republican. I'm especially not happy with Iraq, not happy with how things work with Katrina. Republican Party leader said the survey explains why GOP lawmakers are rushing to distance themselves from Bush on a range of issues, for security that goodbye do by deal, immigration, spending more and less eavesdropping and trade. For example, all of these, all of these things. The positioning is most intense among Republicans facing election. This November, what is surprised in those considering presidential campaigns in 2008, even the obnoxious ultra-right wing fanatic maniac, Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas, a potential presidential candidate God forbid says, you're in the position of the cycle now that is difficult anyway, and second off to your thermal elections is the good to be disfirmity or defractor. Yeah, for media work for media with it, and we're familiar with you two sand, go away, you fashist. The polls suggest that most Americans wonder whether Bush is up to the job. The survey conducted Monday through Wednesday this week of 1000 people found that just 37% of his overall performance sets the lowest of his presidency in this particular poll. I think the lowest number we've seen all together last week was like 34, and I correct yes, right. Bush is job approval rating among Republicans plummeted from 82% in February to 74%, a dangerous sign in the midterm election year when parties rely on enthusiasm from their most loyal voters, the biggest losses were among white males. Those good, it's about time they started catching on. By a 47 to 36 margin people favor Democrats over Republicans when asked to be who should control Congress. There you go, those wonderful, finalist Democrats, they're really doing it baby, not speaking to doing it. Let's get with that, that the band and Pet Rescue campaign waiting because the written race in Syria is captured the melting that story that you were telling me. All right, it's Neil Rogers. This. What do you have somebody who would have moved into trying? Yeah. This shows real girls, crushing their goods, joins, spring break, weekend Florida. What about the hotest who's been the whole year in Florida? Now, thank God they're own video. It's golden girls, God wild. Who's in quiet? All your favorite golden girls, Dorothy, rose, bletch, and they always said, I'm just so dear. I share a picture with people who's under my track. Well, you won't have to think because golden girls, God wild, is two full hours of these braviness retirees, showing loads of wrinkly scams. I'm the most attractive and available woman in all of my grand. Golden girls, God wild. These hotest ones, hot flashes are going hopeless. Every chance they get. Except when they're on the rightest layers. They're all going to be even open, not blind, again. It doesn't get any sex here and list. But they'll take our word for it. Listen to what the golden girls are saying, a body chopper. You're going to fight those for gold. It's golden girls, God wild. Watch it just one time and you'll agree. You're a day in the history of mankind. Golden girls, God wild, call out. 26 and 56, the WCM, I got a great column again by Doug Thompson, capital Hill, Blue, Rottenburner, Services, and a minute. The first, the chief of an Indian tribe, represented by the lobbyist at K.B. R.M. was admitted to a meeting with President Bush in 2001, just days after the tribe, paid a prominent conservative lobbying group $25,000 and Mr. A.B. R.M. on the direction of courted documents and interviews. The payment was made to Americans for tax reform, a group run by Grover Norquist, one of the Republican party's most influential policy strategist. Mr. Norquist was a credit long time associate of Mr. A.B. R. Mr. Norquist attended the meeting along with Mr. A.B. R. off in the tribal leader, Ronald Garza of the Kick-Up-Ow, traditional travel Texas. They got great joy juice. Oh, yeah. It is not clear what role if any Mr. Norquist played and getting chief Garza into the meeting. And there's also Jason at the White House was aware of the $25,000 payment right. But the transaction adds new details to what is known about Mr. A.B. R.R. off on how he used his links to what connectivity conservatives to establish himself among his lobbying clients is having access to the highest levels of power in Washington. Mr. A.B. R. off has played a guillotine window. This is just a teeny tiny little tip of the iceberg, man. It's going to be like the poor ice caps melting and just flooding the entire globe before that actually happens in a couple of weeks. Oh, I thought it would have happened. Right. Doug Thompson says we don't burn our sources. One of them questions frequently raised by critics of this website is, how can you guys have sources of the mainstream media doesn't have? Good question. We often quote confidential sources in our stories. We have a choice of depending on such sources or not publishing a story. If I'm satisfied with the sources of the racket, I go with the story. It's a question of trust. And during my 23 years in Washington, both are journalists and a political operative. I built up an network of sources I trust and who trust me to protect their identity and not put them in harm's way. More than 40 years in journalism taught me to protect such sources of all costs. Many of those same sources don't trust a so-called mainstream media outlets because they've been burned by journalists who put the story ahead of protecting those who provide them with the information. Even worse, the mainstreamers can be downright sloppy when it comes to protecting those who have such information. On Monday, I outlined how the Bush administration has launched an all-out war on the press directing Attorney General Albert O'Biole five Gonzalez to go after reporters with subpoenas, wiretamps, monitoring emails and surveillance to try to stop leaks about the many questionable activities of the White House. I learned about the efforts because the FBI may be incredibly stupid mistake ascending one of their national security letters to accompany my own demanding information on one of its clients, me. Then I confirmed the story with my administration sources and ran with it on Monday, knowing that even acknowledging receipt of an national security letter could lead to trouble. The letter was withdrawn after my attorney negotiated deal. On Tuesday, an email arrived from Dan Egan, just into Department Course Finance for the Washington Post, Dan wanted to copy of the letter in more information on the story. That's right. I read a story about how the Bush administration is monitoring the email of journalists and a journalist far as often email asking me to violate the USA Patriot Act and we're certain jail time for providing him with a copy of a letter I might even spokesman that I have. In fact, I don't have it, I never did. The FBI sent a letter to my web hosting company offices, which are 300 miles away from my home in studio. In my instructions, it went from employee who received its straight to my attorney and he dealt directly with the feds. I never saw the letter, do not know what happened to it, I'm not pretty detailed as what it said, I don't want to know, that's why I'm still sitting here not on my way to Gitmo. Then I checked my voicemail to find a call from Robert O. Harrow Jr or another post reporter wanting information on my sources. Wow, I read a story about how the Bush administration is monitoring phone calls and reporters calls me on the phone to get information on my confidential sources. Anybody see a pattern here? Next, I get both a phone call and an email from David Armstrong of the National Security News Service saying he's working with 60 minutes on a story about domestic spying by the NSA. He wants info on my sources. Let's see, a reporter uses both the telephone and email to request the names of confidential sources on a story about how the NSA monitors telephone and email use of you guessed the reporters. Sorry, guys, I'm not about to burn my sources when you take so little for caution seeking information from me. Besides, that wouldn't help 60 minutes if they were the only news outlet left on the face of the planet. In 1981, I served on a panel discussion of Fred Graham, then legal correspondent for CBS News. During a break, I told him about a paper I once worked for, the Altant Telegraph in Illinois, which had lost a landmark liable suit for something they never published. I thought it might make a good story about injustice. Instead, Graham turned the story over to Morley's safer in 60 minutes and they put together a hatcher jab on the newspaper and told the story from a trial or as front of you. Instead, a defending freedom of the press, safer in his crew sensationalized the story for ratings. Some years later, we'd learn again just how 60 minutes in CBS News hangs people out to dry. Jeffrey Wig in the fire corporate vice president for Brown and Williams into back-o-companying, blew the whistle on the company's campaign to hide the two dangers of nicotine, but 60 minutes in McWall has caved into corporate pressure and shoved the story after remaining Wigens' identity. His reputation was ruined by the networks incompetence. Given such track records, why should anyone any source trust the mainstreamers? The Washington Post sends an unscure email openly asking me to violate federal law by turning over a classified document and I'm supposed to believe they'll protect sources that have cultivated and protected for more than two decades? When Mark Thelton, number two man in the FBI, served as post reporter, Bob Woodward's primary source on Watergate insisted that Woodward would avoid contact by telephone and divide the scheme of planted messages in the newspaper, left the Woodward's door and meetings in an underground garage in Arlington. Thelton, who using the phone to rather standard communications means of the time, would leave the security of Sysnick's in White House right to his door, felt's identity remained a secret for 31 years. My sources no better than to use phone lines in email to contact me, we've worked out elaborate, always changing methods for sharing information. I'm not about to risk to confidentiality with reporters who are less careful. I've been hauled in front of grand jewellries by Overzealous prosecutors who wanted names and sources, they didn't get them. As a journalist I was trained to develop my own network of sources, not call out the reporters and ask them to give up theirs. Maybe I'm too old-fashioned for these pop culture journalism, maybe it's out of style for reporters to do their own work and research and send the depending on Google and others to do it for them. Maybe I'm just too old to change in two damn suspicious to get trapped by youngsters. My mama drowned the dumb ones. I love that. My mama drowned the dumb ones. Beauty. Is he greater what? He didn't like that website once upon a time. What do you keep saying that? I'm not just going to help that. Congratulations. Here's our poll so far. A TV show past your present that you love will have never met to it. 555 votes. But I'd look at the number five five five five. That's almost. He has 76. I hate this poll 71. I totally go right to the top. Wait a minute. A Batman 47. Andy Griffith's year 40. Flip for a 35. Flip your magic twang or Sandy. But a Brady Bunch 34. The real world, 29. Any soap opera, 29. Go more piles, 29. The partridge family, 24. Or wonderful guy with the eyes voted yet. Best for housewives 22. Joe McGinner 16. Quirre's goal 15. Like David Cassidy. Party of five 10. Like Scott Wolf. Dr. Phil 10. Oh God, we hate him. Twin peaks nine. The arrive factor nine. I sure wouldn't admit that. And I don't watch it. Or and, man, you know, wanting that nobody wants to comment about it. And even a little Tommy Jick has written his effect that he's still got shares in the vegan Broward on his radio show. Oh, Riley. He is the no factor. L and a Garc Shadow 7. Oprah 7. Are you hot six? No, I don't want to. After we found out who was a second. The apprentice six, Golden Girls 4. Roll rules 4. Making the band for. That was like a O-town and no town and Motown. And we're O-town? Yeah, I'll try to forget. 20 minutes with a round. The, you know, we did cross be sure for in time. 10, 10, 10, 10. They won't have any yet. So you guys have called them in. You better, you better hop on it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 36 minutes away. But who's counting? We're counting. 36 minutes away from that hurricane pregame show with a beast. All right. WQAM. Hello. Take it. I put my favorite show on the pole. Yes, sir. Your favorite show? That's the go ahead. Bonanza. Yeah, why would you want to admit that? I don't know. That gay. You may have just kind of gave it that hop thing. Put it on there. But, Anza. If it's the best these guys can do. Okay. Well, kind of, uh, gay. Yeah. I think Lauren Green was doing something with Alpo. Can you pick you that? I will learn that too. Talk about going to the dogs. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah. Hi. I got one for you. I've got my favorite margin. But I wanted to admit to it. Okay. Yeah. That was kind of gay. Yeah. Yeah. If you ask me, those two guys live together. That's right. Well, this is uncle. Well, they always said that. All right. Just kissing cousin, a resumco. They're both dead now. And Teta kept coming out of his head. They're both dead. Ray Walston was uncle, whatever his name was, Uncle Martian Martin. And who's the other guy Bill Bixby? Right. Who was also the incredible halft. That is correct. Well, what a shame. You know, they did a good people. They die. That's why I'm going to look to a hundred because I'm a bit miserable bastard. But that hard thing. He's not that very young. I guess we didn't have to worry about that at two a.m. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, now we got some nice people there. I can't think of any of the moment. We got some real fine people. That's your belly. He's a great land-handed, grandstander guy. And of course, then there's always Jim Sarny. If the son sent or who can't write any article without mention in that 760 ESPN radio and Palm Beach, that nobody listens to Jim. I'm off. He's sorry. And Evan Cohen. Oh, and by the way, his brother, Maddy Cohen is going to be on. I think doing two to four. Let me look at that schedule nice. We can see we got that straight down there. Yeah. Bow and bow and guilty and, uh, boy, talk about dragging your feet, Joe, that two to four most. I say, bring no back. It was good for a couple of the ups in a point one share or whatever was one point oh. Yeah. I don't see nothing funny about what's going on between two to four right now. I think it's, uh, at any rate. Just keep your opinions yourselves smart. Okay. When you're shopping for shoes, what name immediately pops right into your brain, Brandy's. Of course, because I've been sticking at in your brain for years now and rightfully so because Brandy's is unbeatable. You'll love shop and her because they treat you great. They've got a good deal going all the way around fantastic selection top brand names going in the best prices anywhere. They got rock for floor shine echo. S.A.S. in a fist of new balance all the names you don't want to love. When you go to brandy's, be sure and ask for Arnie. Tell Neil sent you and they're going to make sure you get the perfect fit at an unbeatable price every time. The pros and brandy's even specialize in wide wits as well if you got those big fat feet or if you just an old codger like me because you feet get wider and wider like, uh, and then he's still getting webbed when he gets to be real old. Brandy's worth it's worth it for if you need to just about anywhere in town for comfort style, fit that you want selection over thing Brandy's shoes and you'll find Brandy's and that same fabulous location that we're going strong for about 400 years. 1290 North Federal Highway in Toppo Beach Brandy's open every day. They lead till nine Monday through Saturday and Sundays till five. And this week continues to be a great time to buy those fantastic new balance shoes like the ones somewhere because all great men's and women's new balance this week are 10 to 20 bucks extra off the regular price. So be sure to get into Brandy's and take advantage of fantastic savings right now or do your shoe shop and on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is the new Rogers. Who could I talk to? Exactly. I couldn't say about myself. 1103 at 5.60. Every few of them were just 27 minutes away from the pre game, the hurricane pre game, more of showing in the pre-cans and do it noon. The ACC attorney in Greensboro, North Carolina. Why didn't you hear this story? Dr. for Cuban World Baseball Classic is the son of somebody very famous. Guess who the son is? For the else? There you go. All right. The doctor for Cuba's World Baseball Classic Squad is no ordinary team physician. Before my last nice 11 and two victory over the Netherlands, and there was Antonio Castro sort of devaliate 37 sunny baseballs in team Cuba camps for transit, Tyram, Bethor and Stadium in San Juan. After Cuba's designated in her slander to an home on the fourth inning, there was Castro with the rest of the team outside the heavily guarded dugout to congratulate you on day guard Obole. This team physician was a former third baseman at the University of Havana, a decent player according to a big league skeleton was coach. He's also the son of team Cuba's most prominent fan present at Fidel Castro. I'm afraid of any brandy like them apples. I bet you a lot of people in a little of Antigua be doing a green apple crisp when they find out about that. Not many team doctors are seen signing autographs. Castro was told on the field while the team were not up there by he just chuckled. On the doctor for an Olympic championship team he said, I guess that makes me famous. The Cubans winners of the 2004 Olympic World Medal in 2005 were a cup play Puerto Rico tonight and a highly talented contest between pool sees only undefeated teams that are beat to the booth at about his daddy is Fidel that team doctor trust that guy or what no unlike high-ded rod anybody's slipping in their oval team. I don't trust the doctor that does pick away. New York Times today says Abraham office spending spending has been detailed $20,000 for a car monitor. When the money was rolling in Jack Abraham was certainly new how to spend it during his head he is one of Washington's top lobbyists. Abraham operated millions of dollars and faded lawmakers luminaries at his Pennsylvania and the restaurant but one of his most conspicuous indulges is was his fully loaded 2002 BMW the New York Times reports today. The 745 L.I. sedan was customized by AI design of Tucker home New York as a sort of mobile office Abraham up who would one time employ to drive her for so he can indulge in heavy workload. In voices offer a look inside the tinted windows a 450 dollar edition that was the cheapest part of the job. He spent 20 grand for a custom built 15.2 inch wide screen and many will flip down video monitor in voice says. Monitor includes built in cordless headphone transmitters capable of displaying DVD, gaming computer graphics, slides video signals. For 7390 bucks more he added a hands-free cell phone system with a special item amplified to boost the signal and a docking station for his laptop build him back to the right front seat. He also paid 6,500 bucks for seatback tables. All right, he'll have to live it up baby and he's never going to live it down. Oh you just do this wait till the stuff keeps coming out. Just he just seems a little teeny tiny trickle. Speaking of trickling maybe from here can too much of that Jesus do's. Michael Jackson find over Neverland labor miscues. So where are the news? California officials have find Michael Jackson nearly 170 grand ordered employees at the pop stars Neverland ranch to stop working after finding that employees had been paid since December and the ranch's workers compensation coverage had been allowed to lapse. That sounds like the way to be easily do business. On Thursday of yesterday the California Department of Industrial Relations slept this stop order on Neverland which prohibits employees from going back to work until workers' companies restored and also find Jackson 69,000 for the lapse. On two data same agency said learning to make the checks and pay employees at least 360,000 back wages by next week as well as a fine of more than 100,000 dollars of payment to pay wage. All we're fine. The back wages in Perlis aren't paid by March 14th and a Departmental Persuapropriate League election. Jackson of course hasn't been living in Neverland. There was much earlier after he was acquitted in Child monostation charges. He relocated to Bahrain a small nation in the Persian Gulf and his schlepping around in his Berkha. Looking fashionably gay. And also using ladies rooms and we ever have that story on. I don't think so. There was a story about how he was using the ladies room. Right I heard it. I don't know if he was Berkha. Yeah. If you got a Berkha on I guess you don't go into men's room. You'll get shot. I heard some. He says courtship of any scholar but don't tell anybody I like that. All right. Of course you would have a scholar. Wasn't that also billed this piece of wasum for you planted the seed? I see seed. Brian and Pompanobe says American Idol. All we spelled it wrong. Well that's Josh for you. Let's see how he spelled Martian. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh no. Woo. American Idol you got it. We got it. I think he can that. Now that's spelled ideally. Look how Josh court has spelled Martian. N-A-R-S-H-I-N. Isn't that what you do when you go out and hunt in the marsh? That's right. Martian Martian. I'm going to mark it early. Well I'm stulped in Martian. I'm sure Eric will correct that to cover up the investment fact. Speaking of Josh he's going to be with the man dog today for the seven of Kona and squirrel. 51. 81 sure in Sweden. Hollywood. 47 Josh will have our merchandise there and he's got a way to a hundred bucks for us today. Right? That's right. All you Martian to come out. Right. All the marshes. That's right. In fact maybe seven of the marshes that we're stuck in most pants maybe they'll show up and Elevonates and Cash. And then George tomorrow 3 to 5 p.m. with the dolphins dating for the Mooney Auto 10 sales 3 to 5 marafton with our CDs, collaborative T-shirts, 20 bucks a piece. Come on. Cut loose with some cash. We got almost 15 grand but boyd Distinguished slow down to a crawl to like a teeny tiny crawl. It's 11.09. A few. I'm going to only have 21 minutes. We've got to talk real fast. Beach Ford is gone mad. It's in case you missed it. It's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford. They just missed having a record month last month so they kind of break that record this month. Right now I extended K4 to 150. There was always $249 a month. So I said dollars at a time. $995 down plus these are the pro credit and 39 month lease. See if you say bucks you can get in big trouble. Madness in March at Beach Ford means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts about to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles. If you're not in the market for new carpenters or somebody who is, be sure to send their ass into Beach Ford because if they take the liberty this month during March Beach Ford will hand you over to a bucks and cash. And money comes from Beach Ford's advertising budget so won't check up your friends price back up on the bucks at all. Don't miss out on this once you're a vetted Beach Ford mad this in March going on right now. Extended cam Ford F1 50 is as low as $2.49 a month. This case in this case in counts and rebates up to $10 and $200 just for referring a friend. What's not to like? Hurry on in Beach Ford that you'll find two miles each of the golden blades on 150 3rd Street at West DC Highway guarantee how much a mading bell's life on it you will love your Beach Ford experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Nine. thyõe by is the! Yes, no. Three hundred we pitymen earth and storm ty with wt i ft I ask you what would be safer than an un-naked brain that are with the two days of a phone to the truth. In the night two times three, two days are for four days to come and when you die, you get a free ass of four a couple days. With a couple... weug stunningly. Bring ourifts away to heaven We are meant to rule hold a cruel heart You did it for three, four, that two, two, five. Ooh, you wouldn't make you, y'all. I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying. Look at his team that had talked nice building, I've 14 minutes. That's right. TV show passed your present. You love it, but we'll never admit to it. 622 vote. I hate this pool 94, what are we gonna say? Yeah, pull them away, we hate it. And we hate you too, Alia. Hi, hi 82, Batman 48, and you're here for 422. Sleeper 37, sleeper. Sleeper, again, Sandy. Come on. 2136, any soap opera 33, the real world 31, Gomez Piles 31, the cartridge family 25 with any bone and douchey. This could housewives 22, Quirisville, 16, Phil Minner 16, Goldigirls 14, Party of 512, Dr. Phil 12, Twin Peaks 10, the Orion Effect of 9, Ellen 9, Dark Shadow 7, the apprentice 7, Oprah 7, are you hot, 6? We need to cross be show five, road rules for making the band for my favorite Martian, spelled right. Thank you Eric for bailiata, Gupl, I favorite Martian one, but hands a one time time time one and the Walton so far is about to big. Oh, because of John Boyz's it. What a big mold. You think now who had the biggest mold, Peggy Lee and Ricky or John Boyz? Oh, and Ricky, but we had it all the other. Biggest mold, right? Now what Greg Reed was always running around who's the mold, who's the more. And then come to find our was him. He was a fun feeding very jackass, all the information all the time. The inside poop had molded over. Yeah, the US military will close Abu Ghara, right? Prison probably within three months and transfer some 4,500 sluppers to other jails in Iraq and military spokesman said yesterday. The prison in Western Baghdad was a torture set around the bottom of the scene before photographs of American soldiers of using Iraqis during 2003 gave it a new notoriety and made it a touchstone for the Arab street. We will transfer operations from Abu Ghara to the new camp Crawford. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Is that spelled with an or an A? Camp Crawford wants construction completed there. Lieutenant Colonel, Kier Kevin Curry told a reporter. Kier Curry, right? You gotta do something, Navi. Be sure, right over there at pound ninety six. Had a big flush there at the QA man. B's they had a big flush. On speaking of flush, a Georgia man has got a lawsuit against Walmart and federal list of court in Atlanta in a fight over his t-shirts that compare the retailist business and practices to the Holocaust. Charles Smith has been marketing shirts that read I heart walla cost t-shirts. Okay. I love walla cost. Walmart filed a season to sister and attempt to make him stop printing the shirts. The company said Smith is engaging in trademark infringement. It is threatened to sue Smith if he continues to display the logos on his website and to print them out his products. I didn't realize that they had a walla cost to spin off. Who? The 48 year old Smith is a competitive repairman city has no deep connection to company. But he claims using the logos as a free speech issue. I remember all he used to have that in America. Do he has Smith said he came up with his long time ago. Came up with his anti Walmart logo after conversations with a customer and employee. Both had bad experiences with Walmart. He designed his first level in July. I once shared with Walla cost printed about an eagle on a smiley face sold on November 16th and it smith $510. It's not like how we're doing. He said if the court sides with him and use any profits to face legal fees and for continued production of the products. Walmart spokeswoman Sarah Clark said Smith is infringing on the company's trademark also making an offensive association between Walmart and one of the greatest tragedies of the past century. You go, baby. Whatever his name is. What's his name? Charlie. You go Chuck. Now I found a product and I won't say I found a product. I found a story about it and you seem to be aware of it which rocks me. And the Shira Taki. Yeah, well I have this Japanese connection. Oh that's right. You're probably brought home a pounds of Shira Thai witch on the head but she didn't. From Nagasaki Shira, I'm Shira Taki. Superhold a lot of debt. Oh. When Markle Murrah and his life quit smoking last year he experienced an all-too-common problem again way 35 pounds to be exact. And so, O Murrah, a 46 year old computer programmer has wived char. Fowd to get back in shape by following the weight watchers plan but there was a rake of the O Murrah's will live in a small village called Lake and Hills, Illinois. A dored pasta and sat down to big bowls of spaghetti to a three night sweet. But the high-carb calorie dense food was off the midst of the O Murrah's if they wanted to shed pounds. Oh, what a shame. Now here's the excited news from me, a pasta lover who can't eat any of this by favorite food in the world, man. Can't eat it. So when Markle Murrah discovered a milky white gelatinous Japanese noodle with only 20 calories of serving called Shira Taki who is thrilled. Got a great line I could use in the story, but I guess I better now get you a right. O Murrah was, it has to do with the last paragraph. O Murrah was browsing through your diet magazine when he read that Shira Taki made from a Yam-like Japanese ruth called Kaniyaku is something of a miracle food. It's a miracle. Oh my God. I don't like that. Shira Taki has no fat in few carbs. It's got like, I looked on the one of the brands on the internet and it had the like three grams of carbon-facke, it's got zero usable carbs, what a net carbs. And a mere 20 calories of serving compared with an average of 200 for a feduccine or ZD to the Omirah is the pale two-y noodle was a daughter's holy grail. See now you can get some of that low carb pasta sauce and it's very much of this stuff and like putting on meatballs, your sausages and a little bit of wine. We both just got a big grin in our faces with the first mouthful Markle Murrah recalls. That's of this stuff. Now they count themselves among a growing group of Shira Taki of Sysdieters. I think we got something here. I think we're on to it. Shira Taki longest staple in Japan is becoming the LC-2-Many Faj Japanese except those sumo guys. That's right. They're going to go to efforts for that. Bonafidey die food craze in the U.S. The noodles are sold in large supermarket chains like whole food markets as well as in small specialized health food stores across the country. Recently, publicism quite about carrying it. Oh, please, throw you a fat folks. I'll have no trouble finding it here because there's a Japanese Chinese. There's an Asian supermarket in every like other street corner. A quite a manufacturer is rising Shira Taki sales are linked to divers incorporating the low-cal noodles in their weight loss plans. The leading U.S. manufacturer how foods emerge in corporate garden grow California which holds and sold Shira Taki since September 2002. So sales are attracted more than triple from last year. The house foods brands also been in top seven Amazon.com's gourmet food solution where it's listed as fed a Chinese shaped tofu because the brand incorporates a blend of tofu and kaniaku. How do you like that? In fact, they're having a hard time. Oh, yeah. Bonafidey. That's sensational. So if you want to lose some weight, Shira Taki is the way to, I guess. I'm going to get some. All right. Mirror with some of so us. Meball, sausages. A little bit of kianti. 23 past 11 a QA and more only moments away from that big ball game with lightning quick speeds. The latest feature in security, Comcast high speeder net leads DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for only 9.95 a month or two months. With it always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speeder net is up to four times faster than DSL-15, up to a hundred times faster than dial up, whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable, fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet, with the greatest of these. First what you son of for Comcast high speed internet, you can instant access to features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Graft City Radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not a way that for you to also get macophysicure and he tools included, so you can be assured your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what you can wait and for, start doing more fast than ever before, son of for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or two, much of what are high evermans without it. In Dave called 305 Comcast and Broward 9.5 full Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 a.k. That's it. It's all they wrote. He'll get the rest kick by Tuesday, but thanks very, very much for then for winning yesterday, so we can get that on air. I'm going to go on a by a hundred times a year or talk you right now. All right, I'm going to shmere it. A bit of how goes. Huh? A bit of how it tastes. It tastes like this. It's so nice to be shown. Yeah, what's this thing? Five. It's going to go go go go go. Five, right, right.