That my junior honey I'm a baby back, baby daddy is better Cut, he thought it was a rental He wasn't back like it over to my very book He was together, baby He thinks that the dollar is a little boy crook And so all he wants is baby And he thought that the deal was gone And with an option he wanted And if baby, the head is not the definition Of adoption for still He was the baby back Drawing with a chin and balling All I take is there, he calling He never better life with a material girl I'm Thanksgiving, Haley, turkey and still The other world, body wants him back But not a better get herself Gonna turn it because daddy wants to baby He thinks her not worse than all we can We've earned it, he wants to get his baby back I think that the debt of his own God, he thought it was a rental He's a sererity day, money, I guarantee He will never lose Maybe so has the bond to give him down And say, tell me what they want to buy What does that have to do with that? How about those heat? Oh, oh, oh, oh Not a good night in local sports In fact lately, every day has been a disaster in local sports Isn't that a shame? Aren't we cursed? We are cursed down here, ain't we? A charter jets, no-gir, collapsed as it landed this morning A small fire under the aircraft It was a lot of real Hollywood airport None of the ten passengers who took Who members aboard the HS-125 arriving from Mexico City We're injured and the fire was quickly extinguished Cause of the problem that immediately No one had a plane lighted about two-third of this morning On the airport's main runway, which was scheduled To be closed the mid-morning until the plane was The adefueled and moved Meanwhile, they're using an alternative runway That's just craft with the small planes Don't be a final puddle jump No, that's just my suggestion too And my life has changed in the last hour It's about 400%. Now why didn't you do that a long time ago? You'd pretend to be low. No, you're laughing, you're such a jerk. But I realized you, when you... You're just... No, did I resist going through that? I'm very easy when you don't know anything about something Like computers like me. You're very easy easily influenced Just like just like downloading that internet explorer 7, which I wish I never would've done Here's my advice to audio people out there Don't get sucked in Because we've already told you, internet explorer is the anti-Christ Are they just keeping it worse? And now they've got to new in the deep proved internet explorer 7, which they're begging you to download that baby And it's a piece of crap It'll screw everything up that you got And now I got rid of a lexag I got like a real email account on there And on my Mozilla Firefox Airnarsplore, of course you can't remove it Totally from your computer, because it's part of Bill Gates Evil Empire, that's what's in there forever It's in there when you get your computer Never leave, you know I mean you can't, I don't even know if you can hear where that icon Can you? You can drive from the desk, can you not drag it? Yeah, you can drag it here to try and be But it's still in there It's in there though, it's just glicking And then of course if you never have to go out of explore Then you stay on Firefox all the time And press also eliminate a lexag for my computer I got rid of that What a day Yeah And we actually made it work Thanks Eric, as usual Leave it to Eric to be able to solve Josh hits by and he listens in the he's learning Slowly but surely Were you involved in that? Well, you were receiving my emails anyway, right? Yes, I was, which you've said in about that And now now that I can do that into the clip curve About with Noah Luxembourg BS, no crap You could just imagine how many stories I can send you every day Oh, I can't wait He's open your sense on, you know, during the commercial breaks Okay, blame it on George, it's his fault If we were for him, straightening up that thing Yeah, you could've done that a year ago I don't know So it's not only was quick and easy, but you didn't Because you're stubborn like you've always told us Here's the pull from yesterday What are you most addicted to? 637 Sugar 1951 Pornal 181 Nearrodius Hero 180, which has been accused of being pornid graphic But that's back in the day, long ago Now we can't even do one of those Math 133 That's totally bogus Let's say, you know, what are I telling you? I voted for it Like I said, 133 TV 120 Pot 115 Boo is 114 Refined carbs 87 The internet 69 I hate this pull 58 3.2% That's a far cry from what we've got today Kaffee in 57 sports 34 Gambleing 31 cocaine 21 cigarettes 20 Sleeping pills 19 Hero 1116 And pain killers where somebody said, how could you've gotten this far in the show Not at that? We only had four But the way I don't believe it, but they say now that math is the most addictive drug in America Yeah Well, it started out pretty slow And as soon as I mentioned it about how every community in America He's just being torn to ribbons because all these methods are out there And now all of a sudden it's got 133 votes Remember how it started rising like crazy 98 degrees in rising as Nicholas Shev would say How's he doing man? He's got all her money doesn't he? I was going neck, he took a chunk Squeeze a bitch Now the day is cruel, which we turned around And what have we had a couple of days ago And again, both of these pulls are inspired by a listener's Sean Okay, so if you're pissed off about the pull, two bad Go beat him up Now the one we did about women the other day The worst thing about women we had almost 14 every votes on it And let's see, I hate this pull There was only 89, 6.4% That's still fairly high But today I hate this pull is leading because we turned it around What's the worst thing about men? And because we have almost entirely male audience They're like, I hate this, this is bad And other words like men See, and again, what they're doing is in their mind They're comparing it to as versus women See, that's not the question What's the worst thing about men as versus women Or those we can't really decide that's not it Look at that, Harold Ford says Senator Kerry should have called There's a true of, you know, Harold Just go back to your playmates and cut the crap But he has not said I saw the clip and of course it's Kerry Sticking his foot in his mouth again Because he's a bummer he's about his funny heart attack But it was very obvious what he was talking about He was referring to Bush and that crowd The New Ophacis being uneducated But he did an express himself while so naturally they jumped on that And I think what most people wish is they drank here We just go into hiding until the until next Wednesday Yeah, just go away That's right, just get out of here already But meanwhile, Harold Ford says Kerry Otto Palsor has to the troops He wasn't insulting the troops, okay? You jackass Harold, got all mighty Or they'll be like Harold Ford a lot What's the worst thing about men? 745 votes and he will do okay But it's not going to be some like spectacular Spastic total of a, is it you think? I doubt it. I hate this pool leads See that never leads, right? Right, 228% say I hate this pool That's because they're all men who think they're perfect You know, this and I've seen a lot of you and believe me Oh, of session with sports 120 I know they've seen me too and same thing Of session with sports 120 Your slabs 92 in fidelity 74 They lie like hell 71 Especially in this business man, there are so many freaking liars By the way, George ran into our sales manager in a hallway yesterday And he went by beat but he went by beat but he went by a bit of a kind of a sub-indrawl on it Exactly Chris, just stay in a hallway for a month so can you your dangerous, you're evil They're in consideration, 62 they raped 51 That's the George's wife wanted that on there And they raped 51 Close to her There are too many of them, 47 that was George's choice Too many of them, too many of them He doesn't like the competition, that's about Right I think if we're going to say too many ugly ones That would be different, but never let it out They can't commit 21 And nothing they're great, we just put that on there Equal time, like we've done in the moment's pool I'll just for already out of 762 Kind of reduced that I hate this pool number We got to get that baby way down there I mean, it's our insurance list here, what the hell's the pool right? What the hell? What the hell? The white-hine and how about these ball games So I'm convinced after hearing the last five minutes again today They got some football expert who was about every game in the country Did you hear or can you talk about that? Kirk Herbstree Who the hell is that? He's the guy who's supposed to know who that is Well, yeah, you probably know who he is If you saw him, the guy who does college game day with Yeah, I watch college game day, you're asked, get out of here What? Are you thinking of something of a sports nerd sitting here watching all those Pre-game and posting, you know, I do not I'm just saying you probably am so weird I don't know if I'm even dark in my screen, okay? And my best friend to Shiva But he's white So what does that have to do with anything? I think that lives if he was black, I wouldn't watch him, but if he's white, I'll watch him Well, he said he'd be dark in your screen Well, I don't care if he's light in my screen How do you like that, Mr. High shot? I guarantee you, I don't think he ain't no Shannon sharp Who? God, almighty, how can they put that on the ear? Why is he the NAACP demanding he'd be removed immediately If not sooner? Anyway, so it's a sports show That's what I was trying to say Through all that kind of blue to crap I'm so excited about that thing I think George has got a point during the break 80sillion because it's WW, it's wood mind Wednesday So I won't be here this afternoon Maybe even this evening depending on the background But I'm going to hit my door, Ian's over there Why? Better get a head start Okay, I'll leave right now Now that it's so easy Here's George, right click and send Oh wait, I got some music in Right click and send Is that how I do it? Am I the stories? Yeah, I'm the story that you're looking at Just right click on the screen there Let me try one Oh boy Oh, this is fun Kerry says he bots the joke Well, we don't care, okay? And of course that's the big, that's the big right wing of thing Oh, John Kerry said there's an Ian and some of the troops Oh, here we go Just can't relax if I had a governor's race Okay, there it is Here's the story Hmm Right click Anywhere on the page there Yeah, send link Oh, look at that That was easy I haven't done Oh Oh Oh Oh And there it goes Look at that connections It's connecting Oh, no, no, no problem on here Houston, we have a problem That wouldn't work for some reason Why do you screw it all up? Okay, let's not do a while one here All right All right, let's take a little break-up I'll get organized here It's Wednesday It's November number one Election day is less than a week away Aren't you excited about that? Not really I don't know The anticipation It's like sex, you know I anticipate it sometimes better than the actual event That depends on the event The events on the event And with whom the event is taking place at It's cool It's a control congress The brand of NBC full democrats with the 2% Republicans 37% that will take him over last three days Over 30 30 37% that 30 something Yeah, it's that The black court-delaying crowd You know, that Murphy's bro crowd And don't be lumping Chris Jones and with Idaho man Those plays a thousand miles apart And they're different The two miles away They're incredibly different As different as night and day And other words, they use a different digital To stick in their nose We're in their Black Omen ass You'd be in the same You'd be in the same nose Or any other 799 votes And we got that I hate this pull down 27.5% Let's get that baby down Okay, stop me in so Uptight and stop taking it so personal Stop Stop the best talent To the business wheel Rogers Force radio 560 You're taking this very part Tonight The concerts are going to rock the foundation of America And blow the roof off And you can always see one show this year See your shoulder explodes in your face The rage, the pain, the power of the diva Father's face God be in the name You won the best One night of ball To the wall fire Breathing bone crushing sound Ripping through your head Like a shot done blast It can only be one woman Barbara You don't bring me Don't miss the council That Maryland resident calls a F*** night there of sight and sound Barbara Schreisand No Bible, Pancicle which pleats Small children about the living So I got some good news for Josh It's just a thing that George did Okay I tried sending two or three more stories During the break and it just doesn't work It's all balled up and it keeps coming back And flipping back here You're dressing your email address And past we're not on another crap again That little box keeps coming back I've just like it was before So it's not working right And I tried it like three or four times And then I said, screw that Thanks a lot George Probably like a limit to how many stories you can send Yeah, yeah that's it Yeah that must be it Well I have a theory but you don't want to hear it Because it has to do with that hotmail account being in there I'm not getting rid of my hotmail account So you're gonna realize it I knew that's what you're gonna say If you take the hotmail account out of your Outlook express it has nothing to do with your Outlook account I mean with your hotmail We're gonna go through that whole thing on the year again Well it's not but never the long season So that'll be some really compelling listening Is one that George said on the phone at one day You're getting confused But it has nothing to do with What is getting confused? My computer's getting confused Your Outlook express is getting confused Because you have two accounts on there You got to use full of crap Okay, let me just try one more time Here's a story Over 40 she I'd said kidnapped and Iraq Okay, I'm not even gonna right click I'd go to file and send the links Okay, and then the box ain't even coming up anymore It's not even coming up That's that's not possible It's back there somewhere It's behind something It isn't behind anything It's not in front of anything It's not behind it It's not around it Oh, there's a little box though There it is, that's the one And I'm clicking it and it's It came right back up again And you click okay and it comes right back up again And again, which one though? The verify password thing Please enter and you're using even password And the audio, the audio, the audio And remember this and you click okay And I'm, although I'm really pleased Looking at Jimmy's Franco's picture there He looks pretty good But, but, but, but Forget about it We'll figure that tomorrow Yeah, and how would this okay? Now I'm going to just get rid of that box And what's in the box? Oh, and now the thing is popping up again Okay, I'm sending it I don't know what I'm sending it But I'm sending it through Oh, and there's a little box Come back up again Please enter your, your killing me man Just get rid of that My life was so simpler My life was complete I like the life Even though the stories were getting so screwed up Yeah, to use that internet explorer seven Which was a pain in the ass I'm going to destroy your life I didn't have to use it It was in there But I didn't have to use it Hey, we got 800 two votes on our pool Today we're under the 27% mark on the, I hate this pool Thank God We gave them in someplace else to go And told them quickly and so then Since it had been taken so personal You know what I'm saying? What he said? If they were, instead of looking at it as though it's, as opposed to the women the other day If they can destroy first Right Anyway, getting back to bands that cow The funny girl wasn't laughing Superdiva Barbara Streisen had a drink Lobbed at her Monday after a skit with a George W. Bush impersonator That poached fun at the president Streisen's policies did got me and said a paper cup filled with some sort of liquid With thrown on stage That apparently did not hit Streisen during her second performance in the four Lawdardial suburb of sunrise His story The fourth letter to the suburb I'm surprised it doesn't say the plantation suburb of sunrise Streisen's manager Martin Erlickman said she shrugged off the incident Responded to the angriot has been remembered by saying It's a free country in their entitled to express their opinion It's at least a third time the Bush skit is angered Streisen's audience They hit their targeted herthe Philphidopio putting her for funny city come back to her government Said and Streisen made headlines for the response to a juror And Madison Square Garden last month Erlickman said Streisen believed the skit was in good fun And impersonator Steve Bridges who wrote it as a Republican for Christ's sake For Christ's sake This kid has been so massively covered by the media It's impossible and still could come as a surprise to any of the Bush and Mowers With who bought tickets Erlickman said Despite the controversy Earl of Mincell the skill had remained a part of the tour It stays in the show except for a few performances where Steve has a conflicting commitment Or who would say Streisen out smoking liberal history and country after a 12 year absence from the stage Offering fans a repertoire that you a repertoire to puke from How do you like that? All her big craft I'm really depressed I went from a euphoria to total depression And Josh himself is breathing a deep sigh of relief at this point Heavy going heavy What do we do about this? It doesn't work at all now We'll figure it out It just fine before One little I know so it doesn't make sense and we'll figure it out Probably one stupid little letter or a line that's wrong Erlickman got like 20 from the morning We'll just go with that Obviously it was working before there's some stupid reason Okay, all right Send a link okay, send a link. I'll look at scratch There's the thing I'm tapping in the thing I'm supposed to type in Which address comes up on that little We have to Intendure their egg and turn her Now, and there's the little box again Okay, but it's not that little box that comes up Little box not come up Right and that little box that comes up is asking for your Neil Rogers passport Yes Yeah Okay Snick and shrewd type This is bad man This is why nobody's there's no reason that box should be coming up Now, but it just keeps coming up I click okay, and it's instead of connecting Yes, I had that problem before and I fixed it and I forget how Well, that's great That's terrific. That's amazing. This is the reason I resisted so long Okay, I kept my honor. I'm not a computer guy Longer is hell not if you're not I'm not going to let me send that You know, troubleshooting that's Eric's department Well, get him on the horn there. Get him on the screen What do I do, Eric? I'm stuck thanks to George Eric says that you need this to look the right profile to send from Well, what does that mean? Exactly I can't From the accounts. That's why I'm not going to go back to the beginning I know, we're not going to do it on the earth We'll send it on the board Huh? We'll figure it out in the morning In the morning using them with a shrimp in the morning after this kind of craft What am I going to send Josh all these stories about my election that you've caused I don't hear that through accounts, Eric. He doesn't want to hear me because he thinks that if he does something with the other account on the internet Explore, but it's going to do something with this hotmail account which it won't If you would tell me what to do, I'm not to least be concerned about that. You told me that we're going to send that in the email account Well, how do I do that? How do I do that hot shot? Why did you close my thing over here? I mean, I don't know what you're supposed to do Why has the Senator John Kerry traded their harshest accusations since the 2000 presidential race yesterday With President Bush accusing the Democrat of troop bashing and Kerry calling the president's man hacks were willing to lie If you see Kerry get all the other champions to the end If he put a gun at force, he'll back in 2004 the election would have been close enough I could steal all high one steal a whole damn thing again. Kerry. He is scary that old John Kerry The war awards tough even for this hard fought campaign season came after Kerry told a group of California students on Monday That those unable to navigate this country's education system gets stuck in Iraq And it was pretty obvious if you watched the clip, which I did a couple of times when he was talking about he just as usual expressed himself very poorly and he botched the joke The two parties are searching for any edge of an indication Democrats could take back the house and possibly win control the Senate next week's mental elections That's why Harold Ford and Virginia jumped on the bandwagon in Tennessee rather jumped on that bandwagon in though Bush rose in a park cario's an apology. I mean, it's just it's just pathetic None of this has to do with anything anything you know, what about the problem? I have a high in the eyes. Yeah, who's picking on who and who's the biggest pervert and who's the biggest big it and who's got the darkest skin and who's the biggest the horror? All that stuff like I told you neither parties got any solutions for America, and that's why this is all I can talk about is slam and crap back at each other You're gonna almost smell it and then it goes down about Tony snow so cares about what they'll Tony snows him It's true Tony snow and then it were used to work at two, okay, these fascist news network And of course the people of our center just a bunch of automaton's who you know get sucked in now Am I gonna get like a facts or something instructing me how to straighten this thing up because I want to get straightened out now Because I have to send my 800 stories during the show because Josh knows damn well. I'll be leaving it to a clock out and hear like a bat on a hill And as a result, and that means I can't send them the 4,000 that would have been the fun part of this whole thing George Yeah, he's just aggravating him a little bit and sending like 100 stories on the first day Not that would do it again. I cut it down to 90 tomorrow Tomorrow teach you how to send stories from your blackberry quick and easy just think how to do it It would be exciting, wow dangerous I never thought about that and I would slow down my plan to my she I'm done that before I said the story half as much. I've sent Josh stories while sitting on the turret with my phone It would take the twice as long to lose a thousand Like another instead of 10 minutes like 20 minutes in and I'll send you facts. That's what it you will sure I mean, I thought we had that corrected see I thought we as we were regressing we went through the whole thing We had that problem originally you told me what to do. I did it and like worked Think oh that little basket of pop up it's connecting that little green line that's slimy line What across the way he got to slime on it to and what's not to like I write windowball park and then of course like everything with computers. Oh surprise See that's the one thing I don't like about computers. They're like women. They're very very safe And much like women usually the problem is something very simple and simple And you never know what kind of craft they're going to sling action more complicated than it has to be right just like women Right like your mother. Yeah 27 after 10 what's that schedule look like it's Wednesday number one. We got mad dog a two the power hour with a mad dog I guess alone for the five I don't know. I never know what a schedule clearance is such an idiot The hopper is in Louisville. He'll be on five to seven from Louisville where the Churchill downsick got the breeders cuff this weekend Saturday For we can hotline a game works at the shops at sunset play 79 the beast at game works nine to ten I feed him well the 80k ton of clock is usual no panther game to the panthers and the Leafs in the macaroon is more nice going to go see that. Oh yeah Come on now go there roof for the Leafs roof for palm a lease and the Leafs You know not a lot of accidents they traumatic experience their shock their stretch their tourists there's grief It's something nobody wants to happen, but it does and let it does you really need help answering all the questions It'll raise through your mind. What do I do now? Do I need medical treatment? Do I need an attorney in my entitled a compensation? What the hell do I do? Where do I turn so many questions and so little time? You need to be sure you're called the right number the first time We need help after not a waxing one triple eight craft 61. It's a free call. There's no obligation one eight eight eight craft 61 one triple eight craft 61 Because you need answers that not another accident 24 hours a day seven days a week. You can talk to these folks one triple eight craft 61. It's your auto waxing and hotline One eight eight eight craft 61. It's toll free. There's the obligation get all your questions answered about your auto waxing. It gets some peace of mind right away before the shock and stress This barrier called toll free one triple eight craft 61 and no happy odd one eight eight Crash 61 The feast name so best tell us if this is the oroth risk for shredio five 60 Get in and hold it Baby old armature Just like a gift before Oh Rich Tom Tom Just like a gift Oh When you're someone Tom Just like you did before Well Maybe time to let the youth in the stand But when it comes down to if you don't care Even what women who goes apart Right mid up with a pony Whoa Crazy old son Tom Just like a gift before As we try to build Played me want to cook and have We're soccer home Maybe two because of that Anything about that They need to see that they can't be for it Come to me With your son Tom Tom Just like you did before Tom Tom Tom What you got Oh Oh What What What What What What What What What You want to get us out of the war And have some peace Go all over the world You've been in the saline stream Same thing with that tonight It'd be full Is going above But you're like like before Staying yourself Don't love time Just like you before I have to worry about the little box top and I've been in more because even the original one doesn't pop up when you press set I'll send link the outlook express thing doesn't even show up at all. Okay, this thing is totally erroneous. All right erroneous and philonious so you worry about it Anyway, it's 1034 and I'm trying to print something out and I'm just hoping that this didn't screw my whole computer up, which works for me Well, this it's Mark. Although I tell him though it's telling two of its head hit tellin' novellas and shows from its cable network Mon and two to be available on iTunes in partnership with Apple a company said today and not exciting Okay, no shows will be included in a new section on the iTunes retail website called iTunes Latino Latin music has been a huge hit on iTunes and now we're bringing music fans even more what they love and dedicate there We only on the iTunes store say any queue apples vice president of iTunes I'm seeing a fact here with any more instructions on what they were I should stick it all in right You know having a conversation with Eric here, but I'll wait. Yeah, we'll tell him now that the box In fact, if I was gonna try to send Josh that story the one I just read you I'm clicking send link and it doesn't do anything nothing happens Okay, and I'm gonna sit her away and either is the audience okay, they're getting pretty impatient and pissed off about this I'll tell you that right now. I can smell it. We'll play with it more tomorrow. Yeah, but you will 839 votes on the pool What's the worst thing about men? I hate this pool. Oh, thank God. It's coming down 223 269 percent that's still staggering because you guys are taking it personal. Okay Jesus like somebody has picked an on-man or something which of course this pool is Well, Sean's just trying to even it out of section with sports 1 29 There's slabs 101. They lie like L83 right Greg in fidelity 79 in considerate 68 Too many of them says George 62 they rape so George is wife 55. Well, she would know they can't commit 22 and nothing They're great 17. Nothing wrong with men the course the whole idea these pools are stupid anyway Because it lumps everybody to get like all women are like this and on men are like they That's stupid. But it's a poll. Yeah, yeah, it's just a fun It's not gonna change the future course of mankind anymore than other I can give my out-looking express work And I'm not which I doubt see the thing that bothers me about technology is that you get something working once and it's great And then all of a sudden yeah, do anything and all of a sudden I'll guess why didn't work anymore for no Senator my not good with what for no good reason for that even for a bad reason just out of the blue out of nowhere Had that baby lick me we went through all that angst and grief and sourcing I'm clicking and close for the dog in here I'll just show stupid setting that will Well, Josh is sitting there quaking in his book with him like some 200 stories because I'm a maniac when there's a lot of stuff on there You know, yeah, they're he's got plenty of time not any moving to his new days with his old roommate I'm not out yet. I said I got a lot of movements. So take it easy You're not out yet. No. Yeah, that's what Charlie Chris said too. Okay Anyway, here's a story from a little lady. There's a story about a what was it? How did that go to Brady Bunch there's a story about something lady? What was the word about a goofy lady? Anyway, your buddy writes the right dog Thompson all or his name is anonymous, but it's on capital. He'll blue the red John Kerry another moronic presidential wannabe He says in 2004 the buffoons who ran the Democratic Party and their voters in primary elections Give us a political idiot named John Kerry and try to convince us that he could be president Christ John Kerry I remember the level excuse for a senator Struggling under the stage of the Democratic National Convention snapping that ridiculous salute announcing him as reporting for duty What he should have been reporting forward was the psyche word at Bellevue the psyche Psychy word the nut job word at Bellevue incredibly stupid decision by Democrats to run John Kerry's an nominee in 2004 Virtually guaranteed another four years of despotic rule by George W. Bush. May well go down as the most corrupt person U.S. history he certainly is the most ignorant and the most devoid of morality John Kerry might have even outstripped Bush when it came to stupidity on Monday Kerry tried to tell a joke on the campaign trail Kerry may be a clown, but he should leave jokes to the late night talk to your host He's a bad senator and a crummy politician, but he's an even worse comedian Speaking of past it in the city college Kerry said to And to tell if it adds in the future there is this Kerry he says you know education if you make the most of it You study hard do your homework making effort to be smart. You can do well if you don't you get stuck in Iraq How's that again senator? You apparently went to jab bush for his lack of education in knowledge But to what you said it sounded more like an attack on the troops serving in the tobacco crawler rack Kerry's office quickly said out of clarification saying the senator did not stick to his preferred text And was supposed to and just as president and push to the end of the statement Let's see a man who claimed he could be present and can't even read the lines of his speech correctly and fail to live Of the punch line and a joke that's supposed to be the major focus of the speech and this clown wanted to be leader of the free world There's no doubt towards W. Bush is a blithering idiot who murders the English Which just about every time he opens his mouth. He lies he treats. He makes illegal and a moral decision They're cost-brainer American men and women their lives But John Kerry is no less a fool is many missed that's the 2004 presidential election gives political science professors Endless fodder for classes and how to blow an election for your fodder is stupidity this week We had an environment that for a day or two at least a lot of Republicans did I've heard attention away from the real issues of the campaign Thank God this moron never became president says So constant it's very silly and like I'm getting the bow. I was you know facts Thought you didn't want to play with it during the show. No, I don't mind doing it during the brace I don't want to do it on the air. Okay, bad radio. Okay. Oh, all this dead air while you're sitting playing at the 1902 Where Rudy Valley music or whatever it'll be and I'm over here like a pop skiing around and punching buttons I mean that's not what they're paying me to do. Okay last time I'd say I understand that not that I mine I wouldn't mind sitting here. Poshking around with a computer the whole time Well, it's gonna be difficult because I don't know what's going on over there on your end So just sending a facts for instructions for you to follow You know well, I press send link and nothing happens at all So it indicates to me that that who that thing is basically I think it's a difficult to believe although I went back to my desktop and it's now the little box was there again It just keeps coming back. It won't go away. I keep giving okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, and it just they won't go away It keeps popping up right over our James Francois. It happened before and it's a setting that we have to correct Well, we'll worry about that in the morning. All right, and the meantime I'm sure that I'm capable of sending Josh at least two three hundred stories about the time I get out here or two plus I'm not gonna send you any more less than I would order in the early okay Mr. Hodja Yeah, just relax And just thank those just kiss the ground that Eric will is that you know what the most red story was just at our website Josh That's because you talked about it all day. He talked about you know Pay that a here talked about it my ass and George is also full crap on his Firefox about the text size that I had to keep increasing again Yeah, I mean I like Firefox don't keep it wrong, but there are some minor glitches with their pair There are two text fonts and you have to set the line of one here behind That was the most red story on our website yesterday. There's the the pissed off the ape man on the guy goes buddies One that walking elevated On the movie escalator the airport so easy if he man can do it anyway a GOP homerotic Carcaball and Chris and his sweet 16 friend 530 it's got the most reads from any story head on yesterday nice job Eric thanks a lot and Josh is learning every day a little bit slowly But surely just like me slowly, but I'm surely 18 to 11 at five 60 W Qm. It's dial and actresses 30 of birthday Turned man and a celebrate. Well, we just had the guy Cole got one as well. Might as well do it right Yeah, I got the check Okay, and like I said it's dial actresses 30th birthday to celebrate dial mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty Respilotop right now you can choose from software's biggest select and a Simmons beauty resting gets same day delivery If you're finally ready to get a good night's sleep for years to come and do it this smart way like I've been doing for a very long time Just make one easy call call dial mattress at 1 800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices and award winning service with no nonsense dial a mattress offers you 12 months financing and that unmatable delivery deal You pick the you two are window any day the week seven days between even the morning and 10 a night and that's when they show up like new to two One to three what whatever day in time you want me to our window when it's convenient for you even the same day that you call So to make a long story sure to if you call right now Just pick up that phone you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight That's why dial a mattress is ranked number one in the world a customer satisfaction We want even the dumbest of the dumb at Q a m even they used dial a mattress you don't have to be a genius to figure out This is the best way to go on the web check about at mattress dot com or call them at 1 800 mattress 1 800 m T T R E S what you've all that last as like I always tell you it stands for Stupendous sensational savings For Shreddie of 560 You're going to break down the door Fire our guns And I have 10 for a chance If you do not have here Leave it to make you disappear Unless you do it that easy but leave it to me May the window pull out your hair more more Put screws in your skirt Ram a glow in the beard you The torch of the last but fast Their bush is never done at And there's not a stick you think that you've done too You can't get my arm Praise for you as your Lord and King For you will go to the ancient apthes You do not have to be pleased to be alive And join the proud George Light All right, we'll make you disappear Tonight In a bunch of people in your eyes You'll have your stuff more So drive us by to do your feet and act You better not put you say I need a good one For us will make you disappear Because we tell you Put a half-in-a-peach you with a rubber hold again Put a double-cup you want a lot of objects And you're a dead I'll say, kiss for me in a few Am I thisy gaslight more than one? So okay So I know that when people are trying to drive me nuts or convince me that I'm I'm a little bit like that Maybe you say a senior moment Yeah, what? I'm not in the wrong hour I'm in the right hour You're in the right hour But there's no there was no live spot to be red It just says dial and mattress to spot When you know something It doesn't really make any difference You want to know why? Why? Because it's still the same spot Back to back side by each It's still the same account Well, I'm not the one that wrote the log okay In addition to which after all these years why not give a down mattress of respire? Why not? In fact, maybe maybe Chris Jones can give him the pay a little extra because I did the live How's that? I'm sure he's calling them right now Yeah, get on the horn right now and say hey guess what? Neo, maybe a live one there and we're gonna charge you like an extra hundred bucks You willing to pay it? No, whatever So is a senior moment Okay, my bad. Now I love it confused although you'd be pleased to know George that when I click file and Send a link that now the outlook is fresh boxes back. Oh good because Eric says that you're somehow the password got changed And for some reason he's getting a wrong password What does that mean? That somehow the how the how the heck I got I worked before and I retacked it in okay. Well, whatever semi-facts don't The burden the audience well is technical Very good. I said let's play with it would be more govely look right well But you know me. I get I do focus I focus on my focus on focus go eat some very James and relax. I wish I had some oh my god You know I found out I found out I found out that downtown is a store a mutual acquaintance of ours name John Told me the other day that there's a store Right downtown where they have like all the old time they have all kinds of candy I know exactly where he's talking about to I have a vendor yet, but aren't you proud of me? I went through a whole day and didn't go there very good And I certainly can't go through today because it's too a clock I got my WWW Wednesday with my Wednesday. Oh, I could have my candy turn around and Maybe after lucky to lose so much money you won't be able to afford can that's a good idea Something like tons extra to them gonna double double time gonna play two machines all day side by each As for overranging the bush carry non-story a slow-nosed day is detrimental to in-depth news coverage It seems while the cable those producers may think it's important It's not likely that anyone in the voting public cares about this security business Iraq that's a different story altogether the Wall Street Journal says President Bush is getting a bit more credit from voters for positive economic news But there's little sign the modest bump is benefiting fellow Republicans in the midterm election campaign dominated by voters anxieties about Iraq on nightmare a week before election day The new Wall Street Journal NBC News poll yesterday showed the president received improved marks for handling the economy Initially Republicans are increasingly emphasizing in their desperate 11th hour attempts to hold their congressional majorities amid rising stock values and falling gas prices which were sure is just coincidental Mr. Bush essentially breaks even on the issues with 46% of voters approving his economic stewardship 48% disapproved that's up from 39 approval and 56 disapproval in June yet Raging violence and Baghdad in recent weeks his further dark in Americans mood about Iraq the issue voters call most important And their election decision making next Tuesday The result voters want Democrats instead of Republicans to control Congress by a 15-point margin 52 to 37 percent that gap matches the record for the question in germland bc poll set earlier last month Last month into the amazing it's no member one already What do we decide yesterday? We got some important stuff coming up in November in the early days. Let's see tomorrow's the second We got the panthers in the lease at the macro in that's important Saturday. We got the breeder's cup at the Louisville Churchill downs What was happening on Sunday? Oh Sunday's my birthday and then Tuesday's election day wow all of these All that crap Iraq sits in the middle of the selections says bill McKineter if the Republican pollster helps conduct a journal NBC survey While Republicans may welcome voters improving attitudes toward the economy as Democratic counterpart Peter Hart they're getting swamped on the issue of Iraq In fact the poll demonstrates how attitudes on Iraq in effect translate into voters valid choices 54% majority of the electorate now says removing Sodom was saying from power wasn't worth the human financial cost no kidding the highest percentage in the journal NBC poll since the war began Mark 2003 and you see the the interesting part of all of this is that the majority of the American people don't even realize How Sodom get in there in the first place put put them there Among these voters 48 in 10 my Democrats to control Congress active elections But among the 37% of state of war has been worthwhile seven in ten mob Republicans in charge on capital Hill among all voters 61% today feel less confident the war will end successfully While just 27% feel more confident about the outcome Did you know of polling number support the thesis that little has changed in according to the poll if you think Iraq was If the use you think Iraq war was not worth it. That's 54% of the public you'll want Democrats to control Congress Over Republicans by 82 to 10% Got that got those numbers 82 10% got it Speak down numbers. Let's take a look at that poll That important pool. Oh, there's that box again. I don't want to box now 892 votes well if there's something with the password change. What isn't why don't I get a Facts on that I'm right on memo Right now are you right knit yes As send it pass it along okay send it explain express 893 votes what's the worst thing about man and again they take it very personal It wasn't meant to attack we realized that we have an almost almost 100% of the audience because certainly What women are gonna listen to this radio station, huh? We used to have a few but then we started with that all Sports radio you know women are saying oh, they don't want us It we've got a few we got about 10 worst thing about man I hate this pool still leads but down to 25.6% 209 nobody's gonna top that they don't like it They're taking it very personal and maybe there's a reason for that you know sometimes you resemble the remark Obsession with sports 135 there's slabs 104 they lie like hell 89 In fidelity 85 they're in consider it 73 there are too many of them 67 they rate 59 nothing they're great See how many people voted for that? I'm turning man and they can't commit 22 out of 893 the worst thing of other man We could take a poll tomorrow about John Kerry and they I'm not gonna waste my time with that though I've always said more than enough time with him already He just he's a buffoon okay and the fact that they let him out they should have him made a groomcloth It's somewhere locked up until last Wednesday that shows you how done the Democrats are the fact that they let him keep running around Although he did both you're played around the day. You see that he got really pissed off him fired up You think that makes a difference no now In fact every time we take a poll on who the Democrats should run in 2008 he comes in not just last but he with a minus in front of his number He looked at guys across the street like Joel Feinberg with a minus in front of the number except in the morning when they kicked our ass in last in the book Did they kick our ass in the summer book oh yeah and then that last month while in September That's what we're making the transition give Kelly can you vote chance? Okay? Let's take it quick talk about that sports stuff and quit having all those what's the guy's name her herb street Yeah, and I'm supposed to know who the hell that is? Probably do maybe if you saw him get out of here Herb street You're a crazy person man. I think I think you're getting swat you're getting swamps under with that sports You're in this sports they huge is just swamping your ass under the left You're getting the dead huge of sport the incestance sports of Barrage that you get hit with an ad building Kirk what what's his name jerk herb street? That's it and then you got that I wrote a windbag and you had to all these other men of course Oh my god Eric Reed was on her yesterday talking to her she wanted to say how much did they lose by last night See they got their ass kicked really really bad. Yeah, it was pretty bad. It was a bad It was like almost 40 years something and then the panther game I noticed they didn't even put an attendance stuff for that you could have gone bowling in the stands of that game Which they blew in the last seconds of the game with a stupid penalty nice God Martan Jelon. I used silly ass frog Nice going idiot of course when you got a coach name Jacques Martan also too much frog stuff. That's the problem there too many frogs Kill a pod Anyway, they lost 10 57 and 5 62 WQM any interest the pathers at least tomorrow night Let's give away some tickets not he racing fans talking now. I've been to right spot because I want to check with you I want to double trick him. Yeah, you're good. This is a pumping apart. That's right. Why do you know I saw a dilemma First now I mean can you fault me for assuming that it probably I don't know I just saw it Hey, you had a mug got on my yellow highlighted there and I highlighted I said this is a highlight of my life working for a Joe Bell and Chris Jones of course. He is something Pomp and O'Park is giving away what you love the best cash make sure to come out this Saturday November four for Pomp and O'Park's great cash Give away free drives throughout the night to win $2,500 in free betting vouchers Or you might also win great tickets to upcoming football game You've got to be 18 or older to win only one win for person on the night free if you've liked so be given out starting at six feet And both entrance gates and best of all both admission and parking are free at Pomp and O'Park Pomp and O'Park is open for live racing and poker every Wednesday like tonight Friday and Saturday poker a post time is 725 in the smokey poker room is open from noon till midnight with tournaments too Silent casting as well of course every day seven days away from noon till one in the morning and don't forget now This Saturday November four is the great cash giveaways to come out and when you're sure of $2500 in betting vouchers or maybe some great football tickets to top of no park racing and poker a black stuff Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road call nine five four nine seven two 2000 for the current racing schedule everyone the wicked web at pomp and o'park.com Don't forget to take your compass and a road map for David Graham to Pomp and O'Park horsepower You can plunge your guts out Feet So best talent to the faces wheel Rogers Forged radio five six to a This is the Neil Rogers cell This is your boy Any question What player Oh yes Will be brought in He is one of the most Statistics killers in history now he's returned for the third installment of this truth Taylor Oh my god, this place is a mess Well, and what would be being changed in a while Your circumstance I ain't a stifferer or a set you've inflicted on millions of people with your awful music forever The time to go for pain and suffering to be placed upon you Get it I want to play a game Who I like games Saw three are we gonna play red? No, not playing. No, I don't know No, no Saw three starring Jessica Simpson Okay, before we start this game I just have to say that you need to send over it made service. This place is a pagan style There is way this place is fair not me Please show them I'm gonna get a five star without this definitely is not some talking play See the movie that will make you scream Oh Look I'm just a lot to door for you the keys to a lot the chains are in your back pocket used to make it up Please I have a mess of headache You know that a good manager is from the area. I'm totally to canal Oh Okay, so I got this whole fax here from George I went to the old thing nice that we give it a give it a try Good boy here, huh? Sure. Let's give it a world out of only try to send the Josh 20 or 30 stories while waiting for this and there's that tiny print again To textizing Chris or that's more I write a lot. Okay. That's not a big deal. I'm not that lazy. Okay. It's not that I'm making a big issue out of that all I probably am It's it's tough when you're in that you know different countries When you're one and you're out of touch with the audience up there in Toronto You know it's difficult when you're not looking at the other person's computer screen to see with the problem Terry cancels can paint events looking at them. There's a lot of be Senate. Yeah good news White House and Cisteria Palajr. Let me send the link. I'll look at stress. Let me oh this could be a setting It might just work. What do you think? What I don't know about everything for us Let's see is it sending it? Yes sending message four of 12 five oh well How do you like that? 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 stories you got there Jack I'm all the well. That's one good thing about computers. They had that great memory on like And so they'd even if you screw it all off that the other stuff is stored in there just waiting for you to get a Kind of stuff. They got a lot of you got like a you got a hundred stories for tomorrow already You're all set kid. He's known so to happy about it Oh, he's dancing Prosecutors are expected to charge state representative Ralph Arza and his first cousin They would felony counts of tampering with and retaliating against a witness for their Excellutive lace phone calls from my mom and my baby's lawmaker will find their messages threatening according to services close to Arza and the Investigation both are third to week felonies Arza plan to have a press conference as a matter of fact 11 o'clock this morning. We have it at right now To announce his resignation from his state house seat to stay off the criminal charges But was told the charges will be filed anyway the source to say in other words too late sweetheart One reason for the charges coming now Arza was scheduled to speak in telehensity how select committed would best to gave the conduct I'll represent the Ralph Arza the committee was established after represented Gus Burrow gay police fire recordings of messages Left by Arzana's cousin Paulino Barbone Jr Didn't used to pitch for the reds two weekends ago in which Arza called him a bitch and use the racial slur that began with an in Guerrero has just filed a house rules complaint against Arza legend the highly lawmaker retweissed racial slurs to Describe naming days black school chief Rudy crew I'm under peace kingdom to live Shortly after Arza left the second message Barbone allegedly called him as far more explicit saying the money those things They would crack your head open did you get those a 12 emails by the way those stories? He's looking you know I mean through huh? I said you know I did I don't know is that a wrong It might now if you sent it I got it. Oh, Arzana still expected to be resigned I'm thrown out of the Florida House by two thirds vote when it convenes in its first post election season of Ember 21 when Arzana's friend Marco Rubio is to be installed as the Florida's first Cuban American House speaker Arzana's told some friends he wants a successor to be a school board member Frank Bolonios Coranha vicious but failed campaign one seat Miami center Alice Villalobos this year Villalobos said Bolonios is unacceptable Unacceptable anybody that Arzana's just I would be a bad choice the way to make things right is to not have his guy in there That's his guy whoever his guy is at the wrong pick just look at his track work. It's a Villalobos I'm glad that there's no ventanma So an item. You know I'm saying ventanma But there's one teeny what I'm the nasty bullbuck novels speak of the bedroom and a biting himself Oh, get out of here get lost honey get lost. They're trying to spin on his seat. Leave it to carry leave it to him to give them something to start harping on you know Sam Man, I'm under a senator Macaco, which has planned the Jews harp in Virginia. He's probably harping on it Speak of that is really jet fly low over bay route. Oh, see that? Nope He is really air force stage mock raids on Hezbollah targets in bay route and parts of seven levered on on Tuesday according to 11 needs security forces The world planes flew at low altitude over the city and dive that targets but no bombings If you had someone at many nukes on there A this really planes involved in the operation according to the lesbian E security officials the mock raid was the biggest show of his really Air strength and lesbian on since the 34 day conflict in in August And also how far how fast the media forgot all about that in the public too? You can be sure that Remember we were like on pins and needles every day when I was going on oh yeah needles and pins with the searches Is realized previously one that would continue to fly over lesbian on event has below for me Rearming with weapons fuzzle from Syria UN peacekeepers and Lebanese security forces said that two days mock raids Violate the UN brokerage C-Scarb between Israel and his belong So what did a losing killer have any impact on me Israelis ever nope 924 votes on our pool and the I hate this pool is down to 2541 if we can get that down to a more reasonable number instead of you guys taking a personal Stop being so much a cry babies Be like women you're acting like women now Two commercial planes bumped into each other yesterday on a newer International report There's a lot more of these stories every day now you know, sir I have actually now more error a lot more airplane horrors to horror horror stories Kena horror two commercial planes bumped into each other yesterday on a newer International They're for runway delay hundreds of passengers on a transit line of flight Loof times to flight LH403 headed to Frankfurt Germany. I've been there and you don't want to go there bump into another plane said loofames is ghost woman Jennifer or Vaniac a wing on the lift hands of Boeing 747 Which damage your line was getting the 294 passengers off the plane no injuries before they get on another aircraft The second plane was an empty continental airlines Boeing 757 which was being we located away remote overnight parking spot It was an a stationary position when a contact occurred the airline sent a statement It was apparently brushed by a taxi in Lofons of 747 it appears the 747's left wing Brass of 757's right wing When I said something when the left wing in the right wing you notice there's something symbolic about that would the election Disks days away the left wing is brushing the right wing or whatever it hello once If you want to fly flat your arms okay, that's my best suggestion to it Loof times is okay, but the disappointing I thought they'd have great food, you know in business class I moved on sir, okay, maybe not what they expensive are they expensive? Do chickens pee are you kidding me? Are they expensive of course they're expensive? Oh, then yeah, I wouldn't expect some good food Well, you don't get it like KLM as me is KLM expensive you bet your sweet acid Did they have good food and did this business of airplane food you've heard me discuss it a million times You're going to want to hear it again. It's just there. There's no point they just aren't and they they should stop trying to be in the Food business there and they flying you from one spot to another business and let the food thing get done by I want sandwiches Even though I shouldn't be in the bread. I can just eat the to fill in you know I want sandwiches. Well, I'm telling you now I can settle whole bunch of stories What well it's your fault don't get me drive me drive blame him people over the head right there handy anyway I just want to make sure that this keeps working. I don't know how that I mean I mean what you sent me for the past where do you think I actually use that dumb fellow? Of course not I think this story just went out like lightning man not only is this working I'm gonna show you I'm trying to specify that was before by new and I could have 600 stories for tomorrow On websites that have been invented yet. I'll just make some stories out how's that kind of you first What does that mean? I mean like happened Harrison or plane. Yeah, yeah, I'm one of those planes. Oh, maybe that's why they brush the Well, I'm gonna turn this on away to Frank for good place for by the way. It's a crappy place Of all the places I've been in Germany. Hamburg is beautiful, but I don't know I wouldn't go back there Probably because I had a bad experience because I stayed in a beautiful location I hotel right on this big lake in Hamburg, but no air conditioning was the middle of somewhere is 100 degrees in the shade in the way See Germany is very chancy when it comes to air conditioning Berlin is beautiful. Colonn is beautiful, but forget about AC okay bring a fan bring somebody really nice to wave you with a fan You know or something or bring a bunch of ice to sit in sitting in the bathtub and a bunch of ice That's another thing in Europe they're very chancy with his ice like if you want to you get a coke or something You want ice near soda. Oh, they give you a look like are you can me you want ice? What are you talking about mean some kind of a lunatic? I guess we're gonna have to take your own when you go over there Yeah, take your own bag of ice 935 oh, if they don't get 56 people per cent of people say America's on a wrong track and then new NBC Wall Street Journal pool Well, I guess I'd vigil in Cheney on they're talking about her lesbian is novel Not just on the part of that out of here go to rest up your hubby and is underwear The worst thing about men 25% were down to I hate this full 124 still needs it not amusing though Well, we were picking on the women the other day. Yeah, well, they got I humblad is full only had about six Point one six point a four percent but now that we're picking on the men and finding I know and just taking it personally And as if maybe we were to the wrong maybe that's Sean's fault Maybe we should have said what's the problem with some men where most you know what I mean most women most good point Yeah, I mean we're not saying that all women are a bunch of Stony bitches like you said the other day or that all men are slabs or compulsive gambers or that they go out raping people or there are much of perverts What's wrong with being a pervert? I like it Right, what's wrong with that nothing I think everybody ought to be a pervert to a point What about anyway per year you got to know where to draw the line? I'm like Miss Foley for example Who likes them a little bit too young and even if they weren't too young See that's another thing that they keep dwelling on these 16 year old page Even when they got to be 21 and he was having sex with these guys the fact that the matter is that was inappropriate He's supposed to be their guardian he's grooming them so that when they can look to show their ID and their over 18 He can be dittled and then that's what that was all about Maybe you could go to the dog grooming business I'll tell you one thing. I sure wouldn't have locked them a little longer than any of my dogs Miss Foley how I want to want to come as Chris gay has to say about all that Are they asking about that and they put in the feet of the fire and time fever? I saw his ass his ugly little last There the other day on MSNBC from the hero you know a little BDI time fever without the yellow trench coat That used to wear when he was chasing around carry heart and Donna Rice How come you're not on top of Charlie gay Chris? Since you're so interested in everybody's bedroom activities and since he's one of the big hypocrites of all time And he probably gonna be the next one of the governor. I'll come that time fever ain't involved with that You don't think because Gary Hart was an Democrat and Charlie Chris is a Republican do you're such a squinton? Oh, it's possible now That wouldn't be any more of the hero's pandering would it be the certain constituents Okay, but who hates them like poison which is they would all croak? 11 13 at 5 16 W. If you only got mad dog at you We got the Humper is in Louisville for the breeders cup on Saturday so he'll be doing a show today from there And then we got guilty tomorrow. I see we got guilty At the answer center tomorrow we for the least panthers game Let me tell you again about what you ought to do with your carpets and that has had dry concepts dry clean your carpets So the only people who will be used is method and it sucks out even the deepest down dirt in the fire Is your carpets that you can't see with the naked eye but the good news is it leaves your carpets looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new They smell lemony fresh and it makes for a healthy situation all over your house More reasons to use dry dry concepts is that your carpets will last longer because you keep a dry clean It stays clean your longer two comes out softer the cover our colors come out looking brighter and like I said your house smells Not any fresh and dry concepts right now is gonna plan to make frequent cleaning easy the fraction of the cost of regular cleaning You'll never have a dirty carpet again if you use dry concepts I've been using them for over 21 amazing years in my house. They never let you down and they give you a written guaranteed price right up front Before they start doing their fabulous unbeatable job on your area rugs renal rugs your carpeting your furniture. Drip's your poultry all of these all of these in Broward called dry concepts at nine five four three seven oh 7778 that's nine five four three seven oh 77 70 and made in Palm Beach. It's a toll free call 1 800 248 5071 1 800 248 571 don't forget nobody know where it does it for you like dry concepts 430560 810 and Now a telephone conversation between palm a carton and Heather Mills Hello, this is on groove McCought he resident with him on the phone It's To the world to talk to a 10 of it me bubble bar He's in the bubble bar He's knocking the bubble back. I just heard what they're sure I'm on the phone You know you're not in the bubble bar Stop shop call in the hello Paul it had a man's McCartney for the love of all that's good and green Stop using Heather Mills McCarthy we'll get the divorce. I'm scared your wife You're not me white linders me white you're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed You're going to repress say that I am going to drag you through the mind me friends told me you were lying Scaming black man a little bitch there's nothing but love it about you wait till everyone finds out Who the real Paul McCoy me? You're all father said you were going to get my father is a schmuck just like you Except you the one who'll be writing a check for six hundred million dollars to Heather Mills McCartney for the love of all the leaves of the three Stop using the last name It's here my name and I'm going to be Thinking right what you want I shouldn't be having a big contact with you I just want to tell you that I'm gonna start telling the truth about you your rock crazy I'm crazy how about the time when I was pregnant and you stabbed me in the arm With a broken wine glass during a fight you lunatic that was a fight between Carlos and Gary beyond desperate housewives on the telly How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons and you only brought me to baby needed 12 to make a centerpiece You crazy banshee it was from the movie the breakup with Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston you've lost it You've lost it how about the time will return from vacation and you screamed at me constantly You take I'm in the case, I'm yeah I'm in the case doing a bad way to the year that story Wait till I hear that story down. No immediately you're talking about the TV show deal I know deal with how we manned out you fought the delicate views with reality Have a bit time you and then to cover police officers in the Boston Mafia How about that one how are you going to deny that pharmacart name? I'm a beetle you're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio in the motion picture that departed How about the time you made me play kickball with my bad luck? I love kickball. I love kickball. Kickball's like a favorite sport And you knew that about me before you made me guess way to have a management company get you into Coax. Oh live in a yellow submarine A yellow submarine What is one is real the best thing about this look is first thing about my new email deal is that those things are Fair enough like like grease lightning now Three in that last break. I said a couple more stories to Josh what would you do if I said like 200 bedtime stories to put on the website tomorrow? He would he would save everyone? What do you really I have a fake heart attack? What do you that's big of that? I nearly had a heart attack yesterday when I opened my weekly FedEx package from chicken neck. Oh, yeah not only was his disc in there, but also a DVD of all fall down Oh, yeah, which I was to me. Thanks a lot chicken neck. That was great I'm it's not a great movie, but it's pretty good. It's got Warren Badeen. It's got What's that what's your name? I'm better Google it. It's got the carmelton over And it's got Angel Alensberg playing a really nagging just of doting over bearing and obnoxious mother Which some some of us can relate to let's see all Fall down too much computer crap today although I'm telling you one thing that thing works like a charm Good, so how that weird past we're got in there one of those Gravelies probably Alan Luden had some a do with it in between the making cough drops of a bushy all fall down 1962 and of course it mainly It had 20 year old What's his name random to will in it six points six out of ten I am D. B. How do you like that even Mary's saying? She was the blonde she was the one at Barry Barry had his eyes on he was a do-inner and Then of course he died in the end carcrap first at Carl Maldon Angela landsbury even Mary's saying granted to will the Constance Ford you know that branded the world was born the same year that I was nineteen forty two the only probable that is he's dead died in the car crash at the age of thirty and nineteen seventy two a lot of even numbers there and this movie was made in nineteen sixty two so it was twenty so I don't feel like you'll be watching it Rehrew I don't want to have to feel guilty watching like I watched screen last night again for the umteam time I've seen it before oh and I have no idea what the bully would be actor was played bully and who else was in it? Campbell was in it she's alright you know she's nothing special right plus she was much up most of the last half of the movie and everybody had like blood all over them and last half of my Scream I didn't find like one scary I like the scary movie ones better than the screen parts one through hundred Didn't you yeah this was being camp and least amusing I didn't find anything very amusing or Scary at least but no here some chilling news chilling Winter might actually we'd stop for this year moderate elineal conditions as him events that help suppress hurricane Activity this season our expected to prepare waves of winter weather to the region during the next few months According to local forecasters this means a relatively wet dry season Swedish in the sub-tropics even the possibility of tornadoes oh my god Due to the return of Elineal this fall which should have persist into the spring South Florida's dry season may not be as dry as in previous years that Robert Moilleta the National Weather Services severe weather Respirance of Florida more importantly this may also mean that the threat of severe weather will likely be greater this winter and Spring then the past seven years No yet have had a news conference today discussed the issue Elineal is a curb when water and eastern Pacific become unusually warm the child So that whole Elineal thing it's just it's so sad man makes you want a cry during the summer and fall Elineal is can produce crosswinds that inhibit hurricane development during the winter Elineal is can cause the jet stream to shift farther south Allowing northern co-fronts to dip into South Florida when those cool fronts arrived in Florida They sometimes glide with warm moist tropical air creating severe weather That's what happened in 98 when a forrest just storm struck the entire state early February and then three weeks later a swarm of tornadoes Probably Orlando where you're killing scores of people three years ago a moderate Elineal Glover relatively heavy rain that helped him at long drought in Florida No one can predict the precise effect of the current Elineal but forecast is a history offers a lesson that should be remembered even though hurricane season is nearly over Floridians who keep an eye on the weather taken eye out and stick it on the weather put it on your barometer There's a possibility we make sure it's the most active winter in spring center where the season since at least 2003 Mojada said that's three whole years holy moly man. That's record breaking you notice I think It's chilling I just love the way and of course they're trying to you'll be cute little play on words chilling But everything is chilling breaking news hysterical earthshaking much a crap 970 few votes in a pool and we're down to 24.6% I hate this pool You're starting to take a little bit less personal, which is very good neck good? That's great. I think I also did the wrong I didn't do the spot in the forong break I'm out of sync man today and it's because of this computer business. Did not just do the dry concept You did I wasn't gonna say anything to you tell you oh why not? I just go with a man no big deal Why not not well? There's not a lot of do like you know and seeing the good I could do it again and then we could start to climb doubles. Now what it's all about because basically the new sales department That's our motto now is just just put a bunch of spots on the log and if we can get people Coming up to pay for them. That's that's what we care about. I bet you have to spot them a lot of our sliders You know what sliders are I where we can't use to explain to me what I and see what sliders were and they're they're Contracts that sales people make up that nobody ever agreed to and they just turn them in and then they You know they build a client and see if people are careless. They're sloppy or dumb enough actually pay for Feeding by a Before take off Little boy For the stakes Today the more you can interact, no one will stay. You can interact as they say. For example until the John is over-published, that no one will see who is not completed in the end. You wish you would succeed, based on the directions the Daily  fore-leade from inside of helped. Nonetheless, those which boybub made the Devils against you means he will never forget you. Please, make those mistakes. These are the stakes. Are those your shapes? I know Mr. President of these are these stakes you were. Mmm. Mama har? Not exactly sir. They came from the basement of Walter B. Nation rare. Oh no. No, no, no. What's up? No, no. No, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no, no. I don't know. I don't know. I just told me that he's getting that same weird password for some reason. Why is that? I don't know. Let's play with it in the morning. I don't want to play with it in the morning. And then also you just send me a cover page from Keith. Listeners since the KAT is his. Oh, that's a pervert. Keith. I don't know who that is. He's just sent me porno in the mail all the time. Yeah, well, this is what this is. Well, I can't make it out because it's so late. It was a birthday card. A pornographic birthday card. Oh, he doesn't all the time. It was a birthday card. I don't know if you've heard of it. I kind of got it. 9806 votes on the poll. So you may not see that cam all done. Senate strives to Joshua tomorrow. Holy cow couldn't have been more than 40. I guess so, because I think it work in no mold. Nearly half of Americans uncertain that God exists according to a new poll. Gay. Nearly half of Americans are not sure God exists according to a poll, but also found divisions among the public. I'm whether God is male or female or whether God has a human form and has control over events. In other words, like that. All of God BS. The server conducted by Harris Fool for the son found that 42% of US adults are not absolutely certain there is a God compared to 34% of felt that way when asked the same question three years ago. Among the various religious groups, 76% of Protestants, 64% of Catholics and 30% of not 30% of Jews said they're absolutely certain there's a God. While 93% of Christians who describe themselves as born again feel certain God exists. Wait a minute. Only 93%. Yeah. So I'm a board of Christian, but I'm only so, so certain. When questioned how other God is male or female, 36% of respondents said they think God is male, 37% said neither male nor female and 10% said both male and female. He's got it all. He's a homophardite. Only 1% think God is a female according to the poll. And that's something. Ask whether God is a human form, 41% said they think of God as a spirit or power that can take on human form, but is not inherently human. In other words, how much a God will it go? It's going to be put a little bit like that. So the good news is, yes, Eric changed the password to that weird one that keeps coming up. So now you shouldn't have any more problems. All right. Let me try saying this. You're a liar. What's that password? It means something. I tried telling him that no. Well, don't look at me. I'm not changing it. I'm not sure. I'm trying to explain to him that what we're doing and he thinks we're both nuts. Okay. Let's see. Not that thing. It didn't work. Still popping up. All right. So like I said, we'll play with it in the morning. Uh, crap. You see, this one I thought that I had some really magnificent thing here. This was going to work real great because you hate Alexa like poisoning. He removed from my computer. Yeah, it sucks. Just because internet explorers are piece of garbage. That too. Here's another fact that says, Oh, don't, don't, don't. That's what it says. By the way, something who'd done more from American, who'd done more from American, African, African, African, and African broadcasts is good ability. Shannon Sharp or Lenin Martez. Good question. It's tight. It's tough. So George Bush is getting on Kerry's case for watching your phrase. That makes sense. Oh, W is a master thing. We're sending you out of it. For the full men are too homophobic. Okay. Okay. Let's put that on. They're too homophobic. You probably can. Who must be gay. Okay. Okay. I spend a bunch of. Anyway, as to whether God controls events on earth. Let's see. Ask whether God has a human form. 41 presents it. God has a spirit or power that can take on human form. It is not in her lehumans. Which is just, you know, a bunch of nonsense. And so whether God controls events on earth. 29% believe that to be the case. Well, 44% said God observes, but doesn't control what happens on earth. Well, I thought he was supposed to be an omniscient and I'm a present and whatever. Whatever. We would all, right? But maybe he just likes to watch. Maybe he's a status. That's what I'm thinking. Your God is a sadistic God. Exhomestic abovements. 989 votes by the time we do the next break, we'll have a thousand votes already. That's not such a big deal. A lot of people, a lot of guys didn't want to vote on this poll because they took a personal. Although we are God of 24.2%. What that make you feel a whole lot better? Once we get under 24%. They're not really. It'll make me feel relieved that they're not taking it so personal. They're all voting for there or too many of them. What's the worst thing about men? 992. I hate this poll 24.2%. I'm second. How can we put the two homophobic? Oh, come right up. Just refreshing. And suppose to a little homophobic. A little bit okay. In other words, if some fat comes running after you try to grab your right. Good. I'm like a son of a bitch. That's okay. But if you're like thinking everybody that smiles at you, some kind of, you know, trying to put a move on you. See, that's the thing about me that really amuses the hell. It's just a lot of guys who are just ugly or thin, thin, a lot of straight guys. And think that there are gang guys who are like, well, some of them are. Oh, look at that Virginia Senate race. A opinion research web 50% McCackowitz down to 46% for percent of the sudden. It's 10 to the wishes but man. But Jim Webb is 4 points ahead. How do you like that? And Senator McCackowitz is he's trailing. He's illin. Is that incredible or what? Yeah. I'm going to try that story one more time. Well, maybe he hadn't done that yet. And he already done it. It's possible it hadn't taken yet. Should see the conversation we're having in the little chat window over here. Are you really? Yeah. Okay. I'm doing it. I'm sending it. And it didn't work. Okay. Because he told me that you tried this and of course it's everything that we already did this morning. So, didn't work. If you think I'm a fan of the ass. I guess I love you, Eric. You're great. Yeah. Plus who now wants to have that funky password on there. We're going to take care of that. The Zaro area. The Zaro. The Zaro. The Zaro. Well, we have three now. I'm sure the audience is just on the edge of their seat. Like I said, they're clicking the notes. They're right now. They're just on the edge. They're not exploring the lecture. Okay. I'll never let you down. And of course the lecture is a pop of the button too. Josh knows how fast I can send those stories with Alexa. Thing like that. It's on this way. Yeah. Just like that. Like there you go. But unfortunately now I'm like cut off in the past. So if like the world is coming to an end, I can't even make two and a half hours or two hours and 20 minutes. I'm not going to be able to send it for our tomorrow's stories. If it's coming in the end like over the weekend or something like that, you'll never know about it in our website because, unfortunately, thanks to George, and telling me, oh, and this is going to be great. It's just going to take six clicks. It's going to take. That's right. Always exaggerating, man. Always have said, always try to lecture us. How smart you are and how dumb I am. And that's basically what it's all about. Isn't it? Is that what it is, John? How smart he is and how dumb the rest of us all are. That's basically George's goal and you. You're not yours. Good. George Rodriguez. Okay. See you should have done the other way around. Would be good. What's that? You know, hold your buddy Scotty Max. Oh yeah. George Rodriguez is good. Neil Rogers is no good. He should have done that one. That wouldn't be funny. Yeah, it would be most amazing. 19 till noon at QM. We got the man dog at 2 o'clock. I'm sure there's going to be a lot of commissaration man. The local teams are all taking it right up the old queue. Yeah. Who recains us to George to take on Saturday. The dolphins had to buy. So then lose before they really ill. Pants is looting game in the last minute last. That is stupid late penalty. We got beat by the sharks two to one at the macro arena. They're hoping to game in the season with all that big hull of the blue we had. Wasting hours on the station. Vup, Vup, Vup, V. Wow. And then they were going to blow it out by the balls no less. I thought the balls were weak. The balls are. Well, that little box keeps popping up by itself. It's spontaneously every now and then. It's trying to send. Trying to send. Well, I'm not talking about that one. I'm talking about the one that says, oh, yeah, you've got to try to send one. Trying to send whatever you try to send the last. Well, that's a good thing. Well, as once we get all straight in at them, we'll have like 50 more stories. I'll go at once to drive. 50 things. So fast challenge. 50 people. Why are you a Roger S. Force Radio 560. You A.M. Alright, this is G Gordon Lydia. And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. That's a movie. The winner is the Socrates. The winner is the Socrates. The crazy. The Satan. The crazy. So much fun in all their conversations. They only shower all the special auditions. And they blow up everything. And we'll take a seat at all your money. Oh, well, what a so much stuff that it's not funny. The crazy. Fragdad. The tragic. No way. Stop this. The carbos. And hijackies. These are just a few of their favorite things. The fight over landation. Every reason they're tinsers. I pulled this wheel by with pre-forms. They wear something older and free. And a safe us thing has all your money. So much stuff that it's not funny. The sweat makes the story and the gods. The poor thing is so fun for the day. The party. And the sweet husband. And for your money. Oh, 11.27 at 5.60 WQAM. Big doses of red wine extract help obese mice stay fat and happy. Two to months of red wine extract seemed to help obese mice eat a high-fat diet and still the long and healthy life. So just a new study that some experts are calling. Landmark research. Oh, my God. The big question is, can it work the same magic in humans? I started sucking down the red wine right now. If I was you. I was like, oh, well, then we'll be all followed by him. He never stopped drinking during the whole thing. Of course, if you were married to that bitch. Oh, and if you had a son like Barry Barry, rhymes with... You're fairy. Scientists say it's far too early to start swimming. Virals are red wine. But some are calling the latest research promising it even. Spectacular. The study by the Harvard Medical School at the National Institute of Aging shows that heavy doses of red wine extract. Lowers the rate of bad. Be these liver problems are not the fat related ill effects in obese mice. Fat related deaths drop 31% for obese mice on the supplement compared to untreated obese mice. And the treated mice also lived long after they should have the study said. Astoundingly, the organ of the fat mice that got the wine extract looked normal when they shouldn't have. Said study leader offered Dr. Davidson Fair of Harvard Medical School. And St. Clair said other preliminary works still being done in lab shows the wine ingredient. Has promised in length any life span a normal size mice too. I'd rather get a bunch of grapes right now, but red grapes. And what is it that they're extracting from the red wine so good? St. Clair has a financial stake in the research. He's co-founder of a pharmaceutical firm, Cifrus Pharmaceutical, Link of Cambridge, Mass, which is testing the safety of using the extract on humans for treatment of diabetes. For years red wine's been linked to numerous health benefits, but the new study published online in the majorial of nature shows that mammals give an ultra-high doses of the red wine extract. What is it? Reverotrol? There it is. Can get to get a fact what? That's the question I asked. Resvert, resvert, resvert, it's all. Can get to get a fact of cutting calories without having the pain to actually doing it. If we're right about this, it would mean you could have the benefit of restricting calories without having to feel hungry, St. Clair said, it's the holy grail of aging research. The holy freaking grail, baby, try the wine. Resvert, resvert, resvert, it's all produced when plants are under stress. Our found in the skin of grapes and other plants, including peanuts and some berries. The resvert's health feed in 55 obese mice on a high calorie diet. One scientist called the Amygdadmels diet, and not only about his healthiest normal mice, they are as agile and active on exercise equipment as their lean cousins, showing what can be considered a normal quality of life, higher than usual for obese mice, said study co-author Rafael de Cabo of Nestle's son on aging. These fat-old mice can perform as well on this skill test as young lean mice, and clear said, but when a hopper gets back from Louisville, give him some grape juice. See what happens. See if he starts hopping around. That's what he keeps him so spur and whatever. Spray, spur and spy. You only made your body measurement that didn't improve a side from weightless cholesterol, that didn't seem to matter Neo for a health of the mice. The study is so promising that the aging institute of this week is strawberry considering repeated the same experiment with racist monkeys, coming the closest to humans after successful research. All experiments on yeast, warm and fruit flies in our mice, said institute director Richard Houley, I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I thought he was going to be the next Johnny Carson member. That's true. He thought he was going to be a really superstar. The best he could do is be like the host on family feud. That's good enough. Well, not for him. It wasn't. He was going to have a big chunk of him. He had a nasty marriage go up. Then they had the Louis B. Anderson who was, oh my god. I'd rather have Louis Armstrong. He's been dead for a few years. Louis B. Anderson was supposed to be very funny. No one was. He was fat and very annoying. Then they had another guy on there who I have no idea what his name was. And I think that another one. I think they got the fifth or sixth incarnation of family feud on the year. I mean, to show the concept is good. Except for that all that's fake. We win the family sitting right in a hotel like, you know, grabbing each other's hands off on the side, you know. They're plotting. They're plotting. They're plotting. A bunch of crap. John Kerry canceled all events. But called in the I'm a son of a semeseed this morning because nobody was listening or watching. Oh, man. Can you imagine that? Sure. We missed that. The two more mumbling of the. Let's try to bloody retribution and accusations of American involvement. He rusted across Pakistan's tribal areas yesterday after that missile strike. They killed 80 people in a rate radical Madrasa. An estimated 20,000 tribesmen crowded into cars six miles from the school that were shredded by our stars on Monday. Crise of down with America rang up as radical terrorists had resty. Turbin protest. Those these smothheads. Many of whom brandished. Colise the cause of rocket launchers. Our G-Hod will continue that while in thunder. Molanafak here, Mohamed. There's another faker. A firebrand preacher would links to al Qaeda and our people will go to Afghanistan to ask the American British forces he be saying. Any act or restman. I wonder if he's related to Ray Remin. Planned to have a squad of suicide bombers waiting to kill Pakistani soldiers. Imitating Iraqi attacks on Americans. When he asked the crowd if they'd support the measure and they'd try to be replied with a unison. Yes. The protests is planned that Monday strike in Qinghai Village had killed innocent religious students. Not international terrorists. But the Pakistani government insisted the school was a front for an al Qaeda meeting facility. What official speaking on the condition of anonymity said they may draw said frequently been visit by Osama Yaman's deputy. I'm in the Paminel's War. And by Abu O'Bai Da Al-Masari and Egyptian Milathu was suspected of mass-demided. Last summer's alleged plot to bomb transit-lineic airliners. But he said neither one of them was at the address at the time of Monday's attack. Oops. The car rally was the largest and several across northwest frontier. Timed and Punjab provinces were American flags and evades the George Bush were burned. And it goes on. You know, just making friends all on across the Pakistanis. Those are really good friends. Aren't they the Paki? Oh yeah. 1226 votes on the poll. And we're dead 24.2% hate the poll. Men. Speak to the polls. Everybody's got their eye on them. We've got six days left. Democrats are ahead in the races for 12 or 15 key Republican health states in the US House of Week before the November 7 elections facing them with an instructing range. A willing controller, a house court of the latest writers, a zombie poll released today. In fact, I don't know whether this story went through or not, but I'm not going to try to send any more stories to you. I mean, how could you assist the old fashion way, you know? No, you probably shouldn't. I think I might. I'm not trying to bring the break. 5 Democrats had comfortable double digit leads in the battle for the Congress with just one Republican. Michelle Bachman and Minnesota holding a double digit advantage. 7 of them Republican incumbents trailed Democratic changers in the polls. And Republicans were behind in five of six open Republican health districts. Democrats have to pick up 15 seats to reclaim a control of the House. And the polls found Republican struggling to avoid being swept from power for the first time since 94. Since the last round of the world does I would be polls in early October, or Democrats letting 11 or 15 races, Democrats improved their standing in nine districts and Republicans gained route in six. Three districts switch leaders with two Democrats can't look as in Kentucky and Bruce Brady and Iowa, and one Republican representative Selma Drake of Virginia moving in lead after turning in October. Democrats are getting very close to that magic number 15, poll. As I've said, Republicans are really on the ropes. The polls were taken between October 24th and 9th and 15 to the most competitive House districts across the country. The surveys of at least 500 likely voters had a margin mirror plus her. Masso men is four and a half points. It keeps you on John Kerry again over and over. Oh, there's a message at the dinner party. Oh, God, somebody ought to send him a message. Put him in a broom class and lock the door okay until at least next Wednesday. In fact, if you want to leave a little longer than that, the thing is that he's so best to have access to the faces of the Rogers Force video 560. Okay, I like to relax by having very magul and massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers 12th of an hour. Okay. People that don't know why you're upset. Put my proud edge at you to the floor. Just like when you're a leader, I thought you'd have faith in me. But she just won the lottery. But she's thinking it's full of bliss and peace. I can't move out of the kids. Keep the cameras rolling. Please, people don't preach. I'm as new money. People don't preach. Because I've got money. So I turn around and laugh. I take it this way, please. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You're a new advocate baby. You lose for you, Josh and Tech Baby. Check your email or you'll lose, you've got a bunch more stories on her. And check that thing again during this last break. Ee. What's back in there? You give me great instructions. Don't be changing the password again, Erik. I mean, you did a wonderful job there but cut the crap right away. Leave it alone. Go eat some sandwiches. Mark Flelee was a debt board were perpet 1977. kids, he did a preliminary 12 years as Chairman of the House Caucus on missing and exploited children. He also did an a high camp low budget action club called Strike Force that went straight to DVD. In the film, which also features a cameo by Bert Reynolds, fully plays the congressman identified in the credits only as Republican Fairchild, who has a band of violent yet setting vigilantes to rescue his kidnapped daughter. Shot and Palm Beach County Florida, which fully represented the firm as original police in 2001, is the Librarians, named for the vigilante group that collects overdue people. Isn't that cute? That's funny. Lionsgate bought the rights and we released in 2003 as Strike Force, or maybe was just Strike Force, maybe that's what Mark Foley was in and. Whatever it's called, the movie opens with an awkwardly choreographed gunfight. At least it doesn't have to as band guys to come to bullet wounds before the leader of the group played by William Forsyth, rescues Fairchild's spawn, setting up a father-daughter reunion and a wooded road. The only emerges from the back of the Blackstraight's limo, a gold pin resembling those warm members of Congress living on his lapel, and kneels as the girl rushes into his arms, setting up the 16th of inspired dialogue. Foley, eyes climped. Oh, I missed you, too, baby. Girl, there were a lot of bad men. Foley, I know, baby, but it's all over now. Deep-sar. Khan, I love you. I love you too, Daddy. She says. Isn't that sweet? Really? Great, hop-in-erite Palm Beach Gardens, where's it? It's served as an associate producer on the film, says Strike Force needs to be viewed in context. It's not going to win any Academy Awards, but there's a good little rainy Sunday afternoon movie, tells radar. For a four million dollar movie, look like it was a 10 million or a 12 million dollar movie. Or maybe like, 30 million. For 30 cents. Since it's released, Strike Force is aired on Showtime, as available for 12.99 on Amazon, a price one review was inserted with two high unless you read the like poor storylines and bad acting deboot. Top news says he's known for a few days before he was elected at Congress in 1994, and put he be a natural fit for the Republican Fairchild role, at least the part where he was on his knees, the non-ness certainly would little girl. He'd been our congressman for a long time, and he was crazy about the movies in the entertainment business's opener. Indeed, fully was regarded as one of Hollywood's go-to Republicans and seemed to revel in the intention of his status to forten him from actors like Julia Roberts, Celine Dion, and Thomas Salk, huh? Thomas Salk and Bert Reynolds, he starts seeing this picture. At the 2000 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, he was faded at Nightclub party hosted by then MPA, a president, Jack O'Leary, visiting Vycom and Time Warner. Not that fully was ever bashful about his close relationship with Hollywood. In fact, he told the Washington Times in 1999 acting as in my blood. Fully's appearance in Strike Force certainly was motivated by greed, according to a mandatory disclosure statement filed in 2001. He donated his $400 feet of charity, and that's sweet? Yeah. As someone, our honor copter, conceives that fully is most significant for re-indacting, landed him in a flick about a quest to save an endangered child. Of course, it was supposed to be his own daughter, he notes, it wasn't like it was a congressional page who was kidnapped or anything like that. Whatever that means. It means whatever you wanted to, I'd be like that. Oh, back up to 24 points, this percent. See, they're doing that just to, because I think it's going to piss me off. Ask me if I really care. Oh, I care about that. I care about as much of the result on this full as I care about any of them, you know? Just give a lot of votes, it's all we care about. That's all Eric here is a bucket, a lot of votes. Just vote, he makes another 10 bucks. Doesn't he wish? Wouldn't that be great? We could split him like four ways. In fact, George promised me that he covered whatever others have known to would buy and he said he'll cover it. Oh, he said before the show job, and he said he'd match the amount and give it to you too. All right, you would check. Yeah, I'm sure you will. I'll frame it. Thousands and 67 votes that I'd pull, we got to see. Well, we're not doing this as fast as we did the one yesterday. What thought was yesterday's about? Remember what yesterday's full was? I've got a clue. Oh, well, the addiction. Oh, yeah, well, we addicted to it. I guess voting on our pool must have been the answer because we sure had a lot of votes on the pool, but today, uh, wait down. And you wanted to wise your fall. I don't know. I hear anything else. Well, because I'm too preoccupied with poshking while it was Dan computer today and not paying enough attention to business too much monkey business. None of real business. Although, let's see, we got this and we got that. And I like that. We're going to just pass page on here. What? I'm looking. Are they going to puke at it, okay? That's enough. I'm not looking at no more. I'm going to go watch, uh, all fall down again with Brandon bewilder. Sports agent invited in the smuggling scheme for Cuban baseball players. You see this story? I bet you were all over this, like Stink on Greg. No, what? A California-based baseball agent in four assistants were indicted yesterday accused of financing and organizing a smuggling scheme to get Cuban baseball players out of the communist island. How do you like that? Oh, great. Agent Gustavo Gustaminga is a total sports international. It's accused of hiring four men to help them get 19 Cubans out of the island. August 22, 2004, including several ball players, some of them now playing for minor league teams in the USA and three children identified the advantage by their initials. Though this case involves a Beverly Hills sports agent, talented baseball players, it's remarkably similar to the human spuggling operations that immigration and customs and forcement encounters every day. I see E. I. S. Assistant Secretary Julie Meyers said in the statement. The ringmothers put the lives of illegal immigrants and at risk and solved the profit from their labor. It's unfortunate that those who claim to support Major League Baseball, Taint America's past families illegal human smuggling operations. What are we going to do about the illegal, huh? Get Lou Dobbs on a case. A red one. The mangas Beverly Hills Company represents some 50 baseball players, including pitcher Jason Simon Tatchy, former Marlon Greg Colbrun and Cuban defectors Eddie or Apeza and Andy Morales. Never heard Colbrun. I remember him. Yes. Yes. You'll say two and two is yesterday. Was he first base? I like that. By I sure know my Marlon's not. I didn't the beginning. I used to go to a lot of games. Then it got to be really pondressed. The environment accuses Morales of the positive 50 granted away commercial capital bank account to finance the operation. The environment accuses the mangas of running an apartment in Woodland Hills California late July of 2004. Four days later, Jeffrey Rod Regas boarded 22 Cubans on a 28 foot and boat and Cuba. The boat was turned back by customs and border protection. A month later, Hernandez went back to Cuba to pick up another 19 Cuban nationals. Many of them from the first aborted trip. A few days later, the mangas transferred 25 grand commercial capital bank. According to the indictment code of Feminist Jeffrey Rod Regas and Roberto Yosavni Hernandez operated gold fenced boats used in the two-spotry ventures. Roberto Yosavni Hernandez. A Ramon Batista and Guillermo Valds allegedly transported the players from Florida to California and rented van. Batista provided meals and clothing. Used money to Mingus provided me, I'm going to get a bunch of red grapes with seeds. I'm going to take them, I'm going to sneak in my coat and the casino and I'm going to throw the seeds from the grapes into the machine. Talk about sour grapes. Wouldn't that be fun? Oh yeah. The indictment charges all five defendants where they can spiritually bring aliens illegally into the West, transferring the aliens and violation of law and concealing and harboring the aliens from detection. The Mingus Rodriguez and Hernandez are simply charged with alien smuggling and Rodriguez is charged with assaulting US Customs in Border Protection Marine and Introduction Agents. Violent Bastard. The Mingus Batista and Valencia accused of transporting conceiving and harboring from detection illegally. They want out of Cuba, they want out of Honduras, they want out of New Iraq, Panama, all of Latin America, right? They want out of Mexico. That's probably the first band mistake. When the first Mexican illegal cross-demortal actually had been in the end of that, you don't understand that there was money to be made with emilegals. That's what they said in that movie, you always the name of the movie in Tijuana. Losing. Oh yeah. With your buddy cruising in. How about you Tom now? I'm wondering who Tom Cruise was chasing around in that movie? Shelley Long couldn't have been John Stockwell for that. Tom Cruise was chasing Shelley Long for you. He even watched in too many movies, man. You've been buying mine in too much pressure in the movie, you know. Right. The 24.8% I hate this pool on that thing, worst thing about men. They don't want no more pools like that. Just keep that in mind. Okay, next time on vacation, if I croak like today's the casino. Just remember next time we put up a pool, don't pull one up there that'll piss off the men. Right. In fact, if you want to get a lot of votes, if you want to read his suck up, what's the worst thing about your bitch, you know? Right? Sure. Works for me. Which one of these words best describes the woman you hate most? Yeah, you know, there's a lot of we can't say on the air. The biggest name, mother of this challenge, that is the old rocker's 420-560. And this one hit to the end. Amen. 2018 in 560, WQM happy Wednesday November 1st, El Unadina Noviemrae man. Isn't it? Yep. No. Are you eating out or what? I'll tell you. I know it. See how did I know there was food? Because I got a food story coming up next. It's Josh also eating there. He better not be eaten because he don't have time. I send him a whole bunch more stories. Now I ate at like 10 this morning. Not that many more just to your 4. Okay. If I anything I can find on there of any interest, then maybe even one person I read, I want to make sure we get it. We don't want to get scooped by anybody, do we? How many scoops? Hmm. Four sounds good. Four scoops of rocky road with hot food to rock, nose and cherry's on top. Anyway, this Roger is kidding it. I don't think I've ever found anything interesting many road on his website workbench. But once in a while I check it out, because there's a link to which from like a drug to retort or something, RB's double dip intenders go to the way of the buffalo he writes. Now I don't, I am going to our reason a long time. Josh is a big RB's guy. You know about the double dip intenders? No. Well, no, you're going to find out. He says the coding is nothing special, but this buffalo dip int sauce brings the heat. You have to be able to have RB's double dip intnovation is that when I wanted to cool it down, I could first do a buffalo dunk, then do a second dip into the ranch dressing dunk. It was like spraying a flame with fire extinguisher foam and I could control the thermostat as I please, writes food could a crisp towel burn upon each post. On somey that I was watching the Dallas Cowboys struggle to care what an apprentice went at an irisisable craving for buffalo double dip intenders writes writers can it, a new offering from RB's that's about the worst most delicious form of arterial glue imaginable. Processed chicken strips fried in fast acting concrete better that you can dip in two sauces, molasses stick ranch dressing and to best go spike buffalo sauce, a delightful combination of hot-stays hot and cool-stays cool. I was not at four impulse control at a table I paused the game and made a late night run to RB's. The buffalo double dip intenders were gone and the employee was strangely competitive when I lamented the disappearance from the menu. Three inquiries about their fate were interrupted quickly with, we don't sell them anymore. I never got a chance to dig for any remaining terms of buffalo sauce they hit on hand. The next morning after a good night's sleep, understood by the digestion of spicy chicken intenders, I thought about the conversation and began to suspect that there's more to this story. I stopped at another RB's in Jacksonville and got to St. Reespas before I said more than buffalo double the clerk said no longer on a menu. They've also disappeared completely from the RB's website. RB's marketed buffalo double dip intenders heavily is recently as October 4 as you can see from a commercial. He's got a link to our fab by video search engines and tbi's.com. A clue this has been this regards his pregnant wife's labor because he's distracted by his desire for buffalo double dip intenders. I can empathize he says. Liberal blogger Joshua Marshall X to send his readers out to engage in packed journalism each one pounding an individual member Congress of the tough question that pins them down on a subject such as social security privatization. I'd like to do the same on workbench but not for something as fabulous government accountability. He says please go to your nearest RB's and ask them about buffalo double dip intenders. If the employee permits a follow-up question, try to find out what they've abruptly dropped the heavily marketed and that I mentioned delicious menu item just weeks into its introduction. Maybe I'm being excessively conspiratorial here but the American fast-witted industry designed to do his products with multi-million dollar ad campaigns and wrapped them weeks later and that's how it's been years to abandon the McDLT after Disney Alexander saying his praises. Something smells here he writes and it isn't the uh... delectable aromas by sea buffalo sauce. Maybe it's the aroma of buffalo. Oh man. God. Maybe it's the aroma of amherst or a dip you. Maybe that's why they say, ooh dip you or a hamburgergmeer come of buffalo raceway. Or you never been to buffalo huh? No. I'd be mighty proud of that if I were you. It's not even on the list. I'd have that on my tombstone. He never went to buffalo and people will say, all right, God would be taste. Yeah. I mean I would excellent taste. I don't find out that he worked a QA and I'll say well maybe not. Nobody's perfect. I've got an article here which under it's a news story otherwise I couldn't read the headline of the story by Bob Geiger and the smurfing chimps. He says our president is aligned scumbag. Now it's a news story so I can read that. How's that for a statement the obvious that headline he asked is difficult to pick any one day when George W. Bush is worse than another. He's clear the sorry to excuse for a president or country's history and yet amazingly he still finds ways to be even worse almost every day. He had another one Monday when while speaking to Republican rally in Texas he spent the majority of the speech saying that if people both of the Democrats the terrorists to win. Some say immediately deployment. Some say they wouldn't spend another dime on our troops in Iraq said Bush. Some say that the idea that we're going to win this war is an idea that unfortunately he's just playing wrong. Well, however they put up their approach comes out of this the terrorist win and America loses. Aside from the fact that no Democrat in Congress has ever proposed not spending an other dime on our troops in Iraq. This slime is coming from the same man who has often said I'll important it is that all all put together in the time of war. The office has sent a minority leader Harry Weedon about if you'd a quickly sponsoring. Contrary to the president's intentions Americans are just saying no to his administration's no plan no end approach to Iraq. Then we have Senator John Kerry discovering the painful as many politicians should learn about trying to tell jokes they shouldn't. At a Democratic rally in California primarily attended by college students. Kerry had a joke written in the speech in which he makes fun of Bush's weak intellect and tell students to stay in school and earn history less day someday. Get our country in Berlin a stupid war with no meaning. The line was meant to be delivered like this. I can't overstress the importance of a great education. Do you know where you end up if you don't study if you aren't smart here in Lexuley Lazy? You end up getting us stuck in a war in Iraq. Kerry blew the line. D. B. is slightly from a prepared text that came out like this. You know education if you make the most of it if you study hard and do your homework and you make an effort to be smart. Well, you know you can do well if you don't you get stuck in Iraq. No matter what Kerry truly intended to say and it's his intent that Republicans immediately began attacking. The GOP from Bush right down the local Republican dogcatcher went on the offensive saying that Kerry had installed those troops in Iraq and implied that if you're dumb you went up in the military. Of course that's not what Kerry meant it with an hour of bungling the joke the Republicans all knew that. But that didn't stop them armed with the facts of what Kerry really meant to say about our idiotic commander and chief from going out all day and misleading people about what Kerry believes. There was a Republican party's chief liar George W. Bush knowing full well what Kerry really meant telling people the opposite in the speech. The members of the US military are plenty smart and there are plenty brave in the senator from Massachusetts. I was the little apology he said to be sounding booze from a sheep like audience. Kerry who received a similar bashing for my house press secretary Tony Snow and Republican senator John McCain fired back in a way many of us were doing. The scene when he was attacked by the swift vote liars in 2004. He said if anyone thinks of it when we're criticized the more than a 440,000 hero serving in Iraq and not the president who got stuck there they're crazy. This is the classic GOP playbook. I'm sick and sadly this is a little Republican attacks that always seemed to come from those who never can be found to serve in war. I'd love to attack those who did. I'm not going to be lectured by a stuffed suit White House mouthpiece standing behind a podium or a Daldi Rush Limba who note out today will take a break from be literally Michael Z. Fox's Parkinson's disease to start lying about me. This is a lie about Iraq. It discussed me, Kerry said that these Republican hacks will never warn the uniform of our country lying to stir it so blatantly and carelessly about those who have. Kerry also correctly said that its Bush news interrogation letter will apologize to military families for everything they've done to them. The people who are troops and an apology are George W. Bush and Dick Cheney who missed that American war and are given us a Katrina foreign policy. This is betrayed our ideals. Kill the manned our soldiers and wide material restraints that the defeated it's a Kerry. These Republicans are afraid to debate veterans who live and breathe the concerns of our troops. And not the empty slogans of administration that sent our brave troops to war without body armor. And Kerry is so right. It is indeed our crooked president who should apologize to all Americans for lying our country into a war and he should really apologize to the families over 20 and 100 troops who died for nothing. And tens of thousands who've been wounded in GOP's war of choice. He might also want to trust in something more so the veterans who've seen their benefits cut under the administration and the children whose future has been mortgaged for a war that didn't need to happen. And what's so funny about this whole thing is that George W. Bush demands that John Kerry, a highly decorated Vietnam veteran who shoes Bush is not fit to shine, a apologize to military people for a blown joke. Kerry said it well and was thrown together the press conference in CLL after the gas in California. I apologize to no one from our criticism of the president is broken policy saying that the comment was a Bosch joke about the president and the president's people not about the troops. And they know exactly that's what I was talking about. Since the president and his people came to love plain spoken folks so much, I'll be remarkably plain spoken. George W. Bush is a lying, creep in the scumbag and an embarrassment to our country and the presidency. If we didn't know that already, he's proven to be on dispute in the last two days. He says. Yeah. What's the new story, you know? I understand. Oh, sorry, Joyce. F***. Yeah. 118 votes on the pool. And I know that we have a live in this break. Do it. You sure? I just want to check with George before I do it again. So, oh, you're a god-wing old fool man. It's another senior moment. He's going to be using that a lot in days to come. I'll all with senior wetsus. Old man's having another senior moment with senior wetsus. You know what I said? You know? Oh, right. 27 pass no there's the anxious obnoxious Joe Scarborough there on MSNBC. Oh my god. Now you tell you again, it's telematrics is 30th birthday and it's celebrate telematrics and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons V2S pillow top. You can choose from a South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons V2S with same day delivery. This is the only way if the old mattress is had it, you've got to get yourself a new one. The only way that anybody with a brain gets a new mattress. They sit there on their ass and they make one easy call. This call, dial a mattress, 1-800 mattress for factory direct prices. And what when he service with no nonsense, no BS, no off-name brands, nobody ever heard of. They offer you a tub on financing, veal and the best delivery deal in the world. You picked the date and time for delivery. Any day seven days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM even the same day you call and Donna McResho's up on time virtually every single time like 10 to noon noon to 2 1-3, 2-40 fine to 4-45 etc. That's why I've used them for years and why Donna McResho's is ranked number one in the world. And customer satisfaction just about everybody at QMU is in the you ought to be doing the same. On the web just look up McResho calm or call them toll free 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-RES we've got the last as because it stands for sensational savings and slimy salesholds. The biggest name of best talent to the business is real rotors for video fights. The real god. The problem is all inside your head she said to me. The answer is easy if you take a block at the feet. I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free. There must be 50 ways to leave your lover. You just slip out the back to jack. May come in the plans and you don't need to be for it. Or just listen to me. I'll find this bus. You don't need to discuss this much. Just do our property free and get yourself free. Okay one moment massive paper jam. What's going on here today, you know? What are those things? Man. One moment please. Okay, I fixed it. You're going to put me on the engineering payroll too, you know? Oh yeah. God how do I do it? Just amazing as me. But lucky you always say you don't have all these other people coming in touch King of all the crams. Did you know what you always say? I always say that. Are there resines? That's what I was trying to print out. I didn't send it to a jashie at all though. I'm just so excited about that new outlook express. You know that new email? Just put to what we get it all. It's a good thing for a jashie that I'm off by two. It's wood by and Wednesday. Wait till tomorrow. God. We dangerous. There's something about when you know when something hasn't been working and then you finally straighted out and it seems to be working like a bell. Look your balcony. You just want to sit there on the floor and all day long. Man. Just a shoot the old tube. State representative Ralph Arza, underfare for Exile of lace phone calls for money be flumica resign as office this morning. I'm the steps of highly acidic haul and city would not see re-elections on next Tuesday. The resignation came as prosecuted to find the foul criminal charges of the interference against Arza. Surrounded by family and friends, Arza and for forgiveness, he hoped his replacement in the State House would focus on education and saying he was resigning because he didn't want to be in the direction for what will be the House of Representatives next two years. Republican Party affordable to his Arza's stand in the next two days election. Arza resign shortly after he was expected to visit the state attorney's office to office as a resignation. Workedly that word had leaked out that prosecutors were expected to charge him and his first cousin with felony counsel day of tampering and retaliating against the state representative Dress Barerol. Arza also been scheduled to speak in Tallahassee of Nune to be House of Representatives and investigate his conduct. He's out. Got it. Got it. There's John Kerry again. Let me bring in Mike for a couple. Yeah, you go ahead and bring him in Joe Skurber. Why do you make me watch him, Mr. NBC? It's because you got to have session with I'm a fool. Oh yeah. Because I don't want to. Look, there's all these people we don't want to watch. We certainly don't want to watch. You're watching him. I don't see here on there anymore, but I don't either. I can't even think of what they were in neighbors anymore. They're in Kagan. They're in Kagan. I'll decide out of mind. I don't see her no more. And I've one that I hate like poisonous on there. Oh man, I can't never think of her name. That's Rita. No, not Rita. If I go to the back of the NBC, don't miss that at one. I think he's on a one every day. 1137 votes on a pool. I think we'll get to 13 today. Okay, lucky number for going to wood by number 13. Lucky wins day, right? I mean, it's your and he who is. Now, what were you eating there while all that was going on? Oh, char-hut. Yeah, what'd you have? char-hut. char-hut. char-hut. Hmm. I like to sauce it, aren't you? I'm from char-hut. Ah. Ah. Eh. A main attorney who released information in 2000 about President George W. Bush's drunk and driving conviction was arrested yesterday after he dressed up as an al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and weaved a fake gun at traffic. Hey, what's all ween was in it? Police in South Portland, main arrested Thomas Connelly for a nine of Scarborough main and charged him with criminal threatening. He was released on bail. Lieutenant Todd Bernard said the police department was seen calls about a man wearing middle eastern garb and a bin Laden mask and carrying fake dynamite standing along in the air state highway when police arrived saw Connelly holding a gun. Where did you get fake dynamite? Oh, you make it out of hot dogs. I think it's you. I think you can't. Oh, you get it. Final might. They ordered him to drop the weapon several times and eventually comply. It turned out to gun was fake Bernard said. In a phone interview, Connelly said he'd been trying to protest to plan change in local tax rules. I didn't expect to be arrested. He said obviously I touched a post 911 nerve. No. These before the 2000 presidential election, Connelly released information about Bush's 1976 truck and driving conviction. The Bush campaign said democratic dirty tricks were behind the disclosure that an age 30. Not turned in the house of an arrested drunk and driving in kindergarten, forward main. Please, the guilty paid a fine had his license suspended for. Turned in the days. Connelly had never heard ran for governor May 1998. South Portland, May is about 100 miles north east of Boston. Have you been to Maine? I never have. No. Kind of a crusty place, Maine. Oh, go. You're going for a picture. You're going for a picture. That's right. Anybody want to send George to Maine? No, no. How about Idaho? I think we're lying in. How about court law? I don't know. What do you mean? Why? What is the state? The panhandle is very different from the rest of the state. I can't speak about the rest of it. The panhandle, panhandle is in the Rocky Mountains and it's beautiful and it's clean and there aren't very many people. I just think that. Like streams and rivers. Yeah. And it's beautiful. It's a nice country. Oh, it's God's country. Yeah. Wow. They're not welcoming. When the tumbleweed. Evenes aren't welcoming. And the cactus in the mess of go and Arizona. Rocky Mountains are different. There are no tumbleweeds in it. Dry scrubbing. Waterfalls, lakes. Great. Beautiful. That's why there's nobody who lives there. There's Lee Bears moves. That's right. Listen, if people live there, it wouldn't be nice. It's called the wilderness and it's beautiful. Molly Ivins writes, victory looks likely. Prepare for not gloating. She says representative, ducked in hot. Republic of California's analysis candidacy for the presidency. West until now he's barely been notices. A guy who took money from Brent Wilson, Mitchell Wade, who's brides to do cutting him. It was resignation from Congress and a plea of guilty to bribery charges. Hunter's widely expected to be the next congressman. And I didn't know that one. We had that story yesterday. Did we? As for the chair of the House Armed Services Committee's presidential candidacy, we've been thinking of skier-side little else around here. It's about time we had some good news. There's so much evidence stacking up in the can't these people do anything right far? It's a specter's secret strategy is to reward incompetence. It's like the hiring of Brownie Brown and FEMA or John Bolton of the UN. It's just hard to imagine why. So not the latest report from the Special Inspector General for a Wack Reconstruction says we have lost track of hundreds of thousands of guns we ship to Iraq. Many of which are now likely being used to kill our soldiers. For this administration, who's in charge of getting the plastic forcefully potato salad of the company of picnic has deadly consequences? A depressing story like this, and the week is really even begun. I hate to imagine what will be on our plates by Friday's is Molly. So with the Bushies continuing their tailspin, it might be tender review of the rules in case we win and the upcoming winter relations. I realize for many Democrats it's been so long since we won. We've completely forgotten the etiquette and I realize I'm taking a chance here. There's nothing more dangerous than overconfidence, but you have to practice for a victory as well as for defeat. First, no gluing. Actually, there is gluing allowed, but only an exclusive presence of other Democrats. Gluing in the face of Republicans is rude and unsforceful and like. And just gives them one more thing to complain about. Also, remember there's a possibility that maybe some Republicans on the civil service staff have seen this when the R is win, and it's really not good matters to watch them waiting around with their eyes, Birmingham with tears. Second, I'm sure we'll all be full of grand theories if Republicans lose and we win. Democrats will be ready to be helpful, offer advice and sort of try to purify the R's up. I don't recommend this. It's somehow never feels to me when R's are dumb and truckloads are good advice on the D's that they are actually sincere about it. Third, some of our theory, jigs, wheels and renditions of Danny Boy are limited best to Irish bars. Fourth, try to be framed from insulting Republicans on mass. A good start would be, you know, it was mostly the ones under indictment that hurt you. But Molly says, still Molly always says the way to worse. I'm 149 votes on the pool. Back up to 26.4% just aggravate me. I could care less, looking at 80%. They don't like the pool. Don't ever take a pool like in men again, okay? The reason he's so funny is just how old is he taking a very first thing? You're a rotter, sports radio 560. You a M. Take a very personal. Tell me, is the all-new family dude hosted by Master Thesby and John O'Hellie. The one and only one of the contentious competition but with the rivalry and probability colloquially known as the field. You know we know, sign-fells, honey, jpeerman. Now he's bringing his supercellious answers to America's favor, okay? Hi, value and compact at all is 100 individuals that have been meticulously cleared and the six most prevalent responses on the board buzzers, I thought, ready? Name something you would put in your pickup. I'm a thing. Uh, uh, uh, dirt. So, mate, tarab, ferra. Number one answer, rectifical rejoined, well done, not well done indeed. Then we feud to average families and one pretentious host. In his ins of T.D. L. Abdom, John O'Hellie and I co-jurely request the honor of your presence for the spirit, so we've done he for at his family's feud. And the well and got speed. Which old bad hosts? One after the other. And he had one two good hosts. I mean, a recall. Pretty good. But then after that, just give him the show already. Okay, if he can't get to write hostably, I'm a show, forget about it. Right? Right. State attorney to probe coders, ladies voting violation. Somebody just thanks this in from the Palm Beach posted. So, Dan Good thing you're out mine, my sheenel, straight. Now there is him in. Yes. I had a paper jam there. I put look in a jagged piece of paper. I'm going to like, all balled up to the end of the middle. The worst night to take the home machine apart. I'm the expert that I'm in that particular machine, man. I've had several of those. And they die real fast. And less voting violation by GOP funded and best selling bitch and coder will be investigated. I Palm Beach County State attorney Barry Khritcher's office. Arthur Anderson Palm Beach County's election supervisor said today. He would refer to the accusation that coder voted knowingly in the wrong prison. February 7th in the town of Palm Beach, election of the state attorney within 48 hours. Anderson said that coder since the allegations are mismade ever to distract and that heard focus on the process regarding this complaint. I did express my frustration of the state attorney to recent meeting and warn him. I mean, he'd be services Anderson said. Ironically, Anderson said that coder's voting rights would not be recited for next week's election. Anderson has been investigating whether coder voted legally in February in the municipal election Palm Beach. Registration shows an address that is not hers. Cover may have passed a ballot in the wrong precinct because he registered at the address of a reelter instead of a homestead. Cover owns a home on C.B.S. Avenue, worth a avenue. Yet she claimed an official election documents to be living at the Indian River home road of real-der-susant Frisbee, which Frisbee denied. While one of she likes to toss the Frisbee around. Interly coder's lawyer said she'd apply the strike received by his avenue address from records. The Florida statute show very narrow reasons to have an address he raised from records. These include people in law enforcement, corrections, judiciary, revenue collections, and code enforcement. They will also provide hard to get exemptions for the victims of domestic violence aggravated stalking. One thing we have to say to Anne Cobra, okay? Listen carefully, Anne. You're good. You're flat. You're worse. What other than Anne? 158. That's number I met, Paul. We're going for 1300 days. We can do it. All we're still over 26 percent on. I hate this poll because it's picking on men. Men are perfect. Why don't we put that on there? Men are perfect. We should. Yeah. I mean, we got nothing. They're great. We got 73 for that already. But nothing there. They're perfect. Would be good. And internally, we see radio networks memo obtained by media matters from America, originally from a listener to the Peter B. Collins. And we have a lot of people who are not active on Arab-American radio affiliates. I think like that, a blacklist. According to the memo, the advertisers insist that none of their commercials are during Arab-American programming. Among the advertisers listed our bank of America, ExxonMobile, federal express, General Electric, McDonald's, Microsoft, the US Navy, and your favorite Walbert Wal-Mart. How do you like that? Sound our website. Take a look at it. If you see me, Rogers.com from here on in, you're going to see thousands of stories on there every day. Mitch, don't commit to me. It's all George there. It's all George. It shouldn't be right there. Show me how to mess up your life. That's what he was hoping for. No, I see. Because remember the days when I used to be on vacation, George would seem like 100 stories in a day. Right. Until we've bits of mouth about it. Until we out of them. I still do. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. Why? Because that's how many I found. If I sent Josh all the stories that I thought might be of interest to somebody that I find every day, we'd have like three. He'd never have time to even do a dump. Or he's got a laptop with a wireless connection. That's true. It could be doing them in there. Let's see if there's anything here on the Fudge Report. Let's see if Ms. Fudge came out of the closet. We'd be pretty much not allowed yet. Come on out wherever you are. Sweetheart. You silly goose. Silly person. He's not just gay. He's a silly goose. You know what I mean by that? Yeah, I don't even. Anyway, here's a website. Wings of justice. Where the hell did I find this? Michael Z. Fox. It was Ernest Hemingway who said that courage is grace under pressure and Keith Oberman paid homage to Michael Z. Fox for his compartment after he was savagely attacked by a right-wing radio hustler. Oh, this is on BuzzFly. This week's reader who nominated Fox for the BuzzFly's Wings of Justice Award felt likewise. For putting himself on the front line and advocating for stem cell research and the most published style and apparently most dangerous as well. For responding to the horrific barbaric attacks on him by the vice-limba with dignity and grace. For allowing the public to see the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and illness that attacks so many he's supports and has others to support candidates who care about the quality of life for others and not just themselves. For being true to himself and true to his fellow human beings despite the rush limboza the world. Let the limboza the world enjoy their hedonistic six trips to the Dominican Republic and their legal medications. Nobility of the spirit is not measured by the death of one's of the gravity. It's derived from the compassion one's inner soul. In that spirit, BuzzFast is proud to win our Michael J. Fox, with this week's wins of justice award, where others only know how to dispense hate he offers hope. I know like that that's kind of neat. And I want to leave BuzzFast readers which are nobody cares who he is. GOP staff assaults constituent for asking questions. How do you like that? Hmm. In a turn to events such shocking even by Republican Senator J. Virginia man has been assaulted by the campaign staff of GOP Senatorial candidate George Felix don't call him a talk about what's Allen. For asking questions that a campaigner parent said they found unacceptable. Mike Stark, a Thursday or law student at the University of Virginia resident of Virginia and a former Marine, was wrestled with a ground by Macauphal Witch's staff when he tried to ask to Republican Senator questions about his mysterious arrest record. Video from a local TV statement shows a peaceful start surrounded by at least four people wearing Allen stickers. And despite surely no resistance around the store does attackers being pushed several times, grabbed around the neck and a headlock and threw under the ground in a large plate glass window, narrowly escaping serious harm. This is how the Macauphal Witch campaign is striking back. Now, lovely. What they're fists. And the good news is that Jim Webb was a what was a three or four point I think four points ahead. The latest full this morning in Virginia. I had a Senator Macauphal Witch. The US intelligence community yesterday unveiled its own secret version of Wikipedia saying the popular online and cyclical video format known for its openness is key to the future of American espionage. The office of US intelligence Zarris John Negropante, the butchered Honduras, announced in Telapudia, which allows intelligence analysts other officials to collaboratively add an edited content. And the government's classified intel link web, much like it's more famous in the same sake in the world wide web. A top secret intel of previous system currently available to the 16 agencies that make up the top US intelligence community has grown a more than 208,000 pages and 3600 registered users since its introduction April 17. Let's restrict the versions exist for secret and sensitive but on classified material. The system is also available to the TSA and actual laboratories. And Telapudia is clearly being used to assemble a major intelligence report known as the National Intelligence estimate on Nigeria, as well as the State Department's annual country reports on terrorism. Some they'd also be the path intelligence official, State of British, the president's daily intelligence briefing. And Telas is briefing for this president is a kind of like a little bit waste of time. But the system which makes that available to thousands of users who would not see it otherwise has also stood in crimes about potential security lives, installing recent media leak of the National Intelligence System and caused a political uproar by identifying Iraq as they contributed to the growth of global terrorism. We're taking a risk, and now it's Michael Worthheimer, the intelligence community's chief technical officer. There's a risk it's going to show up in the media that it'll be leaked. There's always a risk when you take a leak. And Telas official said the format is perfect for assuring information between agencies. A centerpiece of the reform of the SACS-Metal established in the Pondies Office as National Intelligence Director after the 9-11 attacks. They also said it could lead to more accurate intelligence reports because it's just to allow the wider range of officials to scrutinize material and keeps a complete permanent record of individual contributions to putting the sending points of view. That might help avoid areas of the kind of literally widely criticized 2002 National Intelligence System that said, Saddam Hussein possessed large stockpiles of weapons and mass destruction. Telas officials are so enthusiastic about it. He told me they'd find him right and I says to Britain, Australia, and Canada, they don't trust our drugs, maybe, but they trust they want because even harforsing. Bush Jr. Bush light. We got one vote for nothing they're perfect. Metathetic. Men are perfect. Perfect. Yes. What's the worst thing about men? I hate this pool. 326.1% and alarming number because you're taking it personal. That's okay. If there's anything worse than having four skin and seven thin skin, you know, and what have you had to have four skin? Oh, I wouldn't know. What if he had four thick skin? But, I think, but I hate this pool. 306. Obsession with scores 158. Their slabs 127. They lie like hell 104. And fidelity 103. There are too many of them 98 in considerate 92. Nothing. They're great. Men are great 75. I would agree. Certain ones are. They rape 68. They can't commit 28. They're humble full-mic 11. They're perfect. Men are perfect. Just ask them. Solomon Tegnos. The biggest name. So, this challenge. Like scholars, we all rush for score radio 560. You can. I am bonus, Patronov. Since viewers need to ask one Natasha and I know that half of the low-pour motion square instead we listen to. The new Roger Sparrer and Valence went to two hours. I'm going to summon both of you. I'm going to summon both of you. I'm going to do my civic duty. Because when a selection means everything to me, you have a five-year-old of the people that's the mall that we sit. The news races to close the call. They call them. They're in no cure for election day. Okay, QM Sports Time is one o'clock. It's our big one or two. I've got Mad Dog at two. And then what is it we got? We got the Humphors in. Oh, that's right. I guess Mad Dog is going to be doing so for the fire. We don't know. When you look at the schedule, you can't make hands or tails of it. That's because Karen says doing it. The Humphors in Louisville for the of readers cup. If there's a big host race going on the Humphors area, you can be sure that. Five to seven is Hank and Louisville. And then we got all that hurricane crap. Any can't tend to die. Nothing's up there. There are things that are five and three that actually lost three games already. Are they playing again this weekend? Yeah, number 23 ranked court for genie tech. All Virginia tech that made five and four. It sounds like to me. Wow, wouldn't that be best five and four? I bet you, I bet you they tear the orange bull down if that happens. Is this going to be a home game? Yes, it is. No, man. Police are on the lookout for man dubbed the foot fetish fiend. I wonder if he knows George for George also has a foot fetish. Right. Why do you, you're obsessed with feet? I will say that. You're saying about, why do you always have known this things about people's feet? I don't look at feet. Okay. I bet you would. Well, they had really bizarre feet. Yeah, all that's the point. Oh. The Britain reportedly rendered a steward home and looked at women's big left toe as she slept early suddenly and nine her block of dicks. He laid in steward early Sunday. According to a police report, he looked her big left toe. The star of a woman woke her husband who chased his suspect. He described his evolved black man about six foot two from the house of down the street. The suspect was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt. White shorts and white shoes according to report. Investigators asked anyone would inform me about this. This is a contact. Yeah, they're trying to close the crime stop. It's all the way. You're like a baton. You wait. He just likes your toe. Yeah, that's wrong with that. Maybe he knew Cecil. Maybe knew Cecil Collins. Cecil the diesel. We got 117 votes on the pool. I think we're going to need to 13. I even close. Are we? Oh, Sean. Huh? Because of that bad pole idea. No, well, they don't like it. Sorry, Sean. They don't like your pool. They don't like the one we had to chance to, you know, bitch about women. But the one about men, they don't like that at all. They can't handle it. Pretty depressed. It's like a 180. 118, the WHA and Rochester Board talk about a really boring station. Wow. Marine Dowards got a comb of day haunted by the past. I bet you want to hear what Marine the Queen asked to say. Don't you? Yes, I kind of sure thank God. I don't want to get like long winded this story, you know? Whatever that means. What does that mean? Means what I really want to do is get over here and just flip out about 60 stories real quick. So Josh has something to do all day. Many Republicans have been tit cutting about the author of the audacity of hope having the audacity to hope. I think people might want a little more experience than I give him the nature of times we live in big taint told Sean Hannity. Charles Crowell, a crowd hammer wrote that to him by Senator Barack Obama's terms he couldn't win in 08. The reason is 911. The country will simply not let the novice in wartime. But if there's one thing WHA and Cruz be on a shadow about it is this, experience like affectations can be dangerous. They will fill up history, both for all the myopic misjudgment made by a war console. But a couple of centuries experience wonders that undermine America's security integrity, wrecked Iraq, loose Osama, and made the world more dangerous. Those under President's dream team of foreign policy advisors were haunted not strengthened by the years of past service and top jobs. When they got the chance to win the country again under W. I'll never want to do this finish on finish business. Misapplying old ideas to new crises like those who sabotage new romances with baggage from old relationships. On his initial tour was defense secretary for Gerald Ford, Rommie felt that it'd be a non-watergate and then to make Carter Rodtimper of his opportunity to reign in the military brass who always were imputed enough to have opinions about the military. The German-Dubanish America's post-vietnam fears about using force he ended up creating another Vietnam that spurred more tears about using force. As Bush's 41 defense secretary Mr. Cheney prepared the 92 defense planning guidance trap with the Zays Paul Wolfowitz in Scooter Libby. It called for a swaggering world domination in the wake of the Cold War, a certain that America should intervene to stop any countries allies or foes from challenging its supremacy. A decade later, with a more Jezune Bush's president and more Jittery post-9 level in America, Cheney and company brought back the loony plan and renamed it to Bush doctrine. Vice and Rommie corroded the constitution by using the terrorist attack as a pretext to correct the past. As for the administration big shots they fell in masculinity by the post-votigate reforms, three decades later they saw a chance to shoot some steroids into executive branch powers. Kange Rice had been a Russia expert in popping bushes White House, so she and the older Cold War is like Rommie and Cheney readily saw the red menace under Eri Rock. Like the experts who failed back in the 60s to see that red chandons over Union were enemies of each other, not friends, they naively assumed that Sodom and Osama were inved together, and at the because they were both bad guys going after one was going after the other. George Tenets experience tracking been lawddened him no good because he was so nervous about being the only Clinton holder where he was overly sick of fatties to W. Assuring a skeptical present that provided Sodom that had had WMDs was a slam dunk. WD led the past that cloud his judgment as well. He went along with Vice and Rommie on evading a rat because he thought it could avenge and won up his father simultaneously. When Sonny is colon tall called him and outs his can of C. and I did not. I asked him if it was scary to run from prison knowing so little about foreign affairs. There will be moments when situations incidents will flare up he replied, blissfully unaware of the configuration to come. He said he could lean into his dad's advises and trust is good about which ones to trust and which ones to kiss off. Yesterday, Senator Obama asked about he sure resume made the same claim that judgment is more important than experience. But he acknowledged that President Bush is given learning on the job a bad name. I mean, Big Tenet and Donald Rommie strought have an awful lot of experience and yet I had to engineer what I think is one of the biggest foreign policy failures in our recent history. He told the Times and Cornbloot. So I would say the two most important things are judgment and vision, well judgment, vision and passion for the American people and what their hopes and dreams are. Those who declaim on the need for Senator Obama to have more experience must forget who's running in the country. It often seems that the most inexperienced person alive is George W. Bush even after six years in Orphus says more in the Queen. That's a girlfriend more in doubt. She's just waiting. I want to see you like her apple pan doubty. What is apple pan doubty? Don't know. Remember shoe fly pie and apple pan doubty? Is that just a stupid thing in the song? Is that actually such a thing? I don't know. Are you feeling like a little doubting about it? Why don't we google it? shoe fly pie and apple pie? Is this silly song? Wasn't it shoe fly pie and apple pan doubty? That's a long, that's an old thing man. What's the name of that song? How to how do I know? Think I'm really bad old. I mean, I'm ancient, but that's an old old, old, old, Google it. I mean, I don't know why. I mean, they're all out there. Think I'm going to stick about it. They don't want to be involved in it. Like a death wish. Well, it's a good food. Here's all these recipes for it. For shoe fly pie? Yeah. Why do you read me that? What is it? Old fashioned shoe fly pie. I don't know. I'm going to go for a picture. I ought to be done loading in an hour. Oh, the name. Appalpand doubty. Peel core and slice eighth. There's a recipe. There are recipes for apple pandote. Huh. It must be a bunch of Southern crap. Recipe for and history of. Oh, I got it. shoe fly pie and apple pandote. I got it. Wow. Now this is something. Might interesting. In fact, I might even have to email this to Josh to get on our website. But I doubt it. My page is still loading. I think he wants you up here. Oh, here it is. Let me just put this baby out. This is exciting. Wait. You talk about an educational show or what, huh? I guarantee. I guarantee a certificate Rosenberg grants to you and talking about shoe fly pineapple pandote. Oh, it's a molasses pie. Oh, I like that. Let's talk about Mary James again. I'm going to order like bags and bags of that candy and then blame your ass. Hmm. Okay. I'm going to find that candy store. I was going to hear an amount. Oh, yeah. Who's all your money gambling instead? Oh, yeah. What I'd say is just like my mother. There he goes again. Here we go. This is from the web. The shoe fly pineapple pandote. The song by Dinah Shore. Oh, well, the best time I record is in 1946. See how was four years old? What do I know about that? Lately a new generation has been introduced to the Kati Tundra with Susan Poppet or Lexus TV commercial. See, I knew that's why I was going through my head. But unlike their older music lover counterparts, most of the days kids have never had the pleasure eating these two old fashioned desserts that Dinah just couldn't get them off of. shoe fly pies a traditional Pennsylvania Dets dessert brown sugar molasses a shorten. Mama's little baby loves shorten. Shortenings. Shortenings. Salt and spices were all non-perishable ingredients. I think she used to cement too. Don't make sure. She couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack. All non-perishable ingredients that could serve the long-rofen crossing to America made by German immigrants. How do you like that? The pies unusual name is said to be due to the fact that pies were traditionally set to cool on windowsill and due to the sweet ingredients to cook or constantly have to shoe the flies away from the usu car. How do you like that? shoe fly pie. I'll be banged. An apple pan doubty is one of a family of simple desserts known in different parts of the world as cobblers, duffs, duffs. You're fairie. Grunts, slumps, and pan doubty. These desserts have subtle variations but the base of them all is fruit, baked with a sweet biscuit or cake dough on top. And it's got a pitcher right here. Is that what you're looking at? No. Whole bunch of pictures on here. One with gluten cream on it. You smell sirnale with an h on the end. Who? Dinah short. No. With an h on the end. Like Dinah with an h on the end. Oh, would be a dinah yet. Nothing could be fun if they get rid of a dinah yet. Why? You go over there. See the you. You say you're shabby. The exact origin of the name pan doubty is unknown but it's not to be further desserts plain or doubty appearance. See I told you. Let's can be the see the apple pan doubty is delicious. Especially top of the bit of ice cream or whipped cream or both. Mmm. Mmm. As misfoli would say. Mmm. Both of these desserts are super easy to make it when we're reviews from diners. Try something tonight. You didn't guess what to do with it. You didn't guess what to do with it. And he has recipes. Two-fly pie recipe and a bunch of those one for apple pan doubty too. You can serve this dish right out of the pan or invert it into a serving plate like an upside down cake. Warm right room temperature. Top with whipped cream or ice cream or like I said. Better idea. Both. Both. And in like what a cherry on top. Mmm. Am I the only person that ever bought a bottle of Americano cherries? Not necessarily one either. And ate him out of the bottle and drank the sweet cherry juice. I don't know if you're the only one. You ever do that? No. Never ate Marishino cherries out of the bottle? No. Why not? That would never have occurred to me. All of the out of the bottle out of the jar. You eat one? All of the? Yeah, well, something to anybody else. I mean, what's the big deal with that? I guess nothing. 190 votes on the pool. We're not going to make 13 every day. It's a very sad day. I learned my lesson today, man. It's a bad pole picking on the guys. They don't like that. They won't even touch it. They won't touch my pole today. Speak to that. The new ad says that they view a tree 30 today. Will parody an ad accused of race-bading Tennessee Democrat Harold Ford by Gabe Bating R and C Chairman Ken Melman. And if Anne's copy, there's been a quite by raw story. The ad produced by proud of who we are and blogactive is a parody mocking the R and C's Now infamous Colmy ad. That's about what the R and C eventually pulled out of this month. Showed a scandalic kind of white accrociation that Harold Ford at the Playboy party. It ended up with asking the Congressman to call her. The law may Harold. Many analysts believe it was produced to play on racist theories of interracial relationships. Like-complexed black guy, Blond White Chick. This uses the same format to reference Melman's widely rumored homosexuality. Ken Melman. I'm tired of people like Ken Melman using lies and personal attacks and never-to-minimple Elections said blogactive's mic Rogers and a statement to our story. If Ken Melman got the entire mainstream media to give per sezer time and comments as to his race-bading ad, I'm sure they'll have no problem reporting the response. And he added, there's a big difference between Melman's ad and our response. Hours is honest. The parody ad script, young man says Ken Melman makes race-bading ads. Maybe still wants my vote. Is that enough? Woman on the street, Ken Melman did favors for me for convicted to lobby his Jack Abelaw Flas. So what? Me, I think the government's a little too honest. Young man wearing camouflage. Out of my risking my life in Iraq as long as the Bush twins get to party in New York. Minister holding a Bible. Ken Melman's right. I should get my time reach to vote with him and just forget that his friends covered up the fully paid scandal. No man in the tank top. Ken Melman and I went to the inauguration event. We had a great time and we saw President Bush. Young woman, I don't mind having my pocket picked by the big drug companies. They give money to Ken Melman. Man in sunglasses. Ken Melman helped George Bush steal a 2004 election. But what the heck does anybody do that? Title screen. Ken Melman, he's just not straight with Americans. Voice over. Logactive.com and proud of who we are. Hardly approved this parody ad. Young man in tank top again. Ken. Call me. I'm not that few. Yeah. He's outstanding. Of course I haven't seen it yet. You've seen it? No. No. And you won't. Yeah, Charlie won't be seen that. It's a little bit too. Yeah, for the MSM. You know, the people of the light are what's like crazy. 1193 men of Oats are trickling in like one of the time. Okay. They're ought to make a message to me. They're sending a message to what was it? Send a message to who? Joey. Message to Joey. Saza. Oh. That's 1095 Oats are in the pool and 25 point eight percent say I hate this pool. What's the worst thing about men? Perch vo. And I've done this door. Oh my god. This is a shoe flyr pye sound like it. My god. Oh no. Door. Right up to where she was going to start. Belling out a half an ounce of sounds. No. Biggest name. So best. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. The Royal Rogers Force Radio 560 is U.A. Every morning at the Kando and their yellow downtown, and on my way to the Kof , I put them to the Kendo 6100- The Royal Rogers School is a fact and towel has a point that even stars. The Royalchter faculty oh wow wow transform and taught all this ... was a sp underlying T demonstrate transmit respect, seek to prove that the atomic force is storytelling Almost really I said the boys are back in town. Why do you laugh? I got a whole new sport, whole food. I know everything that's going on in that loose. Why I even know all of that new modja rules. I'm here to the giant daddy and I know I ain't no way clearly. But when they drop, my boys will change. One nineteen and five sixty. WCQA. I'm happy Wednesday through the first of November man. It is really just shocking. I don't know what's shocking about it, but it's shocking to me. I think that birthday sounded. That's what's going to be shocking. Yeah. Just enough to be a part of a piece of paper. That's all it is. Okay. This is me a thing. Keep saying that to yourself. I'm lacking the money for state by TV commercials. Speaking of people who are dead in the water. Captain Harris will try to use the second and final debate between her and US Senator Bill Nelson at seven o'clock tonight to convince Lorenz and she should replace him. No chance on it. No. I'll go she's been calling me Nelson and do nothing liberals throughout her campaign. Her first face to face shot in him last week. Lack fireworks. While she was seeing this holding her own against the more policy senator, Harris didn't mount any serious attack. She completed the report is on the panel then asked questions that would show clear distinctions between the candidates such as about taxes immigration and spending. Tonight's debate will be at the University of Central Florida with pasty face Tim Russell and Vc's meet the press moderating pasty face Tim Russell from Buffalo. It'll be broadcast live on NBC affiliates statewide. You're going to be watching Bill Nelson and Canton Harris I sure hope not. You're talking about Josh. No. I'm talking to both of you guys. No. No. Thank you. I sure hope not. You're going to be watching Tristan and his old. I'm going to make a concerted effort. Of course. I got a lot of things to do with my own computer at home. Like what? I was here. You keep screwing up your own computer. That's why you're messing up mine. It's working fine right now. You wait till tomorrow. You wait till the next few days. In fact, I hope Josh can make any big plans for this weekend because wow, you are going to be one busy beaver. I'll tell you that. That damn DVD burden that's given me problems. Keep crashing my unit. Wow. Well, what's going to be using this? Oh, oh, speak to that. What a good segue. I'm just going to go buck it a crap. The federal government knows that's without marriage message. Isn't just for kids anymore. This is from USA that they know less. Now the government is targeting unmarried adults up to age 29 as part of its absence-only programs, which include millions of dollars in federal money that will be available to states under revised federal grant guidelines for 2007. Oh, my god. The government says the changes a clarification by critics say it's a clear signal of more directed policy targeting these sexual behavior of adults. No more hanky spanky, baby. They've stepped over a lot of common sense. M. James Wagner, a presence of advocates for youth, a Washington DC based on profit that supports sex education to be preaching abstinence when 90% of people are having sex is in essence to lose touch with reality. It's an ideological campaign. It has nothing to do with public health. Extendence education programs, which it focused on the change in teens, teach that abstaining from sex is the only effective or acceptable method to prevent pregnancy or disease. They give no instruction on birth control or safe sex. The National Center for Health Statistics says well over 90% of adults ages 20 to 29 have had sexual intercourse. But a way to whore an assistant secretary for children and families at the Department of Health and Human Services said the revision is aimed at 19 to 29 year olds because more unmarried women in 19 to 29. The ages targeted by this latest insanity. And your tax dollars are to work by the way. 19 to 29. What happened hanky spanky, baby? And quit making in babies. 12, 12 under full. We're going to fall just shy at 13. You know what? Who cares? Right. Does it really make a difference? Not to me. Because you can see right from the good code. They turn us like cornered rats when they saw this poll today. Who would all is he? Robert here writes, turning the corner into madness. I'll be for I do that story, God. This is just amazing. And the print is so tiny. If I can read this, I want like a bonus. This is from the New York Post, but it's in a came out for some reason in teeny, teeny, tiny print. A student at Brooklyn High School name for a prominent Jewish indicator faced a blitz creek of trouble yesterday when he . I'll have these Parks. 3. The Back Room and up there. Our Horohawien Honestly. This and in history. As a figure.   in but it's all clear with the hard labor. Avoid taking the total stress and for Halloweeninstead is This being suspended in the day of the summit of Fainat. I can't read it. Excuse me, if you're, can I talk to you for minutes how Petrick, we called the dean Paul Puglia, summoning him out of class. Excuse me, if you're, Puglia, then the legislature, you audio your mind, you idiot, offered him the office, or did him the office with considering yourself my prisoner of war. Petrick said he understood the concerns of administrators that faculty members had lost relatives in the Holocaust, but he maintained the custom was parity protected on his right to expression, if you used to take it off. I figured somebody would say something eventually, but I really do believe that people have right to express themselves as Petrick, and aspiring comedy writer, who counts Mel Brooks weird aliencavict and Maddie Python cast among his idols. His mother and stepfather who is Jewish and lost ancestors in the Nazi genocide, defended Petrick's stance. They rebuffed fleas by the dean who advised their center to remove the costume so he could reach into class. This is a matter of artistic free expression and a school not being stupid said his mother, Diane Petrick Bloom, who packed your son up at Oficterska, whatever she did. Think about Pateco, Pateco, Pateco, Pateco, she picked a Pateco Pateco Pateco Pateco. The dean is offended by a parody of Hitler, and he's acting like Hitler, she said. Petrick's stepfather is Howard Bloom, a journalist whose book, The Lucifer, Principal has been targeted by sensors, who accuse it of being anti Islam, all brother. This family's got problems. No, they don't. Well, they think they don't, but they might. In a city, in Bristol, that's a thought of water being censored, even though he initially was very disturbed by the Halloween get up. If he wanted to advocate my genocide, I wouldn't have allowed the costume boom, said that wasn't a spirit in which he was doing this at all. It was doing it in the spirit of mighty Python and Mel Brooks. He's a comedian man, he's funny, he's a heart attack. Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. Well, I'd say I get very high marks. If you could see, I'm going to pass you this page. OK, so you can see our tiny discrendist. In fact, you know, when you go to the eye doctor, you get your eye, I say him. OK, and they have the chart that's got like the big, big, like the other top that you have to be like a blind man, not to say. And then descendingly, his e-slime is a smaller and smaller. Wait for me to see this. OK, you're going to say, oh my god, you old man ain't croaking yet. I can see it. I got news for it. When I see something good, I see it real good. 26 past one, a QA. The 50th name is of the best challenge. The 50th name is of the best challenge. The 50th name is of the best challenge for the future. The 4th video, 560. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. What? The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 55th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. The 60th. The 50th. The 50th. The 50th. Now. The 60th. The 60th. Okay. that to me wireless your sperm will stop working for you. 31 we have 1224 votes in a pool. That's kind of weak. Not bad. Kind of weak. Now did you look at that story? Yeah, it's microscopic. Right. Now can you raise that actually was able to read that without funding too much? Even with my micro-nary magnivisions I couldn't read this. That's right. Here's another one with small print all-or-jaganic compared to that one. Also from the same Washington Post representative Charles Ragdlyus, they blasted the titanium called a massacenabibitch. Back to the vice president said the Harlem lawmaker would raise taxes and destroy the economy if Democrats take control of the house. The bitter war boards escalated to the plot where the bombastic wrangle even questioned whether the tightly wound Qing needed to be professional treatment and mocked him for accidentally shooting his honey buddy earlier this year. Qing he fired the first shell when he predicted it to wrangle whose poison cheer the powerful houseways and means committee of Democrats sees the house next week. Wouldn't continue a single one and then this is chopped off. Even gotten a major hit-sing on Fox News channels, Charlie does not understand how the economy works. Many of Bush's 2000s won tax cuts have said to expire in 2011, meaning rates would jump back up again boosting taxes by well over $20, almost Congress acts to continue the cuts. So if a man like Charlie Ragdlyus would be chairman of the committee and sitting there with a gavel, all he has to do is not act, just don't call up the legislation that will be a big tax increase, Qing he said. The vice president's thinking comments were dazed in the series of White House statements intended to raise fears about Rangle as well as other prominent Democrats as the way to commit voters to stop them from taking over the house. Contacted by the Postal Response Wrangle unloaded. He's such a real son of a bitch he just enjoys a confrontation wranglefume describing himself as warm and personable. Wrangle said Qing he may need to go to rehab for whatever personnel and the deficit he may have suffered when he have those sorts of problems who are supposed to seek help wrangle advice he ignores that he has problems with his communication. How do you like that? Big Cheney, son of a bitch. I think he's being very kind, Jentil and Gentile. Robert Chair writes, turning in the court in the madness. He says that dire predictions President Bush is making about cutting and running from a rack are almost identical to the horrifically inaccurate ones. President Johnson and Nixon made about Vietnam. Every time I hear President Bush waiting against those who would cut and run into rack instead of pursuing victory, he sees us almost daily. I think that the similar claims being made for the Vietnam to buckle when I reported it from Saigon in the mid-60s. Back then the U.S. troop presence was lower and casualties fewer than now in Iraq, but the carnage on all sides would escalate for the next decade as we waited miserably for the corner to be turned. Then as now calls for setting the time table for normally withdrawal or rejected as involving our enemy to attack America. Instead of a dignified withdrawal we plunge every deeper into the Quagmar, leaving 59,000 troops and 3.4 million Indo-Chinese dead as tribute to our stupidity. Finally there was nothing in do but cutting run in the most equal many expansion. With our U.S. personnel being lifted by helicopter from Rufsner our embassy, it seemed like a low point for U.S. influence and there were dire predictions of communism with global dominance, just as there's the rest of the day for Islamophacist Bookie Man, the President of the Sea's De Pawn. Those predictions however proved dead wrong. Tom Asm did not advance as a worldwide force after our defeat in Vietnam. On the contrary, a victorious communist run via Nomsum went to war with the China-back communist of Cambodia, overthrowing Paul Pock's evil-comer Rouge and with Communist China itself in a bloody border war. Today, communist Vietnam is still battling communist China, but now it is for shell space in Wal-Mart and Costco. The U.S. name was, spending itself silly under the half-let'sly responsible President Bush, and not dependent on China to both carry its death and contain communist North Korea's nuclear threat. So why accept the President's true insistence that U.S. withdrawal from Morocco be a disaster? Surely our departure would compel Iraq's neighbors in Iran, Syria, and Jordan, to get serious about calling the Civil War that they have abetted and which in the absence of U.S. occupation would threaten to breach Iraq's borders. Why not assume is turned out to be the case with Vietnam that the Iraqis are best qualified to make their own history? The astounding arrogance that underwrites Bush's mug determination to keep killing and meaning tens, perhaps hundreds or thousands of people, is no different than that of President Johnson and Nixon. Both knew the war was afraid of, but to determine the state, of course, were a decade out of a misguided belief in protecting an image of American fallibility that was paired with shameful political motives. Now as in Vietnam, our arrogance has created disaster in Iraq. Our soldiers continued to kill and die and enormous cost of the West taxpayers and an international influence at moral standing. But the causes already lost, doomed by the ignorance lies, and bad faith that launched it. Astonishingly, considering our history in the States, our leaders showed not to slide this interest in understanding the first nationalism and deep religious divisions that have marked the Middle East since long before the West existed as a nation. And thus we've repeatedly decisive, fully of Vietnam, where our experts ignored a thousand year history of Chinese occupation, and assuming that a fierce nationalist-to-cheam man was a puppet of massaged and red Beijing. This time we're led by a false warrior who insists on playing the civil in ignoring his prestigious education and enduring yield, and favor what he presumes are the prejudices of middle America. Or is this giving Bush the center of President too much credit? After all we know from the various insider memoirs, and Bush was unaware that Islam is roughly divided into two rival sects, Sunni and Shiite, while just last week he was early announced that our Iraq policy had never been stated. Of course, as if he was unaware of the invention of video recording near equipment that captured him saying that countless times. Whatever your call that is approached is a shan and a disaster. It's long past time Black-Priedmatic Real-Politic find a patchwork solution that the region and Iraqis can accept peacefully. That's the expected advice from Bush family, considering our intravenous junior James Baker, and his Iraq steady group wishes to report soon after the election. Truly frightening on this day of the dead, though, is that Bush probably won't listen to reason unless the voters first soundly repudiate him in the next way. Which we can only pray will have soundly and thoroughly and resoundingly. We'll see. We'll see what it takes to get the American people pissed off and fired up, you know? 123 votes on a poll is all we got. That's, you know, back in the day we just said, hey, that's a lot of votes, you know? One to once upon a time, right America? But now we're spoiled, you know? 14, 15, 100 routinely, just massive numbers of votes on there. And what does it mean? Nothing. Is it any zeros for our patrons? No. I mean, you just asked me. Just a crap. It says, whatever happened to speeches like the below when politicians actually had something meaningful and believable to say, they just wondering, who's this quoting? O.J. F.K. Well, please, please still this. Don't mess with a system, baby, because the system will mess you up big time. Several people were in bed just in my lifetime. 138, 22 till 2 at Q. And what get back to the importance of sports in a course last night? The buckle with the heat. Oh my God. What's the final score? 800 to 1? Wow. And whether they made the free throw though. Experienced the difference that Mercedes-Benz of Pompano man, don't forget that Mercedes-Benz of Pompano does matter what time it comes to purchase a vehicle because you always get a spectacular and unbeatable deal. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedan, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV, or their lunchbox in Certified Pre-owned cars, you always get a fantastic deal. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, you'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing comparable service for you too. They are free with Express Loub, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washes too. Make an appointment through our business development center and you can even earn tea their miles just like frequent flyer miles with your airline. Vowers Mercedes-Benz of Pompano is in the Respo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or just go to their website, vends.com. B-E-N-Z. Experienced the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, they were at I-95 and Hopens Road Column at 1-800-New Benz and E-W-B-E-N-Z. That's 1-800-New Benz former Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. Mercedes-Benz is like no other in the history of our lives. The biggest name of stuff, best ever business, is the Euro-Rotters Force Radio 560-U.A.M. Just it out. Deep and the jungles of the Amazon live something so large, so amazing, so wasted. It can't be held caprived in a Zip-Law sandwich bag. J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J N-Ahh, Dron Hiss,LP, Dino, Dino, Dino, , U, S.I still have the Angin acknowledging Z, H slicin' T-T-I ah, N.E, Z, A, N.A, Leaven, Basqa, West and Z, Aplyas, P-D, Dino, Dino, 42, Plato, U, Bl, T, N, P, F, X, P, elbow Four, dialect, D,iah, B, C, F, P, E, Sudan, E, Pacific C, X, X, Op, P, C, D, T,EMF, Saturday, aren't you? Not. Yeah, I'm going for the number one of horse. New Orleans has quoted back Drew Breeze, who's got a breeze between his knees, has asked his mother to stop using his picture and TV commercials, telling her candidacy for a Texas appeal score. How do you like that? Excellent. He wants his quarterback. And commercials running on Austin stations, Mina Breeze, Mina. The only other ten in my life I ever heard that name. And maybe I'm pretty sure I was, am I in a, was in Dracula. Remember Mina? Sure. Mina. He said, he said, he said, he didn't answer. I think the major point here is that my mother is using me in the campaign. I've made it no many times that I want to be involved, Drew Breeze said, I'm on day. Boy, he and mama, sir, and like they're at odds with each other. Nothing worse than having like issues with the mama. Yeah, there's lots worse. What, that she's still alive? Oh, yeah. Breeze, in Austin, in turn he is running as a Democrat for a spot on Texas, third court of appeals. She said replacement commercials that I don't mention of her summer take last week and sent the stations on Friday. She said he didn't anticipate upsetting her son and everything in the end was true. She said her connection to football is relevant to her campaign because her father is successful high school coach. He was sports to teach her a strong work ethic that she'd bring to the judicial bench. Drew Breeze won a state football championship with Westlight High School in suburban Austin. City got no response to him. He's not the only first heard about the ads and called her to ask if she stopped using them. His agent sent her letter by October 20th threatening legal action. All right, he called his relationship with his mother non-existent after it crumbled six years ago when he refused to hire her as his agent. I see said the dumb man. Meena Breeze said her son's allegations were a mischaracterization and that she had no intention of becoming a agent. I loved her very much and I'm very proud of him, but sometimes when people are following a career path, they change. She said, she wants her peace. She wants her cut. Okay. Yeah. Meena Breeze said she didn't receive any messages asking her to exclude a son from her campaign. Jill Fred, where sales director of her KVU, we television said the situation we see the new version of Meena Breeze commercially Friday, the old version of stop running Sunday, the new one's kids will begin yesterday. Meena Breeze is challenging and come up with public injustice, David per year and next week's election, the appeal score review of civil and criminal cases from 24 counties in central and West Texas. How do you like that? Yamama, she wanted to be the agent. I'm sure how to qualify. I know that about that. The missing American soldiers, then the subgroup, have an intensive manhood in the capital of Baghdad since being kidnapped by gunmen outside the heavily protected greens over last week, was that the time visiting an Iraqi woman whom he had secretly married three months ago was in law set. How do you like that? A little hanky spanky. Oh, yeah. They identified the soldiers, Osmaid Kusai Al-Tai, 41, and so a visitor is a winning photo of him and his new bride, Isra Abdul Satar, 26, Colis Dume as well as pictures of a couple of Egypt found their honeymoon. See, the pyramids along. I would have to do pre-is you belong to me. Wow. What a memory. I bet you got that. The do pre-is you belong to me. If you had done, assure and shoe fly pie. I mean, I can't, I'm where, where did you find that? Where, where, can you possibly help them? There's the, uh, do pre-is like I say. I'm that's where we're, man. That's another one here. One, do I do one? Check in, I can't show the moon. What means? Sure. Thanks again for all fall down, check in. I've watched this night. Please, I love you every second. And I'm saying, what do you say now? You chapped it off right before they were going to like the one when we got to the post. See the pyramids. That's your turn. Oh, no, no, no. Let me just quote a very famous philosopher that we once knew not too many years ago, a few years ago, not like the last week. Let me just quote one guy. You'll Rogers, gooo! George Rameek is no good. You're a good buddy. 249 votes on the pool. You know, I thought I really pushed it in, you know, I was trying to tell you how, I had a fit. We could have made 1300 by one o'clock, by one o'clock, by one o'clock. What time is it now? Or three o'clock already daylight time. Now, you adjusted this or what? Oh, we're always pitching about the time the week switching time. I was thinking yesterday, I don't know. You know, I have a sick mind as you well know. Yeah. I was thinking, wouldn't it be fun if we like just a square everybody has a lot of dumb people out there? Or what is it? Spring back and that, oh, what is it? I changed it every few weeks, you know? Like six, seven times a year. Just kept changing the time, just to miss them. I wouldn't put a past them. If it was, I'm not only all my clothes on right now, but even my shoes on, my new balance shoes. I just said it about that. I have them wearing my new walking shoes. Yeah, me too. See, because one thing where you sit in at that machine, and you'd drink a lot of that diet, so you know, gotta keep visiting the tea room every now and then. That's a little bit. So you put the cup under my sheen mind, and maybe you're cold on your chair because otherwise, somebody will come along and steal whatever credits you got in there. And then you go into the tea room for the pee room. Or you could take an extra cup with you, and then you wouldn't have to get, I'll be a good idea. And then pour it into my sheen mind, if it's started with, this is what I'm going to say. So I'm going to go and grab some. Don't forget, start drinking a lot of red wine. And not. Or not. Anyway, nobody cares about the shagging. Mery, do you care about it? I sure don't. No. He was 41, at least they weren't like between 19 and 29. She was. She was like 26. So hopefully they'll abstain until they, although they are retired than not. They can do it once you twice a year. That's what our government says. See, this is, this is Republican Party, man. They want small government. They want government out of your bedroom. I don't want you like, right? Right. They want to tell you air, be stinkin' thing to do. And of course, then why don't we turn your wall and grab all your money, too? Test cut for the rich though. That's good. Oh, for me. What's the worst thing about man? That's our poll day went over like a pregnant poll of all of them and a hot July day, man. Not big. They don't like it. They take it as a, most people are able to, whether they're own kind, whether it's sex, gender, whether it's religion, or yeah. Ethnicity. And we like, if we did a poll, it says, who's more bigoted, men are women? Right. Well, how do you think of it come out with this audience? You know, since we got a poor women out there? Yeah, I know. Good guess. Who's more annoying, men are women? Women are women? Women? No matter what. Who would ask, the women always come up with a short end of the stick if you haven't noticed. Not unless they get a good eyesight. Well, I've seen some movies. What's the worst thing about men? 251 votes. Oh, we easy could have got orders around Marciano one. No, CNL, the queens are all whipped up about her. And I think that's the only thing that's a good idea. I hate this poll. 323. That's a full 25. I don't think we've ever had a poll where I hate this poll as they'd leaving responses. I don't think so. I don't think so. How do you like that? Let's hear it. Pardon these poll. Let's hear it for Chris Jones, our sales manager, who ran into George and the holiday state. I'm sure was the next to them. Yeah. What was the guy before him? What was his name? Curtis. Curtis is three while whatever his name was. Curtis Limball. And remember that day that I was doing the show down there and I ran into him in a hallway on the way out. He didn't expect to see me. The door opened and he and I like how that passing in the night encounter kind of thing. Looked to me like he just seemed to go to Chris miss past future and prison. I mean, you know, why did the sales manager say to you like poison you? Because I tell the truth. Because they're full of crap. And they play games. They play games just to, you know, so they make themselves look good. It is much guling on you as possible. Without like really caring about, you know, the people are just spending all of that hard and money stuff like that. And we hired somebody to do copies. Anybody seen this guy you told me. I saw the credit across the hall here. Well, what does he do in there? He's showing right in any copy. I mean, type in on the computer. He's right in lots of copy. I guess. He's probably right in emails. He's probably right in, you know, he's probably right in, you know, he's got some of the paid. He's a big fan, by the way, for what it's worth. I'm doing it. Like I said, good guy. Well, this guy's a big fan. I mean, that he's getting any copy for this show. He's not that side of his fault. That's the sales hole. Exactly. He's not going to go in and just start right in copy all on his own. Well, just do it, man. Just start making a bunch of stuff up. When they start writing the sliders to their, open up the yellow pages of the phone. They're going to start writing copy for a concert on your on you. Worst thing about men of session with sports 1 67. I hate this full like I said, 327. Far in a way leading. There's slabs, 141. In fidelity, 109. There are too many of them. That was your just thing. 108. He don't like the competition. Right. They lie like hell, 107. But that's for damn sure. In consideration of 93, nothing. They're great. Men are great. 83. Especially certain ones I can think of. They rake 71. That's George's wife. Obviously, he's had a difficult time in her life. They can't commit 302. They're homophobic 13. They want to look at you and go, you're fair like that. Even if you're not. And nothing, they're perfect. 11 out of 12 62. 11. I mean, you talk about having a lot. It's just anybody who would vote nothing is wrong with men. They're perfect. Boy, does he have a lot of cuts? I don't know. How we can say about them, isn't it? Yeah. That is a shocker. So I got my shoes on now and I think I'm going to go win the. I'm going to play the, what do they call that thing? Where's the, all the, all the casinos have it. Megabucks. Oh, I think the jackpot's about 2.6 million. Well, that isn't going to do it. Although a lot or 90 is 15 million. You see how stupid we are. You know, I'm talking about myself. I'm admitting. You got a challenge chance of winning the lot. But at least if you do win it, it's enough to, you know, really change your life. And you sit down to the slot machine with a progressive jackpot is like, you know, 160, 6000 like we look fortune. And you know, you're not going to win it. But even if you did, is that going to change my life on 160 six grand? You think? I don't know. It would change, right? You think it would change Josh's life. I'm here 160, 6000 dollars. Wouldn't have to have that roommate. Wouldn't have to keep changing apartments like some people change their underwear every five minutes. That's true. Now, you moved out because you're getting a cheaper place. Is that it? I'll say the little, not really much. So what was the motivating factor? He owns the place. So no first last security. So now, was it was financial again? Because they're not paying you enough even talk about because you're a Schleffer. And was it financial thing? It always is, man. Well, there you go. Let's take up a collection. Let's have Josh himself stand on the street corner with a big bucket. If it's good enough for our what's his name out there with our homeless voice. What's his name again? Sean Canary. Sean Canary. Canony. Canony. If it's good enough for him, it's good enough for Josh. The 50's name. So the best challenge for the basis. The real rock truss. For Shwedeel 560. And. Oh, how wrong. If a deal with a Kim Jong-il. So people are weary of to act as a nuclear weapon. Resting out what a do-it's a vacation body. So I'm gonna have a no-curse up. And many reasons we get everywhere. Remember today. I'm starting. Sean. Sean. So, Sean. My beard. Please, they act. My arm. A part of me. A brim floss. When every arm I let me give sure that. I was too proud. Hey, I'm a brim tool. Look inside of my grass. Seriously. I'm sorry. So we're alright. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.