Alright, this is time to go north. Alright, things up there, Neil. Well, that was a quick switch, holy crap. What just happened there? I don't know. Dr. I said, switchin' and I just say here you, well, I'll see you and I have to listen to any commercial. That's good. So, things here are just beautiful, man. It's sunny. It's gonna be 72 today. The pigeons are dropping big loads on my patio out here. It's beautiful. It's already like summer here. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. It's like the 788th of the time of the human humidity here. Just a lot of sunshine. Beautiful day. Two hours of a day to be in here. I need to be hidden down the road. You know where? What are you laughing about? 6,079, the 11th of the Marlins debacle last night. 10 to 2. Just getting spanked by the Braves. And you know, there's supposedly all these Braves fans. So, that means if they're actually we're about 3,000 people in the joint, probably a thousand and more Braves fans. Let's get a say. They must have been counting arms and legs. Yeah, and of course the all the ushers and umpires, coaches, players, broadcasters, yeah, such as they are. The 80s. And 79, half pathetic. Well, the Aggies had a face Josh Beckett last night. That was the game that interested me. The Red Sox at New York and the Red Sox, the bomb the Aggies. Good. Excellent. Yep. And Beckett when I had an easy time of it. You look at the guys who used to play for the Marlins. Alex Gonzalez had a home run last night. Mike Lowell's sitting 340 this year for the Red Sox. Yeah. He was like me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. If 아니�'s don't lie, let me just tell you this man you ain't got any. You keep having a joke I've so here's what I want to talk about. I was stone for time digging through my pile. Wow, I was digging. I should've played this. That's fast. That's. That's Jim B. That's really good to claps at them. Wow. What's Neil Young? Oh you just begin? That's a tremendous new album. Right. Yeah. test if somebody back wants to play for the Toronto Argos of the Canadian Football League. The NFL's is better William than we know that. The CFL has no formal drug testing policy but Toronto President Keith Pelley said the team could connect its own test if the office is not willing to play for the Argos. They say okay go ahead and you know they're going to decide by the end of the week or guess. Do you have any info on that? Just that. Any inside dope? Oops sorry. They'll probably let him go up there and play. See because one thing that the it is absolutely crucial that before we would proceed with Ricky Williams he's prepared to be absolutely clean and more importantly educate the youth of Toronto to say no to drugs Pelley said if he's not prepared to do that we would not sign him even if he was prepared to play for free. Now see that's one of the things the Argos is. He's playing for free. 150,000 Canadian. Yeah that's what he's going to get. Well if he don't want to do a no drugs and educate the youth of Toronto against drugs which he could just go out on the streets of the city and say hey we'll put that thing out you know. Is this smoking at all over the place here? This would not be a good environment for him. Tell Ricky a story is say sin a drug pre-place like Miami. Oh yeah where you'll be safe. Let's face it man. It got along's in Jamaica or somewhere you like smoking a big fat one and that's just to the way it is. He's not going to stop. Just ask George he'll tell you he's not going to stop. He's not going to stop for a lover money man. Certainly not for 150 G's Canadian. That's all I'll be honest with you. Let me take a look now. I may walk out of here now if I see the wrong number because it's getting pretty scary. Thank you Mr. President for low gas prices and for that crappy American dollar. Oh my god it's just killing me. I totally this I think when I first came up here four years ago they Canadian dollars were only 62 cents against the US dollar 62 cents. What it's so made everything it tremendous bargain for me including my rent and everything. And now let me just take a look at what's 90 and a half cents is the other day. The year old which was 117 about two weeks ago is now 128 against the dollar. So that's like making a big comeback. The pound which was about one seventy something is now one eighty sixty market dollars. Oh no. Uh oh. 88 almost 91 cent. The Canadian dollar has been a strong in years and years and years and years. Oh I pretty soon it'll be even Steven. So that means if he loses a grand it would buy any way to lose a grand. Yes. As opposed to like six hundred twenty bucks even if you find a good machine man. Boy that is bad. brutal. So anyway Joe Bell got to everybody's a deal done. There we got the Josh all wrapped up and Georgia's contract and he was only this morning. Ha ha ha ha ha doing this counter-ting. In fact he said something I've heard so many times before it's not important that we succeed but that the guys across the street fail have a time as if he heard that they're obsessed. They have enough session. Yes, somebody's got to get you in fact I'm sure George still has the copy you've had a church. Yeah I got the original. Yeah. You know you got the original George will pass it on to you from Ocean Drive magazine. The people who make Miami beats patrol. Here's a picture of Joe eyes. I guess he's riding Harley or something like it. The pictures too dark. Is there a reason? No he's riding something sort of rail. Always on a rail. I can tell you. I see. I didn't realize that. I thought he was riding a Harley or something. I can't. This is so dark. He just barely made anything up. And a Joe find we're finding the ticket of South Florida radio success success. Written by. Written by a real bozzette. Susie Buckley whoever she is. I guarantee she ain't no William F. Buckley. She quotes him as saying. I don't know if she goes around to say the station is official home of the dolphins with exclusive radio broadcast rights to their games. She didn't mention that the lost three and a half million dollars the first year. And a roster of regular programs hosted by some of the most recognizable names in Florida sports including Joe Rose, Dan Lamar, St. O'Day McDeffy and Sid Rosenberg. Is he Sid Rosenberg one of the most recognizable names in South Florida sports? Oh this is so stupid. It's a press release. Yeah that's exactly right. Only then we also got a copy of a letter that Susie wrote to Joe. I don't know where you got this by hook or by crook. If you says Joe, I really appreciate your taking time for the interview as you know we didn't have space around all the just the facts that we did. I thought you might like to have a copy to keep. And so here's some of the questions she asked that they didn't get in the article. Ocean Drive if you have 20 minutes to defend with any person who would it be. Joe find her says my daddy on Friday when I can't meet payroll. You must be getting. Listen, Ocean Drive is the one thing people say about you really ticks you off. You can't get a call. I hit it when people say I was handed everything. Actually I've never been handed anything. It's all direct to positive. Ha ha, Joel last. Yes, perfect qualk applications to run a baseball team. Ocean Drive, one thing about you that would shock your friends. Joel find Brigham, a closet jacks nifer. Lyle's you think I started a sports dog station. I love that locker room access. He loves the smell of what? Watch your extra. Ocean Drive. Wait, wait. These two. These will send you into orbit. If you could be an inanimate object, what would you be? Joel find Brigham, my mirror. And Ocean Drive business accomplishment your most proud of. Joel find Brigham taking a radio station that just made money and having it lose over $4 million just 18 months. Most people that realize how difficult there is. Man, if we could just say, I don't understand that lad. He's proud of doing what? Do I mean, do we do to get that last one? Yeah. Okay. One moment please. Okay. Taking a radio station that made money. In other words, when it was a Jefferson pilot that we're like, yeah. I mean, I was born to have $1 million. $1 million just 18 months. Most people that realize this how difficult that is. So he's proud of that. He'll sell it while self-deprecating. He's admitting that they're losing their ass. But daddy's got a lot of money and it's direct deposit in the ha ha ha. I was daddy. I put that kid up for adoption. It was cost of my economy. We'll achieve too. Yeah. I mean, can imagine that kid coming home and saying, Daddy, I lost four and a half million dollars. You did. What? Well, I guess that it meant to come change. You know, years ago, the old American football league, Lamar Hunt, Jr. Kansas City Chiefs. When the Bay Regional franchise was in Dallas, Yeah. They lost a million dollars the first year. And what this is Lamar Hunt? And somebody said to him, what did your father think about you losing a million dollars on a football team? And he said, well, at that rate in about 300 years, he's probably going to get ticked off. Yeah. I don't know. If my inverse has that kind of money. Hey, to admit, I was a Buffalo Bill's fan back in those days because I worked in a battavia. Yeah. Ray Carlton went to all the Buffalo Bill's games. We had Jackie Kemp and Darrell Lamonica and Cookie Gilchrist and George Sames. Remember Cookie Gilchrist? Sure. He played for the Dolphins. Did he? I didn't know that. Yeah. Wow. Who's the Dolphins quarterback going to be this year? Before I then, he's called peppers. Heels up. Probably Joey Harrington. Oh, my god. Well, that's the best news I've ever had in a long time. He's got good stuff for you. Holy cow, Joey Harrington, I thought they gave up on that. He couldn't play for the American Legion team. That's how bad he is. He's going to make them feel like they're going to miss a, what's his name? AJ Touchy Feely, real bad. When I give up, what's for him? His act. He's pathetic. Well, that's good news for Patriot fans and everybody else in the, Yeah, in the AFC. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's good news. Well, I'm confused, not because you said AFL. No, if we said some interesting thing. Yeah, original. Yeah, original franchise. Sam the band coming in. Yeah. What's the name of the band? It's the original. It's the original. Boston, payfeers. Yep. Sam the band. Do you know Capilletti? Chino still does their radio. Really? Yep. And so does Bob Kuzzi do to the way for their self. He can't speak. Have you ever heard him speak? I don't understand that. Absolutely. He was letting our tests on like water, crunkard. I just don't get it. Speaking of water, crunkard, I saw the, I didn't waste my time with the movie because George told me it was so bad. Good night and good luck. I was like, I'm on biography last night. biography channel, he had a mural bio. That was good. He was, he was something. Yeah. He was. I haven't seen him all day. That's what we need today is another Ed Murrah. I kept thinking that during that hour. But we need somebody with some balls. We just haven't. Don't have it in the media. There are all bunch of sellouts. Very sad. So I don't have a plan that you'll find where he says the ratings don't lie. Because boy, you look at his last book, you all. And you have all the factors. Another really good line, too. Is this really outdated? This just came out, but it's so outdated. AFL 2006. It's totally outdated. He says, um, his arbitrage ratings recently increased 64%. But again, that's in the fall book when they had the dolphins. And of course, they've dropped way back off again. Uh, listeners only asked me a demonstration at between Howard Stern and the Arrangea didn't start taking talking sports until 2 o'clock in the afternoon. He says, we created 790s a younger hip or a newer alternative that really focuses on what people in this Markle on here about local and national sports. Right. Of course, uh, you've been on that in more than a year and a half. So this is a little bit dated, okay. Howard Stern, a little morning anymore was only on for like three or four months anyway. And obviously with the ratings I got, nobody wants to hear somebody not talking sports in midday. So, you know, Joe, you're just such a jackass. He's just burning daddy's money. Just have a bonfire in the back row. Back yard. Uh, we need roast. You we need jerk. So that's my good buddy dick fine burger, pompet of parka's new appetizer guy with the same last name run around named Joel Feinberg. I sure hope to learn how to relate it. I don't know that could be I guess. I'm pretty sure they're not. Oh, it's family's in real estate. No. I don't think Joel Feinberg walks around in them. Hawaiian shirts like dick does it, pompet of. I like a preest. I still haven't found out what the deal went through in Pittsburgh. I think it's probably still a number. What's it going to buy the, uh, penguins? Bill of Mad Arena. There's talk that the penguins could be. We're, uh, just saw a story about the origin even the york is what I'm hearing. No, that they're building in arena. It's someplace. I know. No, some big city. Some metal lanes PA. And the penguins are the team that they're going to go out. Now you would know, oh, it's east of earth. I'm sorry. I can't, I, I remember the answer to the question before I asked you the question. How did the weatherlands, where the metal lanes is? Yeah. See, because there's a town called, and I've been there. I mean, you, well, I don't want to go through the thing with a track. So again, because I got you beat on that. But metal lands, Pennsylvania, which is South of Pittsburgh, that's where the meadows is. Yep. The meadows. You never been there up there. Because that's only harness for us. It's harness racing. There's a big time on cash facility there. It is. Yep. And Roger Houston, who was the first track on the rampant park, who screams and yells in his gun egolike, Joel Farnberg, he had a calls and raises at the meadows with a great day fallen driving. And Brian Ciers was driving there too. But of course, he went on to the meadowlands to east of earth. New Jersey. I used to post a meadowland. I used to be a guest on their Toby Caled. He used to do triple crown shows from there. He's a clocker here in South Florida and they used to bring him up to the Metos because he's from Pittsburgh and I used to go on with him before the big racers. Really? Yep. I still miss Harvey Pank. May the horse be with you and he would throw the program into the camera. Yep. The end of the show. He was still alive, huh? Yes, he is. And then the good news from Dave, Dave and I had a good chat on Friday. A stand bursting is still alive. I guess you don't know. Stan, it's harness racing. Yeah, I know who he is. Yep. Good guy. One of our people, man, Stan Burstine. Goldstein. If I were saying to the name, we could have Goldberg and Goldstein in the morning. We think of that. He could tweak here a number up a little bit or at least. We can up a little. Gelly. Oh my god. We gotta do something about him. I think a hitman is in order. He's on the days of matter of fact. All you people out there don't say we didn't warn you. Gelly is to a clock. Adjust your radios. You know, if people did have those HD sets because we're always saying, hey, QAM is HD radio. Nobody's got a set. But if they did, can you imagine how to sound in high definition? Oh, piercing, man. Billy Pierce of the White Sons. Great left hand here. I don't know what I'm thinking about Billy Pierce. Thank you, killer. And Chico Kuroskell. I tell you, probably it's not a very well known. In fact, of scary, any killer for the White Sons was Russ Nixon. Not Russ Nixon. What was his name, Willard Nixon? Russ Nixon was a catcher. Willard Nixon. Remember him? Willard Nixon. Yeah, he would always beat the Yankees, man. He was Yankee Killer. How does Big Yankee fan as a kid until 63 till they sailed out there? Right, Larry was a Big Yankee. For the Tigers, that is correct. That's the little correct. There was a Jim Bunning time before Bunning went crazy and became a right way sailor from Kentucky. Oh, he's a, he's a nut-ch-on. Yeah, you know, almost every athlete who becomes a politician is a right wing, like Steve Lardgen. All right, Wayne Jack Kent. All the Jack Kent stuff that far right wing. He's got a few skeletons in his, yeah, plaza. Yeah, we hated Jack Kent and Buffalo, man. In fact, we get it. It's going to be like in the third quarter and the people would be screaming. We want Lamonicum. Well, Lamonicum was good, even back then, man. He was really good. They called him the Mad Bomber. Hardford is the city that's trying to get the penguins. Hardford? Yep. The hour did he have bombed with the waiters there with how little I see. Why keep going back to places where you failed before when it's guaranteed to fail again, you know. Yeah, there's a big developer up there and watch the build a newer way. If it first, you don't succeed fail again, I guess that's what it is. It's kind of our philosophy, Ricky Way. Oh, but that's your man. What a clown. You should have heard him this morning. He put on quite a little of a bug. He'll routine for me. Oh, brother. Well, no, what do you think about the 10 to 3? How about 10 to 10 to 3? What about the, ah, ha ha ha. You know, what a clown. Oh, you go 10 to 3 and Mad Dog goes on a 3. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, that's going to solve his front. So it's always how much work and we squeeze out a Neo, you know, out of the old man. Guess who else is? Same age as me. I just found this out last time on TV. You know, these little things that come on the crawl. Don Kishan, in fact, you said you like to show it. Way, Wayne Newton is 63. So if your voice sounds better in his dozen. Yeah, and I'm a little butcher than he is. I'll tell you that, which isn't saying much, but Wayne Newton is 63. Don Kishan. Well, one of these days, a testicle will drop into the TV dangerous. Just like, ah, I love them holding my breath. I want to swing up and Wayne's helicopter. Really? He flew up the way. Wayne Newton, I thought you meant Wayne Heizinger. No, Wayne Newton. Yeah. We went from Las Vegas. We took off from a house and went up through Red Rock Canyon up to Logandale, where he has a horse farm with a bunch of Arabian horses. Really? And he flew the helicopter. It was quite like, kind of like Brownie Brown. He was in the Arabian horses. Remember that was his thing before we became the Ephema director. Remember that? Yeah. That was his claim to fame. That's what qualified him to be director of female horse. Yeah, that's right. He had a Arabian horse. That was correct. Of course his ass, I think, describes him a lot better. Well, it's already way past the first break. Gosh. And I got to play that to Neil Young thing. I think it's almost time for, for, uh, guilty by the time we get everything all jammed in here today. Well, it's never great day today. It's a really, it's a beautiful day. It's a good day to go out and find a good machine. I think. It's a good day to gamble too. I think. Yeah, I really have the, I don't know what it is, but I had the it's today. Okay. Because I went there on Monday, which I ordinarily never go on Monday. Did the rich guys scratch it? You know? Yeah, that's right. The machine, man. Yep. Which is the one that pays. I'm going to go out there and scour for it. I hope you have another load. Hey, heavy set young guy. Nice young guy. He's one of the regulators there. Always, uh, yuckin in life with me. Uh, last week he won 18 grand on the $2 machine. About 10 yards from where I was playing at Super Wheel of Fortune Cravenous guy was 18 grand. He put in 200 bucks in the machine, man. And he got 18,000. And he took the cash. He waited an hour, but he took the cash. They came to examine that machine. They brought off the stuff of scope. And they like, uh, or, oh, yeah. Hey, listen, I got, when you would a jackpot in those places, they checked that thing out inside out and upside down. Yeah, they don't like to pay. No, they don't like to pay. And they want to make them sure that nobody was, you know, losing the laws, whatever. I don't know what they could use now because it was computer. They say, well, since already time for the 11 o'clock hours, I have a great day. And when, when a bundle. You too. Yeah. Yeah. The music stressed on the previous program. Let's do it up here now. Come on, come on. The time for agencies. Let's move this baby along. One, two, one. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh my god, I can't control my mouth. I'm gonna be just a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I'm gonna be a little bit more. I guess those are yours, huh? Yeah, what? Those are my beliefs, though. That's the one thing that's very disheartening to me is that even though it's on cable, they still bleep out the words now. That's how repressing things about an enzyme America man. When it doubt they still bleep crap out. On on cable, no way. Yeah, that's from the movie, so it was out there. Ten eighteen already at five cc wqa. I'm happy Wednesday to it's the D.A. stay myio. Must be some kind of a special day, right? Didn't know who's there for where to do something big on May 10th or water to. Hey, once again, everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump. Good folks have dial-maters at 1-800 mattress. Want to help you through this just a wee bit. dial-maters is offered you a free tank of gas. And here's how this deal works. You simply take the full amount of any gas received off your next mattress purchase. Up to 10% of the purchase price. 1035 bucks at the gas pump. Take 35 bucks off any purchase at 350 bucks or more. Spend 50 at the pump. Take 50 bucks off any purchase of 500 more. You'll need your gas received to save that money. Why grab all over town wasting that expensive gas? Wasting a lot of time to skip them all in furnished your stores and so-called giants. In a mattress business who gouge your ass. Call 1-800 mattress right now and save. As always, you choose the date and time for deliver within a two hour one of those convenient for you seven days a week from 8 an a until 10 an a p.m. When you call my good piezines at dial-maters. 1-800 mattress you'll choose from the areas big as in betrayer brand name mattresses at unbeatable prices all the time. Seely, sir, the Simmons King Quill temperate experience in foster you would call 1-800 mattress right now or log under their website. Macris.com. It's just that easy. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-Leavoc the last as because it stands for STOOP and the saving. This is a meal Roger. This is 5-16-A-S. Is the tackiest thing I've ever seen. And TV presents from Night Live. Yeah, baby, from the ship, precise. Oh, I love carnations as much as I love a root canal. To the limo. I've never kissed a guy at least not there. To the least night bar forever. I've got boots of arm all over my dress. And TV's from Night Live. And my show's in Night Live. That's big of a spell on you know, certainly not news network. You see they just have a thing on there. Your desk has 400 times more germs on a toilet seat. Well, especially when I do with it, you know, I clap on your desk. I'm gonna wrap on your desk, haven't I? I was talking about that yesterday. All these people I could all up tight. Again, we'll probably keep when I got to put the toilet paper on a seat. Yeah, man. And not only that, but as a result of people all up tight like that, there are some, I don't see too many of them, but there are some places where they have those sliding plastic thing. Lighting the right, just slide right off if you try to use it. Well, that sounds like my experience had been easy at that time. I still don't have to. I didn't just slide off. It's a whole seat, so it's also a personal advice. Well, it's a good thing that didn't happen about 10 seconds later. You know what I mean? Yeah. Now it had been a real mess. That would have been really bad. That was scary. I mean, I'm waiting. I'm like dancing for months or the other. I just gotta get in there. You know, I mean, nature is calling. And I sit down in the seats, just slides, we're off to damn a toilet. But I got that baby back on there and mission accomplished. All right. 1434 votes on yesterday's poll. What's the rudest thing people do? By the way, well, it gets in today's poll, which we've done before, but pretty interesting. The car is out there. The ones that think, oh, well, we're the ones that make your show on the, oh, I am right. Uh-huh. You're going to be trying to convince yourself about it. If I never took another call, you want to see proof watch. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Me and the officer go on today. All right. All right. And I said to get ahold of you yesterday to tell you about this. You saw her. Have you seen this wacko? And you saw that the FBI's after? They couldn't be thinking about it. They couldn't be thinking about it. They couldn't be thinking about it. Yeah. And he's rapin' little kids. Yeah. And the church is still there. And the whole town followed the fire. Yeah. Really bizarre, man. I was wondering. There you go. And that's that little time religion, baby. Like I told you. Wow. They're so pretty. They're like, right. We're not so pretty. Okay, see you. See, there was a good call. I told you. So it's a skeptic, man. I was going to show for the calls. That's right. 1434 votes on the Pulva Cerutist thing people do is cell phone abuse. 17. Boy, that's bad. Going in on the restaurant where people are trying to relax into a movie theatre, wherever you are and talking on a... Oh, hi there. And I'll be over there. Let's see. I don't want to be bored. I'm going to sit outside. Okay, take your cell phone and jam on it. They're just jam it. Speaking in Spanish, I told you that was a lady dish that moved in zooming up their tour to 18. A strong second. Cutting in line 189. 18 on the tour with seat 170. Although, like I said, big deal. Just take a little piece of a turlet paper, wipe that baby off and put your ass down or it could be in such a panzy. Driving stolen left lane 144. Farting in public 60. If I was aware of the fact that people are that unbothered by it, I'd be doing a lot more I think. I'm going to start... Maybe not here. Here you're a lot more polite. I'm starting today. Being allowed by people are sleeping 57. Flodding their well 53. I hate this pool 52. Stealing parking spaces 52. People are over turn phone calls 43. Tailgators 42. Right on your ass. Picking your nose in public only 24. Oh, look at that one. Mmm, purple. Stealing food, I'll somebody's plate eight. And burping in public, which only had three all day round up with five. Salament they sinko, chinkway. So time to chinkway. See there are like six words I know in Spanish and Italian. I don't like you, but you're seeing any pretend you're like a multi-linguist. Don't say it. Oh, 1027. It's time for another break already. Well, and that's the way it is. But I like that. Another break already? Yeah, I like to cross a Ryanjoy. I enjoy confabulating with the fat one. What we never get to see each other anymore, talk in the course two old Jews, you know, hanging out at the in our in our waning days. Hey, if you're a cigar smoke, we'd like to kick back with a bit of a premium brand and be here cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first way tobacco, process and aged up to 10 years. But here is a real boutique cigar. Make her specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But here gold a flat should blind gets a 91 rating by a cigar. Fist you notice cigar insider and 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavor well balanced full body, Nick Aracow and cigar has got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also, we should have tried to be here to say oh, the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months. This one gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider. It's a powerful cigar. It'll knock your socks off with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with an additional spice and note of charred wood. For a sample of tobacco this nearby you just go online and log on to now he is cigars.com or call 1-800-35. That's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is Neil Rogers. What's all in this? Is 5-16-2-8-6. You're welcome. Oh, right. Let's do the first one again for life. Here. I'll cut you into four. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. I'll give you all the power that's in me. Okay, there's all the keys for it. Five minutes and some seconds long. Neil Young, that's from the new Neil Young album called Living with War. It's in peace to present it. We also got a good one called Looking for a leader. They're all good. I'm going to play the whole thing a little bit. It is a little teased to what you're happy with. Let's get caught up here because that long crossover man, which I love. It just gets us a little behind. Can I say behind? Back to, I'm sorry, Joyce. Some of you all just, I thought you had me, girls a group of you, right? Have you ever give you a number by the way for our... About 30 men? No. No. I hope that guy right off to Costa Reakers. With the money, we probably raise 125,000. He's going to tell us, oh, what are you guys all about? 25 grand, yeah. What if people actually got the merchandise? You're in Dmitriy if they hadn't gotten a w'd be here in Plania Hall. That's all we ever did. That's another reason not to get involved in that crap. I sent him my money three days ago and I still haven't got the CD yet. Can you tell me when I can expect it? Yeah, sometimes between now and next year, boo is okay. Shmuck. There we time we do it. Look at that. I thought I said six to six, 86, 100 days pool. You got an amazing bowl of good abrasive news here in a second. Thanks to Miguel. Today's pool, let's lay it on him. And we've also done... Well, we never did this exactly when I changed it up a little bit. And while the one for tomorrow I changed it up too. A little change up. Now for Marlon Pitches could just learn to throw good change up. Maybe they would be giving up nine, ten runs again. They lost ten to two to the graves last night. They're 8 and 22. I'm the games of the Marlon played so far. About 30 men. And they won't eat. Ooh, that's bad. Like I said, if they win 50 games this year, I think it'll be a miracle. That's what Josh said. He said they really suck. They said they... Oh, they're pathetic. And the announced crowd is 6,079. Oh, that was it raining last night. I heard it was not. No, we're the writers all the smog and fog and fires and stuff. That's another reason by the way, we got a Florida folks. All those fires. Oh, brother. All those brush fires. Yeah, they said there was a fog warning this morning too though, but I didn't see anything. But you just not hang it in the right hood, man. It's from... Get away after it might have glazed. Get out of the US, 20 cents. You'll see it. You'll get all fogged up. Another reason to get that out of that place, man. Even the gators moved out a long time ago. 694 votes will make a thousand-a-day easy. No sweatskie. The main reason you listen to the New Roger show is to hear a Neil Ratton rave, 373, 53.7% just want to hear me rant and rave. I think I'm going to do that every day for four hours just rant and rave. Like for real. Maybe that's why they like him. And if I said big rack and big d a couple of times, I mean, we were with the top, right? You know it? Oh yeah. Try it out. On a package. Sweet. To hear the bedtime story's 85. That's shocking. That's in second place. So that contradicts what Miguel, the lovely Miguel is always saying, Oh, you know, he is so militant about that. If I read like one paragraph as if he gets the start foaming at the mouth, he gets all upset. And that's because it doesn't have anything to do with Cuba. Let me tell you this. If every story that I read, I'm going to show is about Cuba. He would be glued to the radio. He'd get his crazy glowy. He'd take it off the toilet seat and stick the radio to his side of his head. Am I right? Oh, yeah. Whatever you say. I'm saying, okay, you know, you know, I'm right. I'm going to tell you a few about him. But whatever you say, man, he is obsessed. Rearly, at least he puts on a pretense. That that's his front. You know, I mean, they guys talk about drugs and sex, but we side that. Listen for a few last. Now you see that? I added that on late and it's moving up there 80. They just want a few last, man. That's all. Kill four hours in the middle of they get a few chuckles here. They don't want to hear about it. They're all rookie, rookie there and, uh, shack that. I don't have to have craft you all find where you. And he admits he's a jackkniffer isn't that embarrassing. Even our people with most of them are jackkniffers, even they don't want to wouldn't admit it. I'll maybe thought that wasn't going to get in the, uh, all the way. Got it. We got all the outtakes, Joel. Thanks to our inside spies. You got plenty of moles there in your building, but it's just our looking around for the moles. Uh, for the comedy, bits 49. You know, this story is the time to talk about the film material. Right. You're so stupid, Thomas, embarrassing to me. You know, in your needle, ripped the callers 49. See, hear the callers only 33 4.7% of this audience tune in the show. Hear the callers here. What you have to say, which we already know is, uh, for those that. For those that place. And whatever that guy does. I can't do it. Or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or. Right. Oh, yeah. Anyway. Oh, we can. And I hate this pool only 25. They're like this pool. 702 already. Well, we're going to have that 1000 pasted, and you can say Joel Bell's a super clown. Here's the bullet. Now I think it's even deserves a little bit of a a dumberal Mine is from Inga Becalund now that the Becalund that sounds I want to say finished because it's got two keys in the last name, but I think Swedish Inga is very Swedish and London, they think it ends in London as you Anyway, it's Scandinavian Inga, thank you Inga and of course Miguel would probably pronounce it well put another letter in front of it It says congratulations the new times best of Howard Palm Beach 2006 issue hits the stands tomorrow May 11th And WQMs 560am Near Rogers was awarded best AM radio personality through our readers pool And Jim Manwich was awarded best sports cast with our readers pool in this issue How do you like that? A tax dollar PDF of your what is a PDF? A dobe file you open it with a dobe Oh, I got a dobe reader. I got that. I mean I can do that. Yes. It'll do it all by itself. I know that don't you think I've done that already? I don't know. I don't know what you've done. Jesus, I got a dobe and I can do it but I'm trying to forget A tax dollar that I'm not a tax dollar the PDF see your words as well as the press release in two letters All right Inga, please feel free to talk about your achievements on the air. We welcome it new times We love them. However the hardtop is your words an issue. We're not a rive of the station till May afternoon today if you'd like to wait until then please keep an eye out for it like a lumbar Thank you again congratulations from new times Broward Palm Beach inga Vekalund marketing manager. Thanks inga you to you the again you to guy you to man All right, and you're excited about that thing part of the award winning man now how much money we're getting for that? I don't know Go into the back oh Where's the cash where's the free apostah now in edition of the age pool Lisa who's got Quantum imagination there she's got the kiss a big kiss and she's got the lips the lipstick Traces on the page here Lisa says I'm got two for That's not what she said she said can you please add because I love him to the pool well, no, we can't I mean I appreciate at least that's for you but I just it's a soul Tacky is what is next tacky Well, you said that maybe she loves you. No, no, she but the audience out there The pool isn't just for her it is the tucky is thing I've ever seen right See I've played that before did make any sense now it made a little a little bit sense I wonder how Jennifer is doing all Jennifer rem I'd love to hear for her I would too we love Jennifer she's one of those really nice people we work with we were entering Griffin was nice Yes, still isn't and still is every now and then we hear from Terry she keeps in touch Who else you know and stuff like a soda people we never hear from yeah I've heard from baby gravy line anymore in a long time I'm sure he's lower about these are on somewhere I'm taking some baby gravy line stories, but I'm not gonna and then after I tell you those we'll tell you some Andy Asked in the wood stories Oh, people want to hear me rant and rave well not on the air 19. You think I read to the 19 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM We got what's on the agenda there? We got guilty Oh, we apologize. I so profusely were so so sorry two to four. We got guilty again High definition squeaking Eric read it three thirty the talk through his teeth Boy should he heat? I don't like that Dave straightward on I'm you know, I never did like him when he was with the red wings. They went to ESPN. I was with the Panthers and I tried to like him I try to give him a chance, you know He talks to his teeth and I just I just don't like his whole uh, I don't like fake, you know I don't like fake voices Mad dog at the AAA Mac uh not the Mac or we live the Mickey arena for the heat send the next game number two 4 to 6 30 mad dog and then we got then you think we'd have the heat game on over that's I would be we're sure we don't have the heat game We don't have nothing to do with how do we do where the icy sleeve and the icy patch Put it right on your radio maybe it'll help Marlon's our deck at 6 30 the Marlon's host of braids again at the city of Muff the Rhodes 705 anybody going to that game Oh six thousand and 79 runs yesterday means there were maybe 3000 people if you kind of everybody would in about two blocks of the year in the hood And then 80k follows the baseball game the morning game boy And now that's that's a tough assignment following the Marlon game night after night. Oh Everybody like trying to follow a guilty trying to follow two to four to revolving door But the rumor has it that there's something in the work stair is now that the rumors you started that's right But nobody knows what to do. I don't think you haven't think even they know what it is I think if they just start planning the rumor that oh we're gonna do something I think they will believe it. I'm a bit player. Well, we don't believe it 1042 at Qa and the South Florida area is famous for a lot of trade shows both shows in car shows bridal shows home show Art Furs galore and more after your trade show exhibit are the only name we need to know is Puff said because Puff said creates the Absolutely top of line tension grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays Absolutely call right now nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five and Puff said will get you set for success Because when it comes to design printing posters banners and especially Trade show displays Puff said it's been the very best for 14 years Scroll down to the bottom of our website and take a look here and you'll see that the part that display they made with my ugly push on it It's an incredible thing right the bottom of neo-arjors dot com right down this phone number nine five four 772 72 75 nine five four seven seven two 72 75 for Puff said from design to set up Puff second handle all your trade show needs and rest assured That Puff said will definitely separate you from all the competition don't look second rate You only get one chance to look great Puff said to the smart way to do it Call them at nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five or go online to puff said sf dot com for top-notch design Traitial graphics in displays here is the great way to put you above everybody else pub sets the way to do it Look for my gross picture under building a logisi highway just north of commercial boulevard and then call pub said at nine five four 772 72 75 This is Real 562 Good aboard every black baby in the country in your crime. Make a good day me idee you God! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! God! God! God! There's another guy who's planning to install our water and have the old Jim Scott. Huh? He's up some work. He's somewhere. We needed Jim Scott or Spy Report. I got another email from Norma Kent who said there was rain. The game was delayed for a minute. We'll get into his email in a moment. You got a wait, Norma. For your moment in the sunshine. Talk about a guy who just desperate for attention. He was one of the 2000. Not any more though, he says he's giving up. We'll get to that moment, terribly. Okay? There's a little something for the audience to be hanging on. Go practice, law, or go on pick up some acute runaways and just get out of my life. Anyway, and I'm sending him a check this week because he took care of George's contract. Because I still love him a couple of bucks and he's going to get a big fat one. Which he likes most of the big fat one. In fact, that's about the only thing you and he got in common. The only thing. Right? So I can think about the moment. Anyway, here from the beach patrol people who make Miami, according to Ocean Drive magazine, April Issue, according to Suzy Buckley, who would know already, she enjoys that thing. Her unequal level when it comes to the radio expertise. Joel Feinberg, finding the ticket to South Florida radio success, and glad you told me that he's standing there with the rail. I guess that's the P.P. Park? Yes. Because when you've fasted this to me, it looks like he's right now Harley or something like that. I don't know. Looks like a biker punk. Joel Feinberg, finding the ticket to South Florida radio success, while I guess he hasn't found it. Yeah, keep looking Joel. In the age of satellite radio and iPods, Joel Feinberg is found a lucrative niche on AM radio die. Look at it for somebody. It's getting all of the daddy's money. It's certainly not looking for them to lose money hand over limp wrist. Nearly two years ago, he founded prime time media group in launch sports talk, 790 the ticket. South Florida's only 24-hour sports radio station to compete with sports radio 560WQAM. And again, keep in mind, this is the April issue, but this is a really long long go before the newest ratings came out to win a book and before any rate. His arbitrage recently increased 64% from 84,000 Muslims last summer to 138,000 transcribid by his fall course that includes the dolphins. This is only often heavenestation that between Howard Stern and the orangutans, start talking sports until 2 o'clock in the afternoon, the 20-year-old Fyingers said, we created 790s a younger hip or a new world, turning it that really focuses on what people miss Markovon here about. Local and national sports. Isn't that what you guys want to hear about? From the moment I get up. Yeah. I mean, how can you wait till 2 o'clock before you start talking about? I can't wait. And of course, we don't have Howard Stern anymore. And we do start talking about sports at 5 o'clock at a morning. It's all freaking out long. We got the big. And we got the hopper and, you know, we got sports up the old shoe. Prior to radio, they've heard that they've played golf professionally before opening capital Reel Estate Group, a full service Reel Estate Investment Company to handle everything for mortgages and titles to design and renovation. When he felt the real estate market cooling, he began shifting his attention to what he saw as his next profitable project. His next profitable project. A full service sports media company that includes 790 a.m. The station is the official home of the dolphins. He lost three and a half million at least on the dolphins in the first season of Kering Games. And they hit the youngest broadcasting Jimmy Ciflow's son there. Hey, Jimmy. You're fairy. Which exclusive radio broadcast writes to their games and a roster regular programs hosted by some of the most recognizable names in Florida sports, including Joe Rose and LeBasco, Jim McTubby and Sid Rosenberg. And when I think of sports in South Florida, I think of Sid Rosenberg. Don't you? What are the most recognized of all? So, Susie, whoever you are that wrote to, you may be a very nice young lady, but you're an idiot. Typical kind of puff piece you're reading these. All ocean dry first of all is nothing but a puff piece anyway. The whole magazine. Even Johnny Versace said he wouldn't like to dance with it. So anyway, Joe, fine versus I like your good football game, but I'm not a sports fanatic to me. It's just a business. But if I see something that's going to be a big success, I'll do it. Whether it's collecting car cans or making computer parts explains fineberg, or races, shift to go cards and rides motor cross in a spare time. See, I know it. It rides motor cross. I took the station that had no revenue whatsoever and built into a major market competitive year and I have major market competitor in my ass. You idiot competing with what? The bottom feeders, a major market competitor with one and two shares. I have the audience and listen to what I created. Oh God, what an ego. And here's the best line. The ratings don't lie. And guess what? You're all the ratings say you ain't got nobody listening. You haven't got squat. I could put I could fit those people into a phone booth and have room left over for fat boy. Our fans are very interactive. Our phones are lit up all day. I think you're lit up all day, Joel. You must be smoking it. Go over there and get some good stuff across the street, George. He's got the really good stuff. Then they got just the facts. And that's it. That's the article. Just the facts. Favorite Friday night and South Beach. Socky bombs and sushi at Nobu. Or that's a great hang out there. For that sushi. His dream car 65, 427 Shelby Cobra. Oh maybe go to get it by one from Rick Riley. Last book you read. Curious George. Something no one knows about you. I cried in not one but two asked in future movies. Favorite film. Cool hand. Luke. Oh God. Sunrise is sunset. Sunrise after an all nighter. And here's the ones they didn't have room to put in the very short piece. I already read these to Hank, but it's worth repeating because it makes such an ass out of his clown. Eagle, baby. This is sushi's note to a Joel. I really appreciate you taking care of the interview as you know we didn't have a space to run all just the facts that we did. I thought you might like to have a copy to keep sushi bucks on the ocean drive. And here are the questions and the answers. Ocean drive if you had 20 minutes to spend with any person who wouldn't be Joel Finder. My daddy on Friday when I can't be payroll. You do that. You have to get together with with Terrible because everything's a big. Oh yeah. Ocean drive is the one thing that people say about you that really takes you off. Joel Finder. I hate it when people say I was handed everything. Actually I've never been handed anything. It's all directed positive. Oh, Joel laughs. Joel laughs. Ocean drive all time favorite cartoon character answer Richie Rich. Who ain't no fat rich by the way. Ocean drive. One thing that would shock you about you that would shock your friends. Joel Finder. Joel Finder. I'm a closet Josh Sniffer. Why else do you think I started a sports talk station? I love that locker room access. He wants to get nervous. He needs to guys nation. He's really trying to say I guess huh? Well that's bad. Good thing they don't have the panthers. I'll tell you that. Ocean drive if you could be an inanimate object what would you be? And his answer? My mirror. Oh, all the ego all the time. Pump his ass. Ocean drive business accomplishment your most proud of. And Joel Finder's response. Taking a radio station that made money before and having it lose over four million dollars and just 18 months. Most people are realized how difficult that is. Well it's easy to spend that he's money to be a big shot. He was very famous at doing that. Many other people's money to be a hey we'll pay a $10 million. It's not my money. It's the busiest. He's not a course yet. That's why. But nevertheless, what was it that her father Greg Zax why? What was it? Merrill. Is that her name? Yes. Her father invented the milk carton. Was it her? Okay. That's what you said. Yes. Yes. I did just make that up. And there he's all that family had money that hasn't been invented yet. Oh brother. Can you imagine if you get like a penny or whatever you get on every milk carton or orange? Yeah, I guess for every product that's made in carton is now. Right? When you think I would. I got a good idea. Sounds like a real good idea. 1057 and 560. There's cheaper drones. I think we're going to have to save a lot. And a cheaper one is going to hot tub. Maybe Joel find where we'd like to have in there with them. Kind of get the earlier land. I don't think chippers got I still think I've always got a wife and kids but I think he's an old smoothie. I don't think he's. Is something strange about him? Have you ever noticed that Josh? Have I ever noticed that he's strange? If you watch him at the plate is bad. He looks like a woman. But anyway. It's a pretty good woman. No. What? I said that's a pretty good woman. He's pretty good. Hello? 1058 at QA and if you have termites in your home or you would think you might have. Get rid of them now before they start to in your place to bits. Call rid it pest control today for free termite inspection. Rid it pest control uses them and amazing a stupidness or a control treatment. It kills termites and termites out of a sin of contact. They're gone faster than even say that Joel find where he's a papa's ass. If you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to take your house and make a spectacle out of your home. No worrying about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels, no worrying about food or pets in your health. Because at rid it it's real simple. They treat your home and it's amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all. Just stick around and watch those termites. Van loose and die like crazy. And peckling to dump treating your property or anything left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. So if you have a termite problem or you think you may be developing one, do it now. Like you still have time before they chew your place. Like I said, the pieces. How rid it pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment. The kill termites and the race are 100% a contract, a contact and contract. No turning, no BS no kidding. How right now for a free no obligation inspection toll free 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told it to call it a little bright enough their day. 1-800-447-4348. This is a real rubbish. This is 516-2A-10. This is the real Roger Show. It's a real Roger Show. Any questions? Roger, can you see my coyotes fly straight across the border today? As the minute men were shooting, both and guys in one car, through the desert all my youth. To the protest we march, but they just thought we were losing. And the farms were over, the truth was waiting for us there. Give us a nice view, I'd and we'll be a fair chair. Who's a dozen not on the stand to English you say. We're going to start doing this show in Little Espanu, Robin Little bits and Aaron Piss off the Anglos and of course we're all the Eholios. The same reason you listen to the Eholios here in the Alanton Ray Ray 402%. For a few last 108, the Eholios is 58. The Eholios is 58. The Eholios is only 38.48% of the Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios. The Eholios is a great cause of the Eholios.