Hello, hello this is a test of the emergency bra. What else is it? What was that you just came out of nowhere? Oh, it's very large ease. Well, they probably didn't have the thing in there's that echo again. What is this getting really pondress? You know what the echoes better than no sound at all? No, I'd rather take this silence in this echo awful What's that all about Josh? Josh Yeah, all right. No, you're John. All right. Well, it must be on your end. I'm not going again. No, it's back echo echo echo echo It's awful. It's just horrible. It's on your end. I don't hear it here. Well, I hear it on this end is Moey annoying you sound anyway, but is that mean you sound fine? Yeah, we're got an echo though. I can hear the echo you want hear the echo we allowed how's that? I don't hear it. Oh, it's bad. Well, that's good. I Get my hearing checked I got a real great thing for you won't get it though, so I don't know what I'm going to tell you what is too lazy Dreamfield's pasta Yeah, once the last time he had pasta. I'm not eating pasta. Well, of course not because you'd die a bit like me, right? Well, I'm not eating pasta because I'm On a diet right now. Yeah, well, this is low carb and low calorie pasta. No carbs Let me say it again. Okay. I won't tell you about us all the audience. Dreamfield's a miracle a miracle And it also takes away my craving for a point for sugar. Can you get a pasta made by a guy named greenfield? Dreamfield dreamfield dreamfield is in dumb. Oh, okay, it's in dense. Oh, I couldn't understand. It was an echo Our denty I think there was a echo here. Yes, I must be it must be the echo finally kicked in on your ass and God how about those panthers? What's going on with then there? So you've got a shot now? Is anybody care? No points out yeah I'd an event in Pittsburgh by night the power when I twice in that ancient igloo the civic arena the least game boy I was something Turn out to be a great game. Oh, yeah, we're getting out of the crushed time man in the for the playoff spots Tampa Bay tonight tonight's the game of the season for the panthers if they can win this game Then I think I got a real shot not a catching tamper catching much your all First I got three or four other teams ahead of them And we got hurricane basketball that's the big thing the NIT against craten. Oh, man on KAT is a good place for it On a station that nobody can hear What a signal they go. I acted WK to yeah See this is like reverting all the way back to my origins again back to KAT all over again. Yep Hurricane's in craten. That's why we got no program director at least for two days maybe for the whole week So what cleanses off playing the junior sportscaster again. What a joke Well, yeah How is your weekend my weekend was excellent. I made campfire on Saturday. I had a tremendous time was losing my estimated all back plus a hundred bucks Head fair How do you get a fine time Huh, I had a good day. Yes, that was for you. Oh, you know nothing You know someone when you're losing and you get even for the day That's better than when that's what happened on Saturday I played there from five o'clock in the morning until one of the afternoon I got all my money back plus KAT Fair a hundred bucks in there ran out. I had a good machine mine These were playing this weekend. I had a good machine and how did he do? He was having yeah, a little issue with a waitress series Trying to get a long island iced tea. Yeah, and she He tells a story but she didn't understand what a long island iced tea was She said that she would go get him and they didn't have any iced tea at the bar And he said no, it's an alcoholic drink and they went through a whole business. I don't know I sure wouldn't want to be working to one of those places when he was plunging his guts He's kind of silly yeah, you get a little irritable if they aren't going well. I'll tell you what bugs me is these Women is mostly the women You know I'll hit something ahead of thousand bucks on a wheel and I'm waiting to get paid in this one I never saw this bitch before my life Oh, every time I come here you're really on a roll you're I said boy you must be dreaming honey I don't I don't just listen to what either I just give her right back to me. So what do you think what are you talking about? I was talking to a guy Saturday night Who told me that he went into the seminal casino? Yes a lot of his first mislead there for dinner He walked up to a machine Put in a dollar and one 14 thousand and walked out he put in a dollar. Yeah. I don't believe it It would have to be a progressive jackpot. You can't win a progressive with one dollar. I mean put in Five bucks. I have no idea. I don't play those things but he said he played it once one 14 Played on buck and one 14 thousand. Yeah, I don't believe him. Hey, but yeah, maybe that's what he played I don't know where's the beast where did he go? Oh, you know what he's working in early shift now They've got him coming in here at five o'clock To do what he's the update man for Orlando oh boy Yeah, there we have this new management team we got there really kicking ass man since the new sales manager came in I haven't had one new piece of copy We have nothing on the log to speak of it's curly empty and you know Other than that we're kicking ass man a beast all They're doing it I like the new sales manager. Why do you might like him? I'm just telling you I think you'll be good. You know what one one second a start Well, let me ask you something When you come in and take over a baseball team That finished in last place Do you expect it to win the championship the next year? Last place. I thought we were always one of the top two or three pillars in a mine Told you how bad that sales manager was the day I saw him the first talking about replacing stiffy I'm talking about making something happen. Well, that's who we play see we play Yeah, well, that has nothing to do with getting these people do a little work in hero week Catboy oh, he's been there a week it out in here. He's been here on the week get away two weeks Thought we still got that damn echo good god Trust me on this one this guy will be good technical disaster well he isn't anything for us I'll tell you that between a ten and two. He's done zero. Zipity do it on and how's that two to fourth thing coming? Oh every week they send me this schedule. I'll look at it And I just put my head my hands and cry until payday. Oh God What what what are they thinking about it? I have plenty of ideas the 20th of March the 20th of freaking March the Eyes of March are upon us and it's still the same bowl and guilty and guilty and Curtis and bowl and oh Jeez, oh no bowl. What's the rush? Yeah, right exactly. It's only the middle of March. Yeah These guys man. I'm Tony them. They're like You know I tell you the difference between a new sales manager and then stify. No, no, I don't this I mean, that's like comparing a dead man with a living person Exactly, you walk into this guy's office and he's got papers all over his desk and he's working. Yeah I never saw that's the Georgia's got anything on his desk But he's a little in v-sat ones with him. I'm working. Yeah. I've never saw that last sales manager What anything on his desk? Of course. He wants to see us that last time I was there I walked by him and I walked through a door and there he was. I was on my way out. He looked at me like he had seen a ghost of Christmas Paz he had a look of I'm serious. He like a fair on his face. Oh Hi Neil and he like ran by me like his ass was on fire Maybe it was somebody should have a little fire under. Yeah, well, but wouldn't I help? Well, there's no sense there's no feeling He was a stif but in the meantime this guy's got a lot of work to do you know here's the beast He was out the hall Well, I want to get him in here. Yeah, let him explain it. Maybe you can help me out on this first of all I'm not buying it's three about a guy put on my gun I got a fucking real nice. I don't see the seminal place because no I went 14,000 No, he would have would have well for you could Evidently if there's like a they have a what do you call a progressive? Right, but progressive if you'd so if you played a max there's no sense thing as a machine that only takes Well, meanwhile the minimum over there's at least nine dollars you have to bet nine of whatever you bet You mean we'll fortune you don't will Even even the quarter machines the minimum is nine So I'm but you're telling me on the dollar machine every play is nine bucks. Yeah, like you get out of here What kind of a bunch and crap is that? I can't do not they don't have like just play water just play three you have to bet nine 18 oh, you know a better swore to the Man, oh man, this is really getting even for that The Cowboys never I lost way more money over there than we wow wow wow wow wow But he couldn't you lie when we got the pop in a park in the other pair of mutuals I have the slots we hope because I have an addiction By the way speaking of pop in a fight the way there. I have it heard one word about that place not a word from my our buddy I did hear this the other day I did hear this you know that they're going to Reinstate the poker tables Oh the parametrials now hello you're the best you're fat ass governor what a jerk He wants us all to be as good humans as he men as him and his whole family Me we should have addicted to rock and rock and rock user ass right The whole Zip bush family Great for us all upset about what that you're making fun of his governor well screw great for okay self-hating you Idiot, no, what are you laughing about it's a truth man? Here's a guy He's ready want to crucify his ass take him out there in a quarter or four four even after a row I put up a big cross and just burn his ass. Yeah, you would it's the only way you're gonna get him out of there anyway Now I'm telling it's a truth just burn his ass So yeah, we could we could get a help of a crowd for that maybe we could raise some money for that charity that way He could die for our sins abandoned boat operas cute Yeah, I can just see it now I got news for if he and clearance were sleeping together he would have that job there five minutes creeper Yeah, right wing piece of turd God that's right. Oh, well now. Let me ask of this Hey, is this now that mow is left there is just tongue like a two two shades lighter than it was before I'm gonna song a while a lighter shade of brown by a Procule hero remember that Good God He tried to pass mow off as a weapon They had a good our talk tell they had to get like a surgeon just to get his his head out of mows ass when mow left Good God, but Yeah, but that's the word Joke don't give me started on your buddy creeper there mr. right wing Ever can take a win and yeah, and then like I overgrown five year old he makes like rosenthal seem like a 90 year old a genius Yeah, oh Anyway, have a great day Thank you, but I'm leaving us laughing no problem. I always got to put a big smile smile on your voice I'm sorry Get your tongue out of there Robert or rock Oh You You Say more on it's a 12 out of chapter 10 at five 16 WQ and happy Monday to it Well, I think in this place what a joke what a laugh and a ride Just like the copy we got from like seven years ago so kiss it's nice nice going air crisp What's the guy's name the new sales manager Chris? Stiffy let's see here's the fact that says from who's this from? Who's it problem oh my god. Oh Yeah, I'm gonna save this crap to the break. This is just absolute I thought you were joking me is this for real? I'm feeling from clearance That way what I joke Is it what did I tell you about this place a long time ago? Clarence and his boyfriend's did I tell you that was not always my life not a secret though? Oh my god, no, it's not a secret but I'm gonna put it out there when he hears so the public knows we're kind of a kindergarten We got running nice going Joe, but you mean you got your hand on things baby. Oh my god This is scary Wait till the audience who's about that but the important thing is my greenfields pasta. Okay, but anything else except payday. Wow And thanks to the guy to call on Friday. Although he had nothing to do with it my order was already in We got to say he found it where did how did he find it in public? So public's curious dreamfields posted all be gone by tomorrow a miracle 10 13 at 5 60 W Q a m your overgrown kindergarten station for the enumalenium Roger's got time for a check on the forecast with Mark Lamore and the news channel 10 weather center All right Okay, um, let's dig on With Matt pride people Whoa Wow CHOK Marty From and sick tomorrow wake up time. I'll have part of this shaking hands with increasing Jones followed by a phone call to my man and everything that can be cool again. Okay, thank you, Mr. Yosel. 1018 at 560WQM Dreamfields, where the dream is field food.com. Just put that dream that you're brain. Dream that you're the link. No dream is field. Dreamfields field.com. Now dreamsfield food.com. Okay. Dreams field. Dream with a D, D, D is in dense stream. Just like this. Thanks. Oh my god, this is just, I'm ready to go back to bed. I can't believe this. I mean, this is like putting in print something that we already know that was embarrassing and humiliating and childish and degrading in juvenile. Clarence, Clarence Dero and his little boyfriends. That's the reason that they're both still there, by the way. Two of the worst trouble making yinthes that ever worked in the history of this business, and that's covering a lot of territory, who run around and release stabbing everybody in a back-coding each other. Here's a memo. Well, I'm telling you, Joe Bell just lost whatever little nothing I'm sure he cares, but he lost me. Oh, brother, Joe, go away. Go away. From Josh Dero, carbon-competed Joe Bell of course, a new general man, were you think that this would ever go out of grid, we were still there? What do you mean? It did. It did what? This is old already. What are you talking about? I mean, it's quite be official now, but yeah. No, this is ridiculous. It says, I have listed Brian London, the Beast, and Robert Greeper, Robert Greeper, who can't even speak English, he I. Yeah. To assist me around with WQM programming department, if they ask you for something, please comply. But, they are communicating the systems I have made in goals that I have for the radio station. Please consider that when they contact you, and if any issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally. Oh my God, professionally my ass. Also, if I cannot be found, which of course is more often than not, and there's a pressing issue, please sit them for any assistance. So I think the ass part is correct. Brian and Robert, room with WQM for long time and deserving this. They've room with QM a long time, and that's because you're there covering their ass clearance. You idiot? They're passionate about the station care about its sound and success. I'm glad they agreed to help me with this endeavor. Oh, please crack or please. Oh, I'm saving that. I'm framing it. I'm sending it to Massachusetts to framing him. All right, there's Sean just sent a bunch of pulls. I'll put him my big pile. I got pulls up the old. Or no, is your pile of holes? Pallipools. I'm not gonna let that feature me for my enthusiasm, because it's so excited that my dream seal pasta finally showed up on Friday, and I had some on Friday, and I had some on Saturday, hasn't been getting yesterday. I've never seen you should be there every day. Don't beat my herd. And I threw out that crack that sure was hockey and noodle stuff. It's a slimy smelly stuff. Oh. But I'm just telling you, maybe some people are like, like the board got to call us. Remember him? Oh, yeah, it's really good. No, it's not. It's like two on shoelaces. Why wanted you to taste it? What's that? Because you'll set a straight. Well, I did. I'm telling you, did I tell you it was crap? Yeah. But dreams feel pasta man that comes in the lasagna. And the elbow macaroni, which I guess you can make macaroni and cheese, low carb and spaghetti, which are cases spaghetti, a case. The thing is good. I had been throwing this stuff down on the tube too. Two. And now I can only tell you personally, what it did this far is my blood sugar. Now if I would eat the cup of the mouth, two ounces of entroasted, it doesn't sound like much. It is a lot when you cook it. It's a good ample amount. And I got my little carbs to us. Now if he would have eaten the cup of the regular pasta, would have sent my blood sugar up to about 400 at least. Dangerous number. This, my started 100, my blood sugar the first time I made it. It went up up between an average of 50 to 75 points within an hour and a half. And then it starts coming back down again, very nicely. That's a miracle. Do you have any idea what that is? Now people that want to control their sugar much much tighter than that, which I think you must be crazy. But if you do, that's up to you. But you have to try to figure something. So I would mind online. We'll get to that eventually. I got a whole article about it. From Friday, our annual demographic survey, which are you, do I want to read this whole thing? This one's taking still midnight. Okay. 2441 votes. I don't want to read this whole thing. And it's ponderous. 9 Hispanic white male 2554, 1232. I'm not going to read all these. Yeah, obviously the most important thing is that the Oberlam and majority of the audience, males 2554. That's our target demo. That's our bonus. Oh, which we'll never see again. Nice job there, Joe Bell. By the way, you really got control of that program director here. This is a laugh ride is what it is. It's pathetic. It's embarrassing. So he's got Joyce on a one hand controlling the content. And on the other hand, he's controlling the comedy fact that it would turn into little boyfriends. Oh, Jesus. Welcome to WVLM. I think I'm going to do the show in this voice from now on. It's the night Rosen's Law show. With our special guest, J. Rowe Keech. Wow, what a panic. We're like a, we're not even like pepper. Our high man is got his B. K. P. X. But I would like a bad college radio station anymore. When I go and Joe, you go, baby, you are doing it. Clown. What's the other important things on here? We finally got the Hispanic White Female 55 plus we got SACE. Wow. Impressed? Yeah. Hispanic White Female under 25, five. Five young Hispanic chicks. But not Hispanic White Female under 25. So they went to do so only two. We even had a week. Yeah. Wow. We got no young white chicks. That's the same. No sense to be at all. Well, that's what we got. This is on our all weekend long. We got 241 people logged on. We're that's pretty good number. That's 400 and some odd more than we had the last time we did it. Although, well, we had 500 crank was the last one. They listen to those. Light country. Who's that? The Anglo chicks. What are they listening to? They're listening to Power 96. I. Yeah. Is what they're listening. And let's see. What else was interesting on here? Native American female 16 and Native American male 16. Native American female 15. That's all. So there's one guy out there missing a papoose. Or something like that. You told me what? I told you to put that out there that we had some engine. Eight and male 25, 54, 18. So I'm not going to read that whole list. That's really boring. But thanks for a logger on there. Tell me, so we got at least 2400 people listening anyway. I think that's probably about half the audience. When things are going nice going Joe, you want Joe Bell. You watch him in clearance. Take this thing right in the toilet. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. And then exactly. This is long as the bees these care for to keep covering them. Check that's all we care about. A bitterly divided electric gets present in George W. Bush and approval rating of only 36% of the ladies who's we pull matching the lowest plug of his presidency record last November. His images in effective leader of the war in terrorist, tarnished, would less than half the public, 44% of probably the ways handling terrorism and homeline security. The spot is series of presidential speeches and photo ops meant to bolster support for the war in Iraq as well as the announcement of a major military offensive, which turned out that we just a bunch of crap when the poll was getting underway only 29% of the people questioned approving Bush's handling of the situation in Iraq. Fully 65% disapproved. This is newsweek. His approval ratings for the handling of energy policy 28% and health care 28% were new lows. While approval on the economy 36% mirage is overall rating. How do you like that? What's going to happen to get down to be in the 20s? What's going to happen then? Nothing. Not all. That's what's going to happen. Our numbers get down in the ones in two, John Q.A.M. and you're right. Nothing at all. See it again. Nothing at all. That memo just leaves me to limp. It just sends me right to the old bull. I'll tell you. Wow. They've been here a long time. I got news for the janitors. The janitors have been here long time too. Let's make him the general manager. Okay. Wow. At least he might do something. Good. God. At least he might give you a piece of his mind. Clarence, the beast and Robert Grewford. That's the little, there's the triumphant. The triad. Yeah. The triumphant. Leading us into the new era of broadcaster excitement. Got to bowl it to the staff. So as big number of sighting, mad dog at the yinthus center from 4 to 6 30 in and the panthers in the lightning, big big game. I'm assuming that's a home game because he's going to be doing a show there. So panther preview it's just 30 panthers and the 10th of a lightning at 7 o'clock huge game. As suddenly the panthers caught on fire, I have no idea what's going on. Hurricane warm up on AM 1360 is 730 and Hurricane's in creating on KAT at 8 o'clock. Eddie K follows all of that excitement. Can you handle it? What's the color? Is he's off to anyone basketball guy again? So Robert and Grewford are running the radio station. Oh my god. Yeah, seriously. I say let's bring in Gilbert. Let's bring in Gilbert and the guy with the eyes and prosack Ron. Look, if they can have their tramvert, why can't we have ours? We'll send them up there to you. They could be your houseboys. No, I'm done telling you right now. And maybe if those guys can't do it, we can just bring in Eddie. What do you say? Bill? Bill doesn't. That's it. Mike's been past 10 at QA and B. I'm following conversation is real. It took place between the mob star customer and a mob star representative. Mob star, are you doing? Are you doing or listen, I get a problem. You remember that thing? You will be that they would all friend. Yeah, we'll not for nobody's getting his screaming in the trunker. I think he's gonna bring that. He don't. You was supposed to take care of him before you want to stay. Oh, I got them. Three pies. What if my body's gonna go like a boneball? That's gotta go. All right. Show to see your location is at Margot Island at a bridge. So, yeah, so I'm gonna roll it over to trunk. While you go back to hip-hop tree, we'll switch in to him. So the job is done right. All right. All right. Good. Now hop on a trunk like it had north. Mob star. Always there. Always ready. Capiche. Hey, thanks, Mob star. Hey, forget about it. I'm getting about it all boy. 10 32 at 5 and 60, W.M. So Ray, who's chronic and who's at university, died, according to the head around the facts, sends this to Bush family criminal empire. This could read it very well. Thank you. What a way you got this. Since I know that these are true, but I never heard this about Laura. Have you and let's just think about manslaughter. Until next four friends, which we talk about a British tale about her a little driving an estipated little accident. Of course we did. Ray, get with it. Get with the program, will you please? Okay, let's take a look at the pool. We got going on right now. Generally, which group of self-harmonityans bugs you the most? We got the 642. Humans 200. It was humans, as let me say for would say. Humans, in the Yorker's 95, Redneck's 59, senior citizen's 52. French Canadian's 50, I like everybody. 38, now we're talking. Haitian's 38, African American's 32. I hate everybody, 27. I hate this pool, 17. Jews 15. Ha ha. Jamaican, you make in seven. Radio sales holes five. Radio electronics four and last but not least. Gays three. Solimente trace. Okay, what's this, Cahoni's not acceptable. I'm billboarded my man retires to find. Well, how do you like that? So you think we had problems with balls? Apparently it's going to go. Yeah, I think that the Donner Shillet Lee's probably got her finger in here. Why sure, hope she washes that thing. And her finger too. Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright, you know, I just, you know something seriously, is I'm such a high today. I can't tell you before to show that the cost and everything and I feel so good. My weight is perfect and I'm not perfect, but for me it's good. And my sugar is great and the sun is shining. It's cold as hell, but it's nice. Life is sweet. And then I guess I'm happy that memo and a find out that Joe Bell is just basically handed the keys to the kingdom over to Josh's little playmates. So he's somebody needs to sit this guy down and explain the industry what's going on in that joy. Well, what it's all about, Alfi. What's it all about? Maybe just doesn't care. Maybe it doesn't get it. What do you expect? Can you imagine Robert Greeper coming and giving you instructions on how to tell you to do something? Exactly. And you're going to listen to Robert Greeper? No. Well, like, yeah. Yeah. Like a retard. And then I apologize to Alrethars out there because that's an insult to Alrethars. He's a step below that. Whatever that is. Good. Good. To actually put that in print. It's just it's like slapping all of us in the face of what it is. I'll still take the money. Okay? It's way to those clearance. I'll still take the money. Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright used to work on honies to land based at El Castro. Americans used to colloquially that describe someone who is gutsy. Now, Volkswagen AG is getting flagged for using it in billboards to advertise a sporty model to his Spanish in the USA. Thank you, Brian. You black on his. Cahonesis is a Spanish word that means literally testicles, dolls. In the US, however, it's sort of a canceled term for daring. That's what Volkswagen was going for and a black in my billboard featuring its GTI-2006 model accompanied by two words in big bullletters, turbo-Cahones. Cahones. But the campaign is boomerang with Volkswagen take the billboards down in three cities after they quickly generated a firestorm in Miami. Luis Perez Colon and instructor Miami did clearly call it said the had might not sound so offensive at English. But in the Spanish speaking community, it will always have a vulgar connotation said Colon who supervises a writing program for Spanish language network telemundo. Volkswagen isn't the first ever time to discover that words are amusing in one culture can be inappropriate in another. A few Asian countries of Van Gogh Australia's latest tourist slogan were the bloody hell are you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Leave it to those Aussies. Where the bloody hell are you? The Aussies and the Brits. Volkswagen's intent was to pitch this sporty fast car which has a sticker price starting at 23 grand to young by sexual abiling with his Spanish retain ties to their Latino heritage. We wanted something that broke out in the mold and carried the connotation of being strong and gutsy said Daniel Mereiro a mirror all creative director for the Miami based agency creative undemand D for all creative undemand with a capital D on the end that came up with the ad. This is a word adapted in the American vernacular. We never thought this would be an issue but it might be in the South Florida everything is an issue or offended. We're offended. Just like a lot of people listen to the show they're offended but you know what if we're not a funny somebody went out doing our jobs period. If we're stuck it up in kissing everybody's ass like Robert Creeper was with Mo. Then obviously it's another story all the game. I still can't believe that I have it sitting here in the bottom of my pile in a very important place for things that are be framed and put on the wall to the dirtboard. What did I tell you about you? Well this guy is as cool as as a dead man. He's just a lot of the loop it's scary. Scary is what it is. And current sense of a copy of this the beast and Robert Creeper are in charge while Clarence is out playing basketball guy. Oh my goodness. Shame on us. Libby trial may be embarrassing for Bush. Lawyers provides president Tickchain's former top eight are certainly they may build deeply at his criminal trial in the infighting monument why he has to see IA in the state department over Priorac war intelligence failures. And if credit were possible to fence the lawyers for I-Lewis scooter libeer also is existing that the state department not libe may be debling for looking the identity of covert si office of Valerie Plain but immediate. Court papers filed late Friday raise the possibility a trial can be completely embarrassing for the board of administration by focusing on the debate about what the White House Minipulated Intelligence to justify the U.S. Law and invasion of Iraq and March 2003. Bad stuff is going to come down so now it is a approval rating from 33 to 36% depending on which poll you like the best. Just wait until all that stuff starts to hit and between that and the Abramov stuff. Can't wait. It's going to be real ugly. So George saw a movie or the weekend that you're going to hate. You're going to like the Josh like it's like a walk-to-run to go see it. Good weather. Good weather. Right. Good message just kind of a mild delivery. Steering you a weaving. Right. Although you never see him in the movie. We're crying and he was weaving bobbing and weaving. So you hated it and Josh. I hated it. I thought it was mild. It was weak. It had a few months. Great message. Uh six six. Jai. I'll give it a eight. Ah! Wow. That's quite an discrepancy because between a six and eight. Six to me would be. I wouldn't waste my time. Eight. I'd say there were some good parts. But then there was like a real dead. Josh didn't even better than that work. Well. Well. Exactly. Probably stayed away through it. No, I see. Audiences were in a rebellious mood lifting the action-tailed V for independently. Tops by the weekend boss or a fist with 26 for a $1 million debut. The one of Brother's film, which starts Natalie Portman and Hugo weaving. In a story of revolution against a totalitarian British government bucked off the previous weekend's Vx or a fist leaders. Paramounts were made a comedy fader to launch, which they beat a number one sub to second. And a shaggy dog doesn't shaggy dog fell to third. Uh, the weekend's other new wide release Paramount she's the man open in fourth with 11 million. Starring a man to burns. As the team disguising herself as a male to plan a voice soccer team, it amounted up native Shakespeare's prof. Knight. Foxes search lights such a not-when-to-speech sat there. Thank you for smoking. Open to huge numbers and limited release growth. I thought it was called thank you for sharing. Believe that's a man to binds by the way. What I call it? Burnt. Burnt. Oh, binds. V-O-I-N-E-S binds. Thank you so much. Like when each he's, yeah, they bind. The ties to bind. Kind of like, uh, Michael Crickerton. Right. It's got a Crickerton in his leg. Starring, you know, I got a good Michael, got quite an article by the way from New York Times. How do you like that coming up? I'll probably should spend at least two hours on my dream field of pasta. I might say a lot of people's lives out there. You watch her. But a lot of these people try to queue a and dream to your line, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, good morning. Yeah, I got a radio accident over the weekend. Yeah. I was listening to an overnight sports station and for Elle was on. Yeah. And he was talking about how many places he's been all over the country. He said, yeah, when I was in Miami, I was number one. Yeah, sure he was. I think he was more number two than the honest one. He was number one and number two. He has smell it. Right. But he has this habit of lying about his number is like, he, I kicked Howard's ass in the air. No, he didn't. He just makes stuff up. Oh, I mean, yeah, he does his, he doesn't press his impressionable dumpunks. Right. Trump is always saying the influences is the number one show on TV. I could get to see the get him at CSI and Survivor. Yeah, you ever seen the two have together? Same guy, different haircut. Same guy. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's for Elle, man. He's the one that really put us right over the top. You know what? How about now that? Claire, now we got the thrimer ago. And now we're going to be sure. And you guys across the street. You've had to be shaken in your boots. I bet there. I bet Stugos is laughing up his sleeve. Left or right up his spectrum ass. Clarence, the beast and Robert. This is a new roster. Conquering the world together. The kick is ass. And then I'll steal his do-by. Who's the monkey? It's who are fun. Then it will be healed. So, he already party with the animals. I was drinking Jack Daniels all the time. That's not him. Who says it would? Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh... uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh... If there's trouble, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh uh. He's the onion. I admitted that the chicken is in the ass. The fuck. I can do it. If there's a chance for it, then she would. I guess I'm the black sheep or family. He's into the... I recognize that America's one of our troops to come home as quickly as possible. This will not happen. On my watch. We intend to stay forever. Turing's? Sure. Our children, and our grandchildren are grown for body parts. Now, He's an old-new ward. I'm still a two-day sailboat trip. Well, I've made the I need to learn to communicate better. Welcome to the world of curious children. Who only wants to sail more than shame on you. The food we can't get fooled again. That's what Joe Bell says. 1024 or 60's, he's 11 at 5.60. He's the WQAM, so there's a great story about Scientology. I have been Rolling Stone. And the condition? Are you going to read it? Are you out of your mind? Or is it Tom Cruise? Tom Cruise? Oh, hey, Tommy. You're fair. Anyway, it's a lie. It's on our website. About Scientology. It's like that. I never finished reading this about the V-proven data. No. Was it that to my Andy and Larry Watchowski, creators of the Matrix? From a graphic novel about mass-feeding fighter battling British fascism in the near future, like tomorrow. The film was produced by Joel Silver. We also made the Matrix-flist and directed by James McTig, a protege-added with how Skied Brothers. Critics generally gave thumbs up to V-proven data. K-Gamer gave a thumbs up George. No, no. Calling a smarter than average movie visually impressive action-triver, and touches on disturbing notions in a post-9 level world, raising questions about when violence is justified, and examining definitions of freedom-fighting versus terrorism. Far with you folks, I'd watch your a loose change on our website, Part 2 instead. Our 20 minutes. Here we have a movie about a guy who wears a mask, the whole picture with controversial subjects, some hot button issues, not to standard fair movie, and we did a strong opening and attracted a huge amount of people producers silver said. Just before the little Ranger hopped on top. It's got a good message. It's worth a watch, just a real dead middle. Nice seeing. Dead middle? Yeah. Nine of some people like that. Federal drug enforcement agents in Northern California should down in elaborate marijuana candy factory that produced drug lace snacks called roster races, pot tarts, and other turdies and popular products. And these are available where? On line. In fact, there's a long line. Authorities rated five locations last Thursday, addressing 12 people for allegedly running an equivalent of prize. Roster races and pot tarts. Police said the group for the candy and sort of looked like popular treats for were released with pot. Agencies boxes of treats with names like Buddha fingers, monkey way, roster races, pot tarts, and pop a mint patty. Puff a mint patty. The E.A. agents said the certificate operates which called itself beyond bomb. Cultivated thousands of plants and warehouses with factory-like precision. Employees in one location wore white doctor's gowns in punch timeclash when they came to work official said, while they were doing important work. It's hard work. One of the buildings that was rated in Oakland is associated with compassionate caregivers club, a medical marijuana dispensary authority said. Between four and five thousand marijuana plants, a hundred thousand dollars in cash, three weapons and hundreds of marijuana-laced candies and soft drinks were seized in the raise according to the E.A. While the plant popular candy brands might bring on the giggles and some drug agents said they could be dangerous in the wrong hands. This could be tragic young child would likely want to be a drink one of the sodas of the D.E.A.s. have your opinion and then what? And then what? Take it up, I guess. I see. Wow. So here you go. That's the heavy-duty stuff. Luda fingers and, uh, pothole gold. The... South Park Science House, he battle-rages on. How come the phones are ringing off so many people about Dreamfield's pastie yet? I mean, I got a problem Friday who said there was very good. I don't know whether he was diabetic or not. You know, he had to be diabetic to like it. It's much lower in it. It's about the same calories, much lower in carbs, and it's got twice the fiber of regular pasta. That's good. It looks, it looks, and cooks and tastes exactly like your regular pasta. At least, my skin anyway. So it'll help you go. Oh, yeah, I have no problem with that. It's doing just fine. You know? Oh, where? Fine. Yeah. What goes in must come out. But the impact on your blood sugar. I mean, this is a miracle in addition to which I don't have the cravings for sugar anymore. All we can do is it wasn't something I manufactured my head because as you know, when you addicted to drugs like you are, you can't just convince yourself, although I don't want it, I don't want it. You know, you want it. And I don't want it. And it's sugar either. How do you like that? Sounds great. And it has a, you know, it's not high cow. I mean, two ounces goes a long way to keep ending a thing. I'm like regular pasta, which I can eat one bowl and make another pot. I've done that in the past. I've picked out days while I was finishing one big bowl of spaghetti. And the water was already boiling to cook for a second one. Because like we most refined carbohydrates, they stimulate your appetite instead of satisfying it. But with this stuff, man, you're full of the gullet. You feel like loaded. Not loaded, but loaded. Speaking of loaded Tommy Cruz. You're fairie. South Park is declared war on Scientology. Next stone and trade park are creators of the animated center are digging in against the celebrity in Dorsal Religion after controversial episode, mocking outspoken Scientologist Tom Cruz. You're fairie. Was yanked roughly from the schedule Wednesday with internet rumors it was covert warfare by Cruz the lead with stuparture. So Scientology, you may have won this battle, but the million year war for earth has just begun the South Park greater sin of statement Friday and variety. Temporarily anasai and anosanizing, how what is that word? I never heard of that word in my life. I think it's a Scientology word. Is it really? I'm not. I must be. Temporarily anosanizing our episode will not stop us from keeping feet and forever trapped in your pitiful man bodies. You've obstructed us for now, but your feeble bit of safety manity will fail. These guys are the best. Internet blogger's accused Cruz of threatening to not promote mission impossible three, a surefire summer blockbuster if the appending episode ran. Comedy Central is owned by a Viacom as his paramount which is putting out M.I. three. See? See the action right? But Cruz is representative Arnold Robinson, no relation to Smokey, told the AP Friday that the minister made no such demands, not sure Robinson, son I content that he never said that. Called by the AP to a paramount representative was not returned on Friday, can't imagine why. The episode in question trapped in the closet, which first aired last November show Scientology leaders Hailing Stan, one of the show's for a devilish forecreatives as a savior. A cartoon Cruz locks himself in a closet won't come out. You fare an animated genre to evolve another famous Scientologist and there's a closet to try to get him out. It's getting mighty crowded in there I'll tell you. Just like behind George Michael there is a big crowd line up in the same thing in this closet. Oh brother, anyway. A cartoon Cruz locks him in the closet, John Corolla goes in and try to get him out. Another dig at the famously secret of religion, the credits that the show's in are filled with names like John Smith and Jane Smith and a British dad. The battle begins in earnest began in earnest this week when Isaac Hayes and other celebrity Scientologists in long time show member Voice in ladies man chef, quit the show, singing could no longer tolerate its religious intolerance and bigotry, Still in Parkour didn't buy that either, and neither did anybody with a brain. Excuse me but I do believe that's not right. On Monday last Monday, Stone told the AP this is 100% having to do with his faith in Scientology meaning Isaac Hayes. He has no problem with his cash buddy of Czechoslovakia's front of Christians. Comedy Central spokesman said Friday that network full of kind of his love to show the make room for two shows featuring Hayes. In likely events earlier this week wanted to give chef an appropriate tribute by wearing two episodes he's most known for these spokesman said. So trapped in the closet is taking a hiatus. So if you're on hiatus road, right, you glad you got your copy? Oh thank god, I knew that was hard. My life wouldn't be the same. I'm actually a little bit of other people who also enjoyed it just as much as I did. Right, it's one of those things you got to get people to watch. It's a thing important, right, especially with old times. You're fair in the closet and we absolutely will not come out. Eagle, what's the most is they mark helicopters in here. He can't come out. The three of them have a good time in there with our Kelly and his piece. 7177 11, all of thank heaven for 717 number of hosts we got on this pool today. Generally which group of stuff everybody in bugs you the most. Cubans 224 New Yorkers 106 Red Next 63 senior citizens 57. God tell you we're kind of slacken off on those old farts. French Canadians 52 patients 43. I like everybody 42 how boring. African Americans 35. I hate everybody 34 an hour talk but I voted for. I hate this pool 20. Jews 17. Do you make in 8 radio saleshold 6 radio chronic 4 gay 3 and the beast parents and Robert creepy don't have any yet. Boy, that's a good thing. Boy, that's just the triumvirate. So did you QAM hello? Yes. Amy, how are you? Good. I'm on hiatus. I don't see tall anywhere. He's in under the trees behind the house. Oh, that's the cop. That's the plantation. Yeah. Has anybody brought up the gas prices and what the hell happened with 20 cent jump in one day? Thank you Mr. President for his low gas prices. Just get used to win quick bits. Just get used to win. American effin way man. And thanks to this administration we're going to be breaking our dependence on Middle East oil about 150 years from now. So, you know, just just do like a 10 Williams have them put your ass on ice. You're all very whiny and have them melt your ass and bring you back at about 150 years when we won't be dependent on Middle East oil no more. WQAM hello. Sounds awfully quiet. That line doesn't make quiet. Yes, I do. I tell you when to become a coma. I just heard a weird noise. Anyway, I'm a guy that called you on Friday about the dream field. Oh yeah, you're the one. Yes, I am. I am absolutely correct man. It is fantastic. It's like a miracle in my change my life. Oh yeah, the all the boxes are great. Every you know the Feduccini everything is right. I have not had a bad one. Well don't try to try their shirt. Talk to you noodles man. You'll put your guts. I got through that slime right on the trash. Yeah, I thought you know it was on the actin for you know, off and on for you know what's sent you brought it up a few years back. And my wife found the dream fields on. No, no, are you diabetic? Are you diabetic? No, I am not. No, I am not. She just she's been on the actin too and she's always looking for things with splendor and things with you know that are just low and carbs and and are public that in Western here actually carries it on the show. The public in Western carries dream field pasta by doing a bad number on you because it will probably all be gone in one day. Yeah, I know I shouldn't even say that. Right. I just want to wait. The better stock up. No, okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. And here's the guy that's already on to it. People are saying, what's the big deal with that? Let me say it again. It doesn't spike your blood sugar. Guys not diabetic. So I can't ask him well how much does it you know. Of course, then there are some people with diabetes who even checked their blood sugar. I don't want to mention a name. I don't understand him at all you know. I mean I wish nothing but the best for the hunt for a bite. I don't understand how he keeps functioning. How he continues being alive you know. If I were to say. Yeah, no call that. No, I already went on talk. I know. I've been through it. I thought I wanted to come in. I just, you know, he and she's well, what's that all about? He's been about as much of course the thing of it is since he doesn't cook. It's against his religion. Could be internet and cooking are against the hunt for religion. He doesn't into that. Right. That means he's eating restaurant too. Right. He's all loaded with restaurants. So we're in about our options. We're in hidden, not a sugar and bad sugar. That's all they put in that stuff. But I mean, really it doesn't take all that long. Like, and don't, don't, well, cook it as long as it says in a package by the way. So there's a nine, we'll have minutes. Eight minutes is perfect. Boyle is great minutes and a drain it and then you'll sit on your stuff. Thanks for your low carb sauce or whatever you want. Actually, I find it a lot of the regular commercial sauce. There's at least some of them have only had the same amount of carbs as the other. They're low carb stuff. Only like six grams. For half a cup. I don't know about you, but man, for me, Italian food, pasta, all kinds. Like, I live for that. In the fact that I've had it all these years, I've had it all these years. So I let it get, and can't eat it without having my blood sugar grow to 4,500. I can eat my weight and spaghetti every day. There you go. And so you get the dream feels, man. I'm done. Tonya. Green is field. DREA. We're in the spell of four. We put DREAMS FIA-ELD. Green's field. It just doesn't sound right. Well, that's the name of the house. I've changed it for you. Okay. The green field sounds bad. Green is field. But the change it. Dreamsfieldfood.com. That's it. I'll change it for you. Alright, life is by the dream. This is the real Rogers show. This is the real Rogers show. This is your play. Any questions? Yes. You're a little bit too. I went a little bit for sisters. I was thinking about losing weight. I said don't steal. And they got a major said. They said way to make a mister. There's always so much we can do. Do this time. I think lap is such a may be. The only thing for you. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the fairy. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the way you suck the way you're right on me. I don't have to die. I don't have to go and get a sauce. I don't have to worry. I don't know voters or my fires. I can save the life of such a, you know, farm a brand of man. Both got the Uber. I suck the bad out of stats and games. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the bad up a fairy. I suck the way you're right on me. You want me to go get the box? You better. Hey, what was that called that that you just played the wait. I suck the bad up my fan. Is it in here? There it is. I found it. What? Do you know what? I found it. Anyway, there's no Ascent that is dream fields. I told you. Oh. Well, if you go online, the problem is because I like to give comments about the stuff to let you verify or argue with whatever my can rings are. Oh, just hurting my ear. Dream fields. Dream fields. And we're playing fields by the brothers for a question. Sure. This is dream field. Why did it write it down? Dream fields. Healthy car bliving. And this is spaghetti authentic pasta. And it gets just made from a symphony. And it's not made from tofu or a lung like that. Other stuff that I chewed on the toilet. I put it on the trash. Oh, that stuff was nasty. Those shoelaces. Awful. There you go. Dream fields that dream fields by the brothers for. And I just say, dream fields. There were green fields. And the pepper fields. Yes. On to the sun. Anyway, Krelant. Does that ever rock? Dream fields. What do we do? Does it ever rock? Does it make up later? No, that's it. That's it. That's it. It's gone. Okay. It's from back in the, the mellow 80s, 70s, 60s, 60s. I was year on that. 60s. 60s. 60s. So it's green fields. So please, you know, I already sense that you link trash. You probably ought to put that under today. I don't want to like, uh, get me, you know, put the pressure on, but I will anyway. Well, all right. Do it. Rock. Please. Pretty please. Because these people are going to be, I'm telling you, find it like crazy. In the fact that the guys are well, if publics and westerns got it, probably publics, theories, green fields. And you don't have to be diabetic to enjoy it. And you don't have to be least bit interested for what I care, because otherwise, then you go out and grab it all up. And then diabetic people, you need the most. They're not going to be able to get it. I'd say you want to think if I wasn't anyone, those, uh, low carb stores, I realize low carb thing is supposedly off, but not if you diabetic. If I was in one of those businesses, man, I'd go out there. I didn't have enough of this stuff to like, fill 400 warehouses. All the way to the ceiling, yeah? You follow what I'm saying? Yeah. Follow your right. Ven is way low and prison. And not like that, but this unlike a lot of those low carb things, like the sugar substance, who's with the maltathol and stuff like that, they make you the, oh yeah. They were close to the pot all day long. Doesn't have any kind of effect like that. Ven is way low and prison. Hugo Chavez, yes, that a lot, they're litany of insults that US prison and George W. Boy. Oh, right. Hugo Hugo, ranging from donkey to drunkard in response to one house report, for any of the left wing leader, a demagogue. Chavez is one of Bush's fiercest critics. And as repeatedly accused, the West government of seeking to outstim from the presidency of Venezuela, the world's number five, or the Sporter and the supplier of around 15% of US food imports. Speaking of crude in Venezuela, I got a story about naked Venezuelans posing for art. All right. You are a donkey, Mr. Bush said Chavez speaking in English on his weekly Sunday broadcast. You're an alcoholic, Mr. Danger, or rather you are drunkard. Mr. Danger. Chavez said referring to Bush by nickname, he frequently uses to describe the US president, Mr. Danger. I like that. One house report released last week on primitive forced national security described Chavez as a demagogue who uses Venezuela's oil vault to be stabilized democracy in the region. Come on, East. Washington's increasingly at odds with a former soldier over his close alliance with Cuba and Iran, US officials dismisses anti-U.S. Tire's rhetoric meant to steer nationalism before presidential elections in December. Chavez's remarks also came after Venezuela's universal newspaper hooded in interview with US Ambassador to Venezuela, William Brownfield, who we had a way to discuss government's concern over growing ties between Venezuela and Iran. Tensions between Washington and Caracas rose in January, while we know about that. But it would be pretty good for about now. Much more interesting, more interesting to recent, I'm sure. More than 1500 Venezuelans, where listen, there's a picture here. We're like they're all sniffing each other's. Black dough, like the ragheads, man. That's a, that's a sense or tuna eel. It's not going to go over really, yes. Not going to go over really big in the Arab street, talking about the Arab sniffing each other's, uh, breakfast, and magic flying carpets. While they're doing those daily prayers about 400 times a day. How many times did they do those prayers? Not by herd and man. Rather, good exercise, I guess. Rock it on that carpet. More than 1500 Venezuelans shed their clothes on a main city avenue yesterday to post for American photographer Spencer Tunic. Now, did they have to take off their tunics? Always. Forming a human mosaic in part of a national symbol, a statue of independence hero, Sigmund Bolivar, and a sort of picture here, and, uh, believe me. I've been a caracass that one day and I don't think I'd want to smell that scene. 1500 Venezuelans crawl around. As Tunic shouted commands to a megaphone, rude, and not rude. Well, probably, nude people, where they shave size and skin tone, gather on the avenue and stairs in front of the statue, just before dawn a statue of Sigmund Bolivar. And there was no scene in there, so then he had a photo up the yankin to down. There were some people over there with clothes, get them out of here, said Tunic and artists from Brooklyn was been documenting groups of nude people in public places around the world since 92. For the volunteers being part of Tunis' artmen letting go of inhibitions and doing a two-hour series of sometimes uncomfortable positions on the pavement. Carol Velasquez, see, there's another one, and there's in a z. Within 23-year-old university students, he was nervous before the 430 AM event, but felt free while posing. He felt free. I put the lightest clothes on that I had this morning because I knew I wouldn't have gone for long as smiling for last case said, there were good vibrations, a good positive energy among all people in Vrala, I felt liberated, and a good vibration. The nude subjects posed standing lying down and on their knees, according to orders by Robert Gruper, as the warm Caribbean set emerged on the eastern horizon. OK, mental chairs and movements in the enthusiasm to crowd-made shooting tough at times to make sense. Oh, yes, some of the movements, man. Can you even imagine? It was difficult to work because the people were so exuberant, so it took a little bit longer, but I got what I wanted, he said after the session. The body represents beauty, love, and peace. There was a lot of beauty in energy in the people today. To it to photo us from opposing angles, using buildings with large outside comms as a backdrop on one side, and a fork in the wide palm tree in the line, Avenue on the other side. The artist who's been arrested multiple times while shooting in the US, and he was happy to have the darker skin subjects. Most of the women's railings are considered a missytsl, no, that's not it, missytsl. A seizo, a seizo, yes, engines. A mix of Spanish, African, and indigenous bloodlines. You know, I've thought about it for at least five seconds and convinced you we do are. I want people of color deposes, you know, I want you to like Teddy Roosevelt so much. I want people of color deposes to come out and participate in my work, so I was very lucky to be able to set an Andy Jackson 2. To it to set each volunteer receiver a print of the installation. I'm not going to tell my mother about this daughter, receive the print said Josef Amarriy Aburcino, a 35 year old surgeon who posed this fight having second thoughts. What's your name? Josie Fa. She's going to think I'm crazy, said Josie Fa. JOS EFA. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Josie Fa. Soon 566, it will ride on a larger star to unique. It's dream field. It's green fields. Dream fields. Wouldn't its be You told me to spread hope. I tried the best. I figured it was not the best. of low-for- Haitian 800 times. Why is that? Because, you know, they can never give my drive through water, right? You know, after begging, you know, they're totally rude, you know? They won't even look at me either, just sitting there talking to each other. What do you mean? What are you doing? Well, how unusual that is. I'm not going to be exclusively Haitian people. And recently, they've been added to the race of the pizza delivery workforce. Are you not going to Haitian people who are never going to get your pineapple? Yaman. Yaman. Yeah, this guy, they probably are tracing the call right now. But God bless them either, they're out there working. They're working around yourself about 50 cents an hour, and you're driving in Jitney's two-man, don't get on one of those. Well, let's see how the poll is coming out of this poor guy's picking on the Haitians. I'm going to disguise picking on the four Haitians. 775 vote. Generally, which group of self-reliance bugs you the most? Cubans 240. New Yorkers 121. Redneck's 80. 66. Senior Citizens 65. French Canadians 57. Parlevuget lost. I like everybody 43. But they're moving up the ladder. I hate everybody 39. African American 38. I hate this full 22. Rounds with Jew 18. Jew makins eight. Radio sales school six. Radio chronic five and gays only four. So let me take one. Now, let me ask you this. How do we know for sure if somebody is like Jamaican Haitian or like maybe from Trinidad and Tobago or like partly Dago? How do we know that? You talk to him. Oh, you do? I'm me. You do all the sudden. I'm just saying the way I find a good machine. I'm great. I've worked hard so I can do them. And then any of the rest of us put together. No, do I. That's what you think. Let me see. I talk to all these people. Well, you're there. I talk to some of them. You're a little bit like you think like you're using. Get out of my way. You know, things like that. Somebody QAM. Hello. A New Yorkers going away. Okay. A New Yorker. A New Yorker. I got in my public. There's, there's, there's, there's all of the public. I've noticed. But it still got carbs in it, right? It's not as, it's a sugar type carbs. It's got 42 carbs, but only five of them for serving our digestible carbs. It's a very complicated thing which I'm going to read this thing in her little while about how supposedly works. And I know for a fact that it's, it must be accurate because if it had all the carbs that, you know, 42, my blood sugar will go soaring. I couldn't eat it. Right. Because I'm going to low carb die. You know, not just for a diabetes, but just loosen weight. I'm, you know, getting back to the normal body body fat down. Do it man, do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can I low foth man. I'm like you. Even even by the, tub full. Good luck, you're, you know, yeah. Fill up your, uh, bathtub. Total carbs 42 grams, but only five grams for serving our digestible in your running. Well, what is that? Some kind of a scan? I don't think so. Try it. Try it. Try it. If your blood sugar goes up to 600, you know, don't eat it again. And you probably won't. For anything else. Dreamfield, baby, would you get a right dreamfield? We put that thing on our website, you know, what? It's been central on. We had a sense in here. Yes, I'm not able to do that course. Well, why, why not? It's a new story. I don't have the power. Oh, you want me to put it up as a story? Yeah, put it on our homepage. I want us to story. It just put the link up for people. What, what are you talking about? You want me to diagram it like a story. It's their homepage. You sent me. Do you want to interpret what he's talking about for me? I'm going to put up a link. There's going to be a link up. That's, you know, for people to go to. Right. With like a label over it, say, and you know, click here for this. I'm that crazy. What's wrong with that? Can we pop that up right under nine? Love the loose change, right under the picture of a, oh, some of your mama that morphs into OJ? Can we do that? Oh, sure. What good? Let's do it. Well, let's not wait for fat Eric. He's probably probably cooking up a storm. This is the real rock. How's it in Harvard tonight? How is five, sixteen? Two, two, three. Two, two, three. There's no lures. Two, two, three. Oh, God. Have you seen someone beyond my, I've been a fellow ball. I've seen five, I've seen a buzz. But never did it all. I ain't seen one there, planning. None one is out of the car. You've got to have a fight for you both, And don't say the same power ball. I'll fire up those quicksets, I'm spending all my dreams. Pulling money from my wallet, Then always leave me clean. I'm hot by 20 inches. With every ball that follows. I've been dead thanks for my quicks. And don't say the same power ball. Yes, I'm a power ball. Do you turn each of them, or I have been. But the power ball, no one's got to get them, Play that first day. 118 to Q and we got bowl for where we used to have bowl From two to four. And that's because we're still dragging our feet, Didlin' around. And of course, what would you expect when we got Clarence and the Beast and Robert Grieber Running the radio station enjoys? We got Joe Bell, who's just like I told you, He's the class clown. What did they used to have in England? Back in the day? The court gesture. Remember that? Yeah. The court gesture. Follow what I'm saying? Yeah. W to Q and hello. And things keep going as they are When that next book comes out, Maybe he'll be crying the tears of a clown. Cute. I'm waiting to hear it. Smokey, come on. Let's go. Hey, hear us speaking of the Lord. You're very favorite. Katherine Harris. Finding inspiration from God, The last of the Moeekins and Lord of the Rings, Katherine Harris told hundreds of conservative Christians This past weekend. She's a work in progress. Oh, if he's a piece all right. Harris told the National Television audience Last Wednesday that she'd be spending $10 million of roll and money to win Florida's US Center Race, such he would never have entered politics If you didn't believe that God wanted to make public service Part of her life. Like the president. Feel God. I want her to be the candidate. All right. I want to build an else in the beat. I want 40 points in the can fix it. The service area of Congresswoman's campaign for the Senate's been in a free fall. She is struggle based money. Nearly all her top campaign advisors have left. Several try to persuade her to quit the race. Since she had no chance of winning none. Zipity, do-da. But appearing on Fox News channels, Hannity and Cones. Harris said she will not enter campaign. We'll spend her legacy from her father. Everything I have. I'll give it to us instead. Can you would be with the beast with Senate? Now, Josh would know because you've been there. You plunge a little bit of, uh, all you don't play the slots. Although, although I will tell you, I told you, when my friend won the 10 grand that won't come. It was his first pull for like a quarter. He put him one quarter. He put in a quarter, one 10 grand on one pull. But then business where you got to play nine coins. Well, on it. To get the progressive jackpot. Nine? Three. Yeah. It sounds like a Robert Leapert had a casino to me. I'll pass. More than 800 conservative Christians were attending a two day annual conference called reclaiming America for a Christ at the Anxious Crawbridge Presbyterian Church in for Lauderdale. That's the Anxious Reverend of the D. James Kennedy. Harris received a standing ovation when she routed the pulpit from these pharbiscite of glam. She told the crowd that she stood under Francis Schaffer and Geneva Switselen. Schaffer is considered a father of the modern evangelical movement, which encourages his advocating Christian beliefs in public life. Schaffer and his book a Christian manifesto called for Christian activists to demand biblical morality and a government of pharis. Harris, a Presbyterian, said she redirected her life to the Lord when she was only in the third grade. She said she was blessed to be raised in a godly family. It's godly rich family. The two term car was someone who is best known for role in fixing the 2000 presidential election. Many Democrats in Republicans believe that Harris will be able to use the famed to raise millions for a campaign once he democrat Bill Nelson. Harris has been able to raise the large sums. By the end of 2005, Nelson had more than $8 million his campaign account. Harris had a little more than one million. The term at a stand of race he said she's giving inspiration from Bill rights book, the joy of super natural thinking, believing in God for the impossible. Everything is possible with God, said Harris who never directly mentioned or sent a campaign. She said to the young woman she was inspired by the movie D. James, because people were willing to die for something bigger than themselves. Harris was also moved by the Lord of the Rings movies saying they too suggested sometimes you mention in life as bigger than the individual. After a speech he declined to meet with reporters, later she visited the Palm Beach seafood festival or she mingle with a crowd. She took the role lesson from those movies. Yeah, evil is doomed to fail, bitch. That means you. No, we're happy that she's run on a scale. Yeah, because she's going to fail. If the Democrats want to pick a better candidate, it couldn't find room. That may be pressed in hand. At least he's good for a few. That's what Nick tomorrow said. Airline, oh wait a minute. Somebody QA and hello. Neil, yes. They ought to be looking into the timely depth of her father right about the same time she needs the cash for her campaign. Oh my God. Wow. Also, I don't know if any of you are drinking something else in the strength. What is it? The Antaroce Greenchuse was on Bill. It's more. And she got it ripped the new one. By Belver the comedian. And John Stewart was ripping Rick Sanchez on the daily show. They always liked that John Stewart. It's several turns. He was ripping Rick Sanchez just just everything. John, I'm going to drive. That was pretty good. Does it feel like Neil, I am out of material. Okay. Too late. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. Airline pilot's thing, not from MIA, are getting an earfold hip hop tunes from a power radio station that sometimes interferes with their communications with a controlled power. The music comes on a pair of frequencies from a station that calls itself Dust Streets, VA, STRETZ, Dust Streets. It's intermittent. Not all day every day. The Kathleen Bergen, F.A. spoke to them. But they're going to occasionally control the process quicker part of flying. There you go. Exign the streets. That's what then you're going to see. You wanted to know the answer to the answer. That's the lot. To some crappy old AM radio station. That's run by a bunch of crazy people. Affirmity is traced to signals to an antenna nearby warehouse. But did not find the district. All they did confiscate equipment including three computers and a CB player. Question. Question. Comments. Comments? Comments. Comments. The spite that's discovered in the season is broadcast of continued authorities. Said, a call seeking company yesterday in FAA weekend contact number in Atlanta was answered by a man who said he was too busy to talk. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. The FAA said it's conducted about 30. About 30 minutes. Some of our investigations of part of broadcast interfered with their four transmissions over in the past decade. The FDLE is helping with the investigation under the state law that went into effect a year ago. And I said a felony to interfere with signals from licensed public or commercial stations or to broadcast without a license like we do every day. The 30 said the owner of the warehouse had no idea the building was being used by an illegal radio access to you on well they are. All you people out there always go into bad for the power radio station. Screw that man and the pirates. By the way, don't watch that awful secret window with Johnny Dev speaking of pirates. Let's see. So I like to see any plans to weigh. Have one question if you see him and Victor Borger together. And George, what's your take on the new episodes of the Safranos? Is this facts? First one, good, second one, bad. Okay. And all I could see me, who is the designer? Faction designer. Who that was? Oh, it's heard the name. You never even heard him. No. He's dead, nobody cares. That's why they put it on. Who cares? Generally, which group of somebody who is above you the most? Tissues you off. 819 votes. We'll make a thousand of you today, Josh. If you like it or not. You impressed? Very. Good. By the way, raise any money if that thing. I did. Yeah, I think I got a hundred bucks. Oh, well, we don't have any idea how much what the deal is. What we got. We'll get a total eventually. Yeah, eventually I'll get around. I'm done. I'm done. That's right. Remember that song count me in by your loose in the playboys? No. Yes, you do. Count me in. Count me out. I don't see the link on there by the way this is Dreamfields. Is it coming on there? Is it like Mr. Joe? There you go. Count me in. I told you, Gary Lewis, when he started speaking again. And if your father was Jerry Lewis, you'd probably put speak in two. What year ever? So you've got one. Sixty six. Plus, six, five. I was going to say 65. What? We didn't want to always count for good. Gary Lewis and was so Jewish. 820 votes on a poll. Cubans 254 New Yorkers 131. Rednex pissed me off 70. I wrote a per Cubans just to piss you off. Senior System 87. Well, because I knew they would win. Senior System 67. I got a top on the bad wagon. I saw for my audience man. Jump on the bad wagon. We love the panthers. They're really hot. Let's go. A first getting in 60. Patients 48 or is that hot. Patients, I'm sorry. I like everybody 44. I hate everybody 42. See men's and men's are like they just balance each other out. African American 38. I hate this poll 24. Jews 21. Jew-maken Z. Mon. See nobody don't like the Jamaicans because they got the good crap. Radio Chronix A6. Radio sales holes 6. Gaze 4. And Robert Creeper, I think, has already covered one of the above. He ain't on their yet. This. Hey Robert. You brought this. This is 5. 16. 2. A6. But, Radiance, done as dirt. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. The rest. We're going with the practice. Starts. We need a vessel. Come on. Come on. Come on. There's a way to be jelly-aith. And like that smile. The game will drop you in the snow. They're ready. Come on. Come on. They're ready. Come on. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. They're ready. For real? You guys get lost. The match will offer us full top roundspot and the Crazy ascent on the pagar Equipment Office. Keep the ball up close. There's some small ball there. There's two of those. One of the five players in general. We're going to successful football, one of the five shots in the world. of this, this is the worst memo in history of broadcasting. No, how about the food memo? What, it, I would be? Yeah, not even close. Not even the Earth. On a different level. What? That whole eating on the Earth is the bad radio. Not even close. From Josh Darrell, aka Clarence, our program director of Carbon Capital Joe Bell to Q&A employees. Ray, Beast and Gruper. I have listed Brian London in Robert Greeper to assist me in running the WQM programming department. If they ask you for something, please comply. They are communicating decisions I have made goals. I have made and goals that I have for the radio station. They are communicating decisions I have made and goals that I have for the radio station since Clarence and overgrown child. Yeah, please consider that when they contact you and if any issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally. Also, if I cannot be found and there is a pressing issue, please send them for any assistance. Brian and Robert have been with WQM for a long time. How many years? Yeah, and are deserving of this. They are passionate about this station and care about its sound and success. I am glad they agreed to help me with this endeavor. The worst memo in the history of radio, okay? Absolutely unbelievable. Like a bunch of five-year-olds came into your business. Those of you who work in any kind of a business and invite, I would like to a bunch of five-year-olds came in and said, okay, let's put on a memo. We're running things now, okay? You don't want to understand? If I told you once, I told you, yeah, I find that that's what was going on. Joyce is guy, she and Clarence are joining the hip. They're standing in a snare drum. They're standing in a witch's back, though, behind, okay? And so as a result now, Joe, who is just the, what did that comic get? What was the word? The orchestra? The orchestra. And I just knew that. He's just handed the keys to the kingdom over at least children. It's definitely the dilemma, over again, boys and girls. I'll boy, you made a mistake. 27, I don't know the QM, but we just continue pressure long and that's a little B. One day we'll be like a Chinese laundry instead of pressure long. We press and pants, but that's okay. Why not? As long as the check keeps coming in. Oh, and also, by the way, on Wednesday, now is it possible, Josh, because you probably know more about than we do? The NIT basketball is impossible. There could be a day game. Yeah, I think it is. Is it? Well, let's worry about them winning. If the hurricane's beat creatin' well, what about if they lose or done? This is a one of those deals you don't get twice. Right. But if they beat creatin' well, creatin' is like a long beat state, okay? Like a little girl school, if he asked me, creatin' well, I remember a Dave creatin' a hockey player went to play for the Amherks and for the Leafs for about five minutes. You never know what the hurricane's basketball team is well. What do you mean by that? The Leafs are like a dolphin, pal, long beat states and girls still. So, if they win tonight, which their plan is on K, because nobody wants to hear it, obviously we're not going to print the pants again, because they all am calling to be really peeled about that. Let's see, if we got the link on there that Dreamfields, no. I see Rumsfield. Representative Murthus's Rumsfield and Chinese should resign. Retire. But I don't see what Dreamfield yet. Is it going on there or not? Don't play with my emotions now. This is important to stop moving important, please. I'm sure it'll be up there soon. On other words, Eric has got his fine, fat finger involved in this. He has to do it. Oh, God willing, those were that spin. Now, here's what it says, resilience. All I've said, that's the full. How many Brazilians we got in South Florida? I'm third man. I didn't realize we're going to like narrow it down. But we're going to take out a few. I've come down to stand. For Asians, it says they're all illegal. They work for four bucks an hour and they do crappy work. Well, it says Schmitti quality work. They live 12 people for how they drive like maniacs. They speak Portuguese gibberish. Well, they can speak Portuguese. That's true. They park on their lawns. They're sneaky, sliced nasty. They have those ugly, damn blue and green, sticker-sized flags. And what tell those broscar mean? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's the last thing. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't know. That's the last thing. Maybe somebody will call in and tell us what broscar means if we want to take any calls. I got all I dreamt to do the pasta stuff. I'm going to go and do a great detail about new mish. Huh? That's a good time to start doing that. Some people are eating their lawns. All right? Right. Meanwhile, see, I like the way to phone this work. Because they're coming in like one crawler. They're high. They're really interested in gibberish. And half the time does nobody on there. So you don't have to feel bad about not taking all the call. WQAM. Hello? QAM? Yeah, we made a clean sleep on a sweet sleep. Boy, these people outside the last couple of weeks. I don't know what's going on. Must be the sunshine. Must be melting their brain. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey. Just wanted to tell me all that what broscar was. What is it? That's just a bunch of these stores near my house. Just a bunch of car dealers. That's what it says. Just the RIS, the R. That's so cold. Other than the Brazilian car? Yeah, Brazilian car dealership. They sell used cars. Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. I'm going there anytime soon. There you go. Brascar. That means they say Brazilian bravillian thing. I don't know too much about bravillians. Bravillian. I remember on-risk canters streaming in the onion bravillian. Bravillian is gone. Bravillian. That's about how I was talking about how I was. And they're mad and so we're the wooded. Well, that's what I'm hearing. Yeah. That's what they say. In Rio and Co Paulo, I told that one time I was going to go to Co Paulo. And then I realized it was in nine hours flight for Miami. Boys long way down there. It's a long way down. And nine hours man. You could fly like to Europe and then some. You could fly probably to Iraq in nine hours. When you want to go to Baghdad? Oh yeah. Sure. Happy to weigh him. Hello. Happy to go for a pair of British phoenix. But that's too broad. Man, so I'm saying, you know, Latino people. We need more than a narrow narrow we're done. We got to present Bravillian's on there. Let's have everybody go to Brass car and buy a say, I used Bravillian car. What do you say? Bravillian's going to have any votes here. It's just one honor. I've already got eight, fifty six. We got that thousand leaked. How we coming on that thing, Eric, on our thing. Dreamfields. I got let's see, Greenfields. This is here. If you want to hear the brothers forcing Greenfields. Click here. I would say nothing about Dreamfields' possons. Really pissing me off. Big time. I usually don't get pissed off about the website. But now it's like frosting my fat ass. It's the most important thing I've discovered in my whole life. Maybe. Well, one of the most important. You don't think it's important crap? Sure. I mean, a diabetic sense. One of the worst things that we have to give over is our pasta. Basta La pasta, man. And all of a sudden you can have it back. And right here at the box on a front it says, right on the box. Now, adjustable carbs, five grams per serving. 65% lower glycemic index than regular pasta. It's like the five-or regular pasta. And actually cholesterol free and zero grams of transparent. What's not to like, right? We signed rubber grieper. WDQAM, hello. QAM. How do you handle bloodless goo? Yes, man. I just wanted to comment, I'm sorry. I think it's to that full the other day. But I'm the one. I guess apparently the one. Young white girl who was supposed to show herself. Oh, right. That's you. Well, thank you. I would've put one on. But I love you. And I love George. And he has such a sexy voice. He is. Wait, wait. Can you see him? That'll change your mind in the hurry. OK, thanks. I don't care. OK. There's like voices. That's OK. Like, you know, is. Corny.com. That's really good. Yeah. WQAM, hello. I'm not really sure whether that is a real thing. Yeah. Real real. I don't know. I don't know. That's the sound that's beginning to make where it's boiling over. That's the beefy. Oh, yeah. Come on, QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. That's the sound is coming out of the pot. Yes. Kate and I have that gross number. Listen up. You know, George has something to do with the day. And I actually dug through my collection of years and years of years of years. Of your yearly takes. About the Duane stomping and showing up. He's right. In all those versions, it's never made sense. And I found that tape that I made years ago. It's like, yeah, there's a long way. Yeah, the original long one. It was in the three main minutes. I was back in the days of when you and our entail were like, you know, pretending to be gay. I mean, you actually were doing that, are you? No. Just a little bit. Good for you. Bye. That's a big charad. Hmm. Hmm. First of all, we never played any comedy bits in WNW snooze. Okay, so you're with it, pal. As far as Alice ran tell. Hey, man. Self-hating. WQAM, hello. You're the days of when you and our entail. Do I am? Neil. You're the guy. Hey, Neil. You know, tomorrow they're coming out with a gay, pregnant fox. A godfather. Coming out with one? A gay, for the play system guy, a fox. Okay, great. I can't wait. This is Neil Rogers. This is 566. So good. It's new. And it's that Burger King. Godfather Trunks, he action figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each wiper, fries, and super large drink. And that's a super large drink. No exceptions. Get Sony in his favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carl O'amford. He punches out Sony, sister. Or get the bullet riddle body of Sony. After he gets it at the Jersey cold boot. Wow. Isn't that great? Impress all your friends with the Don himself. I'm making an offer. He can't or gear. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember, it's only business. And it's at Burger King. I mean, thank you. Something like that. It's 11.44 or 6. He needs to know in a QAM. What kind of the Marling game, my name? I'm 11.30. That's where we're late. Iraqi cleric was gazed killed in the most severe way. Not lightly killed like money, but in the most severe way. In the midst of sectarian violence that threatens to drag your rack in a civil war, the country's influential Shiite cleric ran Ayatola Ali Nalsas and the Pakistani as they should. A violent death order against Gaze and Lesbians on his website, according to London based LGBT human rights group Outrage. Written in Arabic, the Fatwa, the Fatwa, comes from a press conference with a powerful religious theory where he was asked about these actions on Saudi Arabia and Lesbians. For a bidden to the Pakistani answered according to our rate, Tanya's in fact killed. The people involved should be killed in the worst most severe way of killing. Kill them like heavily. And so lightly. Consuming Pakistani statual influence within the Iraqi Shiite majority, Outrage members, I'll remember Ali Hill, Hilly, the clear-of-the-clerish statements extremely dangerous. So Stani's murderous, homophobic incitement is given a green light to Shiomusums to hunt him kill Lesbians in A men's and Hilly. We hold Stani personally responsible for the murder of Lesbian Gaze, bisexual and transgender Iraqis, he gave the killer's theological sanction and encouragement. Kind of like George Bush. Sistani is a leading member in voice of the Shiite sect, which in Iraq is approximately twice as many followers as the Sunni. And there is a civil war going on, but it's only like a small civil war. That's what I see now. Yeah, in fact, that's what Chuck Hagle said yesterday on this week with George Steffan Tompavus. He said, say, low grades to the generals and told him it's a low grade civil war. For very simple. But then again, they're low grade people, somebody expect something high grade? No. Ads offer to swap rent for sex. All right. There you go, George. All right. Upscale Executive, it's a beautiful female 18 and 24, 11 is as much we kind of encroold evils for a dollar a month and exchange for some light duties. Help take your dog, cook occasionally, six, two times a week, serious inquiries only, please email a picture for consideration. Six, two times a week, that's not much. The cruel, the cruel, the equals man who offered that starling picture to recent posting on the popular website, Craigslist.com, which is not the same as Reemfield Pasta.com. Craigslist.com is among the growing pool of men who routinely see sexual favors in the room for rent sex in internet ads. Such postings have a bartering of homes for sex. Not only worsen because they target your own woman who may be desperate for affordable housing and so forth as harsh real estate climate, they may also be illegal. It would be of concern to us that Sergeant Kelly Sullivan with the Dave Police Department's Organized Crime Unit, it's a former prostitution because they're enticing on girls and may be strapped for cash. How about some young girls who want to be strapped for free? Okay. That's better. Trading your own for sex over the internet is relatively fresh terrain for law enforcement, so much so, that Solomon and men and he wasn't aware this was happening. And the vastly unregulated world of the internet room for rent ads in the classified sections of various internet sites to become the new frontier to solicit sex and seek other exacting demands. Requirements that indicate a preference for a particular religion racial ethnicity, for instance, may violate federal housing laws and legal aimless say, one group in Chicago was filed a lawsuit against Craigslist, not about the sexual ads, but pertain to ads that demand roommates of a particular racial religion or set up any preference protected by federal law. The men who posted sexually explicit and seeking women are demanded and responded to a brief interview, the Harold found no ads by women making similar sexual demands. What a shame. They'll maybe they ought to. That distinction said so, if a Breon directed the Mami chapter of the Women's Movement now is a fair sign of women continue to be marginalized and exploited. Oh yeah, there we go with that crap again. And advertisements soliciting women for certain, I mean, since the beginning of time women have been marginalized and exploited, so while you Bible-fearing people out there, that's what it says, okay? Advertisement soliciting women for sex exchange for housing are offensive and disturbing, she says, they're an indicator of how much worse the leads to be done to eradicate institutional equities and harmful attitudes to her women that persist. The Gables Adverse Movement after Craigslist users complained to side operators, a practice that side noted. But the similar ads have been posted in the online class of a sex community alternatively, the Mami New Times, the New Times. Oh my God. In addition to please for sex postings include demands of prospective tenants, be a specific race or religion of attractive, of course. We're willing to walk the dog, go clubhopping, clean the house while clan and only lazy underwear, and perform essential massages often at deeply discounted rents or free. Deep massages. Free rent for a party girl with several extomission points if you'd like to party to want to pay rent, well then send a pick and send them in for about yourself. I'll let you know. I'd like what I see. I'll email my phone number. This inter-around Broward. The number of sex-lays close to an ads very on any given day from dozens to a handful, a small handful. A search Friday on Craigslist for a search-lays existence to roommate ads in South Florida, finally six such ads among potentially thousands on the side. Craigslist. We don't want to give it on here. CRA, G-S, L-I-S-T, Craigslist.com. In Miami, Sal Diaz. City posted an online ad for a young attractive female to share his two bedroom-to-bent apartment for $365 because that's exactly what the young in hands of 26 year old mortgage broker wanted. I decided not to be around a bush, but they were never what you're going to get. I get a lot of phone calls from guys if you were kind of weird. Sal said, I wonder how he made up. South Florida's not the only fertile terrain for ads that stipulate questionable demands that Chicago lawyers committee for civil rights recently filed lawsuit against Craigslist for allowing ads to group the views of discriminatory. The suit argues that since July 2005 Craigslist is a lot more than 100 ads to run unchallenged on in Chicago based side. The ads include such languages no minorities, Christians only, and non-women of color need not apply. Similar lines of appearance South Florida postings on Craigslist. Here's one. 375 bucks. Christian female to share one bedroom Miami Beach apartment. I'm looking for a Christian female to share a clean and civil-undid room apartment to blast from the beach. Internet companies have long argued that they're immune from any liability based on a section of the 1960s and the 1970s. There are interpretations of federal law and Internet providers are not liable for users. Postings because the states are merely facilitators and publishers, although such as Craigslist to buy income through partnerships with other Internet companies, many of the services provided are free. Hey, like that. And for Zion and Iran. Craigslist.com. We have nothing to do with that. And we're not promoting it nor will we give it on the year. Will we? No. No. Now how we doing at thing? We got to hear it. Let's not be there. I send them a little chat in the chat box. He's not there. I have no doubt. I'm going to be there. Public's looking for the dream fields past and are you kidding me? Thanks. Oh, well. You know, the one day that we need him desperately, that we need his services on it because John can't seem to get it up, is the day he's not there. And they're trying to frost your flat ass. No, that really. Well, pisses me off. Big time. Eric. That's bad. Train kills seven on reality TV show. A solid story. In Machinavita, you're away. Have you been to your away? No. Oh, no. A little puppy. He went a little brown eye. Yeah. Travelers. You're a girlfriend. They're in Kagan. She's talking about his little brother. Yeah. His BDIs. Seven residents of a U.S. Glion town were killed Friday when they were run over by a train. They were moving manually as part of reality TV show. They're raising funds for local hospital. Can't get much more real than that. But to dead people. Several hundred townspeople from young about 235 miles west of the capital of Montevideo were hauling a local load of into a task cars down a track pushing and pulling from different sides when some participants fell into the wheels. Several other people were hurting Friday sex in three of them critically. I witnessed on a fortella told local radio station that the train was moving when somebody slipped in from the local motor and others were falling alongside it. For a short time, somebody said, my arm, for teleset. Everybody was in the state of shock. The residents were taking part of the program, a challenge to the heart in which you are going to meet them. Can raise funds for local charities by completing difficult tasks set by the network. In this case, moving a train in certain distance down the railroad tracks. We're deeply saddened in Channel 10. That's not our channel. Ten offers its solidarity and support to the families involved. And this unexpected tragedy that came in fact while they were trying to help others. So they spoke to them for the network hearing the reality show. The board of the government is sued or won. A lot of them. Line 9, QAM, 80 line. Hello. Yes. Is it a QAM? Yes sir. I got that website that Neil is looking for. It's a drainfield food.com. Great. Thanks, Paoli. Thanks. Yeah, right. How do you like that? He's got it. That's good. I know what the website is, pal, I did not, did you get it? Josh, whatever your name is, did you get it? Did I get it? I got you the link with that title. I got it all the proper, proper gander. Okay. Right. About Dreamfield's pasta, low carb, miracle. It's miracle stuff. For greatest discovery of my life. And for some reason, we just can't get it up. We cannot get it on our website. We got air-me-kind of crap in the history mankind is on the website. I mean, some good stuff. We still got the big chainy thing. Go shootin' with all the di-dick. Go get on our KD. Right. We got the thing for the Happy 30th anniversary, would a picture of the CD that's selling like hotcakes, not, and the t-shirts, and the link to the online store. And the listing of all the tracks that I run a CD that really helped a lot. And we can't even get a number of what we got. And you want to know why? Because Josh has received a basketball and Robert and the beast have busy doing each other. And we got a little bit of where to be found. And I'm sorry. I asked me what I'm more excited about. The fundraising campaign or that memo. I don't have to ask. No, I think it's a draw. So you've got that. You said it to Eric and I was just sitting in the box somewhere. Right? This is true. Well, that's not good. Not a good thing. Eric. He said he'd put it up as soon as he got off the phone. But that was what we said. What do we do? Get off the phone, Patzo. OK. Oh, he's doing business. Yeah. I'm going to send him something in the mail. OK. Sure, I hope he opens it very slowly. Michael Thrik, that's right. And in the New York Times, right? This is a brace to law. This is kind of interesting. OK? I sure hope that isn't all chopped off on a right hand side. And I sure hope we do the break first because of once I started. And then right after I get through with this, I'm going to go in and whole thing about dream fields. Whether or not I ever shut it up there or not. I read it all care. Oh, my phones are going. I mean, there must be something downstairs. So in that case, this is Neil Roger. Where it be that will be the war now. Or on WQA for three, two, one. And the left-off. The big dump, the take out, the Peter Rond. The shoes that have gone, the name won't pass the law. See it's crazy. I run, the core up, the thing all this time. I know it sounds crazy. Then we talking to him over. Where it be, two, one. And the way we can avoid passing us through the law. Who can't find us? Give that one like you, right? So you think you're awesome. You think you're so great. But beware. We're talking once we'll push that. Give it, give it. We know your country does and by their way, the former sea. You rather know what's up and try to get us to a free. Oof, be hey. That's it, Bob. Take a look at the gun. The press won't stop. And take a look at it on. Don't want to you breathe. If you meet in the city, you'll know you will be gone. If you try to use them who bring her by law, boy. 505-60WQM. Dead facts is in says in anapolis that a hearing on the proposed cost to sell Amendment to avoid the gay marriage. TMI, Raskin, Professor of Law at AU was requested testify. He did so. At the end of his testimony, right wing Senator said, Mr. Raskin, My Bible says, mirage is only between a man and a woman. What do you have to say about that? Raskin replied, Senator, when you took your oath of office, you placed your hand on the Bible and swore to uphold the constitution. He'd not place your hand on the constitution, so where it will hold the Bible. I'll do it right up the end of applause. And then says next with a CD in T-shirts, thanks for having us on, Deb. I just checked that our website is still out there. This is to engage in a major project. The one time in my life that it would like to have gotten something on there like, you know what I'm saying? Like, we'll run to Otanto? No. Totally fashion. Michael Criton, who's an author, who's the latest thing is. What's his latest book, State of Fear? Right? This has a breaks the law. The earth revolves around the sun. The speed of light is a constant, apple-swalled-a-worth because of gravity, elevated blood sugars linked to diabetes, elevated if your capacity is linked to goat, elevated homocysteine is linked to heart disease, elevated homocysteine is linked to B12 deficiency, so doctors should test homocysteine levels to see whether the patient needs vitamins. Actually, I can't make that last statement. A corporation is patented that fact and demands a royalty for its use. Anyone who makes the fact public encourages doctors to test for the condition and treat it can be soon for worldly fees, any doctor who reads a patient's test results and even thinks of vitamin deficiency infringes the patent. A federal circuit court held at mere thinking violates the patent. All of this may sound absurd, but it's the heart of a case that will be argued before these Supreme Court on Tuesday tomorrow. In 1986, researchers filed a patent application for a method of testing levels of tomostristine and amino acid in the blood. Remember, Dr. Collie and McCillmer, whatever name was, and it's Colca? They went one step further and asked for the patent on the basic biological relationship between homocysteine and vitamin deficiency. A patent was granted that covered both the test and the scientific fact. Eventually, a company called Metabelite took over the license for the patent. Although Metabelite does not have a monopoly on test methods, other companies may come assisting test too, the assert licensing rights and accorrelation of elevated homocysteine with vitamin deficiency. A company called lab corp used a different test, opposed an article mentioning the patent in fact. Metabelite sued a number of grounds and is one in court so far. What is the Supreme Court will focus on is an nature of the claimed correlation? On the one hand, courts have repeatedly held the basic bodily processes and products of nature are not patentable. That's why no one owns gravity or is the speed of life. But at the same time courts have granted so-called correlation fans for many years. Powerful forces are laid on both sides of the issue. In addition, there is a bizarre question by the simply thinking about a patent in fact infringes the patent. The idea is, max of thought control to say nothing of unenforceability, it seems like something out of a novel by Philip K. Dick or Kafka, but a high-light sea uncountable truth at the patent office and, of course, have a recent decades ruled themselves into a corner for where they must somehow extracate themselves. For example, the human genome exists in every one of us and is there for our shared heritage and an unbounded fact of nature. Nevertheless, 20% of the genome is now privately owned. The gene to die of beatings is owned and it's new owner has something to say about any research you do and what will cost you. The entire genome over the hepatitis C viruses owned by a biotech company royalty cost now influenced the direction of research in basic diseases and often even the testing for diseases. Such barriers to medical testing and research are not in the public interest. You ought to be told by your doctor, oh nobody studies your disease anymore because the owner of the gene enzyme correlation is made into a expensive and new research? The question about the basic choice of nature can be owned on not to be confused with concerns about how we pay for biotech development and whether we'll have drugs in the future and so on. If you invented a new test to make patent it and self-presumuch as you can if that's your goal, companies sincerely own a test they invented. But they shouldn't own the disease itself or the gene that causes the disease or a central underlying facts about the disease. The distinction is not difficult even though patentlers attempt to blur it. And even if correlation patterns have not been granted, the overwhelming majority of medical correlations, including those listed above, are not owned and shouldn't be. Unfortunately for the public, the metabolite cases only one example of how much broader patients' problems in this country, patent problem. We grant patents at a level of abstraction that is unwise and it's gotten us in trouble in the past. Some years back doctors were allowed to patent surgical procedures and two other doctors who used their methods without paying a fee, a blizzard of lawsuits followed. This unhealthy circumcised was held in 96 by the AMA and Congress which decided that doctors couldn't sue other doctors for using patent and surgical procedures but the meat goes on. Companies have penned a method of hiring and real estate agents have penned to the way they sell houses, lawyers now advise athletes to patent their sports moves and screenwriters to patent their movie plots. My screenplay for Jurassic Park was cited as a good candidate he says. When his alzaz is lead, it means that if real estate agents list a house for sale, he can be sued because the existing patent for selling houses includes item number 7, list the house. It means that Kobe Bryant may serve as an inspiration but not a model because nobody can imitate him with enough fines. It means that nobody can write a dinosaur story because my patent includes 257 items covering all aspects of behavior like item number 13 dinosaurs attack humans and other dinosaurs. Such a situation is idiotic of course the elements of it already exist and unless we begin to turn the things around it will be worse to come or things are coming. I wanted to end this as said by telling you story about how current rolling is heard but the patent for ending an essay with an anecdote is owned. So I thought to end with a quotation from a famous person but that strategy is patented too. Then I decided to end abruptly but abruptly ending for dramatic effect is also patented. Finally I decided to pay the end with summary patent for you since it was the least expensive. The Supreme Court should rule against metabolite and the patent officer should begin to reverse its strategy of patenting strategies based on truth of nature cannot be owned. Oh and by the way, I own the patent for essay or letter criticizing a previous publication. So when anyone who criticizes what I said here better pay a world first or I'll see you in court. That's great. Now good? You go Mike. Yeah you go Mike. Crick that criting. He lives in Brighton. Not. We're going to get that thousand votes today and we're also going to get that thing up on our website if it's the last thing that it does before he meets Marvin Maker. I'll tell you that right now we got it on there yet? No. What is the difference with this? He's got he's obviously off doing something. He's responding to the little chats in the chat box. Maybe it. 944 votes on a pool generally which group of South Koreans bugs you the most. Pits is you off. Two men's 287 New York is 149. Red next 79. French Canadian 72. Senior Citizens 68. I hate everybody 53. Patients 51. I like everybody 49. How? Terminally boring. African Americans 44. I hate this pool 28. Jews 25. Radio Chronicles 12. Jamaican's 10. Radio sales hole 7. Residents 5. Now in Gays 5. How about Gabriel's onions? There's lots. What I hear. Or men are men. Yeah. I 6. I'm going to get to my dreamfield's pasta. I got a big thing on it here now. Should I do it or not? Yeah. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Close. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Did it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Cut the crap where I can get with it. We never try to be pushy with you when you stand you try to make a living and Set up all these things. I'm saying there. All of these things. This is the one time just this one time You can ask me about my business K And look what happened to K although they didn't give back together again in Corrioni and Sicily. I remember that. Yeah, Godfather 3 they got that I'll protect that movie doesn't exist stop it It's really That's not there was some good moments in there and then of course there was the art's vision But I'm saying that it's lying. I love the way he was flying down the Starless dear kids were he was fluttering he was floating and he was Being the art's vision. We have an understanding And then of course the Pope Grant that back cup of tea. Oh, he just like Melosovich and How's Ariel Shurondo and nothing over the weekend about poor Ariel? You got a better chance of finding a TV aerial bat on your back porch than you do from maybe if you don't have a porch Then here anymore about Ariel Shuron. Yeah, you know, I just I just looked it up. Do you know what said? What he's off to her. That's a Anyway, here's my boss here. There it is Dreamfields healthy curbloving digestible carbs five grams and people are wondering what kind of mumbo java because you know You do realize that during this low carb thing they were all those scams About things that supposedly had to realize it right well, I'm just repeating it just re-interrating it That's why I was real skeptical about this. Moe skeptical David Mendoza and I have no idea who he is He's got a website Mendoza.com Maybe he's got a play shortstop for the paris. The I mean he's the one I created the Mendoza line Badding average Mary Oman dosa anyway. He originally period April 19 2004 was last modified October 11 2005 So that's only like few months ago And bro October last year when we still had naughty and so we had like real management instead of a bunch of children running around They came to the keys to the kingdom by the court gesture Sir, so I just you know nothing he does should surprise me. This guy this you guy nothing. That should surprise me Because he is non-campus weeness. It's very obvious to me. He just you know, he's just there He's a trevigoyant chair going around backslip and then gland hand and then stuff like that. How Josh is deal coming by the way? Here anymore about that anymore Something more to hear man Well, what does that mean? That's that's what it means it is what it is I understand Nothing more to hear in other words. There's no resolution. Gonna be a main head done probably not Based on what are you basing that on something that's been said or just affected they're living a drift Well, there's no drift. I mean there was something brought back to my to me and it was Acceptable right pretty much and that was the end of that. Yep Well, George is gonna have to take better care. Yeah Dreamfields posth a totally new low car process by David Mendoza will do the break and I want to come back if you're not interested in this you better go away Because I'm gonna take some time on this because I think this is a very important discovery was for me change my life change my life man You believe that yeah, and when you go on get it in the fact that it's a published man They better stock all whole bunch of it real soon Because once we start really pushing this and once Eric gets it up there and we're saying they're gonna sell like maybe five ten even but boxes of it this we meal At least by the market Roger ice Or My of a I'm going to the beach to a home to wait Stop with all this man If you must back who say we should take a boi We should take a boi So I'm only wearing a cute boi What are you wearing for me? We should take a boi A gorgeous boi I'm a guy who's wearing a bucket I'm a butterfly Oh there's that link I was looking for not Don't I know? Wait, I guess it is Okay, I'm just gonna say for the day What's above OJ? I mean above Oshama, whoever that is It's right at the bottom of the pool There you go, I'm going to go and Eric now go away And I'm sure he will And you click on it when there's that whole page So I'm gonna big in and then you get a dollar coupon Now if I were you folks, I'd like you one box first Before we go get a case like I did I don't know if that's a big box like I do And in which case you just toss it out if you don't like it I can't imagine not liking it Anyway, here's the propaganda on it It has the same taste and taste result Fashioned positive and has essentially no effect in my blood glucose level My statement windows and again that's his experience Each and every one will be different It says my blood sugar up about 50 to 70 points About an hour and a half after I take it And then it starts going back down again As opposed to regular positive, which would send it soaring to un Acceptable levels like 400 500 ridiculous numbers He writes this sounds to me to be true And maybe it is because there's still several answer questions But whoever this guy is, who the hell is he? So he's a diabetes guy But based on my experience with eating creams field Tasta and log interview would be inventor I'm prepared to say that food technology has changed Forever this is something new under the sun If you thought that the US has been engulfed by a low carb revolution You haven't seen anything yet other than greenfields pasta Locate carb technology is essentially a lot of dilution They take out carbs and replace them with something else usually fiber or protein Long carb hybrid experts speculate that the dreamfields pasta must contain large amount of resistance starch Or that kinds of dietary fiber No, that isn't the way they did it's a doctor John and Vincent the inventor of the process Doctor John J. Owen The technology behind the infields pasta results in most of the time The carb hybrid grams becoming protected or non digestible Dr. Anton Stelsme it involves molecular and weight of your this Molecular interactions that help block the enzyme from attacking the carb hybrid starch You know, it's not encapsulated We have basically created the situation where there's a matrix more or less That has a tendency to attract the enzyme to the matrix and not the carb hybrid Do you understand that? Oh yeah, you're a little bit ready to do These not the adjustable carb hybrid waste aren't counted as fiber But they start to write this fiber in the colon Dr. Anton Stelsme it's a facto They perform just like any other fiber in the colomather B. A soluble or insoluble fiber That is fermented and acts the same Let me ask you a question Tim Dodd, CEO of Dakota growers pasta company in Karric and North Dakota another partner in the dreamfield venture His grabs the process somewhat differently. He says they make the pasta in four shapes spaghetti Elbo's Pennyurgate and Linguini from enriched germ assembly in the course law made from Dermweet A 52 grand 12 ounce serving of dreams field pasta still includes 42 grams of total carbs He says but 37 are rendered non digestible by a fiber blend process for which a patent is pending The process leaves only five digestible carbs for serving does says The dreamfield venture has a new company designed and traditional lines LLC Includes the code of growers pasta company the third largest pasta manufacturer North America Techcom group LLC of gainsville Florida the science and technology company that talk her infants and owns and be Action new bean new way Cincinnati development and marketing company and pure income commitment to soda So far the descriptions of the process are vague intentionally so because they plan to count press conference That'll slow us more the process doctor and finton says And again keep in mind this articles a little bit old Okay, it says you might expect that a normal serving of dreams field pasta which contains four grams of five or thirty seven grams of not Agestible carbohydrates would have a major lackative effect doctor and consist is that tolerance says double and triple portions No gastrointestinal repercussions and I can vouch for myself. It's just the old normal single in and out. I'm saying what he said I Where is guys says my family and I can bust with a taste texture. Look by seeming perfect an absence of some like this stress I serve dreams field pasta link we need elbows the nuts spaghetti or penny for dinner four times last week a little bit over the top Don't you think four times I had a three times this weekend here my blood glucose levels tested for each meal I this guy must uh, I don't know He claims I guess to be diabetic He had the elbows with cheese milk and eggs before he ate it was 92 is sugar after one hour was one 18 I don't expect results like that The inguini would ground beef and tomato sauce one oh nine and then after one hour one 18 The linguini would sauteed mushrooms in a glass of merlow before he ate it and his sugar was one eleven after now was down to one oh five went down And the electores of this very single in we need with mushrooms and a glass of merlow before he ate one 14 and after an hour down to one hundred What a few other people of tested beam fields possibly for results that aren't so promising one woman wrote on low car blog But I've tried this product three times just a two hours portion all three times my blood sugar levels up 50 to 70 points. That's my experience and so what's a big deal with that? If you started a reasonable number so it goes up 50 to 70 points then comes back down again. What's the big sentence with that? Huh? Nothing. Correct. Dr. Anfonsan says his medical staff talked to two people including this woman who reported spikes They never were spikes They concluded that one of them had extremely high insulin resistance and that was using a defective meter for those who are highly insulin resistant Any carb because of spike anyway the bottom line is they're coming out with potato low carb potatoes and low carb rice These all How would he say that's good and sound good low carb rice. I love rice. Me took me on like rice So anyway this guy This mandoza got my real mindozy says although questions are made. I think this product will be a great important to die There's and people would die babies The green seal brand name resonates with the 89 movie field of dreams if you switch corn to wheat I would in North Dakota then what the company makes it the dream that we will come to buy it Based on my research and taste test. I think that dream will come a huge reality in that his update update Across bottom right center husband has diabetes and green feels as a gift from heaven However, I found one problem and of course is really bizarre. You ever cooked pasta in sauce cook it low no If you cooked the pasta and acid sauce such as a tomato based sauce, it seems to lose its low carb characteristics and the carbs become available for digestion Oh, who the hell in the right mind would do that only a moron? I have a favorite recipe in which the pasta is cooked in the marinara sauce when I make it with dream fields my husband's blood glucose Spikes up over one 30 minutes morning if I make exactly the same recipe But cooked the pasta in water like a normal human being and stir the cooked pasta into the sauce his blood goes to a good close I'll be in the mid 80s. I've tried this twice with the same result It's time and of course he's busy cooking in the sauce because he's trying to get rid of him I like that never heard of that so well I'm just I've heard of that people cooking in the sauce. It's kind of a artsy-fartsy stupid thing to do especially with dream fields So do it So I'm cooking on our home. I'm cooking I ain't clicking on our home page and right below the pool There it is dream fields pasta and it's actually spelled correct and there's a link to that whole page. Tell you all about it And give you dollar coupon and tell you where to order it and it gives you all kinds of stuff. Did you do it? Did you click it? No, you're linking it. No, why not? I'm gonna look forward to you. I don't know You're not hot to try to go get it go to publics. What a plan to do they'll have it until about three o'clock at law be off the shelves Come to the QAM hello QAM Oh, I'm talking to you speaking You know, yes, I have a shameless request. Well, I'll ask somebody else See that here's South Florida, baby I go through this revolutionary piece of news now. We get it on our website I'm all whipped up into our friends. You're the most excited to discover my archivist Hamon ran this guy like a nerd with a radio blast in the back of an idiot man. You're a moron, okay? A moron. Is there any doubt about it? Dude in fact, let me scroll this for you M. Oh, R. Oh M. That's the loop. That's going most God W to QAM hello QAM Hey, you know I'm doing good listen. I just went on your website in order to your city Yes, and Listen, I'm the jackass to call a black week about that thing you guys And we'll talk about I buy your thing every year. Yeah, how it's the poor your your charity I mean you've got a valid tongue, but we shouldn't want to politicize it on the ear. What I said one I'm a jackass Well, we know that But we but your helpful jackass. We thank you for your money. Okay. Hey, listen. Hold the question. Yeah, turn the shirt only comes extra large. We're not all fat Believe me. T-shirts a little hang on. It'll be all right It'll make them hard. Eat a bunch of the pasta. Okay. Oh, go away go away. Can't we make it in a hundred different sizes because we have such a tremendous response You are right. You're a jackass. You're an idiot. You're an imbacill How do you like that can we make it just in large? I have nothing to do with any of our household is yeah Where I wear it. I wear it. I don't want anything to do with the Jordan is like a little tiny guy Okay, whether there's with the shrunken chest as you know and a shrunken head like that the bitch on the Lou Doms there right Dana bank. Oh, yeah, she's gonna wait right. Oh He's a little giant kind of funny. Oh right next to large and that's our largest fine right Why look I look like a night gun. Okay you imbicill Yeah, I wanted the largest Oh man what a bunch of cry babies and winters how about some macaroni and cheese and now with a dreamfields You can make macaroni and cheese is just on on me, right? That's right Okay, but I'm thinking you would be good because I don't want to let go out and buy a whole. I got butter What do I need? But if you see at the craft macaroni and cheese dinner and just throughout there they're pasta and make the elbows from this stuff Use their powder they use their powder and stuff all life chemical crap to tip of the right You can make your own you know there there are recipes to be found what? Yeah, you think I'm gonna cook up a recipe What do you think I know the shell is you rocket science just get you know buys and cheese slice it up and melt it. I mean come on. Oh, yeah, I have like my cheese Man, I love slicing and cut butter. I think maybe a little bit of And so that's one of the active ingredient I can think is how they do it well get goat smell Should we hear something? There you go look at that there's the bush show of the day on CNN air every single day Papa and and is there I hope they keep it up because every time Pablo season they're like we've already And it's pull numbers keep going down the important That's right Yeah, yeah, he just said I'll go go and we're all chuckling 27 past noon we got both coming along into a clock and unto assume bread and face For Prevolution I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm an Thank you, for watchinging our G.V.U.J.Z. Bandai Namai 127.0566U Ayandihala and the little chillins. I remember that sound a little short about Billy Jay Kramer. No, what year is brother, Brad Kramer? That's what we're doing. I just decided to do an exercise break. I was thinking about it for about four seconds. Yeah, remember when I said quite some time ago, two or three different times. I've got Sarah's calls here. I'm hanging up the phone here, the dial tone. Go here to this sound. Little children, there you go. Go to Jay Kramer, I'll ride it. What year? Oh, I don't know. Six, six people. But yeah. Didn't I start the song in my life? Get out of here. I'll play a little bit. Okay? You're pressing. You've got to tell me how you're doing. Never in my life. Get out of here with a smash. Man, it was a big, big fan. Billy, you've got to tell me how you're doing. All the things you work for. And he can, so the have it. Yes, see? And the call. They had another hit. Apparently these people I never heard of before my life. Well, it's not day. It's Billy Jay Kramer, okay? And the code is bad to me. And the code was his backup group. The code is considered a Mike Masseyl and Robin McDonald. Ray Jones on base and Tony Mansfield on drums. Born William Ashton, 1843 in Bootler Mary-Size England. This I've heard. Oh, that's bad to me. That was number nine. Little Silly's got up to number seven. 60, I'll keep you satisfying to come with window. Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. That's it. That was the Medley of his smash. Wow. I was hearing the British invasion mine. I was hearing the British invasion mine. I was hearing the Lee was popular. Well, you know something London Lee. I don't know what I'm going with. If he's going to keep doing bits that are only like for his own amusement, he can claim at home. You know, save the save the you have saved me to UPS charge, the FedEx. God, that's good. You think anybody's trying to say anything I'd need who London Lee is? Well, I told that story. Yeah. And he's helping. And he loves the voice. Did he really London Lee? Yeah. I'd rather hear from Lee, Lee. And what do you say in a voicemail? Apparently the voicemail was before he didn't make his way in here. Yes. And say, and he wants to make his way in here that he's got something exciting that he was their show Neil. No. Believe me, I don't want to see. I've heard what you're looking like. I don't want to see it. It was big bend. No. Struck. Struck out. 2021 votes on our poll today. Generally, which group of South Americans are voting for the most. P.C. is you off. Cuban 306 New Yorkers 156. Red next 88. French Canadian 79. St.D. Citizens 69. Oh. I hate everybody. 59. Haitians 58. I like everybody. 55. See how that balances out. A and A and A. African Americans 48. I hate this pool 32. Jews 29. Radio chronic to routine. Jamaicans 11. Mon. Radio saleshold 7. Resilience 6. And gaze. Cinco 5. Got it. Got it. No, so the people went to see Barais Monning. Now it's your turn to me against it. Hands Johnson writes GOP trashed in special elections, which we say. Oh. That could news. A drum beat of corruption deficits in war debt is begun to hot Republican candidates as they hit the campaign trail. They make cob cadences play more widely than just in federal races. Since November, it's become the background music and as soon as the state's special elections. Democrats are winning often overrumming the districts and states that have back Republicans in recent elections. The results show that state level progressive candidates are better poised than in any time in the past 14 years. The benefit from a defensive moderate conservatives and a slight left turn in the electorate. A slight left turn. And central Texas. Nursing former school board member Donna Howard. The benefit from the Ben Benson. In a February 14 state special, the House Race and Suburban Travis County outside Austin. Howard's wins signal at Democrats' consent tough. Even in Republican-tilted districts imposed by the delayed mander, a revamping of head of reviscers now to scrutiny by the Supreme Court. People receptive the idea that someone was willing to talk about going into the legislature actually making hard decisions rather than following in law step with the failed leadership. Howard told the Austin American statesman, like other Democratic terms of late, for 58-42% victory commons. Democratic had broke for the GOP in O'Four. That same day in Kentucky. And raised a drew media attention and drawn knockers from three states, Perry Clark, a veteran and Boyce God volunteer for the 37 state Senate seat. He won 54 to 46 in district that snakes inland from the Ohio River on the southwest side of Louisville. It was carried by the GOP in 2004. Next door in Virginia, Mark Herring. Took a state Senate seat in the U.V. Suisseurbergs that Democrats hadn't even contested. When I say suburbs, and Democrats had even contested in 2002, the landslide, 62 to 38% win on January 31, shock waves to the GOP already reeling from a blow just recently. In Jerry Falwell, Stomp and Ground of Lynchbury, Shannon Valentine, roadaway 58 to 42 win for a seat that also hasn't drawn even a damn Democratic challenge last time around much less a winner. Missouri of battleground that races the best bell of their presidential elections has seen Democratic victory since the Circuit Districts as well. The state's southwest corner, Charles Drake claimed to state how seat 56 to 44% that his party didn't even bother seeking in 2004. And it goes on and on and on. Finally, over the past few months in New Hampshire where GOP activist still faced charges for jamming opponents closed during the O2 campaign, candidates John Robinson, Penn Brown and Jim Agalar, one special lessons for state house seats, and districts that were struck by the GOP just the year earlier. Between general lessons in 1924, then Republican National Committee Chairman, Hayley Barber, Bally Hood Republican Wins and Disferred States during the period, and for claimed to grassroots mandate against the Clinton administration, the trend foreshadowed huge GOP gains in November 94. Now this pattern is playing out again for the other side. Black Rick Ratt rally, so he was on the other guy's ballot. What he gets the chance to vote for him on jury. Now what he said, your good buddy, a fascist redneck Rick Ratt rally? Now what is this thing? New Security Clarence rules affects Gaze by cancer and traitor from the AP, somebody just backs to us, somebody from league, who's having legal affairs. It says the Bush administration last year, we wrote the rules for law and game and and was meant to receive national security clearances, drawn complaints from civil activists. The Bush administration said security clearances cannot be denied solely on the basis of the sexual orientation of the individual, but it removed language saying sexual orientation may not be used as a basis for a or a disqualifying factor in determining a person's eligibility for a security clearance. What was that the queen that they led in the press conferences? Oh, gallant duckard. That said, very good. He had this a group recently found the charge in 18 page document distributed by National Security Advisory Stevens J. Hadley, December 29th without public notice. Rules approved by Bill Clinton in 97 said that sexual behavior may be a security concerned if it involves a criminal offense, suggests an emotional disorder could suggest him a coercion or show the lack of judgment. While bubble would never show lack of judgment about such things, what he? The regulations stated that sexual orientation may not be used as a basis for or a disqualifying factor in determining a person's eligibility for a security clearance. Bush removed that categorical protection saying instead that security premises can hide solely on the basis of these sexual orientation of the individual. The new rule, say, behavior that is strictly private, consensual on the street could mitigate security concerns, and, look, as if Lesbians and Gay Service members, especially may face some initial roadblocks to obtain their security concerns to said, Rawls, who is group advocates on behalf of Gay's military. Is that Lou Rawls? He said, oh, he is. And there's, well, I was just, I was not listening to that. I had to stay. I was so tempting. We know what it was. As you look in the same screen as I. Anyway, we don't want to go there. Yes. Do we? Come on, you can weigh in, hello. Two, I love. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, I don't know. Great. Hey, hold off the second. That's the point. Yeah, yeah. Listen, Neil, we go away back. Okay, sounds a lot better in the distance. Come on, you can weigh in, hello. I have a clock call for a private Jones. Come on, you can weigh in, hello. I'm a guy at Reddit. Okay, good. There we go. See you at that one one, two years old. That's right. Yeah, Mr. advertising man on the CBS TV news. To fill that makes Bob Schiefer stop saying, oh, he don't even hear also what pure is all your wheels. 1241 and 560, WDQM when you're, yes. The world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the well's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world's in the world I'm telling you I'm going to be a new man. I'm telling you I'm going to be a new man. Why not? I guess they told me literally when I said that after Friday and we said that's right for me. And so they're not doing nothing. That's fine. That's fine with me. But what would it be nice to least have a tone? And I just looked on our story, you know, a Neil's store. Yeah. And where it says the T-shirt and it says size and you click on it and says extra large only. Right. So if you're not happy with extra large, I got a suggestion for you. Okay. Three words. Don't order it. Huh. For residence. A real stake. And that's what we want a real stake. You'd be someone that look her pasta with a nice real stake. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Yeah. Time five, six in the Verizon, singing the wireless line. And I look at that phone, man. What the hell am I thinking about? I was just going to go and do like a heavy, heavy sweep. A full and sweep. Oh well. Ha ha ha ha ha. Maybe that's her. Yeah. Maybe that's her. I'm telling you one thing, with the court chest, you're right in his new group of little children. That's going to be our theme song. You better keep that head. The Billy Jay Kramer, you better be here in a lot. You're making up for a lost time. For the last 42 years you haven't heard it. There you go. Billy Jay Kramer. Here's Greg Kramer, another convoy team parked on the outside, fading through the pack. That's going grand. Didn't even get it. Look at him. Look at him. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Let me try it again. Hello. I think I have you all number 30 what I've. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man, who are you kidding man? What a great. Get back at a rubber raft you idiot. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Ola. QAM. Hello. You're a little. Don't know. Say I told you we do a sweep. Get the broom. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Do the shirts come in white theaters. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. See, I said this is going to be a good interlude now. Ever. Or a positive thing. They don't care about the dream fields positive. They don't give a crap. Why don't I go through all that trouble to get the link on there. Go through a big song dance to make those people a lot of money. And so a lot of that product. They're not sponsors. Of course we don't have any sponsors. We don't have any salespeople. We don't have any copy. But we get paid on Friday. Did you click on that thing that really shield thing? Nope. Well, click on it. Look at that. It's a nice late man is helpful. It's got all the information there. See, if you're not going to do it, you think any of these other ideas are going to do of course not. Of course not. Well, how much effort does that take? It's right below the pool on there, man. Click it. Click it. Click it and look it. There it is. And next here. Dream fields. Healthy carb live it. Right. I don't want you to read it. Just take a look at it. It's got all the info that anybody grew on. Then he'll wrap around top of that. charts and graphs. Right. Colorful. If you were to say today, they can look at a collet of household pictures. QAM hello. Hey. Yes sir. Good. Granite and Comector or huh? Have they reported? Granite and Comector or Turin? Do you like this? Oh. Do you like any? How are you? Well, what does that mean? Glad you didn't come back to work here. I don't know. You know, it's just a pleasure to go crazy there, man. No, no, it's going crazy. We just have the usual circus going on. And so what were you now? You stole it over that A50 that make police station? No, no, the regional sales manager, Cox Orlando for you. And what do you do on the send my show? If your regional sales manager, Cox Orlando. You know what you mean? I'm about 20 miles south of Orlando. And I'm listening to you all the way up there. Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah. Well, come on. He's still a drunk. Get him a sound of your back. Okay. 30 seconds. Oh, P.D. Lenny. I want to blow my brains out. Okay. Or his. And quit trying to give us some damn little caboost things in him. Pat Phil Sanwiches. WQA in. Hello. Bonnie. WQA in. Hello. QA in. QA in. Yeah. Yep. He listened to me a lot. I'm a California. And I was at the caller a couple months ago. And I was very surprised. No one in that thought to be a really like that. Yeah. No. Why? I had to understand a word. I'm going to call an ornia then. Yeah. No. Okay. Go back. Please. WQA in. Hello. Hey. Me. Yes sir. I don't know. You want to be my roommate here. Hi. No thanks. WQA in. Hello. You paid me $100 a month. The answer is still no. QA in. Hello. I'm too old to be getting them diseases. QA in. Have you breather? QA in. Hello. No one. Yes sir. You did. I bought the factory. What do I do? I'll tell you one thing. Back though. That's what you give me a clue. Slide it. QA in. Hello. Hey. How many Cubans are going to the fetch tonight after they beat your pan? Ha ha ha ha. How about that USF for anti-mechanics of the Humper? That'll teach you that we've been putting professional athletes in there. I told you all these special tournaments and all the places they're supposed to be for Amateurs, right? And USA approved they were amateurs. They tried to fix the tournaments so that they wouldn't be bracket in such a way they wouldn't come up against the end of the good teams and guess what? Even Canada kicked their ass. Oh, I got how embarrassing. US is out. They're out. I'm sure the Josh is following that religiously, aren't you? I watched a couple games. Forget about it. WQA in. Hello. Yeah, anyone who says Billy Dad is definitely home. Yeah. That's him. Oh. What do you mean that's him? Him. Is it? Oh. WQA in. How do I call that? How about you? Yes sir. Hey, do you put the fruit in the basket? Yeah. WQA in. Go on or on number? Come on. Ha ha ha ha ha. QA in. Hello. Hey. Hey. Hey. How are you doing sir? All right. Listen. I just figured I'd give you guys a call. You know you all been hype in the crash. Yeah. Yeah. I decided I'd go ahead and watch it here tonight. So I get about an hour and half away through it. You know what I realized? I'm an idiot. I was watching the wrong crash. This was 1996. And it's not out yet. Oh, you've seen Deb Rger naked. So what was it? Total loss. Yeah. Oh, this George. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, no, no. I know here's both of you guys. I listen every day. Anyway, I was going to go out and get the real one. This time. Give it a one. Yeah. I was very, at least you got a little full play. They're not going to real one and give it a shot. That's sad. But I made the same mistake when we first started talking about it during a vacation show. Can everybody kept recommending it to me? No, that's not. See, I don't like that. I think that, you know, it would seem to me that there shouldn't be two movies with the same right. Especially since the other way goes a lot of time. Yeah. There's a lot of it. I'm not just talking about remakes or stuff like that. Everybody else. I'm talking about movies that had nothing to do with the other one. And it's got the same freaking name like this. What is that? What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? That's just right. That would be like somebody ripping off all my drop-ins in my material and my whole act and then pretending that they had their own show. You don't talking about? No, who? Yeah, you do. And by the way, Annemory is still in interested, honey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You said, Tony, we get some good calls today. He's at my day. Yeah, come on. Yeah. You got to move some of it look forward to very soon by the way. Middle June. Yeah, two months to go. Oh, right. We got that. That's a ball and it's game of 12. Fifty pre-game tomorrow. We love them, Marley. It's on this show, you bet. Even though they're going to blow. Because they told me so. Because they got like all the league players playing. WQA and hello. Not there. QA and hola. Today, Marley times. WQA and line nine. Program director. WQA and hello. I read news where I'd read that he must have been listening to the label. And I said, we ought to have an STD member there. This morning, time goes by so fast. I said, Ah, What a be the PV. And the general manager and the sales manager. Although I can't even also go to the court gesture. Because he has evoked a few chuckles here and there. I do. How do you say? Uh huh. The commuters and London and the grid. There you go. We all live right there. How many QA and hello? I deal. Yes sir. The street field have a website in their own or it's only access to theorodgers.com. Well, that's the link. It takes you right to it. Oh, sorry. You don't want to generate a hit. No, no, no, no. I would just put it. Yes. There's a hit. No, no, no. Yes, there's a way to make it. Is there more other than what you put up on your own? You're like, well, let's see. Let me click on it. Okay. And see, because I've been scouring it all for several days now. I've listened to it on the radio. Right. Just wonder if there was because it's awful lot if there's any more. Did you that you have? Well, no, no, no. Kind of articles about it. And the most people seem to be doing great with it. But you can like Google being feels past is what I did. Google it. And make a look at our, I just clicked the link on go to it. And then you can Google it. And they got all kinds of propaganda, which you can get just by going on that Pays that we got to you see. Save you a lot of work. Because it's got great, for example. And the first sentence there says as part of a reduced carbohydrate rate Died dreams field helps limit by 65% to rise in blood sugar low. And then you click on that. It's got to let's got to let's see that. Yeah. You can what does it mean? And glycemic index. It's got all kinds of information. It's pretty damn good. If you ask me in the prices right, we ain't charging it dime. Let's start charging for stuff. Okay. I had to get that number. You said do I want a number on the best or like I said. I got it. You got it? This is not counting the weekends internet sales, whatever those may be. We haven't got those yet. 18,935. Oh. Does that include the 100? The Josh got it. His thing on wherever was. Yeah. Or was it? Conan. Oh, I cona. He's got a hundred bucks. I bet you Jeff came right up and stuck a whole bunch of money right in your fist. Didn't he? He's a good boy. He probably wasn't there. Jeff co 9. In fact, he's going to be celebrating. You've got to have big celebration. Conan is 85th birthday coming up their next week. They're going to have a giant party. So we didn't have that early. Didn't get to 20 grand. We didn't get to 919 last week. It didn't be in the week. Remember I was trying to put the big push on. I was pushing it. Hmm. How about a free two and like a hundred dollar bill in every CD. Okay. That I'm not. He shirt in 14 different size. This is Neil Rogers. This is a case of a zin-zoon. He's a zin-zoon. We got out. Okay, just got around. And when I'm up in bulk of TIGA slap in all the women with paint and lips around the pole. I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two of us. I mean, I don't know if it's in any other Rogers iron balance one or two hours. More. A blue. A blue. A blue. By the way, so I've been given it some score. See. Oh, what do you think of this? I know that me and you did a do. Much better go with six to ten and not invite a gen dilent a cranky do. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bed. Scratch on to sight. Not chance I'll always show it to. I had rather die with the graphic as a... Sorry, I'll help you know that I'm a big, lovely, true, for both women high. Highs been with the high of the body but you're not high, honey. Me and all this happened low. No matter how big we had a fight that you survived, hold on a here a gen of dial and pushy-light. That's what me and her dad. Ah, and it's... Sorry, I'll always show it to her. Sorry, I'll always show it to her. I'll always show it to her. Sorry, I'll always show it to her. Sorry, I'll always show it to her. And so would you and me for me, is much better since the ten and not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight. I think we might. We have these tickets that you have been with. Have these two tickets. One, one, one. What can I do? One, one, one, one. One, one, one, one. One, one, one, one. One, one, one, one. One, one, one, one. One, one, one. One, one, one, one, one, one. One, one, one, one, one, one. One, two, three, five, six. You won't be here and actually you've got both of them. And then I'm probably got the Marlon Game. What about the rest of the week? We've got Gildy on Wednesday before the, well, we've got the big pants and caps game on Wednesday. And it should be a gimmick, should be. And then Gildy on Thursday and then Gildy on Friday. Too much Gildy, man, if you ask me, and of course they don't ask me. And I'm sure that the, the Traumvirate, or making those decisions aren't they? Court? The Kingston Trail. Clarence, the Beast. And Robert. That's Robert. The eye. To those who know him best. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The pound five, six, the horizon, see your rye was lying. That call from P.D. Lennie, man. That's just what we read. That sent me right to the edge of the bull, you know what? Yeah. I mean, here's the worst for another company up in Orlando. It doesn't wear hasn't worked here in several years now. And he just can't stop. He can't stop. And oh, you did, you didn't make a good choice, okay? Because anybody's working for Cox Broadcast. He doesn't work for like real radio people. Not that we are, but boy, they're like a mid and miles away. Aren't they? No, they're not. We're just trying to talk myself into it. Okay. Good choice, P.D. WQA, and hello. QA, M. A, Neil, how you doing today? Okay. I think you left the number one choice, so I'll finish today. And what's in? The board against. Okay. Board against an addict, like your president. Every single day. Who was just asked a question about the, right, where the religious right and Armageddon and to see believe that that's what this is all look like. And but he beat the bad. And that nervous laugh and the audience with nervous laugh, you know, all his sick offense is based. Get that on the right away. Born against. Got it? We got it. Making of which. Did you see the article on our website about the evidence of the universe's first instant? Nope. Oh, you might be interested in this. Probably more interesting than I heard. That dream feels pasta. All the way down it. For a fleeting moment, the very fabric of the universe became a kind of high-press speed stand-dix stretching outward to perhaps a hundred times the speed of light. Kind of like those pants in very manualwares. That concept which describes the first trait of a second of the universe's beginnings as gained wider acceptance among cosmologists. Now, scientists say they discovered the first comprehensive subtle signs from that cosmic growth spurred. The discovery and answer today does not quite provide smoking gun confirmation the concept known as inflation. But scientists say they have detected whispers from the muzzle. With a few more years of day together, we may say they may be able to find the missing pieces that would cleanse the case for a process widely being held to have given the universe its initial bang. The new results represent a significant shift in efforts to uncover the origins and future of the universe, notes linemen page. I wonder if he's getting to freaky linemen. And the difference in the universe that he who and the teenagers? A Princeton University physicist and member of the team reporting to discovery. Cosmologists have long-strawled a answer based at questions about the universe's properties and composition doctor pages. Now, scientists are adding an ability to look back at these things that they've been to the beginning of a minute, ask detailed questions about the physics and be able to answer them like pepcobismal and maylocks. The new evidence comes from NASA's Wilkinson Microwave and Sotroupi probe. My saying that right? I don't know. No, it's not. Anastotroupi probe, WMAP, I like that better. WMAP, 1480 on your dial. A satellite designed to study the final whisper of the big bang the primordial burst of energy wide the hell to give him birth to the universe. All you heathens out there, the Lord done it, man. The Lord. They all got it. He stepped his fingers all of a sudden all of these creatures are showed up. This whisper actually low-level radiation is known as the cosmic microwave background. The concept of inflation predicts that this whisper should lead behind signals from that event. The WMAP team says it detected these signals from friends in relative brightness of bumps and dimples in the microwave background. I like that understanding of this light several paragraphs ago. No, I wrote some term papers and stuff. These variations represent one of two kinds of polarized radiation and the easiest type to spot that inflation predicts. Ground based in balloon-borne experiments have seen bits and pieces of the evidence, but WMAP has put a skies work together in one mosaic and important milestone. Lonst in 2001 the WMAP satellites spent a year gathering data for a baby picture of the universe, which was built from subtle temperature differences in the microwave background. In 2003 the WMAP team decoded the information to deal the most precise estimates yet of the abundance of matter and energy, the universe's aid and its expansion speed. The variations also represent a cosmic blueprint for live-scale distribution of galaxies astronomers see today. These latest data come from an additional three years of observations during which scientists were working with the signal roughly 100 times weaker than the temperature information they gathered. The new measurements are so precise that we're now in a position to be able to test specific models in inflation some which were first proposal when I was in grade school. It's really cool to see a counter-forwardsions of Gary Hinshaw researcher at NASA's Gotter's Face Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, and remember the team important results. Inflation holds at the observable universe, Blossom from a tiny spot in space, so my new thin only quantum physicist can describe it. But the size of your black thumb, then in a train to the second, it expanded almost unimaginable speed. The concept of first proposal nearly 30 years ago. About 30 minutes? It's very difficult to mismatches between the standard big bang theory at the time. The universe astronomers observators they trace much of its 13.7 billion year evolution through their telescopes. It also solve conundrums particle physicist's face is they probe the world of the very small source, world of the very smart. So far the team has been able to make some rough estimates of the upper limit on certain conditions during inflation. Dr. Hinshaw says that the inflationary period would have had less energy than 10 quadrillion billion electron volts, still an enormous number that defies the comprehensive almost anyone but a physicist. By comparison, mankind's most powerful particle accelerator generates energy's ability to only 1 billion electron volts. This was 10 quadrillion billion. Like your paycheck. Yeah. Team number of targeted Josh. Team number said they hoped to keep the experiment already in extended mission in asses for portfolio, running for several more years. This will allow them to increase the accuracy of the results and perhaps the 11th instance for the second kind of polarized signal cosmologist seek in the microwave background from gravity waves the expansion of triggered. They're imprint on the microwave background with rather smoking comfort cosmic inflation researchers be saying meanwhile, the Europeans face agencies say that it lost its own version of WMAPWWMWPWPWP, next year to give the field a batch of competition. Pank promises a more sensitive set of measurements and WMAPAP can even provide. WMAP let's change our probabilities put this place on the math. That's actually not a great idea. WMAP gets in Jingles. By lack in record us in a special jingle us. We get all the panis singers back in Dallas again. Get the people from Pepper Tanner. But you pity the name of it was Pepper Tanner Jingles back from when he was a child. Thousand 98 votes on the pool. Channel of the Witch Group has started to produce the most. Cubans 327. New Yorkers 167. Red next 96. Fresh Canadians 84. Senior Citizens 75 old farts. I hate everybody 65. He's in 64. I like everybody 58. African Americans 51. I hate this pool 35. Jews 30. But third man. Right on the heels of PORM no less. And to pick it on the forward Jews. Radio chronics 14. Jamaican 13. Resilience 7. Radio sales holds 7. X radio sales holds for the station out on their yet. Gaze 8. 6. And board against this one. Under it got one. So I meant the owner. What have you feel? Sting manners of tremendous mud. And you want to know why? Why? Because nothing I'm discovering is that most of the critics and most people are fed and they're in denial. Don't say. I mean I give it up talking to you. I got about as much confidence I'm going to change his altitude about those things. It's like we're going to make like 50 grand on that fundraiser. Other than yourself because I don't know if that people try to keep other people from getting fat or fat or dying. No, probably people generally the misery loves company. People come on eating and have so this is so often. If you have you try to talk about that person out of killing themselves. Oh, it's hopeless. You're right. It's hopeless. And I try. So I can eat. Don't put the rules on the table. No, because that's what you have to do on it. And then he would wish you were a grander. One's off the next table anyway. Hopeless. And now try. The theory is now. Try threatening. Try bribery. Money drugs. You're not. You're not. And you know why? Because they're both dead. Now she was 91. Right? He, I would say, was more like 61. Okay. See, see the difference? Or, in other words, she was a long miserable life. But he lived a well, whenever. Come on to say after one at five, 60, WQM, when a competitor and say, it took me a little while. I was a slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. It's way Neil. You are the truth. Absolutely. We do this. Come out. Have five meter and shoulder and so on my character. The day. I don't care. Take home, go round, go home. All that makes I mind but sore. The best years of what remains. You're not my life. I can't find a place. As for all time, like we don't go away to hell, the people of the Christian, hurt to mention you. I have taught and taught by your second guide. Not you, just as though you're not your guide. You've best with you. Let's get this. Be nice. Come out. Don't stay home by the way from here. And make it a night. I'll hand my cues back in the corner of the car and I draw my arms. I've told you my aura of this and we know my death. As if I only had a word that's so ridiculous, as less of the full code of all my civilized lovers come up and meet me. Let's go. I want both to act recklessly but the burden of this way. But he's got time to doubt for a day to meet me. Door doors doors doors. Door doors doors. Door doors doors. Door doors doors. Door doors doors doors. Door doors doors doors doors. I can't even hear what you sport whole. We can't say it like a rest of me. My body. My body. My body. My body. Bye-bye. 11560, no mobile, but we got bold between two and four of the staff knew on the Dowered Show, and then we got mad dog four to six during the ante center, Panther previews six thirty to seven followed by the Panther lighting huge game. Seven of clock tonight, you're going to be glued to that all bet. Oh yeah, tightly. And then we got the HurriKans in Creighton on AM1360, now we ever find out any more about any mobile bot that an IT thing on Wednesday about the possibility of a day game like around 11 30 in a morning. No, I can go ask Robert Creeper at the beast though. And as Robert Creeper at the beast was different charge. In fact, the last one's ask about the eye times, maybe I'll get a straight answer, but I don't. And don't give no luck for, okay, be very respectful to these guys. Because they're in charge. W to Q a m hello. I've got some for your poll. Yes, Republicans. Okay. And have you invited Christ in your life yet? No, he's busy. Okay. Okay. And he's busy as you in the abortion doctors. Get that on here Republicans right away. My Christian back was sure he would get a fine. All we're fine. Got a picture of my here too. If you had a haircut, you'd look happy to me. College student. 21. He'd pay a couple of hundred dollars like his roommates and go on with his life. Even though he wasn't at the party that got out of hand at his rental house after all his name was on the lease. But what he didn't expect and hardly believe was that like this is in the Nebraska, okay. Lancaster County Courage Gail Pocorny had in mind as his punishment for maintaining a disorderly house last October to 2th. You know that was a crime maintaining a disorderly house. It ought to be. Hurtchen back remember his attorney from the University of Nebraska. Look and reaching for a work release form, which will get him out of jail. So we could work while serving his sentence. He didn't need it. It's only a weekend, remember saying. But Pocorny didn't say three days in jail. He said, but 30 man 30 days in jail. He's been performing for maintaining a disorderly house. To be sent to being sentenced to the German March 3rd Hurschenback, who is studying business at South East New New College in Lincoln, Nebraska. Scan in a blue plastic chair in the visit of your room at the Lancaster Correctional Facility. First aid by the experience he talks to people serving seven to ten days sentences for driving drunk. He doesn't think it's right. Otherwise if you drive drunk, you get seven to ten days. But if you maintain a disorderly house, you get 30 man days. I think for Corny wanted to make an example of someone. He said it's hard to be in the court around the wrong day, which sucks, Hurschenback said. He said it sucks. He said he was in his parents home in Lincoln, October. When Lincoln police went to the house, he shares with Mike Turnis and Ken Jensen. And found music blaring from the gay rise. And 170 or so people drinking beer. When the cops came in, they dropped their beer cups in a ran. Oh, what about your pansies, huh? About a month later, police pulled over Hurschenback for speeding. The officer arrested him on charges related to the party. He said, call him on the party started. He said his name was on the lease. He said he had no contest. One of the charges was dismissed. His roommates both got fines. And he thought he would too. In a two and a half paid sentence, he ordered. The Corny went through reason by reason by court. Need to take a harder look at this type of case. And Mr. Hurschenback. Reason number one, people can die at these parties, he wrote. The Corny said young people will come to Caldi and Lincoln off. Make bad choices when presented with unlimited beer and liquor. Like Josh Cortis there was always makes bad choices. Now the prison is around, he wants it. I would say they're bad choices. Good choices. It's not uncommon for police to find people passed out of a party with near leave. Blood alcohol levels, he said. Reason number two, people can die at these parties, he. Reason number one, number two the same. According alluded to Jenna Cooper, the N.U. soccer player shot and killed the party nearly two years ago. Young man, Cruz neighborhood looking for college parties and walking unenvited, helping themselves to food and race anything else lying around. Like the chicks. As to leave the often get violently said, the party's here at the fabric of someone who's oldest in best neighborhoods, destroying the solid, quiet sense of humanity that has made our city what it is, boring evidently. On my home, which is a lot more exciting. They're also an expensive drain on police resources he said. Hurschenback didn't disagree with everything the judge said, but like the fact that law police are going out to parties, they could be doing more productive things. I agree with that Hurschenback said, but that's also why I'm almost trying to not having parties. See, that's your house? There's a kid that you learn something from. Yeah, please. He's got to get out this Saturday and maybe give him a call. Give me his number anyway. Here's the fact this is how about those South Americans, I should know I'm married to one, and she bugs me and bugs the she out of me. She's Colombian. Well, and by the way, you're right Neil. Very good looking people is dumb as dirt I say here. Colombia, what I tell you about them Colombians man. So you said always told that for a long time had some very fine experiences in my life. I don't know what in Colombians. But anyway, yeah, where might go into Bogot, the only problem is, any time I go like on a trip, I like to come back alive. It's always pretty good. It's where I feel requisites for traveling somewhere. Like the Mexico people say, oh, you ever been a Mexico? No. Too many people don't make it back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 of me provides in singular Bible sign. That dreamfields will occur. Post a minute. That thing is going to give you a response on that website today. Almost as good as our fundraiser. So what? Boyle with down for me. Give me the condensed version. So in other words, being as lazy as they are, they're just picking up what I said I'm Friday. They're not going to go make any more efforts to do any fundraising. Is that in that's it? Like what? Like Vanets? I don't know anything. Look, how do you want it? Because the certain people who are doing a lot of work and getting no thanks are just getting Bitched out for what? Bitched out for what? Like Miguel, he does these Vanets that you know, the take time out of his day. See how these Cubans stick together, Jeff. Do you want to do Vanets or don't absolutely not? Then that's it. Then you got your wish. So what are you talking about? I'm not bitching. I just would like to know what's going on. That's what I'm having. What are you talking about? What's going on? Nothing. And that's the way all of us like it. But exactly including me, I'm not being in least been. I just like to make it just 20 grand so we can just give it over. We didn't think we'd go over the weekend on the internet. Yeah. Maybe we got it to 20 grand. I just like to make it a two-a-plot. Oh no sweat. And he's still talking by the way. Thought you might get in there. You are going to like him or else? No, no chance. They can put him on for seven hours a day. And the more they put him on the lower his numbers go. Because it's a reminder of what he's all about. And it's a reminder of how, what he is. The two of these baby dumb and dangerous. I'm happy with how these stands for. This is a good thing. Dry concept. Thank you. Lady. When a monitor to moment. Here are the 72 virgin. Turns into the right moment. Will you be ready? You can be with. See ya'lla. The only ED tablet that works for up to 36 hours or 72 virgins. Which ever comes first. See ya'lla should be taken prior to detonation. Side effects include muscle aches and being dead. In the event of an erection lest they more than four hours. Have added again with the first virgin you to flower. Although at that point, she'll no longer be a virgin. I asked my follow about. See ya'lla. Individual results may vary. And there's a distinction. You'll go straight to hell for killing innocent people. And that this whole 72 virgin thing is a sham. Divised a trick you do doing something indescribably evil. See ya'lla. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. You're ready. Oh, wow, we're waiting for that to come out. Oh, there is an interconnectedness today. That affects our economy somewhere. Alright. You know, there's no question about it. That's why we're like a mortgage in next 4000 years. Oh, look at this. Vermont's two senators, Democrat Patrick Leahy, and independent Jim Jeffords, believe that hearing should be held on abortion administrations, seek the domestic guards having programmed before a century vote is held. We know about Russ Find gold in the sense of, yeah. If you'd democrat the vote, then come out and support a bit. But Senator Fengel says he intends to his resolution of Trump congressional investigation of the President's action on these issues. The Republican Minister of Arbor and Merleckon Diolabets said they would Carl L.A. He spokesman, Senator L.A. he believes in first things first and the first thing is Congress doing its oversight duty in investigating the Bush administration's e-legal domestic wiretapping. And Jeffords says he'd like to have hearings on the resolution. But in the meantime, they hold the hearings. They find out that what we already know is true, which we do. They go ahead and censor his ass. Or by the end of the picture. And he's in the future. Yeah. Now, the important stuff. Okay. Isaac Hays did not quit South Park. My sources say he says Roger Friedman at FoxNews.com that someone quit it for him. I can tell you that Hays is in no position to quit anything. Contrary to news reports, the great writer, singer and musician suffered a stroke on January 17 at the time, but was said they was hospitalized suffering from exhaustion. It's also absolutely ridiculous to think that Hays would love playing Schreff on South Park, which suddenly turned against the show because they were poking fun at Scientology. Last November, when they trapped into close enough to sort of the comedy, Hays and spent time with him in Memphis for the annual Blues Ball. If he hated the show so much, I doubt he would have performed his trademark hit song from the show, Chocolate-Salty Balls. At least to have that in the DCS, you know? Oh, we still have it on CD. Boy, here I want to hear that. Oh, dang. Let's go play it. Tom, actually, Lady will call up. You know, I'll bet on the shave. He tossed his song in the middle of one of his listelations hits and got the whole audience in Memphis pyramid as sing along. I can tell that your Hays was very pleased with himself, was in a great mood and is always loved as fans coming up and asking him about Schreff. As recently as early January before him, his throat hays defended the South Parkway and then he would be with the AV club, the serious side of his hit circle newspaper, the onion. And it goes down with him to be here, goes on. And I feel so much better than it. Oh, not about the stroke. Meanwhile, Hays did not suffer paralysis, but the mild stroke may have affected his speech and memories been having a home of therapy since it happened. That certainly based the question of who it should be stated that he was quitting South Park, because it mocked Scientology four months ago, if it wasn't Hays who would have done such a thing. They are good. Meantime, Tom Cruz may have gotten company simple to pull it to repeat the South Park Scientology who's likely, but the result is that it's all over the web. You can see it for yourself free at youtube.com. That's why OUTUBEYouTube.com. That's right, the book. Not only that, the comedy center website has four clips from the 21-minute show. It also says that trapped in the closet, will there this Wednesday at 10pm, which I did not expect? Oh, well, what's the date on their story? The date is today. Okay, then let's see if it is this Wednesday again. At 10pm. Well, we'll check if Josh is going to look at the listing, if they see if it's listed. So whether or not Cruz actually did use influence in Vidcom, Paramount to give a show of post-amassage schedule, here it is, bigger and better than ever. See, this must be correct, because it admits that it was on pull last week. It says, of course, no one would have cared about my other. If traps simply adhered on schedule, meaning lastly. Of course, no one could blame Cruz down to Wolverine, or even R.B. So a singer, Art Kelly, for being upset about the episode, they're pro-flonant mercilessly. Well, too bad. In the episode, Stan, one of the South Park characters is solicited in the Scientology. We know about this, but to be put above, that would be bad enough wouldn't it? A Cruz visits Stan and his bedroom lines up hiding in his closet when Stan tells him he's not the greatest actor. Thus is born to line. Tom Cruz won't come out of the closet. You're fairie. It's repeated dozens of times. John provolta soon joins Cruz in Stan's closet. He won't come out either. And when they do, there's the ecstatic announcement that they've come out of the closet. Right. Yeah. Some of us have already seen this episode, and maybe even we'll have to watch it again because we enjoyed it so much at first time. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. It says you get to picture, but nothing attracted to closet is anything worse than South Park greatest villain Parker of them before, just rent team america and see what I mean, which we love team america. Lots. So what's wrong with that? Excuse me, but I do believe that sucks. Well, it's from Fox News, what do you start? President, I told 2008 candidates campaign in New Hampshire. Oh, and look who has picture there, Wesley Clark, eating a deli sandwich from the pickle barrel. From the deli den. Provening civil war in Iraq will require a marifist political insult with not just its military force, retired armary general Wesley Clark said Saturday, and of the third anniversary of the US invasion. Clark was in New Hampshire long, uh, among three. Contentional candidates, he said nothing about his own plans, but said he was campaigning to get more Democrats elected to Congress this year. And he said, in the next year, he said, we had to go get our bill Richardson a Democrat, starting the 3D tour of the state and Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, Republican was finishing up a two day swing. Clark said the US should push the US to include Sunni's in the government, and to ensure the county the country's or about the shared by all. He predicted a long struggle at conspirators were in the Middle East if diplomacy fails. This is the decisive moment in Iraq to retire general filet crowd of about 200 people at New England College. While he was likingly pepperoni jews through office 10, a typical problem primarily not a military one. Maybe he didn't have pepperoni jews through, maybe he had room in suburban sandwiched rule. Okay, we'll call her that rule. Orange. The Russian dressing. Never saw that. Oh yeah, I ordered without that. Yeah, I hate Russian. I hate Russian. I'm on bread and fat, you know, soggy bread. That episode is not going to be played by the way. How do you know that? Because I looked at schedule. Well, maybe they maybe it's a change. Don't you understand? Maybe the schedule is a bit of a change. Because Wednesday starts new episodes of South Park. Yeah, I looked through Thursday. And there's at least a lot of us are going to be watching Wednesday. We're going to be Googling. We're going to be tripping pvr and cvr and whatever else. Tvo it. Tvo it. Well, that's pvr in it. Yeah. And if we've signed it and you're going to apologize on three old Wednesdays. A new episode. New season. You hear what I just said? Okay. If they repeated on Wednesday because it was delayed a week after having it the ax last week. Then you're going to apologize to a Josh and the Robert and the Beast. Not to us. We don't hear it. What do you like about it? No, the sir, you know what? I got a guy like just go off on that for a minute. Go over. Right away. Listen to me. As you think back to the Greg Reed dynasty of QAM. And the way that he surrounded himself with this bunch of people, this bunch of sicker fans, without whom he felt very uncomfortable. All these, all the people I had their head deep inside his own body. You know, the water not see in Maddie Bell and Ray Perry who obviously somebody likes him for whatever we have no idea what he does. Nice guy, but there's nothing. But anyway, of course, the other one. You're fairy. Who's now? We don't hear anything from any of these salespeople. You know what's that? Since the new sales manager, you know, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nobody. Yeah. I don't idea whether anybody's left on here, like Pompano Park or anybody. But anyway, Clarence is not the one the same thing. You see what he's doing? He's Greg Reed Jr. now. He's preparing for that. Right. When he's going to be, because obviously he's aware of the fact that Joe Bell is just a paper tiger A, the core gesture. And so he's the one. He is the anointed one by Joyce in the Beesley. Like at night, had that couple weeks ago when I found out the inside dope. Yeah, I did. Yes, you did. And so now he is surrounding himself with his own group of Miss Fitzgerald Robert. I mean, I mean, I like to be personally. We have that gambling thing. Yeah. In common with the Wheel of Fortune and the slots and the pieces. Okay. And then the small doses. But put him and Robert together and Clarence. You've got that you of him trifecta. You know what I'm saying? They have misfit in you. M.U. Misfit you. That that's what this is all about. And the worst part of the story is going to go to you. I'm going to tell you. That this makes it a difference. It's not the point. He's a U.M. Flucking out. Don't you understand, broadcast or sports. He's got his head deep inside. And that whole thing. They're all joined together with the lift. Don't you get it? I get it. You've done that a long time. It's not a word for you. So that that's what's going on now. And Joe is just like sitting back and you know, oblivious. You know, like, hey, well, I have no idea what he's doing. Do you? Nope. No. Ha ha ha. Oh man. Generally, what group of staff are we going to use? Both of you the most. That's our poll question today on your rangers.com. Where you can click on that link to that great pasta. What is it? Diamondhead. Yeah. Diamondhead. Dreamfields. Dreamfields. I've had the hardest. I know what it is. Time. Remember what they're all is. There it is. Right above the O.J. is, I mean, Osama's picture. Oh, John. Joy the dreamfields. Healthy advantage. Jim, turn his great stuff. Worst for me. I can't guarantee it's going to work for you. So by only one box and then don't bitch me out. If your blood sugar was skyrocketing, you need something else. Like a box. He's digging a fool if you're hungry. I mean, got a big appetite right now. Then head over to John the Baker to look. Play like men and they look like women. Ah, good afternoon. Yeah, that's good. I hope you. The name is London Me. And I would very much like to see Neil's great away, please. I have this package. I wish you'd do this. No, it was in Canada. Please, sorry. You can't go with her. I wish yours all. I have you didn't hear me the first time. I am none other than London Me. Your dress like Austin Power. It will actually he dressed like me. That was my act. I was quite the damn of you, though. Sort of was time to jump on the old bandwack. And shall we say. But movie came out of yours. Quite simple, really. I was frozen on that. Oh, you're up on this bloody battle. I don't have to see Neil not. George. There's a man by the name of Leethy Lee here to see. No, don't. Don't. See, here with Scoop face. I'll have you know. I'm London Me. Be list-ed by guests for the Mike Douglas and Murb Griffin Joe. I worked with the greats by taste-off and terrible cook. Somebody get poker for him here. We haven't heard of him. Oh, does John Byna fall? Sandy Baron Ring of Beryl's. Oh, he's lost at all. What's the situation we have here? This cool again. We're a few systems. Let me see Neil Roger. He was the of here, man. Thor's this way. I'm having a fruit. I'm going to go with him. Ten to the least of time. They didn't know who I am. I always have the same problem. No game and ask the goal, but I thought they would know. You're more. I'll have a hinge-all package back. I can't. You didn't leave it in the air. No. So, we went right at the highest against the Leethy Lee. It was all about London Lee. He shows up. I don't know why he's been here. Nobody ever heard of him. We heard right. And take all the, let's call him. We're based. Yeah. Apparently everyone had, I didn't get the pleasure of interacting with him, but everybody all said Josh had some moments in the gal. Spent some time with him. Why would I want to see him? He has something big going on. He had a CD that he brought in. And that got given to Miguel to give to me with the, with the, with the, with the, I'm going to Miguel by the way. I don't want to like go off on a tangent. All right. Which I like Miguel just fine. He's a fine human being. But since it's about that time of day when a Marlon regular season is going to be starting in a couple of weeks. Yeah. Marlon tickets are going to be coming from re appearing. Now, these back in the forward and get them paid for got away. And those what? But he's a guy where he's, he's okay to. I don't want anybody like cherry picking and going to and picking out a bunch of tickets. Because I'm not going to be there before I get my hand on him. Okay. But you tuck it. No problem. Exactly what my, where my house is, the address it could be. Mealed there. You can take them all whatever you want. You know. All right. We will get that because I've had very loud and vociferous complaints. And rightfully so from my house over about the fact that last year when it's taken to ride like all the good stuff was already gone. Well, none of that would happen if there hadn't been a consent at some point somewhere. No. Now, not like to just go through and pick everything under the sun. Anybody might want to go to see? How about this time? Nobody will touch anything. I can't touch anything. Don't touch anything. Okay. You won't be guillito, anybody. Meals. Oh yeah. You know, just like anyway, because it's down in the payroll. I was going to say, I think about tickets because I can go now. Just kidding man. Don't worry about that. I had my heart set on him then. Oh. Now, speaking of doing business with his railways. Anyway, I think that you and I can come back to an agreement on. Yeah. And his really court sense to made it two years in prison yesterday for operating a fake clinic that offered penis enhancements and so called medical treatments to make people tower which failed to work. Oh, David. Simon so far told that Simon said, I told dozens of clients he was a doctor and say he could have to up to 3.9 inches to their height or 2.4 inches to their genitals. They court and television said, his clinic in operations since 1999. Let's see, 3.9 inches to their head. They're going to make you about 5.4. Right? And in my case, well, his clinic in operations since 1999 was automatically supervised. They've got been prosecuted or sold a court. So far has appealed a condition. His precharge patients, 640 pounds and 1953 pounds to increase their height with a Russian made it's got in shekels. With a Russian made treatment method, he told the court's entertainments were not performed despite advertisements that promised them. People decide to become taller or suspended for, haha. This is the best. Yes, this is the best. Maybe can do this at home yourself. Suspend it from the air by their arms and legs or head their body stretched with weights. Others were poked with needles or given food supplements and exercises are for poor arm and arm. To spend it from air by their arms and legs. Only a lunatic could take a person who's not been checked by Dr. and Hangham upside down the court in the transcript quoted a witness in saying that the trial session in February. Only a lunatic. The court said, so far, I didn't get an invasion to help with his clients and that none of received their expected result. A judge sent him two years in jail thinking of a county and no criminal record and is in his family and lives with his mother who supports him financially, the court gave no age for so far. I like that. Whatever, probably 50. It lives with mama. How about that? You wish that. Well, it's about time that somebody other than a Cuban, no fake doctor debt, you know, busted. Is really business people, man? Avoid them like to play. Run. So you told me. And then you had your own experience in, yeah? Well, remember the line in that movie crash since we talked about it so much. Remember Sandra Bullock's tie right there, that she felt like doing something but she didn't because she didn't want people to think that she was a bigot. Yeah, yeah. That was my experience. I wanted to run based on things that you had told you. You should have. And I didn't. Oh, no, no, no, I better not. Just let my bigotry take hold here. I'll, you know, how bad can they be? And that. It's a way of life. Walmart, speaking to your very favorites, is really business people followed by Walmart and Nice Quonella. Walmart, plant style, next to 150,000 staff in China over the next five years. As it boosts his presence in the fast-waring retail market, Walmart is gobbling up the world. There like a gigantic, uh, monster with, and limitless appetite. Like a Pac-Man. They don't give it in about the pasta, whether it's low carb or high carb. They just want to eat it. The US firm, the world's largest retailer and the anti-Christ currently has 56 stores in China, plants to up another 20 over the next year. It plants to establish a university in degree to help new staff acquire skills, include preparation and finance. The world's largest retailers are all looking to expand in China. However, British firm Tesco and Germany's metro among a number of other companies in China, making further inroads in China. Of the current retailers, French firm Carafore leads away with 78 stores. The domestic business currently accounts for 80% of Walmart sales, but the firm is looking to grow its international operations. We're going to be growing in all directions. They're there standing in their testicles and tentacles and all directions, complying up every dime on a face of the globe. Walmart. And, last but not least, if I would cover a little territory, we had some sensational calls. Oh yeah. It was okay. Except for that memo, I'm going to read again one more time. The show one more time. One more. Because there is the worst memo, and I remember reading certain memos over here and saying, this is the worst memo in the history of broadcasting. Not maybe come close. I mean, you don't want their laugh or cry. Yeah, I mean, I think that Robert Gouper is not like a pretty soon. He's going to be your supervisor. You better like, that's what got up to him. Oh, we're chums. You better kiss him right on the cheek. We're going to temple on Saturday together. Self-hating Jew, Robert Gouper. And the backstabber. Fony. I'm glad to hear that his tongue is foreshades late in the last incident. Oh, that's lovely. We're public and Senator claimed on a, one of the talking H.O.s yesterday that generals have told him that low grade civil wars been going on a rack for the last six months to be here. Chuck Hagle, who's opinion pushes a thorn in his side. Nationalities raised the quotas. I think we have had a low grade civil war going on in the rack certainly. At least for six months, maybe last year he said on ABC this week, with George Stepan Topovist, our own generals have told me privately. George, that's what he said. So that's a fact. And for us to walk away from that or try to houth the selfless Amrosi veneer for you to about it. Hagle was picked more than a few fights with the Bush administration last few years. Also criticized the line from a column that Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld wrote in published in a Washington Post, which compared with Ralph Merak to appeasing the Nazis. Turning our backs on postwork, it would be the modern equivalent of handing postwork Germany back to the Nazis wrote Rumsfeld. And of course, it's totally bogus anyway because the Nazis were all either in prison or had surrendered at the end of WW2. When asked by Stepan Topovist, if that analogy was appropriate, Hagle said that it wasn't, but we understood the Secretary said a difficult assignment to try to assign some credibility to the current policy, which isn't working. Hagle complained about the constant refraining vote by the administration about how we're not going to leave until we achieve victory. After rattling off a number of goals already achieved, search as bottoms, capture and Iraqi elections, Hagle are either determined with two nebulous and could signify that we'll never be out of there. Stepan Topovist's other guest, Senator Jack Reed, Democrat or Rhode Island, argued that another major problem is that there was no compliment to the military forces in Iraq. We don't have the State Department people, the Department of Agriculture, the aid people who transform the military success, and something that people would talk about as a stable and effective governmental structure in Iraq, we'd say. A low grade civil war is going on right now. But other than that, everything's going on. We're fine. The city does see amazing meal Rogers. Just in 6000 hours. You get a lot of things. All right. The Rogers on Sports Hall made the OW2A. And now, a word from the Unborn Child, the Van Geline-Jolie in Brad Pitt. Hello. And the high-grunt shaft. A huge hurry will turn into a trip. My mouth is going to be red. I'll tell you, I can't hear the bell. I'll fix me. My problem is it's a memory of me again. It's never been a child of a very young and simply creepy, we have a 50-percent human system looking like him. That's what's odd, it looks like a troll. Can you imagine the bad luck? Have a very chill, I should find it. And a beautiful cookie phrase in my bag and you write that's looking right here. But look at what's with the city lights. My life is crazy, so far. It's a troll. It's true. It's true. Then where will we out on the land going? Until I hear the bell, I'll tell you, if it's in my head of course. Now, I'll tell you, Brody, I've been so surprised. I've been so proud of you. I've been so proud of you. I've been a very young and simply creepy memory. And I'm feeling the joy, but I'm also looking for it at the end point. Because then I'll tell you, you know, and the other thing I wanted to tell you, is the name of an animal because I was in Turkey mainly found in other places, Granda Sir. But I think it's a great idea for me, from the German army, it's probably very cute. He's very cute, but I can't hear him because we're more clever than a big puppy. Oh, you can't wait to actually explain. Right now, I'm sure to get right to this field when it ends my arm. And it's took the grass from very soon and we're here. Okay, that's all for now. I got it, got it. Because it's easy to pray and be fearless. And it has to go on another crazy shrub. Right? You've just witnessed an official pre-birth monologue from the unborn baby of Angelina Joly in Brad Pitt. And by the way, you're all welcome for the fact that I saved you from any stories about Brangelina with all week and long. And all over the evening. Bye-bye-bye-bye-bye. Waiting that never to play. So now who cares already? Geez, or hear a life. I have no life. Anyway, here's speaking. I have no life. How many times should we read this every day? Yeah. We've been around them from our program director Josh Dero, aka Clarence the worst member in the history of the business. Carmen Kaffee, the general manager, Joe Bell, by the way. And everybody, all QM employees, Ray Beast and Reaper. Remember the prisoner? He was number six, Reaper is number five. Uh-huh. Well, according to that level, he's number two. Oh, you even say that again. I've always said that. Can't you smell it? Permancies have enlisted Brian London and Robert Grieferd was just me in running the WQM program in department. The answer for something, please come by. They're communicating the citizens I have made and calls that I have for the radio station. They are my flunky. They are my underlings. They are my spies. Please consider that when they contact you and if any issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally. All brother. You're right. Number one and number two and number three, whatever that is. Also, if I cannot be found, which happens more often than not because you see when basketball nerd. And there is a pressing issue. Please see them for any assistance. Now, if you had some head of a problem, then would you go running to Robert Greifer? I'm going to start. Brian and Robert have been with WQM for a long time and are deserving of this. They are passionate about this station. And care about its sound and success. I'm glad they agreed to help me with this endeavor. That is just that we have now reached the bottom. Okay, just when you thought, rock spot him. No one would say. What do you say? So, clearance, this is for you, sweetheart. Bye bye.